Dialogue: Margaret: Hey, 
Margaret: Have you decided yet? You want me to grab pizza or a burger for you?
Paul: Hmm.
Paul: Grab some pizza
Margaret: Ok. See ya at home
Paul: C ya
Summary: Margaret will grab some pizza for Paul.
Dialogue: Andrea: Hey, anyone want to go out tonight?
Andrea: I'm bored as hell...
Beth: I have a dinner with my parents, can meet you later
Nathan: I'm going out with Paul 
Nathan: join us
Andrea: where and what time?
Nathan: 9pm at Harvey's
Beth: this place sucks :/
Andrea: I like it :)
Beth: you like the bartender not the place
Nathan: really??? :)
Andrea: thank you Beth...
Beth: what?!
Nathan: let's meet at harvey's and we'll go somewhere else if you want to
Andrea: I'm in
Beth: ok, me too but let's go somewhere else later
Beth: I'll call you after the dinner
Summary: Andrea, Nathan and Paul will meet at Harvey's at 9 pm and probably will go somewhere else. Beth has a dinner with her parents so will join them later.
Dialogue: Rudy: <file_photo>
Rasheed: Damn! When was this one taken? 2010 or something?
Rudy: Yeah, July 2010
Rasheed: Shit, so many years and still it seems like yesterday
Rudy: I know
Rudy: <file_photo>
Rasheed: Hah, Jennifer looked so different back then
Rudy: Yeah, the curly hair and those glasses
Rasheed: We're old, man
Rudy: Yep, but at least she's still the most beautiful woman in the world XD
Rasheed: Too bad she friendzoned us both years ago XD
Summary: Rudy and Rasheed are watching their old photos from 2010 and reminiscing on their old love.
Dialogue: William: Gooood moooorning
Ava: Hello!
William: What are you doing ?
Ava: Breakfast
William: Oh ok. Did you make some for me too ?
Ava: Yes,U always can join me :)
William: Ok I'm going to get on a plane going to Italy instead haha
Ava: Good hehe
Summary: Ava is making breakfast.
Dialogue: John: Congrats! the panel was great
Joan: Thank you, I'm happy you liked it
John: Your presentation was the best
Joan: thanks, Anita had a nice one too
John: hmm, she had nice examples but not a great analysis though 
Joan: I think it was quite good, she just doesn't want to go too far with conclusions yet
John: you think so?
Joan: I know, she hasn't finished the research yet
John: ok, so it's a thing to observe then
Joan: definitely, because she found amazing stuff in the archives
John: Do you think she will be make a book of it
Joan: I encouraged her to write one, yes
John: very good!
Summary: John liked Joan's presentation at the panel. Joan also liked Anita's presentation. Anita hasn't finished her research yet and Joan already encouraged her to write a book. 
Dialogue: Sally: Do you need any help?
Jo: No thanks, I am OK at the moment :-)
Sally: Good. If you need anything just let me know :-)
Jo: I am good at this stage, but I hate double checking things and I never see my own mistakes.
Sally: So you do need my help :-) No problem. When do you think you'll be done?
Jo: By 3pm?
Sally: Perfect, I will drop by.
Jo: Thank you, you're so nice :-)
Summary: Sally will drop by Jo's at 3pm to help her.
Dialogue: Adam: Have u seen last Dizzy's clip?
Mark: Yep, It's brilliant!
Adam: I think it's the best one!
Summary: Mark and Adam love Dizzy's last video.
Dialogue: Ellie: i have a question for you
Ellie: and i need you to be honest
Susan: ok shoot
Ellie: do i wear too much makeup???
Ellie: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Susan: lol
Susan: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Ellie: please be honest
Susan: well... you really want me to be honest?
Susan: you can overdo it sometimes
Susan: why do you ask anyway?
Ellie: i heard some girls making fun of me earlier today lol
Susan: oh come on!!!
Susan: you can't tell me you care!
Susan: you're one of the most confident people i know (▀̿Ĺ̯▀̿ ̿)
Susan: you're cool as cool can be (͡ ͡° ͜ つ ͡͡°)
Ellie: no one said i cared lol
Ellie: i could care less 
Ellie: i was just genuinely curious lol
Summary: Ellie is curious whether she wears too much makeup. Susan reckons she overdoes it sometimes. Ellie is confident and doesn't care.
Dialogue: Shelly: Bt I don't have a story to tell. 
Ricky: Sure u do!
Tom: Yeah! There must have been a near-death experience in ur life ;)
Shelly: I don't wanna talk about it. 
Ricky: All right. We'll stop making fun of u. Will that help?
Tom: Promise.
Shelly: Fine. It was just b4 Xmas. 
Ricky: So a snow storm?
Shelly: Guessed it. I was doing some Xmas shopping. Presents and stuff. 
Tom: Last yr?
Shelly: No, 3 or 4 yrs back. And everything was fine until I came out of the shop. It was snowing so heavily I couldn't see a thing. Suddenly I felt someone pull my bag.
Ricky: Geez! The ppl!
Tom: I know!
Shelly: Turned out I caught on something and everything fell out of my bag. Snow falling, a real blizzard. Started picking up things, but lost some of them. And someone trod on my presents.
Ricky: Did u at least manage to get a taxi home?
Shelly: Not a chance. Went by subway. The only thing that wasn't impacted by the storm.
Tom: But u managed to find everything and didn't lose a thing?
Shelly: Fortunately, yes.
Summary: Shelly experienced a heavy snow storm just before Christmas, 3 or 4 years ago. Someone pulled her bag, walked over her presents and she started picking things up. She went home by the subway and fortunately didn't lose anything.
Dialogue: Clint: Hi Aaron, it's Clint from SunRoof, we spoke yesterday on the phone. We just need a few details before we can get started on your house. Can you email us your insurance policy? We night be able to work a few angles to get new decking too.
Aaron: Sure, thanks, new decking would be cool. Email sent.
Clint: Ok great. I checked your policy and new decking is definitely an option. With all damage pertaining to leaks, hail damage it will be done deal and the insurance company shouldn't have a problem with that. If they do, we'll do our best to fight them.
Aaron: Great, I appreciate it. When do you think you can start working on the house?
Clint: We're fully booked until the 30th so we can proceed on the 1st. Would this work for you?
Aaron: Okay no problem. I will be at work during the day but my wife will be there.
Clint: Great. We scheduled you for the 1st between 1-4 pm. In case of bad weather and if we need to reschedule for any other reason, we guarantee to have it done on a priority basis and will not charge you the first time you cancel provided you give us 24h notice.
Aaron: Okay, thanks. Is there a choice for the color of the shingles?
Clint: Sure. You should have already been sent a brochure with our selection, including the certainteed shingles you were interested in. There's a questionnaire below we need at least 7 days before scheduled install. I can resend it in case you haven't got it.
Aaron: It's okay, I see it now, sorry. I will send it back to you this afternoon.
Clint: No problem. I think as soon as we get that form we're ready to roll so we'll see you on the 1st! You can always reach me under this number in case you need any assistance or if there are any changes. 
Summary: Clint from Sunroof wants to discuss some details with his client Aaron before he can start to repair his roof. Aaron's insurance policy covers a new decking and fixing all damage connected with leaks and hail damage. SunRoof is fully booked until 30st, they arrange to repair Aaron's roof on 1st.
Dialogue: Kate: I'm leaving soon for the gym, wanna join?
Kai: We were they yesterday!
Kai: again?
Kate: LOL, I'm going to do some jogging only
Kate: you don't need to join me, just saying
John: I'll go with you, it's a good idea after Christmas
Kate: nice!
Kai: and now I'm the only lazy potato
Kate: you said it
Kai: ok, i'll go with you, but give me 30min, please
Kate: ok, let's meet at the bus stop
Kai: fine, take my shower gel
Kate: sure! I remember 
Kai: see you soon!
Summary: Kate asks Kai and John to go to the gym with her. Kai is reluctant, John agrees. Kai also agrees. They will meet in half an hou at the bus stop. Kate will bring Kai's shower gel. 
Dialogue: Allen: How are you ?
Brantley: I'm fine and u?
Allen: Hungover like shit haha
Brantley: I supposed so
Summary: Allen is hungover.
Dialogue: Ellie: congratulations!! I heard you became a mommy :)
Jill: thanks sweetie
Ellie: how are you feeling?
Jill: soo tired but so happy at the same time, it's a feeling like nothing else
Ellie: awww do you have any pictures??
Jill: <file_photo>
Ellie: so cute!!! she looks like you!
Jill: <file_photo>
Ellie: like mother like daugther!! I am so happy for you :))
Jill: come visit soon! I haven't seen you for ages
Summary: Jill has delivered a baby. She wants Ellie to visit her.
Dialogue: Daniel: btw have you started watching the series yet?
Sally: the Americans? I have and I am in love with it. It's really good. I mean I rarely get to watch series that keep consistent throughout the seasons and I have been binge watching this one since the last time we spoke.
Daniel: I knew you'd like it. The things they do are crazy, there's no way to tell how many people they've killed ;)
Sally: I know, but for some reason it doesn't make you like them less, I think that's the best part about it!
Daniel: Idk, I find Page hard to stomach sometimes... Annoying little know it all
Sally: Like in that scene when she thought she would fight Phillip? Like she stands a chance! He wiped he floor with her.
Daniel: Yeah, I really enjoyed that one. Have you seen all the episodes?
Sally: Not yet, last season left. NO SPOILERS PLS
Daniel: I wouldn't do it to you. So which one do you like better: Felicity or Americans?
Sally: it's kinda weird to see Keri Russel be so badass but she's so good at it! Felicity was a bit too whiny for my liking. Elizabeth is like a stone with no feelings, works better for me. You?
Daniel: Def Elizabeth. That's why I stopped watching Homeland, what's her name was too all over the place. I seriously doubt somebody that unstable would be CIA.
Sally: She does get a bit crazy... I didn't like how they made her the only 'enlightened' one, so unreal. Stopped watching after the 3rd season, didn't like what they did to Brody.
Daniel: I didn't even get that far. Shame. really thought it had potential and her crazy completely ruined it for me. I was hoping they would kill her off the entire time.
Sally: That's a bit harsh ;) But I get it, you probably hoped for less drama and more action.
Summary: Daniel and Sally enjoy "The Americans" but Daniel dislikes Page. They both prefer Keri Russel in "The Americans" than "Felicity". They both were disappointed with "Homeland".
Dialogue: Ruth: Hey, I asked my mum bout Steph's bday 2moz (transport), an she says she cant at all :( SOO if u drove me 2 steph's party (and back), she says she will drive u 2 ruths bday and back. Is dat okay?? Also, do u knoww wat ur gettin Hannah?? P.S. Did u lik de pics??
Janet: i cant sse ur italy pictures cos of privacy settings!! :(
Ruth: that was the point cos i dont lik them dat much but il change them 4 u on monday (if i dont 4get)
Janet: thnks!!
Ruth: :)
Summary: Ruth's mom can't drive Ruth and Janet to Steph's birthday. Janet can't see Ruth's Italy pictures due to privacy settings. Ruth made them so on purpose, but will change them for Janet on Monday.
Dialogue: Eva: <file_photo> 
Ian: Is that your dog?
Eva: Yes
Ian: Aw cutie 
Summary: Ian thinks Eva's dog is cute.
Dialogue: Helen: Tonight there's a cool party in Red Lion.
Helen: <file_other>. Highly recommended!
Diana: Hm.. looks good.
Diana: but I'm going to the cinema first with some friends so i can be there at 10  or even later <file_other>
Diana: wanna join?
Helen: I won't make it to the cinema:-( 
Helen: i won't be there before 10 either coz I need to work a bit first...
Helen: so I will see you there in Lion, right?
Diana: yep!
Summary: There is a party tonight in Red Lion. Diana and Helen will be there after 10. Diana is going to see a movie first and Helen needs to work.
Dialogue: Keith: Have you seen Brenda today?
Charlotte: Nope, I haven't, why do you ask?
Keith: She looks awful, as if she hasn't slept all night!
Charlotte: Perhaps she hasn't, why do you bother suddenly about her?
Keith: I've heard recently that she started hanging out with some shady guys
Charlotte: Hmm… I didn't know you were such a gossip Keith XD
Summary: Keith is worried about Brenda.
Dialogue: Rita: Hey guys, another reminder that I need your passport copies!
Larry: Hey Rita, I thought you needed our travel plans?
Rita: First, I need to get your passports so I can start with the tickets.
Daria: Sorry, Rita, will send you a copy in a sec. What about the tickets? How quickly do we need to decide?
Rita: It's not a big deal yet but please send the copies to me by the end of the week otherwise I won't be able to make any arrangements.
Larry: <file_photo>
Rita: Please send it to my email, the files here are too compressed.
Larry: Oh, sorry, didn't know! Sending to you email now.
Daria: For some reason, I can't get my copier to work, can I just take a picture? Would it be okay?
Rita: Thanks, Larry, got it! @Daria - as long as the copy is clear and readable, it should be fine.
Daria: Thank you! I will do it as soon as I get a chance. What happens next?
Rita: I add your passport copies to the system and get them approved for travel so I can get you tickets pretty much any time with most airlines using corporate discounts.
Summary: Rita needs everyone's passport copies to arrange tickets.
Dialogue: Ada: Hi, thank you very much for your feedback, I'm really grateful. where and when I can get it? Unfort, I don't have anything in exchange, but I can pay.
Gigi: hello! I will be more than happy to give you a spath. You can get it under the address I gave you. When would you like to come?
Ada: That's awesome! I coulde be tomorrow around noon, is it OK for you?
Gigi: Perfect. I'm at home with a baby, almost all the time.
Ada: Fantastic. I will be in touch and I'm gonna target 12:00
Gigi:  See you then :))
Ada: (Y)
Summary: Ada will come to Gigi at about noon tomorrow to get a spath. Gigi is at home with a baby.
Dialogue: Felicia: Hi Harvey. Do you have any new killer-series in your movie shop
Harvey: Hey Of course i have in fact not one.Have you watched Riverdale?
Felicia: Not yet. The trailer only😁
Harvey: Whaaaat!! You have no idea of what you are missing
Felicia: I think i will take that one and SWAT. Then I want the Venom movie. My friends won't let me be after they watched it
Harvey: Sure. When are you gonna pass-by picking them?
Felicia: Today after class. Around 4pm
Harvey: Okay you will find them ready
Felicia: Fine
Summary: Felicia will pass by around 4 pm to pick up "Riverdale", "SWAT" and "Venom".
Dialogue: Jessica: I heard you got caught during the exam.
Gareth: ya... that sucks
Jessica: I told you, don't mess with her.
Gareth: cmon, it was impossible to learn everything
Jessica: at least you could have tried
Gareth: no, I had a shift yesterday
Jessica: but you knew about the exam from the beginning.
Gareth: you're not helping...
Summary: Gareth got caught cheating in the exam.
Dialogue: Ann: Have you ever made vodka gummy bears?
Max: Yes! I love those things!
Ann: How long do you leave them to soak?
Max: A week!
Ann: That long???
Max: Oh yeah!
Ann: Don't they turn to goo?
Max: Scarily, no!
Ann: I shudder to think what they're made of!
Max: Don't think, just enjoy! LOL!
Ann: Riiiiight!
Summary: Max makes vodka gummy bears. He leaves them to soak for a week.
Dialogue: Ava: hey, if anything, I'm still in town this weekend, we could go for a walk tomorrow
Taylor: yeah yeah, that sounds cool, I'd like that 
Ava: I'll be downtown in the middle of the day, do you have plans for early afternoon?
Taylor: nope, I don't that would be good for me 
Ava: alright well I'm thinking I'll be free around 4 or 5 PM
Taylor: cool that works 
Ava: I'll let you know then
Taylor: 👍
Summary: Ava is in town for the weekend and wants to go for a walk with Taylor. Ava and Taylor will meet downtown tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Rowan: Hi there
Jo: Hey, are you joining us for lunch before the workshop?
Rowan: Sure! Where?
Jo: I was thinking of the Pret which is just next to the BL. Wait, there probs are plenty so I'll send you the location <file_location>
Rowan: Cool. What time?
Jo: I'd say 1 pm if that's ok for you
Rowan: Yeah sure
Jo: See you there and then. I can't wait to see you actually!
Rowan: Likewise pretty!
Jo: See you tomorrow then
Rowan: Cool. Toodles!
Jo: Byeee
Summary: Rowan is joining Jo for lunch tommorow at 1 pm at the Pret next to the BL.
Dialogue: Clem: hi dear, i've seen on FB that you're looking for a babysitter this summer.
Leo: yes, i'll be on my own with the 3 monsters and the baby, so i need help
Clem: you could contact my cousin. She's used to kids
Leo: Nice. Do you think she'll be available the all month?
Clem: don't know but ask her. Here is her contact
Clem: <file_photo>
Leo: thanks. I'll call her tonight
Clem: i've send her a text already. So she knows you'll get in touch with her.
Summary: Leo is looking for a babysitter for the summer. He will be alone with 3 kids and the baby. Clem passes his cousin's contact. He texted her. Leo will call her tonight.
Dialogue: Eli: Jenn! In about 30 minutes we'll ve heading towards the beach for a walk.
Eli: Do you feel like joining us with Mr. Nakoa?
Jenn: Sure! He’s sleeping right now. Where are you guys now?
Eli: We're next to Corte Inglés, but we van pick u guys up at tour place
Jenn: I’m in La Laguna right now
Eli: ah ok, then where do we meet?
Eli: Wherever it suites you, we're free
Jenn: I’ll head to the paseo now
Eli: cool
Jenn: I was printing some pics, now I’m done. It’s a beautiful day! I’m near Playa Victoria. See you soon.
Jenn: Are you guys near?
Eli: Yeah, we're almost at isecotel
Eli: On the other side of the cemetery
Jenn: You’re walking on the paseo right? I don’t remember where Isecotel is..
Jenn: Im near Memphis now
Jenn: did we pass each other?
Eli: nope, we had to stop for a moment, the little one was crying. We're almost there
Jenn: Good!
Jenn: I'm sitting next to the hipster cafe
Summary: Jenn and Eli want to meet for a walk on the beach. They give each other their locations several times. Jenn worries that she and Eli and his friends might have missed each other. Jenn is waiting for them next to the hipster cafe.
Dialogue: Jacob: Dear prof. Daniel, thank you for visiting our seminar.
Daniel: I was honoured to be part of this project.
Jacob: The students were very excited about your presence. There are many admirers of your work at out university.
Daniel: Thank you. It was inspiring to see you all and listen to some fresh ideas.
Jacob: Inspired by your lecture, we were thinking about starting a working group about existentialism 
Daniel: What a great idea!
Jacob: Would you agree to be our liaison professor at the department?
Daniel: With pleasure. Drop me an email with more details, please. Whatever you would like to do. It doesn't need to be well defined or formal.
Jacob: Thank you very much, you will receive the email soon.
Daniel: Have a good night!
Jacob: You too, good night!
Summary: Daniel's cooperation with Jacob on his project was a success. Daniel will be the liaison professor at Jacob's department. 
Dialogue: Esme: what is that in my wallet?
Peeta: cute frog
Esme: why do you think i need a frog in my wallet?
Peeta: it's taking care of your money
Esme: its a superstition
Esme: i mean bullshit
Peeta: i just wanted to make you smile :(
Peeta: sorry
Summary: Esme scoffs at the cute frog Peeta has left in her wallet.
Dialogue: Matt: <file_photo>
Matt: <file_photo>
Kat: Can you please stop sending me pictures of your dick!
Matt: <file_photo>
Matt: Just thinking of you babe!
Kat: How old are you again? 5?
Matt: Well fuck you then! I was just trying to be nice!
Kat: No. I don't think so. More like you were being a dickl
Matt: <file_photo> LOL
Summary: Matt keeps on sending Kat photographs of his penis. She tells him to stop. He thinks he is being nice, she disagrees.
Dialogue: Jim: guys, can you recommend some interesting modern architecture in New York?
Tom: Guggenheim for sure, it's really beautiful
Jim: is it from the 1990s?
Tom: no way. It's Frank Lloyd Write 1940-50s
Jim: really? Wow. I've always thought it's much newer
Jim: no, it was really a pathbreaking piece
Hildegard: see also the Oculus by Calatrava
Hildegard: it's next to the ground zero
Hildegard: quite breath-taking 
Hildegard: and of course the classics like The Empire State Building, Brooklyn Bridge etc
Peter: And pay attention to the sky scrappers, some of them are really interesting
Peter: like the Chrysler or 432 Park Avenue
Jim: thanks!
Summary: Jim is looking for interesting modern architecture in New York. Tom recommends Guggenheim. Hildegard recommends the Oculus, The Empire State Building and Brooklyn Bridge.
Dialogue: Walter: Good morning, my little Puss! Just arrived home and wanted to say thank you for a lovely weekend!
Walter: <3 <3 <3
Wendy: Morning Bear! yeah, it was good...
Walter: to say the least
Wendy: and too short
Walter: weekends should be 5 days long
Wendy: and then 2 days off
Walter: before going on holiday
Wendy: of 2 months
Walter: every half a year
Wendy: provided the other half is free
Walter: and fully paid for
Wendy: plus a holiday premium
Walter: and reimbursement of travel expenses
Wendy: not to mention a decent pension plan
Walter: starting at 40
Wendy: and full medical cover
Walter: for private patients
Wendy: and all their family members
Walter: with household pets
Wendy: giving up
Walter: but you've won anyway
Wendy: <3
Summary: Walter and Wendy spent a weekend together. They had a lot of fun.
Dialogue: Sean: Yo, who's that chocolate for?
Emil: What chocolate?
Sean: The one in your bag.
Emil: Don't go through my stuff dude. 
Sean: I can sure as hell do that without asking you. I'm your ONLY friend dude. XD
Emil: Ha Ha, really funny dumbass.
Sean: You ARE gonna tell me or else.
Emil: Or else what?
Sean: I'm gonna eat it, that's what.
Emil: Hey no, don't. It's for Lisa.
Sean: Liiissaaaa? 
Emil: Yeah. What's so funny about that?
Sean: Nothing. xD
Emil: Then shut up.
Sean: I thought you two broke up.
Emil: Yeah, so?
Sean: SO?
Emil: So what?
Sean: So why're you giving this stuff to her?
Emil: Because i want to. :/
Sean: Are you stupid?
Emil: This doesn't mean anything.
Sean: Yeah right! I'm sure she will see it that way.
Emil: Whatever dude go to hell. 
Summary: Sean goes through Emil's bag and finds chocolate. Chocolate is for Lisa.Sean thinks it's a bad idea since Emil and Lisa are no longer a couple.
Dialogue: Liam: Bob, we have an emergency here, could you come over?
Bob: the pipe again?
Liam: yes, the children played with it apparently.
Bob: I'm coming 
Summary: Bob will come over to fix the pipe that children had played with.
Dialogue: Melissa: What kind of pizza did you eat?
Tanner: It was hawaian
Melissa: I love that pizza
Tanner: Me too
Melissa: When I told italian people about pizza with pineapples they thought it must be disgusting hahha
Tanner: They don't know what is good hahaha
Melissa: What about a banana on a pizza?
Tanner: It would be very disgusting. I hate banana!!!
Melissa: I ate pizza with bananas and curry and I didn't like it. But I love pineapple on a pizza
Tanner: That sounds disgusting
Melissa: My brother loves that pizza with banana. In poland we usually eat pizza with some sauces like a garlic or tomatoes sauce. And that's very very good
Tanner: Yea I know. There's a restaurant here that serves it's pizza like that
Melissa: nice. I guess u tried this?
Tanner: Yes and it was delicious
Summary:  Melissa and Tanner both like hawaian pizza a lot. Melissa mentions that in Poland people eat pizza with sauces. Tanner tried it and liked it.
Dialogue: Sam: where are you man we are waiting for you?
Henry: almost there 
Sam: man your always like that :angry: its been an hour we are all here
Henry: i am sorry mate! 
Summary: Sam and the others have been waiting for Sam for an hour.
Dialogue: Grace: I'm so jealous you're going to Romania!
Regina: Well… I'm sooooo happy!! :D
Grace: So tell me, what are you going to see there?
Regina: You know it's very bad of me… But actually Christine has a family there and she organises everything
Grace: Wow, really! I didn't know that!
Regina: Me neither! 
Grace: So it means she knows Romania!
Regina: Oh yes, she's been there a few times, she travelled through the region of Transylvania and stayed at her cousins place in Bucharest
Grace: Cool! Are you gonna stay at her place as well?
Regina: Nooo, we're too many, haha xD but she's gonna meet up with us and show us the city
Grace: Niiiiice!!! Very nice!!! 
Regina: It's such a shame you didn't get free from work 
Grace: Yeah… but unfortunately it's the hottest time at our company, I knew they won't let me go
Regina: Don't worry, we'll send you a postcard xD
Grace: Hahaha thanks! 
Regina: With some very nice view :D 
Grace: Haha of course, the best one! And bring me something nice to eat!
Regina: Ofc, we know you love eating
Grace: Especially original food! Thx!
Regina: For sure we'll find something very special for you!
Summary: Regina and Christine are going to Romania. Christine has a family in Romania and has been there several times, so she is organizing the the trip. Grace can't come as she didn't get a leave at work. Regina will send Grace a postcard and bring her something to eat from Romania.
Dialogue: Jack:  Hi Kid, I'm sorry but I'll be late, pls wait for me!
Maya: Ok Dad, I'm sitting in front of school with Kirsten and Brooke. When will you arrive?
Jack: 20 minutes and I'm with you!
Maya: That's pretty long, but I have no choice XD
Jack: You always have a choice, like a bus for example:D
Maya: Oh Dad, pls, it's not funny…
Summary: Jack is late to meet his daughter Maya from school. Jack will be in 20 minutes. Maya will be waiting.
Dialogue: Lucy: can I borrow your blue shirt
Jane: as long as you promise not to ruin it
Lucy: I wont 🤞
Jane: well that doesn't instil much confidence lol
Lucy: ha ha
Jane: where are you going?
Lucy: the bank dinner
Jane: oo posh
Lucy: yes thats why I need a posh shirt😜
Jane: well you know I only have class in my wardrobe...
Lucy: oh right so the slut skirts must belong to someone else then😂😂
Jane: I will have you know they are belts🤦‍♀️😂
Lucy: they may as well be mate ha ha ha 
Summary: Jane will let Lucy borrow her blue shirt for the bank dinner.
Dialogue: Sarah: What are you doing for Xmas day dinner?
Jim: Nothing. Was planning of kicking back with a beer or two and watching some telly.
Sarah: Home Alone? ;-)
Jim: In more ways than one! 
Jim: BTW did I ever tell you how much I hate that film. LOL
Sarah: I can't think of a single person that likes it. Makes you wonder why they always put it on over Xmas.
Jim: Guess they consider it to be a safe family choice and it must be cheap for them to screen.
Sarah: Yep. LOL
Sarah: Do you want to come over to mine for Xmas dinner?
Jim: Thanks for the offer. sounds really tempting.
Sarah: Is that a yes? ;-)
Jim: It's a cautious yes or a firmer maybe... ;-)
Sarah: You're so hard to pin down! LOL
Jim: Always ;-)
Summary: Jim was planning to spend Christmas alone, watching TV. Jim and Sarah do not like the film "Home Alone". Sarah invites Jim over for Christmas dinner.
Dialogue: Jill: Jack, they're doing it again
Jack: ??
Jill: our upstairs neighbours!! it's like a freakin porno movie
Jack: hahaha aren't you a little jealous
Jack: cause your husband
Jack: who's an excellent lover might I add
Jack: is away?
Jill: yes I am SO turned on by this couple of weirdos
Jack: :* just wait until 10pm and knock on their door
Jill: too embarrasing :P
Jack: silly
Jill: how is your night?
Jack: no sexy noises on my end
Jill: yeah right
Jack: not live anyway ;D
Jill: how did the meeting go?
Jack: I will know tomorrow they said they need to sleep on it
Jill: sleep on what? considering whether your idea is briliant or super brilliant?
Jack: apparently :(
Summary: Jill’s neighbours from upstairs are having loud sex. Jack will know how his meeting went tomorrow as they need to sleep on it.
Dialogue: William: hello
Isabel: hi
William: whats up?
Isabel: getting ready for gym
William: oh, you are training?
Isabel: twice a week
William: i have to join you one day :)
Isabel: maybe today?
William: but you are almost ready..
Isabel: i will wait for you :)
William: ok so give me 20 minutes
William: i will go with you
Isabel: ok :)
Summary: Isabel goes to the gym twice a week. William decides to join her today. He will be ready in 20 minutes. Isabel offers to wait.
Dialogue: Val: I met Sara last night
Jan: What was she like?
Val: Quite rude
Jan: Oh dear....how?
Val: Said that she didn't work for me and only took instructions from Vicky!
Jan: OMG!!!! that is rude!
Val: I know, I was only trying to explain to her how to do something....anyway I refuse to help her from now on
Jan: Don't blame you!
Val: Think I might leave
Jan: Why? Don't!
Val: Vicky doesn't appreciate me and she has employed Sara without even checking out her refs.....
Jan: That's not good! Why didn't she get refs?
Val: You know Vicky!!! She doesn't care as long as she gets to go out drinking!
Jan: Yes but she should have got refs at least.....plus a DBS...
Val: I told her but she wouldn't listen...
Jan: Don't do anything yet, I'll phone you tonight!
Val: Ok.....I'll wait til then!
Summary: Val met Sara last night to explain to her how to do something. Sara was rude to him, she said that she didn't work for him and that she took instructions from Vicky only. Val is angry that Vicky doesn't appreciate him and employed Sara without checking her references. Jan will phone Val tonight. 
Dialogue: Amanda: Is anybody in New York these days?
Lori: I'm in Vancouver :(
Jane: I am in town!
Amanda: wanna meet? I am coming from Boston tomorrow
Jane: Sure, I'm going to an exhibition in Moma
Jane: wanna join?
Amanda: great idea! How much is the entrance, you know I'm unemployed now :(
Jane: I think Friday evening it's free!
Amanda: perfect!
Jane: then we can have some coffee or even clubbing if you prefer
Amanda: I would love to have the donuts we had last time
Jane: No problem! That's even close to my place
Lori: girls, this conversation makes me so envious!
Jane: ahaha, you're in Vancouver, allegedly one of the most amazing cities in the world
Jane: Behave girl!
Amanda: 😂
Summary: Amanda's coming from Boston tomorrow. She and Jane will go to Moma and have donuts. Lori can't join them, because she's in Vancouver.
Dialogue: Mike: Which granola do we have at home? It's really tasty.
Trudy: Jordans
Eve: Raisins & almond 
Summary: Mike, Trudy and Eve have Jordans raisins & almond granola at home. Mike finds it tasty.
Dialogue: Daijon: You looked so tired when we met on the street.
Daijon: Is everything okay?
Cyneley: Yea of course. I started delivering milk from last monday
Daijon: Really? Why? 
Daijon: Your parents gave you enough money didnt they?
Cyneley: Yea but recently they decided not to.
Cyneley: So i should work anywhere to pay my living expenses
Daijon: Why did they decide not to?
Cyneley: Could you ask them why? Cause im also wondering why
Cyneley: I think cause i told them i wanna stay 1 year more in uni.
Daijon: What? Are you going to? 
Daijon: In that case I guess I know why 
Cyneley: I need more time to start to work
Daijon: Think about it once more
Daijon: What's the point of delivering milk and getting little money in your hands than being hired?
Cyneley: But im kinda scared to start working at a company.
Cyneley: What if I cannot get a good job?
Daijon: Even if you get not a fancy job, as long as it is related to your major it wouldn't be a bad start.
Daijon: Or you should talk about your plans clearly for a year 
Daijon: What you are going to do while you have 1 year before you apply for the companies.
Cyneley: ....Life is hard...
Summary: Cyneley had to start delivering milk because her parents cut her off since she decided to stay one more year at school. Daijon suggests finding a regular job closer to her major. 
Dialogue: Carmencita: dude, don't call me when I'm at work
Carmencita: my boss hates it when I have private conversations at work
Lola: sorry :(
Lola: I didn't know
Carmencita: next time message me to call you back and I can reach you during my lunch break
Lola: it wasn't anything urgent tbh
Carmencita: ok
Lola: once again I'm sorry
Carmencita: it's ok u didn't know
Carmencita: we're cool
Summary: Lola called Carmencita when she was at work. Carmencita asks her for sending a message next time, so she could call her during a lunch break.
Dialogue: Trevor: Team Cardi B or Nicki Minaj?
Jay: You know me boy. Nicki all the way
Trevor: Whaaat? Cardi is bomb
Jay: You think so?
Jay: The fact that Nicki has been in the industry for long enough makes Cardi look like a child
Jay: It is like a kid trying to argue with his mom. He will eventually lose.
Trevor: We just can't agree on that though.
Jay: Okay every man with his opinion right?😂
Trevor: Definitely.
Summary: Jay prefers Nicki Minaj to Cardi B. Trevor thinks that Cardi B is better.
Dialogue: Samantha: I'm in the train
Edgar: Where?
Samantha: I've just passed Audley End.
Henry: Ok, I'm leaving to pick you up from the station. 
Summary: Samantha has just passed Audley End in the train. Henry will pick her up from the station.
Dialogue: Henry: Charlie broke his arm, we’re going to the hospital
Diana: Oh my god! Which one are you taking him to?
Henry: Stay in school, your mum is on her way to join us
Diana: Is it serious? How did it happen?
Henry: He slipped when he was getting out of the bathtub
Victoria: We’re at the hospital, everything’s going to be all right
Diana: Please let me know if you need me there
Henry: <file_photo>
Henry: All patched up!
Victoria: Thankfully the fracture isn’t too severe, the doctors are saying it should heal in no time
Diana: Kick him from me
Summary: Charlie broke his arm. Henry and Victoria went to the hospital. The fracture isn't severe.
Dialogue: Michelle: Did you made the reservation already?
Jennifer: Not yet. Was going to do it when I'm back home. Why?
Michelle: Lisa just called me and she wants to go as well.
Jennifer: Shouldn't be a problem. I'll just add one person to the reservation.
Michelle: Great! I'll let her know.
Summary: Jennifer hasn't made the reservation yet. Lisa wants to go as well. Jennifer will add her to the reservation.
Dialogue: Hugo: Do you guys need something?
Leon: grab me 2 beers
Leon: or better 3
Elliot: get me a sprite please
Hugo: Ok. That's all?
Leon: elliot is gay
Summary: Leon wants Hugo to bring him 3 beers. Elliot wants sprite. 
Dialogue: Anthony: u my heart u my sooul ❤️
Jane: u my silly bowl (of happiness)
Anthony: nice 😉
Anthony: see you tomo my love 😘
Jane: seeya 😘😘
Summary: Anthony and Jane are going to meet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Paul Donaghy: Hi Veronica... Did you send me a friend request on Facebook?
Veronica: Yes
Paul Donaghy: Ok...  Just checking because I've had multiple requests lately from hacked accounts
Veronica: It was me from second account which I use mostly recently for work
Summary: Veronica has sent Paul Donaghy a friend requests on Facebook. Paul Donaghy wanted to verify if she really did, as he had received several request from hacked accounts.
Dialogue: Ruth: what size are you
Shirley: size of what
Ruth: nevermind
Shirley: uh???
Ruth: please just forget about it
Ruth: it's supposed to be a surprise
Summary: Ruth is preparing a surprise for Shirley and needs to know what size Shirley is. 
Dialogue: Leo: You have a sports car don't you?
Terrence: Yes, I do.
Leo: What kind of car do you have?
Terrence: It's a Fiesta ST 2013.
Leo: Is it new?
Terrence: It was new in 2013 xD
Leo: So it's old now..
Terrence: Yes, it is. But it still looks and performs good.
Leo: Do you take good care of it?
Terrence: Oh yes, it's my precious and I love it.
Leo: You have to take me for a drive someday.
Terrence: Oh it will be my pleasure :p You will love it.
Summary: Terrence has a sports car and invites Leo for a drive.
Dialogue: Gael: Hey. Make sure you lock the door when you leave
Gunner: Sure.
Gael: Cool. I guess I will see you at school.
Summary: Gunner will make sure he locks the door when he leaves and he will see Gael at school.
Dialogue: John: We're going for vacation in February
Samuel: you're on vacation every month
John: hahahah, no, January I'm grounded 
Esther: this time it's my fault, I just can't stand this winter
John: yes, Esther is really suffering from the lack of light
Samuel: You could also go to Israel, right?
Esther: I don't want to get involved in the politics of Israel
Samuel: you just visit
Esther: it's a huge involvement 
Samuel: :(
Summary: John and Esther are going on vacation in February.
Dialogue: Ollie: Going out this weekend?
Abby: Yes - meeting the girls at Thunder. U?
Ollie: Nope. No invites and I was bad last weekend.
Abby: Oh! How bad?
Ollie: I didn't work out, just sat around and drank like a slug.
Abby: Yikes...
Ollie: I know. Bad.
Abby: No, sounds like me every weekend!
Ollie: For me, it was bad.
Abby: You are good!
Ollie: I try! But anyway, feel like going out but nobody invited me. Wah.
Abby: Sorry, bud. I would but its kind of a girls night.
Ollie: I get it.
Abby: Maybe next weekend?
Ollie: Sure! Maybe see a film? Have some food?
Abby: Sounds perfect. 
Ollie: Okay, will text you.
Abby: Have a good one!
Ollie: You 2!
Summary: Abby is going out with her girls this weekend. Ollie wants to go out but nobody invited him. Ollie will text Abby about going out next weekend. 
Dialogue: Alyson: Hi love, you got anything available for Tuesday, around 5, mani, pedi and full wax?
Chen: Yes love, that's fine, we had a cancellation, you're in luck!
Alyson: Great! I'm off to Greece this weeķend, want to look my best!
Chen: Well, you certainly will. What about a light tan to start off the holiday?
Alyson: Oh, that is certainly tempting, got something at 5.45, 6ish when I'm done?
Chen: Should do, Shona runs that bit of the salon, though, so I'd need to check with her.
Alyson: OK, get back to me, see you Tuesday!
Chen: Will do, ring or text you tomorrow from the salon, bye!
Summary: Alyson is going to Greece this weekend. She books a manicure, pedicure and full wax at about 5 pm on Tuesday with Chen. Chen will check with Shona if Alyson can also have some tan at about 6 pm afterwards and will get back to Alyson.
Dialogue: Evan: i'd like a glass of wine
Evan: why don't you meet me at that place in the corner of 4th and evergreen
Kim: that actually sounds great :-D
Kim: is it a dressy place though?
Evan: no, you can wear jeans
Kim: let's meet in an hour
Summary: Kim and Evan will meet in an hour for a glass of wine in the corner of 4th and Evergreen.
