Dialogue: Cindy: <file_gif>
Ellie: Why are you so sad? Something’s happened?
Cindy: I don’t want to talk about it…
Ellie: Cheer up! Tomorrow’s another day 😊
Cindy: <file_video>
Cindy: Have you seen it? It’s viral on the internet
Ellie: Nope, but it’s very funny 😊
Ellie: <file_gif>
Summary: Cindy is sad but doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie is trying to cheer her up.
Dialogue: Andrea: where are you?
Micky: we're still in the car
Amanda: just in front of the restaurant
Iris: what? why?
Micky: discussing the surprise, there was some misunderstanding
Micky: so we will be there in 5 min
Andrea: ok
Summary: Amanda is already in front of the restaurant. Micky is still in the car, he will be there in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Anna: You tried to talk to Ethan?
Tyler: Why should I?
Anna: But you were good friends :(
Tyler: Ik, but What he did was unforgivable
Anna: Maybe you can settle things up? :)
Tyler: I havent done anything wrong, why should I even talk to him?
Anna: What did he actually do?
Tyler: He told lie to Emily that I am in relationship with someone else
Anna: Someone who?
Tyler: He said your name
Anna: Why is he doing such things?
Tyler: Idk, Maybe you can talk to him about that
Anna: I have never talked to him before
Tyler: Maybe you should, now
Anna: Ok will try to settle things up
Tyler: Idc
Anna: But its not good to leave things like this
Tyler: All I know is that, he should Call and say sorry to me
Anna: Please dont worry, we will do something about this
Summary: Tyler is upset with Ethan who lied to Emily about him being in a relationship with Anna. Anna wants Tyler to call Ethan but Tyler thinks Ethan should apologise to him.
Dialogue: Wayne: Hey guys, fancy a dinner together?
Sharon: Hey Wayne, splendid idea! I finish work at 6 so shall we say 8 downstairs?
Wayne: Yeah, sounds good to me
Paulina: Ofc, what are you cooking for us? 🤣
Wayne: Haha well, I was thinking of some pasta overcooked pasta with tuna…
Paulina: Mmm delicious 😷🤣🤣🤣
Paulina: I might bring my own food though
Paulina: LOL
Wayne: 😂
Paulina: Now seriously, I’ll be arriving late from work but I can make some salad. Can you cook the main meal?
Wayne: Yer no problem. I was thinking of buying some fish pies 🐟🐟🐟
Sharon: Oh that sounds good. I’ll bring some wine
Sharon: Red or white?
Wayne: I prefer white if it’s not a problem
Paulina: It’s fine by me
Sharon: Cool, will do
Wayne: Splendid. I’ll see you guys at 8 downstairs
Paulina: Yep. Looking forward
Summary: Wayne, Sharon and Paulina are meeting for dinner downstairs at 8. Wayne is buying fish cakes, Paulina is making a salad and Sharon is bringing some white wine.
Dialogue: Jeff: I got the book!
Marina: what book?
Jeff: the essays of Sontag
Marina: lol, they've been available at least since 1980s
Jeff: but the book from the library had been always borrowed
Terry: sure, everybody has it on the curriculum
Jean: good for you! scan it
Jeff: sure I will
Summary: Jeff managed to get the essays of Sontag from the library. The book had always been borrowed.
Dialogue: Maria: ok, people are leaving finally
Laura: so?
Maria: we can meet and talk
Tobi: in the library?
Maria: yes, if there's nobody, there's no problem
Laura: kind of true
Maria: i'll let you know when everybody's gone
Summary: Maria, Laura and Tobi will meet and talk in the library when people are gone.
Dialogue: Céline: hello! we just heard about the fire yesterday! are you ok? everyone is ok?
Hugo: yes, me Camilla and the kids are ok thank God. It was horrifying
Céline: I can only imagine! what happened exactly? the news aren't giving enough info for the moment
Hugo: apparently there is a crazy lady living in our building, that piece of shit set fire eveyrwhere!! we all woke up in fear and panic at 2 am
Céline: 😨
Céline: Oh my God! how can they let someone mentally unstable live alone in that building? I hope they catch her and take her to a mental hospital
Hugo:  I hope so too, she didn't look normal the few times I ran into her in the stairs. But I never imagined something to horrible happening in my building.
Céline: I know 😟 I am really sorry, if you need anything my door is always open to all of you.
Hugo: thanks Céline! I won't hesitate.
Céline: take care, I will call to check on you tomorrow.
Summary: Hugo's neighbour set their building on fire. Hugo and his family had to run from flames at 2 AM. Céline offered them help.
Dialogue: Elle: I'm quiting
Emma: what? why?
Emma: what happened??
Elle: the atmosphere in the office is unbearable!
Emma: your boss again?
Elle: yeah
Emma: don't you have like a person you can report on these incidents to?
Elle: we do but they are just as afraid of him as we are
Emma: dammit that's not right
Elle: :(
Emma: Well then start sending out some CVs
Elle: you think?
Emma: You'll find job in a minute!!
Summary: Elle quit her job because of some incidents with her boss. She is going to look for a new job.
Dialogue: Steve: hey Emma my dishwasher has turned up😁
Emma: thats good let me see
Steve: <file_photo>
Emma: that looks very posh lol
Steve: I know too posh for me right?
Emma: I didn't mean that
Steve: I know I was only joking
Emma: Did you install that yourself?
Steve: no they did it when they delivered it
Emma: that was good then
Steve: yes I was shocked when they said they was going to do it
Summary: Steve has a new dishwasher. It was installed right after delivery.
Dialogue: Kate: We're waiting at the Jarvits Center
Charlotte: Go to the bus stops across the street
Adam: I'm at the bus stop already
Kate: ok, I can see you, I'm coming 
Summary: Adam is at the bus stop. Kate will come there to pick up Adam.
Dialogue: Owen: What beer do you want? 😉
Jenna: Coors. But what's available?
Owen: Stella, coors, Peroni, Budweiser, carlsberg
Noah: Pe-Ro-Ni for the Italian 😜.
Owen: <file_photo> Enough?
Noah: For this week… 😂😂
Owen: Can someone come down to help 😉
Jenna: Wait. Coming!
Summary: Owen is buying beer. Jenna wants Coors, Noah Peroni.
Dialogue: Justin: hey, how are you?
Katie: hello <3 I'm drinking some beer and finally trying to do something with my earplugs. and you?
Justin: Oooo sounds cool. I had a very busy day, just spent the entire morning in the fields, you know, preparing everything for the winter
Katie: my poor :/ you must be really tired right now
Justin: yeah. I am...but I have a beer too B-) Cheers!
Katie: nice, I'm sure it'll cure you :D
Justin: I hope so
Katie: Love you <3
Justin: looove you <3 maybe we'll go to the cinema this week?
Katie: Oh, sounds awesome :D But on which day?
Justin: Don't know it yet. I'll check the programme first.
Katie: Sure. We could also go to the restaurant, or for a coffee
Justin: Of course, anywhere you want <3
Katie: Cool :D What are you doing now?
Justin: Just resting in front of TV, I'm so tired I literally don't feel my hands and legs
Katie: Very well, I hope you'll be sleeping well tonight
Justin: for sure, I always fall asleep quickly after a tiring day
Katie: Good to hear that. What time will you be home tomorrow?
Justin: Not sure but I guess that somehow in the evening, as always. 
Katie: Ok, just let me know cause I'd like to go and do some shopping cause we need some food.
Justin: Of course, we'll go together and buy everything we need. Food only?
Katie: I guess that apart from food we have everything...but I'll think again.
Justin: Cool. Ok I feel I need some shower. I'll call you soon after
Katie: sure, have a nice shower :D love you <3
Justin: Love you, 15min and I'm back 
Summary: Justin had a busy day in the fields preparing everything for the winter. Katie an Justin are resting drinking beer. Justin and Katie are going out this week. Justin and Katie are going grocery shopping tomorrow evening. Justin will call Katie after a shower.
Dialogue: Kelly: Hi Joe! You at the garage tomorrow morning? Think something's wrong with my clutch!
Joe: Kelly! Nice to hear from You! Yeah, course I'm there, every Saturday morning till the end of time! Bring your car over and I'll have a look at it. I'm deputy manager now, you know!
Kelly: ooh, moving up in the world, eh Joe! Pleased for you. I've had a promotion at the bank too, actually.
Joe: Great news, Kelly! How's lover boy?
Kelly: Oh, you mean my ex! We split up in August. We went away on hols for the first time and all he talked about for 2 whole weeks was kebabs! New recipes, his expansion plans for the van, street food, territories, all that. I'd had enough, to be honest!
Joe: pity, seemed like a nice guy, always gave me extra salad!
Kelly: yes, he was very free and easy with his extras too, was Adam! 
Joe: OK... well, I've met someone nice...do you remember Josie from school, she was in the year above us? Well, she brought in her car last July and we  just got talking.
Kelly: Oh yeah, I think I remember her...
Joe: turns out she's an accountant now, based in London and Rome!
Kelly: Oh my God, she must be rolling in cash! I am so jealous! What a life!
Joe: Really, your jealous!? Well we've had a lovely few months together. She's back in Rome now, I miss her so much!
Kelly: Oh Joe, it sounds great! I didn't tell you earlier that Adam is going out with a girl who works in Argos, and her uncle just happens to own a kebab shop In  town!
Joe: You're better off out of it, Kelly. Young, free and single, eh?
Kelly: Yep! See you tomorrow, Joe!
Joe: Bye!
Summary: Kelly wants Joe to take a look at her car as she has a problem with the clutch. Kelly split up with Adam in August. Joe has started seeing Josie from school.
Dialogue: Timothy: i've been walking soooooo much lately
Timothy: i've decided to do it for my health
Timothy: it's better than driving or taking the bus
Joanne: good for you! i'm glad you're looking out for your health :-D
Timothy: thanks j
Timothy: i've been walking so much that i've got calluses on my heel!!!
Timothy: is that too much information?
Joanne: yes!!! tmi!!!
Joanne: i didn't have to know about that
Joanne: but i still want to gve you props for taking your health seriously
Summary: Timothy has been walking a lot lately for her own health. She has calluses on her heel now.
Dialogue: Mark: Gentlemen! I dare say it's COFFEE TIME!
Luke: w00t!
Jake: Sry, can't now.
Mark: Y?
Jake: Boss needs to talk to me. 
Luke: Had the talk. Don't mention coffee.
Jake: Y?
Mark: You'll get talked down for coffee time ;)
Jake: Rly?
Luke: Apparently he doesn't approve of us taking long breaks from work :P
Mark: Lol
Jake: Gotta go! Looking at me meaningfully!
Luke: Well then, kind sir, shall we?
Mark: Of course we shall!
Jake: W8 for me!
Summary: Mark and Luke will take a coffee, and Jake needs to talk to the boss. He wants them to wait for him.
Dialogue: Tony: i will be late tomorrow
Tony: perhaps i will have to stay longer at work
Lisa: why?
Tony: we are finishing huge project
Lisa: so maybe we will meet another day?
Tony: no, just give me some time if i will be later than 7
Lisa: ok, so let's meet at 8, you will be on time and i will not be waiting for you
Tony: ok
Summary: Tony and Lisa were supposed to meet tomorrow at 7, but he will have to stay longer at work due to a project he's finishing. They decide to meet at 8.
Dialogue: Rick: Hi Bev
Beverly: Hi Rick
Rick: I couldn't come to class today because I had a medical appointment
Beverly: Oh! Are you ok?
Rick: Yes, I'm fine but I missed Ackerman's course and you know how tought that subject is
Beverly: And I guess you need my notes ;)
Rick: If possible, obviously
Beverly: No problem, I just have to rewrite them in Word because my handwriting is... well, you know it
Rick: Still better than mine :D
Beverly: And still not entirely readable ;) I will send you the file tomorrow, ok? I like to type all of my notes on the computer but it takes time
Rick: Ok, no problem, thank you in advance
Beverly: This made me think of that Polish friend of mine
Rick: Ah, Janusz! He always wrote "thank you from the mountain", was it some Polish play on words?
Beverly: Yes, he explained it to me once :) I really have to go now but I will send you the notes tomorrow in the afternoon, ok? Bye!
Rick: Ok, see you
Summary: Rick missed Ackerman's class today because of a medical appointment. Beverly will send him her notes tomorrow in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Janet: Tell Mike to come downstairs
Tim: Really?
Janet: What, I already got comfortable on the sofa :D
Janet: Tell him I have popcorn :>
Summary: Mike should come downstairs. Janet has some popcorn.
Dialogue: Hernandez: I am so full
Hernandez: I ate everything there was at home
Jorge: How come
Jorge: Did you go home like to your parents? 
Hernandez: yes
Jorge: you were just hungry then
Jorge: We're hungry you people studying working
Hernandez: I am exploding xd
Jorge: Chew a gum 
Summary: Hernandez has eaten a lot and he's full. 
Dialogue: Francis: I can't wait for the final season of Game of Thrones
Mike: Me too, but you know, I'd be happier to see The Winds of Winter
Francis: I know, GRRM is a scumbag XD
Mike: I hope he manages to finish both that and the seventh book :/
Francis: By the way, have you watched Nightflyers yet?
Mike: Nope... it's on Netflix, Right?
Francis: Yep
Mike: I heard the reviews aren't too favorable but who knows
Francis: I haven't watched it either, but am planning to do so over the weekend
Mike: Ok
Francis: I'll tell you if it's any good
Mike: Ok, thanks!
Summary: Francis and Mike are impatiently waiting  for the final season of Game of Thrones and The Winds of Winter. Francis will watch Nightflyers over the weekend and tell Mike if it is worth seeing.
Dialogue: Darline: How have you been?
Christy: I'm ok
Darline: Have you forgotten Haiti?
Christy: I could never forget about Haiti
Darline: When are you coming here?
Christy: I don't know
Christy: My husband also wants to come back
Christy: He really loved it
Darline: Last week it was pretty tense
Darline: This week it's calm
Christy: Manifestations?
Darline: manifestation with violence
Christy: I'm really sorry to hear that
Summary: Christy and her husband would like to revisit Darline in Haiti. Darlene mentions there sometimes are manifestations with violence. 
Dialogue: Jim: there are some cheap flights advertised 
Jim: in January
Lane: What date
Jim: 15-24
Matt: I'm away on 15th & 16th
Matt: Can you find something later on?
Jim: there is one on 20th
Matt: That'd be fine
Matt: What time does it land?
Jim: 8:15pm
Matt: Ok, I can pick you up
Jim: Lane, are you okay with 20th
Lane: sure, no problem
Jim: thanks
Jim: so I will see all of you soon
Lane: can't wait 
Jim: me too
Matt: bring me a few bottles of foreign goodies ;)
Jim: will do
Summary: Jim found cheap flights to visit Matt and Lane. He is flying in on the 20th, landing at 8:15pm. Matt will pick him up.
Dialogue: Jess: Tom! I’m so sorry! I don’t think I can make it today! I’m feeling pretty sick today.  Is it alright if we skip this week and meet at the same time next Tuesday ? 
Tom: Yes, that’s fine. Hope you feel better 😗
Jess: Thank you! You’re the best! 😘
Summary: Jess is feeling sick and won't be able to meet Tom today. They will meet at the same time next Tuesday. 
Dialogue: Nathaniel: There will be solar eclipse today! 
Ian: what is that?
Nathaniel: the passes through the shadow cast by the moon blocks the sun. （　´_ゝ`）
Nathaniel: what did you learn while in school? im so disappointed Σ(゜д゜;)
Ian: I know i didnt study that much while in school.┐('～`；)┌
Ian: so when is it?┌(；`～,)┐
Summary: Today, it's solar eclipse. Ian doesn't know what it is.
Dialogue: Maggie: hi Tom, sorry I'll be late for work today. I've overslept:(
Tom: Hi Maggie. Thanks for the message. OK, don't worry. What time do you think you'll arrive?
Maggie: about 9.30
Maggie: I hope
Tom: thats ok
Tom: I hope you'll be in time for our team meeting. 
Maggie: yep
Tom: Ok, take care and see you!
Summary: Maggie overslept. She is going to be late for work but will come on time for team meeting.
Dialogue: Carter: Hey Alexis, I just wanted to let you know that I had a really nice time with you tonight. 
Alexis: Thanks Carter. Yeah, I really enjoyed myself as well. 
Carter: If you are up for it, I would really like to see you again soon.
Alexis: Thanks Carter, I'm flattered. But I have a really busy week coming up.
Carter: Yeah, no worries. I totally understand. But if you ever want to go grab dinner again, just let me know. 
Alexis: Yeah of course. Thanks again for tonight. 
Carter: Sure. Have a great night. 
Summary: Alexis and Carter met tonight. Carter would like to meet again, but Alexis is busy.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Haay
Rebecca: <file_gif>
Gina: Hahaha you just made my day 😂
Gina: What's up girl? 
Rebecca: Not much just feeling silly 😂 Hbu?
Gina: YAFUD 😂
Rebecca: What happened? 
Gina: Everything goes wrong today
Rebecca: Here, I've got all the memes to cheer you up
Rebecca:  <file_other>
Rebecca: <file_other>
Summary: Rebecca tries to brighten Gina's day by sending her memes.
Dialogue: Lucas: <file_photo>
Ethan: oh man this spot is sick!! where is that
Lucas: croatia
Ethan: are you there now?
Henry: sick bro, i have seen it when i went to croatia too
Lucas: yeah I took a little vacation, it's so hot in here
Ethan: nice, and we are here stuck at work, thanks mate
Lucas: hahaha, there is time for holiday for everyone
Henry: i didn't go for holiday this year
Ethan: why not?
Henry: i mean i took time off work but we were renovating our apartment, don't you remember?
Lucas: i do... it was a mess...
Henry: <file_photo>
Ethan: hahaha ok now i remember - you guys look like a proper builders on that picture :D
Lucas: professionals, as always hahaha
Henry: never again dude, never again - next time i am hiring a crew lol
Summary: Lucas is on holidays in Croatia now. Ethan is stuck at work. Henry didn't go for holidays this year, because he was renovating his apartment during his time off. 
Dialogue: Claire: Pete met my parents yesterday!
Caroline: Awww, seriosuly? 
Claire: Yeah :D :)
Caroline: but was it planned? Did you go there for dinner??
Claire: Yep, my mum invited us <3
Caroline: Serious shit! lol how was it??
Claire: it was amazing! they were all tense at the beginning but it got better
Caroline: It's completely normal, I remember when Jack met my parents for the 1st time he was so stressed he almost didn't say a word haha
Claire: haha, it wasn't THAT bad :D And you know what?
Caroline: what?
Claire: It all felt so natural, really
Caroline: Awww :3
Claire: I'm so happy, you know?
Caroline: I hear wedding bells lalala
Claire: hahah stop it! :D
Summary: Pete met Claire's parents yesterday and it was amazing. Jack didn't say a word when he first met Caroline's parents. Caroline is happy for Claire and Pete.
Dialogue: Clark: hey do u know the code to write an array as a pointer 
Cristian: you have the internet right -_-
Clark: yeahh, so
Cristian: so search it on google dumbo
Clark: oh.. XD
Summary: Clark wants to know how to write an array as a pointer. Cristian suggest googling it.
Dialogue: Natasha: Mum's birthday is in two weeks
Joseph: I know. 
Joseph: I have no idea what to give her...
Hilda: Me neither 
Hilda: She has everything
Natasha: Maybe we should give her an experience 
Hilda: What do you mean?
Natasha: Last year for my birthday my friends took me out to do bungee jumping
Hilda: Mum wouldn't like that...
Natasha: Of course not 
Natasha: But we can think of a different experience
Hilda: Like a trip or something?
Joseph: I think mum would love a trip to Italy!
Natasha: What a great idea!!
Natasha: She loves Italy
Natasha: When did she go there last time?
Joseph: 5 years ago... I think
Joseph: Where should we take her?
Hilda: I think she really liked Venice.
Natasha: Lets do it! 
Summary: Natasha, Joseph and Hilda will take their mum for a trip to Italy as a birthday present.
Dialogue: Joe: have you seen that they are planning to close Victory Street?
Rob: what the fuck
Joe: yeah, they are doing some reconstruction, i think they will add tram rails there
Tim: are you kidding me? the traffic jams are going to be massive
Rob: worse than that... and i commute to work through Victory everyday
Joe: i know, that's why i am telling you
Rob: this is bullshit, and of course they are doing it now instead of during holidays or something
Tim: yeah it's always like that, no one cares about us lol
Joe: i am glad i can walk to work every day, this is a blessing
Summary: Victory Street will be closed for works which is a nuisance for Rob and Tim. Joe walks to work everyday so he remains unconcerned.
Dialogue: Mona: What about the weekend?
Lisa: I think we should go out.
Mona: Good idea. Saturday night?
Lisa: Definitely!
Mona: Cool!
Lisa: So where do we go?
Mona: Museum?
Lisa: You fucking sick or something?
Mona: I am talking about this new pub Museum on High Street.
Lisa: Oh, yeah! Right!
Summary: Mona and Lisa are going to the new pub called Museum on High Street Saturday night. 
Dialogue: Haley: anybodys seen the new plebs?
Aston: oh theres a new season. i had no idea
Craven: me neither is that any good
Haley: dunno just heard its on
Hall: ive seen it. all same with some changes
Peggy: true. hes seen it. the most primitive stuff ever!!!
Haley: i reckon women dont get this kind of humour
Peggy: im outta here. it totally sucks and i won't change my mind
Aston: so anyway what are the changes hall
Craven: exactly
Hall: so it starts with a bang but won;t tell ya what
Craven: the crew is no change
Hall: cant tell i mean it
Peggy: the tall idiot dies
Haley: i thought you're out peg
Aston: thx for the spoiler srsly
Haley: that changes a lot. anybody replaces him?
Aston: how he dies then?
Craven: any other changes hey?
Hall: basically you know the mst important change now
Peggy: and you dont need to watch the rest
Summary: Hall has seen the new season of the Plebs. Peggy despises the series. Haley, Aston and Craven are more than interested in changes. Peggy spoils the plot.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you walked the dog?
Theresa: yes! can we go now?
Lia: please! it's starting in 30 min
Anna: now you can :)
Summary: Theresa walked the dog, so she can go now.
Dialogue: Natalie: hi guys! We're preparing the party
Jeremy: great! will be fun!
Natalie: what do you want to drink?
Jeremy: whiskey?
Natalie: lol, are you Blake Carrington?
Jeremy: So you ask me what I want to drink, but then you say I can only drink beer?
Jeremy: quite a LOL
Natalie: ok, let it be whiskey, but I assume not everybody wants whiskey
Peter: I can drink beer or wine
Peter: I don't mind
Anne: I'll bring some vodka
Marzena: I'll bring some cherry liqueur made by my grandmother from Lublin
Anne: wow, sounds interesting!
Natalie: great!
Summary: Natalie is preparing the party. Jeremy wants to drink whiskey. Peter can drink beer or wine. Anne will bring some vodka. Marzena will bring some cherry liqueur made by her grandmother from Lublin.
Dialogue: Ania: Have you shown the new flat to mom and Daria? ;)
Ola: Yeah, today we went to check it out and measure everything. I want to buy a new sofa so I need to know the size. Daria said that there is a nice atmosphere, she liked the flat a lot :D
Ania: Awesome! Yeah, you probably have to order the sofa very soon
Ola: Yeah, it takes around four weeks
Ania: We were today at my friend's, she also moved in to a new flat recently
Ola: And how did you like it?
Ania: She renovated everything very nicely :) but she said she would never decide to make such a serious refurbishment again
Ola: Yeah, it's always a pain in the ass...
Ania: So it's awesome that you have everything ready to move in. Her renovation lasted 6 months
Ola: OMG! Must have been costly as well!
Ania: Yeah, I guess
Ola: And how big is her flat?
Ania: Around 40 sq m
Ola: Same as mine :))
Ania: It seemed quite spacious
Summary: Ola showed the new flat to mom and Daria today. Daria liked the flat. Ola will order a new sofa for the flat. Ania visited a friend today, who also bought and renovated a flat recently.The renovation lasted 6 months. The friend's flat is about 40 m2, just like Ola's.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Sophie
Sophie: Hi Chris
Chris: How r you doing today?
Sophie: Oh, fine thanks😉
Chris: Great, have plans for the evening? Maybe we can grab a dinner?
Sophie: That’d be great, but not today. I’ve got to catch up on work
Chris: Maybe tomorrow, then?
Sophie: Perfect!
Summary: Chris and Sophie are having a dinner together tomorrow.
Dialogue: Cathy: I'm having my hair cut today, keep your fingers crossed!
Martha: no way! Why?? You've got such beautiful hair 
Cathy: change is good for you, you know... plus it's a real nightmare to wash it every day
Martha: I see. Send pics right after, OK??
Cathy: Sure!
Martha: I'm thinking about going blonde, by the way. So well both look different, lol
Cathy: Blonde?? Awesome! 
Martha: it's just a thought but since you're making such radical changes maybe I should too 
Cathy: what would Tin have to say about it? 
Martha: He likes to try new things so he wouldn't mind terribly 
Cathy: and if he sure? 
Martha: Then that's too bad, LOL
Cathy: Look at you all tough and merciless 
Martha: #newyearnewme
Cathy: loool if you say so! 
Martha: I watch Oprah, you should do what you want in your life 
Cathy: oh dont you couch me now! :D 
Martha: You deserve happiness! 
Cathy: bye 
Martha: Be the best version of yourself! 
Cathy: ...
Martha: Love yourself!
Summary: Cathy is having her hair cut today, she wants a change and taking care of her long hair is difficult. Martha wants a change too and she's considering going blonde. 
Dialogue: Jerry: What do you call a three-mast ship?
Kurt: No idea. A schooner maybe? Or a frigate?
Jerry: Isn't a frigate bigger than a schooner though?
Julius: If I remember correctly, the name doesn't depend on the number of masts but on the type of sails. What do you need it for, a crossword?
Jerry: No, we're on holidays in Cornwall, we've just seen a ship and now we're arguing what type of ship it was ;)
Julius: Oh, okay. Sorry, I can't help you without knowing more details. Better yet, take a pic and send it to me. 
Summary: Jerry has seen a three-mast ship on holidays and wonders what that kind of ship is called. Julius and Kurt try to answer his question, but are not sure of the correct name. 
Dialogue: Lauren: Hi all! Could someone take the night shift for me this Friday? My child is sick.
Dennis: Again!
Lauren: Well, sorry, but it's not like I have any choice in the matter. When he's sick, he's sick.
Mickey: Shut up, Dennis, you're away this week anyway, so it's not like she was asking you. I can take that shift for you, Lauren, but could you take mine next Thursday? I have a doctor's appointment.
Lauren: No problem! And thank you, Mickey!
Summary: Mickey will take Lauren's shift this Friday. Lauren will take Mickey's shift next Thursday in exchange.
Dialogue: Olivia: just came back home
Kevin: were coming back just right now
Kevin: there was no seats in The Room
Jo: oh ;(
Jo: you found sth else for a lunch?
Deb: we grabbed some pancakes in Foodie
Jo: you liked the place?
Kevin: it was just ok
Summary: Deb and Kevin went to Foodie as there were no seats in The Room.
Dialogue: Kevin: Happy birthday Grandpa!
Kevin: <file_gif>
Grandpa: Thank you Kevin.
Kevin: I'll bring you something this afternoon
Kevin: I've made something for you
Grandpa: Super! But now you'd better pay attention to your teacher.
Grandpa: See you later kiddo.
Kevin: it's only maths, boring
Summary: Kevin will bring something for Grandpa's birthday this afternoon.
Dialogue: Charles: guys, where should we meet next year? The US or Europe?
Laura: I'll have a baby, I'd prefer here in the US
Charles: sorry, I completely forgot
Galina: So maybe we could come to your place, to Rhode Island?
Charles: I've never been there and I prefer this than another tiring and expensive metropolis 
Laura: perfect, I think you could stay at my place.
Laura: it would be perfectly convenient for me and the baby 
Charles: ok, decided by acclamation 
Laura: 😍
Summary: Since Laura will have a baby, she, Galina and Chares decide that next year they will meet at her place in Rhode Island. 
Dialogue: Susan: Can't wait to get home and hug youuu.
George: Me too babe :)
Susan: I'm leaving early today, almost finished with work.
George: I'll be waiting for you
Susan:😚
Summary: Susan is finishing work early today.
Dialogue: Ian: Have you thought about the long weekend yet?
Clarisse: not really. i was busy all day
Ian: we'd need to book tonite or 2moro
Clarisse: can we talk 2nite then?
Ian: ok, i'll send you some links
Clarisse: luv, i'm kind of busy now sorry
Ian: ok, tlak to you then 
Clarisse: yeah, take care
Summary: Clarisse wants to discuss the long weekend plans with Ian tonight.
Dialogue: Conrad: Hi, Grandma! I'm not sure what I should get for Grandpa's birthday, any suggestions?
Jasmine: Oh sweetie, he'll be happy even if you don't get him anything.
Jasmine: He just wants you to come see him! But there was some book he wanted, you should ask your mum. I can't remember the title, but I'm sure she knows, we were together when he brought it up.
Conrad: Oh! Thanks you so much, I'll ask her now!
Summary: Jasmine suggests that Conrad should ask his mother what book he should get for grandpa's birthday. 
Dialogue: Elisabeth: I would like you to stop contacting my boyfriend 
Mary: I'd like you to stop contacting me
Elisabeth: I don't care
Mary: Talk to my ass. you're blocked
Summary: Elisabeth wants Mary to stop contacting her boyfriend. Mary blocks Elisabeth.
Dialogue: Audrey: What are we watching tonight? Any ideas or preferences?
John: “Stranger Things”? You said you wanted to see this show.
Audrey: I watched two episodes yesterday and I think it’s totally overhyped. I’d rather watch “X-files”, if I was in the mood for UFO.
Audrey: How about something train-related?
John: NOOOO
John: We ALWAYS watch films about trains, conductors, train drivers and so on.
John: You’re obsessed with trains, it’s unhealthy.
Audrey: Check this out: <file_other>
John: REALLY?! “Train driver's diary”...?
John: Apparently my opinion doesn’t matter...
Audrey: Ok, I’ll watch it on my own.
Audrey: So what do you want?
John: How about something by Tarantino? “Django Unchined” or “Grindhouse”?
Audrey: You know that I DETEST Tarantino, but apparently my opinion doesn’t matter...
Summary: Audrey and John are trying to figure out what to watch tonight.
Dialogue: Matilda: Hey!! How about going to the movies tomorrow?😺😺😺😺
Matilda: Maybe it's kinda unexpected but let’s spend some good time together! 😻😻
Dillon: Of course! If it’s you who suggests, I’m always in! 😉😉
Matilda: Ooooopppss! Shit! I’m sorry I got confused between the same names. I was supposed to send this message to the other “Dillon” (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Dillon: w...e...lll.....
Matilda: Sorry again! (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
Summary: Matilda wants to go to the cinema with Dillon. She wrote to the wrong person.
Dialogue: Miko: Where are you?
Jimmy: at the concert
Miko: right! I forgot, sorry
Serena: we can meet afterwards
Miko: great! call me
Summary: Jimmy is at the concert. Serena will call Miko to meet him later.
Dialogue: Sylvia: hey! are we still up for tonight?
Sandy: yes of course!
Sandy: when do you want me to drop by?
Sylvia: hmm let's say 7ish?
Sandy: that works for me.
Sylvia: cool, see you later 😘
Summary: Sylvia will meet Sandy tonight around 7 o'clock.
Dialogue: Kane: Hey
Kane: I'mm lokking for someone from HR
Hank: What do you need?
Kane: I'm starting a project and I need some input 
Hank: Can you give me some more details
Kane: not at this point sorry
Hank: could be difficult if I don't have any details 
Hank: anything I could pass along to this person?
Kane: the project will start in March 2019
Kane: This person can work with us online
Kane: would just need to come to 3 meetings
Kane: first meeting is January 6th
Hank: Ok, I think Maya could be someone who could be interested
Kane: oh and this person has to have experience in finance
Hank: ok, so Maya is out
Hank: Maybe Peter will be up for it
Hank: I'll ask
Kane: Thanks
Hank: what are you willing to pay?
Kane: that's negotiable
Hank: Ok I'll ask and let you know 
Summary: Kane is looking for an HR person experienced in finance. Kane needs him or her to start from March 2019. Hank will ask Peter if he's interested.
Dialogue: Monica: Quick question.
Jessie: Shoot.
Monica: I’ve got to choose a dress for tonight.
Jessie: And...?
Monica: And I’ve got a dilemma:-) 
Jessie: Oh, c’mon, show it! 
Monica: Blue  <file_photo> or red <file_photo> ?
Jessie: Blue of course, are you blind?! ;-)
Monica: I knew you’d help me;-) Thx!
Jessie: No problem ;-)
Summary: Jessie has chosen a blue dress for Monica to wear tonight.
Dialogue: Monica: If you could change your closet with any girl at school who would that be?
Serena: Alexa!!
Monica: Yeah, she has a great style
Monica: But for me it's too much
Monica: I mean she's all about clothes
Monica: And you see her outfits, but you don't see her as a person
Serena: I know what you mean
Serena: But still, she's the best dressed by far
Serena: If I could change clothes, I'd change with her
Serena: And you?
Monica: Maybe with Mia
Serena: I wouldn't have guessed
Serena: She has such a different style. Nothing to do with what you wear
Monica: That's why. I'd like to feel how it is to wear all the girly things 
Serena: I cannot even imagine you in a dress...
Summary: If Serena could change clothes with any girl at school she would choose Alexa. Monica would choose Mia. Monica's and Mia's styles are very different.
Dialogue: Madison: Oh God, it's hot!
Erick: yep
Madison: How do u cope?
Erick: Climatised office. 
Madison: Lucky you!
Erick: yep
Madison: I'm at home with the baby and I'm starting to worry about him. 
Erick: You should go away from the city. 
Madison: I know. I'm just waiting for Tom to come back from this business trip to get us away to the countryside. 
Erick: And when he's coming back?
Madison: In two days. 
Erick: That's a bit of time.
Madison: yeah, I know..
Erick: If you like, I can take you both wherever you're going.
Madison: That's very nice of you, but I don't mean to be any trouble.
Erick: It's no trouble at all. Think about the kid.
Madison: u r probably right...
Erick: U see. 
Erick: today I'm finishing around 19:00. I can come straight afterwards. 
Madison: That would be perfect. 
Erick: that's setteled then!
Erick: Where do you go?
Madison: ma parent's house, in the lake district
Erick: yeah, I know. Been there with Tom once or twice.
Madison: It's about 2 or 3 hours ride.
Erick: I remeber. Do you think I could stay the night there?
Madison: Of course, there plenty of room and Tom's parents will be pleased. 
Erick: ok. I'll grab pijamas from the office.
Madison: ??? U have pijamas at the office?
Erick: Don't ask questions if u don't want to know the answer! ;)
Summary: Erick will pick Madison up after 19:00. He will drive Madison to the house of Tom's parents in the Lake District and stay there for the night.
Dialogue: Carrie: Did you listen to the JP Cooper yet?
Tank: No, been listening to Pumpkins. It's good.
Carrie: Oh, right, I got that too. It's so short!
Tank: Thought it was just me!
Carrie: Only 32 minutes according to iTunes. Pretty short for an album.
Tank: Yeah, maybe we listen to too many greatest hits! LOL!
Carrie: Possibly!
Tank: What is this album you're talking about?
Carrie: JP Cooper, just heard one track in the pub and looked it up but I quite like it.
Tank: Is it Raised Under Grey Skies?
Carrie: That's the one. The song is She's On My Mind.
Tank: K thx!
Summary: The Pumpkins album is good but so short. Carrie likes "She's On My Mind" by JP Cooper.
Dialogue: Martha: Guys, I can't find you
Tom: We are at the rare!
Peter: Martha, stay at the entrance, I'm on the way to pick you up.
Martha: 😍 Thanks
Summary: Martha, Tom and Peter are meeting up. Peter is picking her up.
Dialogue: Josephine: What do you want to eat tonight?
Jerry: All is good mum
Chris: I would love to eat some meat
Josephine: I wanted to make baked duck
Jerry: Awesome!
Chris: Cool. Thanks mum :*
Josephine: The dinner will be ready at 7. 
Summary: Josephine will bake a duck for tonight's dinner at 7.00 with Chris and Jerry.
Dialogue: Ollie: Did you get me e-mail
Hank: Don't know
Hank: haven't had time to check
Ollie: please do it's very imp!
Hank: Ok I'll check and get back to you
Ollie: thanks
Summary: Hank has to check his email, because he should have received an important message.
Dialogue: William: Why on earth did i wake up so early on a day off?
Jo: go back to sleep!
William: easier said than done! i can’t! 
Gina: go off FB!
Karen: read a boring book and you’ll get back to sleep
Gina: Ok, it’s 7 o’clock now. Not so early. Are u still awake?
Summary: William wakes up too early and cannot go back to sleep. Gina and Karen tell William what he can do.
Dialogue: Olivia: Are you at work yet? 
Noah: Yes. Just arrived.
Olivia: Okay. It will keep.
Summary: Noah has just arrived to work.
Dialogue: Piper: I'm so proud of myself :-D
Piper: I've wrapped all the gifts and sent out all of my Christmas cards
Piper: <file_gif>
Rita: good god
Rita: did you take speed or what?
Piper: hahaha 
Piper: no, but I did have 2 coffees
Rita: I haven't even been shopping yet lol
Piper: D:
Piper: there's only 7 days left!!
Rita: Gift cards for everyone!
Summary: Piper has already wrapped all the Christmas gifts and sent all Christmas cards. Rita hasn't been shopping yet and she plans to get gift cards for everyone. 
Dialogue: Sam: :(
Pam: what's up, sweetie?
Sam: we argued again....
Joe: again? :(
Joe: Why?
Sam: my parents, as usual...
Sam: they are pressing us to get married 
Pam: and he doesn't like it, right?
Sam: right....
Joe: but you're adults and your parents cant tell you what you should do
Sam: yeah, but you know them....
Joe: right. But try not to worry and live your life!
Summary: Sam argued with her partner about her parents pressing them for wedding. Joe advices that they should live their lives and not listen what to do. 
Dialogue: Franklin: same place at the same time?
Jack: absolutely, today's match will be thrilling
Jeff: I'm making sure that we won't run out of "liquids"
Franklin: haha
Jack: :D
Summary: Franklin, Jack and Jeff are going to see a match. 
Dialogue: Dad:  Hello love can I pop over to collect my drill?
Sue: Hi dad, yes of course what are you drilling?
Dad: I just need to fix this bloody towel rail in the downstairs loo
Sue:  Well Im in all afternoon
Dad:  ok love I should be over for 3, will the boys be back from school?
Sue: Thomas will be but Harry is going to football practice straight from school
Sue: you can stay for tea if you like?
Dad: Can I let you know later love?
Sue: Yes of course see up after 3 xxx
Summary: Dad wants to come over to Sue's to collect his drill, which he needs to fix a towel rail downstairs. Sue will be at home all afternoon. Dad will pop in at about 3. Thomas will be back from school then, and Harry will have football practice. Sue invites her dad for tea, he will let her know later.
Dialogue: Daisy: how was the exam?
Adrian: Not so bad.
Daisy: any details?
Adrian: hmm... it included information from every copy.
Daisy: What a bummer... at least I have all photocopies.
Adrian: just to let you know, retake is next week.
Daisy: I have plenty of time :P
Adrian: yep
Summary: The exam Adrian took included information from every copy. Retake is next week.
Dialogue: Alvaro: How was your day?
Paulina: Good, went to the gym, did some shopping, studied a bit ^^
Alvaro: A busy day!
Paulina: Haha it’s nothing, no work so I consider it to be pretty chill :D
Alvaro: ;)
Summary: Paulina went to the gym, did some shopping and studied today.
Dialogue: Cathy: Would you pick us up babe?
Joe: Now?
Caroline: Yeah now:D We're ready dad
Joe: Sure, be there in 20
Summary: Joe will pick Caroline and Cathy up in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Sylvia: Hiya, are those Gap shoes still available?
Alana: yes
Sylvia: What size are they again please?
Alana: infant 6
Sylvia: I'd like them then please!
Alana: great, when can you collect?
Sylvia: Tomorrow around 8 or saturday morning. Are you around any of those days?
Alana: Tomorrow 8pm is fine, its 14, BS6 5TG
Sylvia: ok, see you tomorrow!
Summary: Sylvia is going to pick up the Gap shoes, infant 6 tomorrow a 8 pm. Alana will meet her.
Dialogue: Helen: Buy some chicken on your way back home
Helen: I've got an idea for an excellent dinner :)
John: Hmm, sounds mysterious!
John: What's it gonna be?
Helen: It's called 'Shoyu Chicken', Nancy told me her secret recipe :)
John: Sounds like some Chinese special
Helen: And I'll surprise you here because it's actually a popular Hawaiian dish!
John: I'm confused
John: But can't wait to see it on my plate!
Helen: Just don't forget to buy what I've asked
John: You got it!
Summary: Helen will prepare a Hawaiian dish for dinner, but she needs John to buy some chicken on his way back home.
Dialogue: Jackie: Are you going to this party at the uni?
James: seems super boring
Micky: very lame indeed
Sean: I may have a look, I have to be there anyway?
Jackie: why?
Sean: I have an oral exam at 7PM at the department
Jackie: ok, so I'll join you
Sean: ok
Summary: Sean has an oral exam at 7 pm at the department. He'll have a look on the party at the university. Jackie will join him.
Dialogue: Lucy: Dad, I need a new mattress.
Mark: Oh, darling, not again...
Lucy: But dad.. this time I REALLY do!!! 
Mark: What's the matter with your old one?
Lucy: It's not comfortable.
Mark: It seems fine to me.
Lucy: Yeah, because you don’t sleep on it.
Mark: Hey, don’t talk back like that, young lady!
Lucy: I’m sorry, dad, I just don’t feel well-rested t in the morning. 
Mark: Can’t sleep at night?
Lucy: No, I toss and turn all night.
Mark: You should stop drinking coffee;-))
Lucy: Look at these marks on my arms <file_photo>.
Mark: What are they?
Lucy: They are bites.
Mark: Did the cat bite you?
Lucy: Noooo! I think bedbugs in that mattress bit me.
Mark: Okay. Let's get a new mattress. Without bedbugs ;-) Be ready in 10 minutes.
Lucy: Love you dad! :-)
Summary: Mark will pick Lucy up in 10 minutes and they will buy a new mattress. 
Dialogue: Bobby: Wanna go see a movie?
Freddie: What are they playing?
Bobby: I was thinking about a star is born
Freddie: srsl?
Bobby: why not :D
Freddie: sounds a bit gay
Bobby: omg you always say that and then you actually enjoy the movie
Freddie: let me google it
Bobby: I've heard it's good even if you do not suffer from testosterone deficit
Freddie: XD Ok it's got amazing reviews let's do it
Bobby: 7 or 9pm?
Freddie: I gotta work tomorrow morning so 7 the latest
Bobby: Ok I'l book it
Freddie: Is it just the two of us or you want someone else to join the party
Bobby: Mike?
Freddie: Sure
Bobby: Sam?
Freddie: not Sam
Bobby: the loud chewing?
Freddie: the LOUDEST chewing :D
Summary: Bobby and Freddie are going to see "A Star is Born" in the cinema at 7pm. The movie has very good reviews. They're going to invite Mike as well.
Dialogue: Rick: This is just a reminder that the training schedule has changed this week. Please see our Facebook page for the changes.
Tom: Ok, thank you for the message. Have a good night.
Rick: Thank you, you too.
Summary: Rick reminds Tom that the training schedule has changed this week.
Dialogue: Maggie: I don’t know what to do. I’ve got that terrible stain on my dress. And no money to buy a new one.
Angela: What happened?
Maggie: I’ve spilled some wine and I forgot and now the stain is soooo set 
Angela: You should take it to the dry cleaner.
Maggie: I’m not sure if this is going to work.
Angela: don’t worry. They’ll figure it out. 
Maggie: ok, I’ll take it tomorrow. Will see what they’re going to say. Which dry cleaner?
Angela: Oh, the one I take my stuff. The Codds’. They do really good job there.  
Maggie: ok, can you send me the address? 
Angela: Sure, I’ll send you their v-card.  
Maggie: Cool thank you!
Summary: Maggie is going to take her stained dress to the Codds' drycleaner that Angela recommends. Angela will share their contact details. 
Dialogue: Sharon: Hey, we're all good, thanks Hun
Sharon: The boys have both just had chicken pox which wasn't very nice but they are over it now.
Lia: that's a shame, but I'm glad they're over it now
Sharon: thanks
Sharon: things between jack and I have been strained but are much much better now he has the boys at his house once a week
Lia: Good, so they stay with him once a week?
Sharon: yeah or twice sometimes
Lia: means you have some time off
Sharon: yes! bless him
Sharon: and how are things over there?
Lia: I'm settling in  again, going to be fine I guess
Sharon: I'm glad Natalia is taking it all in her stride
Lia: i've heard he is coming over with the boys?
Sharon: Yes he is coming may17-24 as it's Dominic's communion
Lia: alright
Sharon: I think he's going to struggle travelling with both of them on his own
Lia: but he stil wants to come?
Sharon: yeah
Lia: hopefully I will get to see them
Summary: Sharon's sons recovered from chicken pox. Her relation with Jack improved since he takes the boys once or twice a week. Lia is settling in again.
Dialogue: Tom: Anyone wants to watch the game tonight?
Peter: where?
Tom: My place 8pm. byob ;)
Rachel: Are girls invited? :)
Tom: Sure!
Peter: I'll join you around 9:00 pm
Summary: Tom and Rachel with watch the game tonight at Tom's place at 8 pm. Peter will join them around 9 pm.
Dialogue: Sandy: Hi Pearl, When are the next cooking sessions? I scheduled one for tomorrow, but I have no news?
Pearl: Sorry Sandy. I'm not in town. I hope i could start again in march
Sandy: Thanks. No problem I wanted to be sure not to miss something
Pearl: I'll be back with a fantastic program... be ready
Sandy: I am..
Summary: Pearl will be back with a new cooking programme in March. 
Dialogue: Jimmy: Anyone up for a beer?
Tom: Yep, for sure
Rick: oh boy, definitely
Rick: This week chewed me up, swallowed and then threw up on a sidewalk
Jimmy: damn! It's a date then, 7pm at Morty's?
Rick: sure
Summary: Jimmy, Tom and Rick are meeting for a beer at 7 p.m. at Morty's.
Dialogue: Isabella: Emma!
Emma: Isabella?!
Emma: what's going on?
Isabella: nothing, I'm just glad to see you online :)
Emma: it's just for a moment but I'll be back in the evening
Isabella: alright, we'll talk later :)
Summary: Isabella notices Emma is online but she has no time now. They will talk in the evening.
Dialogue: Penelope: <file_photo>
Penelope: should I buy it or not?
Julia: how much?
Penelope: 40$
Kate: pretty but too expensive
Julia: yeah...it's too much :/
Summary: The clothing is pretty, but also too expensive.
Dialogue: Hugh: I'm going fishing on Sunday, who's coming with me?
Jim: I'll go, as long as you lend me one of your fishing rods.
Hugh: Sure, you got it.
Mark: Sorry, it's my parents' wedding anniversary. Can't we postpone it?
Hugh: I'm leaving on vacation next week. But we can go again when I'm back.
Fred: I can go. And we could take my car, it's big enough for the three of us and all our stuff.
Jim: Does beer count as stuff? I got a new portable fridge and I'm going to try it out.
Fred: Hey, that's not fair, I can't drink if I'm the driver!
Hugh: We're really sorry for you. Jim, of course we'll test your fridge!
Jim: We can pack some coke for you, Freddie!
Mark: I really hate you, guys!
Fred: Me too! Next time it's Jim's turn to drive!
Summary: Hugh will go fishing with Jim and Fred. They will take Fred's car and he is going to drive. 
Dialogue: Ronald: Hi mate
Clyde: Hello. Where are U?
Ronald: Kingston
Clyde: Get a taxi to Canterbury haha!
Ronald: Are you paying?
Clyde: yeh, if you get out of the taxi at the train station and run as fast as you can south, I'll meet you with some money ;)
Ronald: LOL :) 
Summary: Ronald is in Kingston.
Dialogue: Lisa: Check this!
Lisa: <file_video>
Kate: what’s this?
Lisa: Rick’s new song. It’s gorgeous, isn’t it?
Kate: Give me a while…
Lisa: Ok, I’m going to Sandy
Kate: See u!
Summary: Lisa sent a video of Rick’s new song to Kate. Lisa thinks it's amazing.
Dialogue: Janet: Hello ladies!!! I have an announcement! Today I just got a call from the tourist office and they said that they're offering us a stay in Turkey!
Janet: Tell me what you think, who's for, who's against
Janet: <file_other> Here's the programme of the trip
Rose: Isn't Turkey a bit... dangerous?
Hannah: I've heard there's a war in Turkey
Sophie: War? Who told you that?
Hannah: It's all over the news
Sophie: I don't know what kind of news you're listening to ;) I'm all up for Turkey. Where exactly would we go?
Janet: First of all, there isn't any war in Turkey. Second, it's not dangerous, MFA says it's even less dangerous than France
Rose: But is it really? I'm not sure, I'd prefer to go to Europe
Sophie: Turkey is also in Europe ;)
Janet: We'd go to the west part of the country, which is known to be more modern and European. Also, it's very touristy, so I don't think it's dangerous
Rose: I love the programme Janet, but I'm not really sure... I'll think about it
Sophie: Count me in. I've been to Turkey numerous times and loved it - I haven't been to western part, so it sounds great! Will there be any additional trips?
Janet: I believe so. The office is still preparing a separate offer for us
Hannah: It seems like a good idea. Like Rose I'm not so sure about Turkey, but if Sophie says it's nice...
Sophie: <file_photo>
Sophie: Look how beautiful it is! Come on girls, we'll go there to work out!
Janet: That's the spirit Sophie! I've been there couple of times, I checked the hotel and it's good standard, very pleasant place
Rose: Ok, I'll let you know as soon as possible. When's the deadline?
Janet: I need to complete the list at the end of this month, so there's still time - unless I get enough participants before that date. There are only 20 places ;)
Sophie: You can already count me in
Hannah: I'll let you know at the end of this week, ok? But I think I'll go
Summary: The tourist office has offered Janet, Rose, Hannah and Sophie and the others a stay in Turkey. Janet needs to complete the list of participants at the end of the month. There are 20 places. Sophie will join.
