Dialogue: Karen: <file_photo>
Mike: WHAT IS THAT?!
Karen: Guess.
Mike: I don't know... o.O
Karen: Someone we both know.
Mike: Could it be...?
Karen: yeah?
Mike: is that STEVE?
Karen: yep, lol!!!!!
Mike: No way! He told me he got drunk but this is another level.... xD
Karen: It certainly is...
Mike: I'm gonna cherish it until my last breath.
Summary: Karen shared a photo of drunk Steve with Mike.
Dialogue: Rebecca:  Timmy!
Rebecca:  Timothy? R U there?
Timothy: Yeah, I'm on a meeting though
Rebecca: I forgot, so sorry. But I have a problem
Timothy: Can it wait till the end of the meeting?
Rebecca: Yes it totally can, I'll just send you a pic
Rebecca: <file_photo>
Rebecca: So that you know what I'm talking about when you come to me :)
Timothy: Thanks, I think I know already where the problem is :D
Rebecca: I knew I could count on you! :D
Summary: Timothy will help Rebecca with her problem after his meeting is over.
Dialogue: Nico: Hi Shuhui, Here is Ginny's (the organizer person)'s number: 01523 64728. Call her and she should tell you everything you want ot know :)
Shuhui: Thanks Nico! When I call her, should I just ask for 'Ginny' or would that seem impolite/informal? Also, it's not on this Tuesday, is it? 'Cause of the half term'?
Nico: No, pf course it's not on during half term - if it was she woldn't be too happy to know that I'm in Scotland
Nico: I suggest that you say something under the lines off:
Nico: "Hi, I heard about Drama Factory from a friend - she tells me it's really good. I was wondering whether I could join some classes..."
Nico: Don't worry though, although Ginny can be scary she won't bite your head off
Summary: In order to join Ginny's classes after the half term, Shuhui has to contact her.
Dialogue: Ellie: Aly! how's it going?
Alyssa: hi! I'm slowly getting used to the new place
Ellie: we miss you here
Alyssa: I miss you all as well
Ellie: come back then :P
Alyssa: you know I can't :)
Alyssa: not yet anyway
Ellie: I know...
Ellie: so how is it living in a new country?
Alyssa: weird
Alyssa: the place is beautiful but I can't understand the language
Alyssa: and I'm constantly stressed that I'll do something inappropriate
Ellie: you're smart, you'll get used to it
Alyssa: I hope so
Alyssa: my work is providing me with languages classes
Alyssa: so it should be better once I start to understand more
Ellie: how's work btw?
Alyssa: can't complain
Alyssa: everyone is very helpful especially my manager
Ellie: that's good
Ellie: after all that work was the main reason you left
Alyssa: it still is
Alyssa: but seriously the whole place is really beautiful
Alyssa: you should definitely come and visit me when you'll have time
Ellie: I will
Summary: Alyssa moved out to a beautiful place, but she doesn't understand the language people speak there. She started a new job and attends language classes. Ellie will visit her some day.
Dialogue: Matt: you should take a look at this article:
Matt: <file_other>
Robert: what is it about?
Matt: WWII, Pacific Campaign
Robert: sounds interesting
Matt: you did like the TV series
Robert: of course
Robert: I'll take a look at it when I'll have time
Matt: it's not very detailed but it points you towards some great sources
Robert: I still have two books I bought that I didn't have the time to read
Robert: it will only end in me buying more and not having the time to read them :P
Matt: someday you will ;)
Robert: I hope so
Robert: right now I just play some documentaries in the background
Robert: so I can listen to them while doing other stuff
Matt: do you even remember anything from that?
Robert: surprisingly yes
Robert: of course it's not the same as reading a book or actually watching the whole thing
Robert: but it's still better than nothing!
Matt: can't really argue with that
Robert: then don't :P
Matt: I wasn't going to :)
Matt: anyway just take a look at the article when you'll have the time
Matt: I think you'll enjoy it
Robert: I will
Robert: thanks!
Summary: Matt sent Robert an article about WWII, Pacific Campaign. Robert will look at it when he will have more time. 
Dialogue: Martin: I told you we can win this!
Trevor: Sorry, sometimes I don't have faith in our team.
Vince: You scored a lot of three-pointers!
Martin: ya, ur da man!
Trevor: Thanks guys, I owe you one.
Vince: We're brothers
Trevor: Let's focus on the next match.
Summary: Trevor and Martin's team won the match. Trevor, Martin and Vince are very happy about that.
Dialogue: Amanda: do you have tickets for Metallica concert?
Megan: Good evening! I will check, please give me few minutes
Megan: Thank you for waiting! Yes, tickets still available.
Amanda: cool! I'd like to get 4 tickets then
Megan: Of course, I will book 4 tickets for you. Payment can be done through our website according to the instruction in the file I am sending you right now
Megan: <file_photo>
Megan: Just to remind, you have 24 hours to pay, after that period of time your booked tickets will not be available and you will have to book them again
Amanda: I will do it right away, thank you!
Megan: Thank you, have a nice day!
Summary: Amanda booked 4 tickets for Metallica concert.
Dialogue: Lucas: Anybody going to play chess after school?
Zara: You're obsessed. Seriously. Stop.
Lucas: I'm not! It's just fun!
Zara: I disagree; nothing fun about it.
Lucas: There is. Strategy and tension and competition!
Zara: So play football!
Lucas: I can't! Bad knees!
Zara: Oh brother!
Lucas: It's true!
Zara: Def not cool to play chess.
Lucas: That's what you say.
Zara: Yep.
Lucas: I happen to know that some of the smartest people play chess.
Zara: So what?
Lucas: So, smart is cool.
Zara: No it isn't!
Lucas: It is to me!
Zara: Fine. Go be smart!
Lucas: I will. You be dumb!
Zara: But cool! LOL!
Lucas: No way!
Summary: Lucas is going to play chess after school. Zara recons it's an obsession.
Dialogue: Noah: Great teamwork everyone! #dreamteam
Jack: So proud of ourselves! ;)
Emily: I'm so glad i work with u guys! x
Harry: Indeed, great teamwork!
Olivia: Well done all!
Jack: we nailed it!
George: Good job!
Kelly: thank you all! xxx
Summary: Noah, Jack, Emily, Harry, Olivia, George and Kelly has worked together as a team and it was succesful.
Dialogue: Betty: Paul I'm with Granny at the doctor's now. She says she lost her hearing aid, could you look for it?
Paul: I'll do my best, the electrician will be here any minute though
Betty: I hope it doesn't get crushed or something
Paul: I'm just wondering where she could have lost it
Betty: Try her bedroom first
Paul: Been there
Betty: Bathroom and kitchen?
Paul: Yeah, gimmie some time
Betty: Just let me know when you find it
Paul: Got it! It was on Toby's pillow! Hairy bugger!
Betty: That's wonderful, put it somewhere safe!
Paul: Consider it done :)
Summary: Betty is at the doctor's with Granny. Paul is looking for Granny's hearing aid and finds it on Toby's pillow.
Dialogue: Roger: What's up bro, haven't heard from you in a while.
Ben: Hey hey! Yeah I've been a little off the radar lately :p
Roger: Busy with the flying course?
Ben: Exactly.. I actually just landed, everyting went smooth and did 6 landings.
Roger: That's sooo cool :D Mr.Captain ahhaah
Ben: Not yet, but soon 😏 
Roger: Well I couldn't do such a thing, too much responsability in my hands..
Ben: ahaah it's not everyone I guess. And how are you?
Roger: I'm good thanks for asking. Selling cars as usual and business is doing great! 
Ben: Glad to hear that 👍 I heard there's a new model being announced for next month.
Roger: That's going to be a major boost in sales for sure, the car is just beautiful and performance wise is ridiculous.
Ben: Uhuh exciting! 
Roger: I have been meaning to ask if, are you planning any holiday trip this year?
Ben: Indeed I am bro. Thinking about going to Ibiza, never been there and it looks awesome.
Roger: Of course it's awesome, you got the beach, sun, girls, mad parties every day and night, who doesn't wanna go? xD´
Ben: Seems like someone's been there..
Roger: ahaah nah but some friends went there and that was their description of the place :p
Ben: Sounds like I should really go then ehehe. If you wanna join me I haven't talked with anyone else about it yet 💪
Roger: Oh yeah! Exactly my plan, it's been ages since our last trip say whaaaaat.
Ben: ahahahah getting excited about this! I'll call you later so we can talk better about it alright?
Roger: Alright! Talk to you later dude.
Summary: Ben is busy with the flying course. Roger sells cars and business is doing great. Ben and Roger want to go to Ibiza. Ben will call Roger to talk about their holiday later.
