Dialogue: Harry: Do you have any car dealers you could recommend?
John: Huge news - are you buying a car?
Harry: I intend to
Sarah: Old or new?
Harry: I don't mind an old one, unless it's like twenty years old
Olivia: I think you may get a better deal if you go outside the city
John: Hm, I know a good one in Chelsea, but I don't think they're selling old cars
Harry: I don't have a lot of money and it will be my first car, so I don't want anything too fancy
Olivia: Sounds like you shouldn't get anything brand new ;)
Sarah: Do you have any other preferences?
Harry: I was thinking automatic, diesel?
Sarah: Why diesel?
Harry: Hm, I guess it's more economic in the long run and more eco friendly
John: And the automatic gearbox? You're 25 not 90 :D
Harry: Yes and that's why I want to be comfortable. I used to think like you and didn't want to even try the automatic, but I've been driving Lucy's car for months now and it's brilliant
Olivia: I get what you mean, automatic all the way
Sarah: Have you checked on Facebook or ebay? Maybe someone's selling
Harry: I did, it was the first thing I did, but then... I'm not sure, I'm afraid I'm going to get scammed
John: I can go with you, just in case
Harry: Thanks man! But where to? :D
Olivia: <file_other> here's the list of 10 best car dealers in Greater London, you should check them out
Sarah: I'd go online if I were you, far easier ;)
Summary: Harry is looking for a car dealer. He wants to buy an automatic or a diesel. John can go with him to the car dealer.
Dialogue: Amy: <file_photo>
Amy: <file_photo>
Amy: <file_photo>
Amy: interested? ;)
Gina: what is this?
Amy: I won't wear them anymore
Gina: are you sure?
Amy: pretty sure
Amy: <file_photo>
Amy: this is my wardrobe now and I love it! :D
Gina: wow... what are you Marie Kondo?? ;) 
Amy: sort of ;)
Gina: I love the blue one
Amy: try it on, it's perfect for you
Amy: I'll bring it on Sunday
Gina: what are you going to wear now? :)
Gina: or are you going shopping???
Amy: haha no... not before spring
Summary: Amy will bring her old clothes to Gina on Sunday. Amy sent Gina photos of her new clothes. 
Dialogue: Dan: Ever thought about just leaving it all behind and leaving for Patagonia?
Chris: that's an... interesting question
Dan: so have you?
Chris: well, i did not think about patagonia
Dan: good
Dan: I also prefer victoria island
Chris: lol. everything alright with you pal?
Dan: just got an essay to hand in so thinking about the universe and where i'd be happier than in front of the screen
Chris: is it... anywhere?
Dan: jackpot. i'll get back to work then
Chris: GL
Summary: Dan has to prepare an essay and he is thinking if not leaving everything and where it would be better to live.
Dialogue: Reece: Have you bought toilette paper?
Victoria: Nope. I forgot.
Reece: Just great. Are we going to use our clothes because you're too lazy?
Victoria: I'll come back to Tesco and get some.
Reece: I hope so.
Victoria: BUT YOU'RE A BITCH :*
Summary: Victoria forgot to buy toilet paper, so she will get back to Tesco to get some. 
Dialogue: Thierry: Hello young people, how are you? We are well after our holidays in Asia. Will you be in Rome for the last week of 2018?
Tom: Hi Thierry, nice to hear you! We are fine, thanks! We still don't know about our plans...How is Cecile?
Thierry: Oh, she's great. Just started lessons with her students again.
Tom: I saw the pictures from the dancing classes, she's so fit.
Thierry: Thanks!
Tom: About Rome, we still don't know. We were thinking about going abroad for the New Year's Eve. We would be happy to host you!
Thierry: Don't worry. Maybe you can recommend some bnb?
Tom: Let me ask my friends, I will let you know. But generally if you are looking for a place to stay it's always good to stay close to metro lines. Buses are always late!
Thierry: Sure, I'll keep it in mind. What district would you recommend?
Tom: Well, Termini or Piazza Vittorio is OK. Depends how much you want to spend.
Thierry: Let's say we are not on a budget ;)
Tom: Ahahah, great! I'd say Trastevere or Monti then... Monti is close to Colosseum.
Thierry: OK, sounds good, I need to google it. How much do you think is reasonable for a double room?
Tom: Hard to say, but send me things you like and I'll check it out.
Summary: Thierry and Cecile want to travel to Rome a week before the New Year's Eve. Tom is unsure about his plans, but suggests Thierry some places to stay at and promises to find the best price for a room for two.
Dialogue: Amanda: Do you know where is Peter? I've seen some pics on fb, looks amazing
Maria: He's in italy
Amanda: But where exactly?
Logan: Abruzzo
Summary: Peter is in Abruzzo.
Dialogue: Martin: Do fancy going for a run today?
Mark: Yes, what time?
Martin: 7pm?
Mark: That would be great, but I have only one hour.
Martin: Me too.
Mark: Great, see you at the usual place.
Martin: Yes mate.
Summary: Mark and Martin go for a run at 7 pm. at the usual place.
Dialogue: Phil: Hey. I'm not going to the lectures today.
Andy: Ok. Someting's cropped up?
Phil: I want to stay home.
Andy: :-)
Phil: Look out the window. Grey, drizzly, cold. Not very tempting to go out.
Andy: Well, I'm going. Bad weather or not.
Phil: Ok. Will you share the notes later?
Andy: :-) 
Phil: I know it's unfair... I'm sorry
Andy: Have I ever kept my notes for myself only?
Phil: No, you're a good friend. Thanks, pal!
Andy: Ok. Must be going. Bye.
Phil: Bye.
Summary: Phil isn't going to the lectures today because the weather is bad. Nevertheless, Andy is going and will share his notes with Phil.
Dialogue: Linda: Did you know that Gabi was dating a Nigerian drug dealer?
Pam: Dating? It was only sex
Linda: Whatever
Emily: She told me he had a huge dick
Emily: She could barely walk after sex
Linda: Was he a drug dealer?
Emily: Not so sure. 
Emily: But he wanted her to smuggle cocaine in her pussy 
Linda: OMG
Linda: Did she do it?
Emily: She's not that crazy 
Emily: Anyways, I was more interested in that dick
Emily: I'd love to ride one that big 
Summary: Gabi was seeing a Nigerian drug dealer. 
Dialogue: Lisa: I bought amazing skirt for Friday
Maria: Ooooo, show us!!
Lisa: <file_photo>
Sara: O wow! Looks great
Maria: Where did you buy it??
Lisa: Zara :)
Summary: Lisa has bought a skirt for Friday in Zara.
Dialogue: Charles: How are you doing guys?
Diana: we're in the car
Will: mom is driving
Charles: what time are you going to be here?
Will: mom says in about an hour 
Charles: Did you have fun at grandparents' place?
Will: a lot! I got amazing presents
Charles: nice! You'll show me at home
Summary: Charles, Will, Diana and Diana's mum will meet up in about an hour at Charles' home.
Dialogue: Susie: ask me where i am
Evan: where are you?
Susie: in bed with my laptop!! aaaaaaaaahahahahaha!
Susie: <file_gif>
Chad: <file_gif>
Evan: hate you.
Summary: Susie is in bed with her laptop.
Dialogue: Rocky: where is henry? ive been looking all over the place.
Jerry: he left already for his Chicago trip. You didn't know?
Rocky: that was today?
Jerry: Ya. He was only talking about it all day yesterday
Rocky: oh, so that was what that was all about
Jerry: uh...yeah
Rocky: whens he coming back?
Jerry: in a month
Rocky: a month?!?
Jerry: yes, a month. like he kept saying
Rocky: wheres my mind been lately?
Jerry: I dont know man. 
Rocky: I probably should get out more. would do me some good.
Jerry: i agree. youve been holed up in your room too much
Rocky: ok. im going for a walk then. care to join me?
Jerry: got work to do, sorry. Maybe next time?
Rocky: sure. i'll talk to you this evening then.
Jerry: ok, talk soon. 
Rocky: Bye!
Summary: Rocky was too distracted to notice that Henry was talking about his trip to Chicago yesterday. Rocky's concentration will improve when he starts going out more. Jerry will not accompany Rocky on today's walk.
Dialogue: Sophie: cooking session on tuesday
Alice: i'll be there.
Sophie: oops sorry, this tuesday it's serving class
Alice: don't worry, whenever there is a practical session i'm here. I should be at school
Sophie: it's gonna be great to see you again
Alice: ok. let me see
Sophie: Tuesday is definitely the best day of the week
Alice: you say so...
Sophie: i really missed you, you know!
Alice: I'll be happy to see you again, but may be i'll sleep during the serving class
Sophie: that's impossible!
Alice: i'm very good at it
Sophie: you're my sunshine
Alice: you too
Summary: Sophie is giving a service class on Tuesday. Alice will be there.
Dialogue: Laura: ok , I'm done for today-)
Laura: let me know once u're free and we come back home together
Kim: hmm.. 7?
Laura: ok
Kim: cool, wait for me at work, I'll call once I get here
Summary: Laura will pick up Kim from work around 7, and they will come back home together.
Dialogue: Mike: Have you met up with this girl Tom?
Tom: No I haven't...
Mike: what? she wasn't interested?
Tom: I honestly don't know, I haven't called
Mike: What? but you have her number!
Tom: I do, but how to put it, I don't know how to use it
Mike: Just give her a call, say who you are, and invite her somewhere
Tom: but where? restaurant, movies?
Mike: Do both maybe, start with some dinner, and then movie
Tom: damn, fine, I am calling
Summary: Tom hasn't called a girl who gave him his number yet, but Mike convinced him to do so. Tom is calling the girl to invite her for dinner. 
Dialogue: Amanda: do you have tickets for Metallica concert?
Megan: Good evening! I will check, please give me few minutes
Megan: Thank you for waiting! Yes, tickets still available.
Amanda: cool! I'd like to get 4 tickets then
Megan: Of course, I will book 4 tickets for you. Payment can be done through our website according to the instruction in the file I am sending you right now
Megan: <file_photo>
Megan: Just to remind, you have 24 hours to pay, after that period of time your booked tickets will not be available and you will have to book them again
Amanda: I will do it right away, thank you!
Megan: Thank you, have a nice day!
Summary: Amanda booked 4 tickets for Metallica concert.
Dialogue: Jessica: Help me!
Judith: What's wrong?
Jessica: Can't decide which shoes to wear 2nite. 
Judith: Which dress?
Jessica: <file_photo> This one.
Judith: Srsly? What's the occasion?
Jessica: Going to meet the parents...
Judith: That's serious! Change the dress!
Jessica: But I look really good in it!
Judith: You do, but not the occasion for this one. Take the turquoise one.
Jessica: Great idea! And the shoes?
Judith: Show me.
Jessica: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> Which ones?
Judith: I'd go with the second ones?
Jessica: <file_photo> These? Won't I look foolish?
Judith: Nah. Perfect match. And take that bag you got last year for Christmas.
Jessica: You're making fun of me, aren't you?
Judith: A little bit ;)
Summary: Jessica will wear the turquoise dress to meet the parents. Judith is making fun of her, while they're choosing shoes.
Dialogue: Joseph: Okay, round two. Retail Jedi!
Gabriel: Marketing.
Alonzo: Shop assistant!
Joseph: You're right! It's a shop assistant! 
Gabriel: Darn. 1:1.
Joseph: Don't worry, Daniel, you'll get your chance! Round three: Wet Leisure Attendant!
Alonzo: This has to be a pimp! I'm sure of it!
Gabriel: A masseuse!
Joseph: Sorry, guys. No points this time! It's a lifeguard.
Alonzo: You've got to be kidding me!
Gabriel: Lol
Joseph: Okay, round four: Colour Distribution Technician!
Alonzo: Easy! Painter.
Gabriel: Not so fast! Decorator!
Joseph: I see ur getting the hang of it! Both answers correct! Point each.
Summary: Joseph, Gabriel and Alonzo are playing a game.
Dialogue: Amka: Have you ever been to Erasmus? 
Amka: and how are you spending Halloween?
Mick: I've never done any student exchanges before.
Mick: That sounds like a lot of fun.
Mick: It's good you're doing a lot of this.
Mick: T'll make your CV 10x better.
Mick: Im'm gonna go to da club with my friends for Halloween loool
Amka: I propably won't dress up.
Mick: There was a plan for me to go to London for Halloween 
Mick: with my grandparents
Mick: But my grandma is having some health issues 
Mick: and the plan does'nt exist anymore
Amka: :(
Amka: Aaahhh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she's feeling better  <file_gif>
Amka: What are your plans now?
Amka: Just gonna stay in?
Mick: Yeah
Mick: nothing special <file_gif>
Amka: Fair enough I never used to do anything for Halloween.
Mick: in Poland we actually don't celebrate Halloween and don't do all this dressing up, pumpking curving and so on. 
Mick: on November 1st we just go to the cementary with our families and after that spend time together.
Amka: I like it.
Summary: Amka is doing a lot of student exchanges. Mick isn't going to London due to his grandma's health so he's gonna stay in. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween.
Dialogue: Simon: I thought of the same thing...
Simon: People who want a kid for a day...& and parents who want a day off...
Danie: <file_gif>
Simon: But 'Rent a Kid' can be misconstrued... 😱Best leave it there!🙈🙊
Simon: <file_gif>
Danie: Yeah... and I'm pretty sure most parents are funny about lending their kids out to strangers...
Simon: Though I still suggest it to Becky when one of them kicks off... 
Simon: I get the angry face and the idea gets shelved for the next tantrum. 
Simon: Now in worried, if the tantrum is really bad and Bex says yes... what to do!?! ...lol
Danie: call me 😜
Simon: I will 😊
Summary: Sometimes Simon gets tired with parenting and jokes about letting someone rent his children for a day. Danie offers to do it.
Dialogue: Greg: Hey, have you seen Danielle's new haircut?
Joe: Yeah, pretty eccentric, I'd say.
Meg: She looks like some punk rock rebel. :D
Joe: Well, she still looks good, doesn't she?
Greg: She always does. <3
Summary: Danielle has a new haircut.
Dialogue: Kelly: can you open the window
Kelly: i cant breath
Kelly: and i smell Ms.Lebnitz
Kim: ok
Kim: but she will say that its too cold
Kelly: i dont care
Kelly: she should wear less clothes
Kim: do you REALLY want it?
Kelly: no xd lol
Summary: Kim will open the window on Kelly's request. Ms.Lebnitz will say that it's too cold. Kelly doesn't care.
Dialogue: Skye: I don't really think Warsaw is as such a great place
Skye: :D
Jack: hehe you're here?
Skye: Yeah
Jack: well, at least the people here are not ugly XD
Jack: did you come for the weekend?
Skye: Hahaha :P
Skye: I'm coming back on Monday
Jack: it means you have monday off :<
Skye: Yes. You don't?
Jack: nope ;/
Skye: :/
Summary: Warsaw is not such a great place but people here are not ugly. Skye has come to Warsaw for the weekend and comes back on Monday. Skye has Monday off and Jack does not.
Dialogue: Ian: I just looked at some Ariana's pictures from Marrakech 
Keegan: You mean Ariana Smiths?
Ian: Ye 
Ian: She just got back from Morrocco
Ian: Should we place Morrocco on our bucket list? 
Jane: I just saw her pictures on Instagram 
Jane: Theyre cute!
Jane: Shes a good photographer
Jane: I would like to go there someday so sure
Ian: :) 
Keegan: Ye
Keegan: It looks nice 
Keegan: Pretty sure we would have lots of fun 
Jane: Very exotic 
Jane: I don't think it should be that expensive you guys know
Ian: Yeah there are direct flights from Montreal to Casablanca
Jane: Casablanca sounds great too 
Ian: Casablanca is more like an urban city
Jane: Haha I see
Jane: I just got the name from that old movie
Ian: xd
Summary: Ian, Keegan and Jane appreciate Ariana's pictures from Marrakech. Ian, Keegan and Jane are thinking of going there too. They also consider Casablanca.
Dialogue: Mary: Hi, Lora
Mary: Does Albert have Chronicles of Narnia?
Lora: I guess so.
Lora: I will ask him how he will come back.
Mary: Anna needs to take it to school and I can not buy it anywhere.
Lora: I'll let you know in the evening, ok?
Mary: OK, thanks :*
Summary: Anna needs to take "The Chronicles of Narnia" to school, but Mary cannot buy it anywhere. Lora will ask Albert if he has them.
Dialogue: Hugh: You ready for tomorrow?? :D
Ellie: Think so... I keep thinking I forgot to pack something :(
Hugh: Got your torch, batteries, sleeping bag, tent?
Ellie: Check, check and check ;)
Hugh: fuzzy socks, marshmellows, a pillow?
Ellie: I can't find a my pillow :( 
Hugh: I can bring you a spare ;)
Ellie: :D
Ellie: ooh - I found my waterproof mascara behind the closet. I wondered where that wnet :D
Hugh: Doubt you'll be needing it on a campingtrip dear ;)
Ellie: yes honeybun :P
Ellie: I made some sandwhiches for the road :)
Hugh: good idea - I'm bringing tomato soup in my thermos :)
Ellie: Your mother's recipe?? O.O
Hugh: you bet ;) I might be willing to share ;)
Ellie: oh yeah? :D
Hugh: for a price ;)
Ellie: looks I'm at your mercy :P what's my payment to be? ;)
Hugh: A kiss. Or two. And remember I'm counting interest.
Ellie: I think that can be arranged ;)
Hugh: :D
Ellie: I can't tell you how greatful I am for this
Ellie: *gratefull
Hugh: You deserve this - you had a hard week. I'm just here to make you relax ;)
Ellie: :)
Summary: Ellie and Hugh are going on a camping trip. Hugh can't find his pillow, but Ellie will bring a spare one. They are taking sandwiches and tomato soup for the road.
Dialogue: Brian: It wasn’t my fault.
Lukas: What? What happened?
Brian: Your car…
Lukas: For fuck’s sake, what did you do????
Brian: I had an accident. Absolutely not my fault!
Lukas: This is great. Where are you?
Brian: Just outside the town, my father will take me home.
Lukas: I knew it would be like that…
Brian: I’m sorry :(
Summary: Brian had an accident. Brian's father will take him home. Lukas is mad about his car.
Dialogue: Janet: Jack I need to leave to see the doctor
Jack: I should be back in one hour
Janet: that's too late for me
Janet: I'll ask Mrs Peabody to take a look at the kids
Jack: I guess we have no other option
Janet: Mia is doing her homework right now, Bob is playing and Rosie is finishing her exercises
Jack: <file_gif>
Janet: dinner is in the oven 
Janet: I go and fetch Mrs Peabody
Jack: Ok, see you later!
Janet: <file_gif>
Summary: Janet needs to see the doctor and decides to ask Mrs Peabody to keep an eye on the kids as Jack won't be back for another hour. Janet leaves dinner for Jack in the oven.
Dialogue: Frank: Look at that
Frank: <photo_file>
Victoria: Yes and?
Clark: Dude, I think you are too obsessed with Julia
Frank: <photo_file>
Clark: That bitch is not for you
Victoria: Forget her. There are plenty of beauties much nicer than her 
Summary: Frank is obsessed with Julia, he shares her photo with Victoria and Clark. 
Dialogue: Suzanne: Lola, are you coming to Eddie's tomorrow?
Lola: I'm not sure, you?
Suzanne: I'm thinking about it. If you're going, I'm going.
Lola: Lol, I don't want to end up alone at that party either.
Suzanne: You know how it is, hahaha, we need to stick together, sis!
Lola: Right! But I've got another party at the same time, that's why I'm considering which one is better.
Suzanne: Oh, I see... Maybe you'll manage to drop by for 10 minutes?
Lola: It's in a whole different part of town, Suz...
Suzanne: Eeeerm, OK, I'm out. 
Lola: :D
Suzanne: Would really want to see you, though.
Lola: You can come with me to the other party. It's at my friend's. She's super cool, you'll like her.
Suzanne: I wouldn't want to gate crash like that, you know...
Lola: That's cool, she won't mind.
Suzanne: What kind of people will be there?
Lola: Mostly artsy folks, Rita's an artist, so she usually invites all her course friends.
Suzanne: I'm no good with art, you know that. 
Lola: There won't be any quizz, chill. :D
Suzanne: They'll think I'm stupid.
Lola: So what else is new, lol?? :D
Suzanne: You're mean! I'm glad you're not going to Eddie's xD
Lola: LOL..
Summary: Suzanne and Lola discuss going to two parties tomorrow, one at Eddie's place and the other at Rita's. The discussion is inconclusive.
Dialogue: Grace: You remember our trip to Europe?
Andrew: Yeah man i met a girl there, cant remember it was 4 years ago
Grace: hope to visit somewhere soon, together :)
Andrew: Why not this december
Grace: Whats the plan?
Andrew: We can go to Egypt
Grace: Sounds Cool
Summary: Grace and Andrew may be going to Egypt together this December.
Dialogue: Megan: OMG guess who I saw yesterday? 🤩 🤩 
Faye: Who???
Megan: Only Danny Dyer!!!! 😍 😍 
Faye: NO WAY!😲 
Megan: totally YES WAY!!!😍 😍 
Faye: where was this?
Megan: at the christmas fair in yate!!
Faye: YATE??
Faye: what on earth is Danny Dyer doing in Yate?
Megan: I don't know!!! and i don't CARE!!! 💕 💕 
Faye: that's SICK!!! 
Faye: Did you get a photo with him? 
Megan: not really, sneaky selfie though:
Megan: <file_photo>
Faye: You are SO COOL!! 😘 😘 
Summary: Megan saw Danny Dyer at the Christmas fair in Yate yesterday. She managed to take a sneaky selfie with him.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi
Anna: Hi
Sam: Why have you been so quiet lately?
Anna: I haven't.
Sam: Anna, I'm not a fool. The last I heard from you was on Monday. 
Anna: So?
Sam: So 4 days of nothing. Just nothing. Am I nothing to you?
Anna: You're exaggerating.
Sam: I'm not. This is how I feel.
Anna: I'm writing to you now. 
Sam: Thanks a lot. Really!
Anna: Is it going to look like that? If yes, let's cut it. The conversation seems to be leading nowhere.
Sam: I just want to know what's going on. I care about you. Is it so difficult to understand?
Anna: After what you told me in the restaurant? Yes. It is. Very very difficult. It's a real challenge. 
Sam: Stop mocking me.
Anna: Stop yourself!
Sam: Anna... please...
Anna: Please what?... How am I supposed to behave now?
Sam: I don't know. Let's just get back to normal.
Anna: Nothing's normal now.
Sam: Anna, you're not making it easier for me.
Anna: Why should I?
Sam: Guess, you're right. It doesn't lead us anywhere. I'm here for you if you need me. Don't give up on me. Think things over and come back. Please...
Anna: Bye.
Sam: Bye.
Summary: After what Sam told Anna in the restaurant she didn't talk to him for four days and now it's weird between them.
Dialogue: Eva: happy birthday honey!! All the best!! :**
Kate: thanks Eve!!! visit us at the office sometime!
Eva: well I live closely but I work far away ;) but if you will plan anything after work then I would be happy to come :)
Kate: the doors are always open for you, no need for special invitation! :)
Eva: let me know!! Especially since I live in the same district right now ;)
Kate: uuu, congratulation! :D welcome to the elite hahahah
Eva: yeah i love it ;) way nicer than my old one
Kate: it seems that it is already 5 of us living here haha
Eva: who else?
Kate: me, you, Jake, Monica, Alice
Summary: It's Kate's birthday. Eva lives close by, but works far away. Kate, Eva, Jake, Monica and Alice all live in the same district.
Dialogue: Sidney: Have you heard that Alice's birthday's coming?
Oliver: Yeah. In 2 weeks time.
Sidney: Right. Are we doing something? 
Oliver: What do you mean?
Sidney: A birthday party, of course! 
Oliver: Oh. I don't know if she'd like that.
Sidney: Y? 
Oliver: Well, she tends to keep to herself, so I assume she's not the outgoing type.
Sidney: Maybe you're right. 
Oliver: But what can we do except for a party?
Sidney: Well, we can take her to dinner? 
Oliver: Not bad. Do you know what food she likes?
Sidney: Not really, no. 
Oliver: Me neither. Anything else?
Sidney: Coffee? 
Oliver: Nah. That's dumb. Maybe cinema?
Sidney: Anything on at the moment? 
Oliver: Don't know. Will check.
Sidney: Okay.  
Oliver: There's a horror, a romantic comedy and a bio on now.
Sidney: She's afraid of horrors, recently broke up with Mark and who's bio is it? 
Oliver: Winston Churchill...
Sidney: She wouldn't like that... 
Oliver:  Got a great idea! She's always very artsy and likes to talk about that kind of stuff, right?
Sidney: Yeah. She just can't shut up about it. ;) 
Oliver: Let's take her to the impressionist exhibition! They'll be in town next week.
Sidney: That's a great idea! 
Oliver: And we can grab some coffee later and listen to her talk about it ;)
Sidney: Yeah, lol, listen to her talk about it! :)
Oliver: So it's settled then!
Summary: Alice's birthday is in two weeks. She's not outgoing, so they won't be throwing a party for her, but she likes art so Sidney and Oliver decide to take her to the impressionist exhibition and for a coffee.
Dialogue: Jane: How are you?
Phil: Good.
Jane: 'Good good' or 'just good'?
Phil: Just good.
Jane: I'm sorry. I know it's all my fault.
Phil: Can we leave it for some time? I'm a little busy.
Jane: You used to have time for me.
Phil: Stop it!
Jane: Just wanted to ask if you're ok.
Phil: I'm ok. Happy?
Jane: No.
Jane: Yes.
Phil: Anything else?
Jane: Guess not.
Phil: Good.
Jane: Good.
Summary: Jane wants to talk to Phil but he doesn't have time for her. 
Dialogue: Vic: Alec, should we bring anything?
Alec: I made French soup with bread so i think it will be enough for starters
Vic: sounds awesome but Maria has celiac desease
Alec: FUCK
Vic: if u added bread she won't be able to eat anything
Alec: Not yet
Max: I'm driving so soup with alcohol won't work for me
Alec: or u can crash at my place
Vic: take a cab instead
Alec: so looks like i fucked up
Vic: it's just people these days have so restricted diets don't worry dude
Max: ok I'll take uber home
Alec: ok see u tomorrow
Summary: Alec has cooked French soup with bread for a party. Vic is coming with Maria, who can't eat bread. Max is coming by car but he's going to take uber back home so he can eat the soup.
Dialogue: Peter: Good evening.How much are the tickets for the Rock festival?
Patty: Good evening. It is 15 dollars for regular. 
Patty: 50 dollars for a group ticket of 5
Peter: 30 dollars for the VIP
Patty: Okay cool. So where can i buy them?
Patty: You can buy them online or you can contact 07***********
Peter: Okay thanks.
Patty: You are welcome.
Summary: Peter wants to find out how much are the Rock festival tickets. They are 15 dollars for regular, 50 dollars for a group of 5, 30 dollars for the VIP ticket. Tickets are available online or over the phone. 
Dialogue: Dorothee: Hiya, I'm after some advice really. I am looking for a bigger family car, one that fits 3 kids seats in the back. Any recommendations?
Ilse: we have a Ford C-Max, they're great. We always fit everyone in! 
Dorothee: and what about boot space? I need space for buggy and bags as well as kids 🤷🤦
Ilse: all fits! 👍
Ginny: we used to have a Skoda Octavia, it was cheap to run and spacious inside. We never tried 3 seats in the back but I am sure it would be big enough. 
Ben: we have a VW Sharan, it a 7 seater so everyone always fits. Rear two seat take up boot though
Dorothee: would three seats fit on the first rear seats Ben?
Ben: Yes, and a great drive btw
Dorothee: thanks all, I will investigate! 
Ben: no worries
Ilse: good luck!
Summary: Dorothee's looking for a bigger family car that fits 3 kids seats.
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Megan: we're having here a little fight with Pete
Anna: why?
Josh: I know, he told me, about the vacation
Megan: yes, he wants to go to Argentina, to see Patagonia
Jeff: amazing!
Megan: it is interesting, but I though we'd have proper beach vacation instead of hiking ice bergs
Jeff: hahaha, not exactly hiking ice bergs, but I get your point
Megan: I also don't think we have enough time for that
Jeff: how much time do you have?
Megan: 7-10 days. Flying to Buenos, then heading south, maybe crossing to Chile, we would be in hurry all the time
Jeff: yes, possibly
Megan: but now he's suggesting we should split with me going to Caribbean and him flying to Buenos
Megan: and this would spoil the vacation
Jeff: ok, don't worry, I know how stubborn he is
Jeff: i'll talk to him tonight
Summary: Pete wants to split with Megan for the vacation. Jeff will talk to Pete tonight.
Dialogue: Celine: i'm at the car wash
Celine: so bored -- i thought this was going to take a couple of minutes
Celine: and i've been here for hours
Jean: sorry i can text right now
Jean: i can't entertain you
Jean: i'm driving
Celine: sorry
Summary: Celine is bored at the car wash. It's taking longer than she expected.
Dialogue: Lisa: i will be late
Andy: ok i will be late too
Lisa: great!
Summary: Andy and Lisa are going to be late.
Dialogue: Charles: <file_other> look
Christian: what's that
Christopher: that's gross
Charles: hahahahh 
Christian: are you serious???? do you need to photoshop all the members of my family to look like they are sucking an elephant's cock?
Christopher: This look's terrific Charles, good job :D
Summary: Charles photoshopped his family members and Christopher was disgusted by it.
Dialogue: Sue: Dear club members, I was wondering who'd be interested in organizing this year's Christmas fair with me?
Angelica: Hello, Sue! My husband and I could help you out.
Sue: Thank you so much!
Roger: And I think we should involve our children as well, they need to learn to do something for the community too.
Angelica: Great idea, darling!
Sue: That's wonderful. It means we already have four helpers!
Harriet: Count me in as well. I promise to bake my best cookies for this occasion!
Sue: Thank you, dear! I think five people will be enough. Six, if you count me, which means two more than last year. We can start discussing the details after the club meeting next week, alright?
Angelica: Sure, me and Roger will be there.
Harriet: Me too. See you on Monday!
Summary: Angelica, Roger and Harriet will help Sue organise this year's Christmas fair. Four children will also be involved as helpers on Roger's suggestion. They are meeting on Monday.
Dialogue: Becky: Oh my God, you'll never guess what happened!
Julie: Don't tell me you guys are finally getting married?? :o
Becky: Well... That would be nice, but not yet. No, I've won the lottery!
Julie: What! Oh my god, Becky, that's fantastic! The grand prize???
Becky: Ah, no, that would be too good, hahaha, but it's still a fair amount! Wanna go for drinks this evening? I feel like celebrating a little. My treat. :D
Julie: Sure, I'm always up for drinks with my favourite girl! ;)
Summary: Becky has won a smaller prize at the lottery. To celebrate, she will go for drinks with Julie.
Dialogue: Lizzy: Hey, can you take notes for me in Biology tomorrow?
Amanda: Umm... where are you going to be?
Lizzy: I have a doctor's apt tomorrow at 9.
Amanda: Ok, sure. No problem, except you know how Professor Gray gets when he sees someone away.
Lizzy: If he mentions something, let him know. I'll talk to him next class. I have to see him about something anyway.
Amanda: Ok
Lizzy: Thanks.
Amanda: Are you sick?
Lizzy: I have to get something checked out, that's all. And I finally got an apt to a really good doctor.
Amanda: Ok, tell me about it tomorrow.
Summary: Lizzy will miss the Biology class with Professor Gray because of a medical appointment. Amanda will take notes for Lizzy and explain her absence to Professor Gray if needed. Lizzy will talk to him after next class.
Dialogue: James: Mike's coming over with some beers for the game
James: wanna join?
Alan: can't man, studying
James: let it go once in a while
Alan: I would if I were studying at the Bullshit University you attend :D
James: I like how bullshit looks with a capital letter
Alan: Royal Bulshit
Alan: xD
Summary: Alan can't join James and Mike for a game because he is studying. 
Dialogue: Robert: When will you be home
Dana: around 8 why?
Robert: shit I have a package coming in form amazon
Robert: someone has to pick it up
Dana: sorry can't help
Dana: try Jake
Summary: Dana cannot pick up a package for Robert.
Dialogue: Tom: hey did you call mum for her bday?
Jim: oh shit i forgot
Tom: good thing i reminded you :P
Summary: Jim forgot to call his mother on her bday. Tom reminded him about the birthday.
Dialogue: Rose: So, 6 pm in front of the cinema?
Hank: Sure!
Minnie: I'll be 5 mins late! 
Summary: Rose, Frank and Minnie are going to meet at 6 pm in front of the cinema. Minnie will be 5 minutes late. 
Dialogue: Kaylee: Hi! :) Charlie and I are going to the restaurant in about an hour. Wanna join in?
Adrian: hey :) i'm in! :D
Adrian: where are we going?
Kaylee: Charlie says that her bf recommended a new Ukrainian restaurant to her
Kaylee: It's in the same place where Pizza Hut used to be.
Adrian: sounds good :]
Kaylee: Ok, so i'll make a reservation for 14.00. :)
Adrian: ok :] i can pick you up, if you want
Kaylee: That would be great! :)
Adrian: ok, so i'll be there at 13.50.
Kaylee: All righty! :)
Adrian: see you soon then!
Kaylee: Bye! :)
Summary: Kaylee and Charlie are going to a new Ukrainian restaurant. Charlie's boyfriend recommended it to her. Adrian will join them. He's going to pick them up at 13.50. The reservation is for 14.00.
Dialogue: Polly: Hi, can I ask you for a favour?
Rebecca: Of course, what is it about?
Polly: You know that my parents have their anniversary next month?
Rebecca: Yeah I know, we'll come
Polly: That's great. Listen I'm doing them a surprise cause I want to make a photoalbum about what happened in this 25 years
Rebecca: That's an awesome idea!
Polly: The favour is: could you send me some pohotos from when their young? Cause I know that the old photoalbums are at your house
Rebecca: That's not a problem. I'll pick some nice up and drop it to you next weekend
Polly: That would be perfect. Thank you a lot
Summary: Rebecca will make a selection of photos featuring Polly's parents when they were young. She will deliver them to Polly next weekend.
Dialogue: Allisson: Jake!
Allisson: I'm so sorry, I'm gonna be late! Can you wait for me a little? My bus broke down but I'm on my way already
Jacob: Babe, don't worry. I'll just have a look around in the meantime
Jacob: Ring me when you're about to arrive?
Allisson: Will do! Love you!
Summary: Allison will be late to a meeting with Jake.
Dialogue: John: Anything from the store?
Tracy: Hmmm... there was this goat cheese last time that I really liked. You remember which one.
John: I think I do. Anything else?
Tracy: Maybe milk, cause we're running out. And like a couple of rolls, the grainy ones.
Tracy: oh and tissues.
John: Ok, roger that.
Summary: John will buy the goat cheese Tracy liked, milk, a couple of grainy rolls, and tissues.
Dialogue: Jeff: Are you ready for the hiking tomorrow?
Ann: I've just packed
Corina: is it going to be very difficult
Jeff: this track is quite heavy
Jeff: so please, take good shoes
Maria: sure, how long is the track?
Jeff: about 20km
Jeff: let me check it
Maria: thanks
Jeff: 21,3 km
Maria: but it's only to the lighthouse?
Jeff: yes
Maria: so we have to take a bus back
Jeff: I think so, to walk back would be too tiring
Corina: and too boring
Corina: doing the same way again
Jeff: true
Jeff: so I'll check the busses
Ann: great
Jeff: yes, there is one at 5PM
Maria: just perfect!
Jeff: :)
Summary: Jeff, Ann, Corina, and Maria are going to hike tomorrow. Jeff reminds everyone to take good shoes, because they are going to walk over 20 km. Jeff, Ann, Corina, and Maria will take a bus on the way back at 5 PM.
Dialogue: Sisi: I had this epiphany today
Deedee: <file_gif>
Deedee: k go on
Sisi: there's something like impostor syndrome
Sisi: but it hits you when you feel overly competent
Deedee: that makes no sense
Sisi: lemme explain
Sisi: the impostor syndrome is when you think
Sisi: "I don't belong here, I'm incompetent"
Deedee: I know
Sisi: the crybaby syndrome is when you think you don't deserve sth because you're too competent
Deedee: isn't it like feeling overqualified?
Sisi: it's when you share something and someone is so fucking caring it makes you wanna withdraw
Sisi: as if it wasn't ok for you to be treated with indulgence
Deedee: indulgence aversion sounds better
Sisi: no, crybaby syndrome is better because those syndromes induce guilt
Sisi: and because it's about being incapable of receiving something positive
Deedee: I think I get it now
Deedee: cool idea 
Summary: Sisi and Deedee are having a discussion on differences between the impostor syndrome and the cry-baby syndrome.
Dialogue: Andrew: When do the classes start today
Arthur: haven't you heard the news?
Andrew: no? what happened
Benjamin: The classes are cancelled, dr Morty is sick
Andrew: Too bad, I like having classes with him
Arthur: me2 but I will not complain :p
Summary: The classes are cancelled today, because dr Morty is sick.
Dialogue: Jack: <file_photo>
Jack: Please remind me not to engage in any kind of political debates in facebook comments.
Jack: People are idiots, morons and narrow-minded ignorants.
Patty: I don't know why you get so emotional over posts on facebook. 
Jack: It's just I'm alergic to stupidity. I can't stand it when I see something stupid.
Patty: God, your life will be hard then. You know there are more stupid people than smart ones?
Jack: I still hope it can be changed :)
Patty: <file_other<
Patty: I like this song
Patty: "optimist" buuu tu tu tu tu
Jack: Hahaha. Nice one.
Summary: Jack can't stand when he sees something stupid, but he doesn't want to engage in any political debates in facebook comments anymore because he gets too emotional. He is an optimist, thinking there can be less stupid people than smart ones.
Dialogue: Ann: How are you guys? Any news?
George: We're good, packing right now
Arthur: so it's a mess
Ann: you're leaving?
Arthur: Yes, for 2 weeks 
George: holidays!!! finally!
Ann: where are you going?
George: Greece!!! My beloved Athens
Ann: of course!
Summary: George and Arthur are going to Greece for holidays for 2 weeks.
Dialogue: Stephania: Stephen is coming tonight
Stephania: We are going to work on a project together
Camila: Does he really need to come tonight? 
Stephania: Well yea, the library is gonna be closed early today 
Camila: K well 
Camila: Sorry, I was just pissed at my brother
Stephania: Whatd he do 
Camila: He just pissed me off
Stephania: As always
Stephania: K we are coming tonight
Stephania: We have to get it doee by today
Stephania: done*
Camila: Ye im okay with that
Stephania: 😉
Summary: Stephen and Stephania are going to work on a project tonight. Camilla is upset with her brother.
Dialogue: Suzan: Any plans for tomorrow?
Suzan: Maybe cinema…?
Ian: Sure, why not!
Ian: :)
Suzan: I've heard that there is a new interesting western. 
Ian: Yep, Mike showed me th trailer.
Ian: It looks really intriguingly.
Suzan: So?
Ian: Let's go!
Summary: Ian and Suzan will go to the cinema tomorrow to see a Western. 
Dialogue: Lena: Simon, just one or two things struck me as I've been looking through the file we mentioned earlier.
Simon: Oh Lena, what a surprise (!)
Lena: It seems to me that the notes are a bit sparse and don't really explore the underlying issues.
Simon: I've always found them perfectly adequate.
Lena: Yes, but Simon, I've had several kids come to be this term asking for clarification of various points, they really don't understand some parts of the scheme of work.
Simon: Really? That's news to me, I've had no complaints.
Lena: I mean, you can be a bit intimidating, Simon and they are still quite young.
Simon: Lena, I've been teaching for 30 years now, no discipline issues and very few problems, if I'm honest.
Lena: Well yes, and I respect your knowledge and experience, but none of us is totally perfect!
Simon: OK, I suppose if the kids have complained, it can't be totally comprehensible.
Lena: Look, it's half term next week,  I'll draw up a new scheme of work at home and we'll look over it on Inset when we come back, show Josh too, as he's coming in permanently now.
Simon: Well, OK, I suppose I can be a bit casual and slapdash sometimes, I lack your vigorous approach!
Lena: Well, we need to work together on this since we'll both be teaching it, and Josh too, of course. We all need to be able to input ideas and discuss them.
Simon: OK, Lena, I suppose you have a point! Hope that's the last message now, I've got my favourite book and a glass of wine waiting for me. Coincidentally, I think you should chill out a bit too, Lena!
Lena: I will! See you tomorrow!
Simon: Bye, Lena!
Summary: Lena will prepare a new scheme of work and consult it with Simon and Josh as the kids have troubles comprehending  some parts of it and have complained to Lena.
Dialogue: Mark: Do you know someone who knows Spanish?
Anna: Why do you need a Spanish translator?
Mark: I need to translate the contract.
Anna: oh, i see...
Summary: Mark needs a Spanish translator to translate the contract.
Dialogue: Mike: I am thinking about buying a new car.
Bruce: Why? What's wrong with the one that you have now?
Mike: I want to give this one to my parents.
Bruce: Are you thinking of a brand new car?
Mike: Maybe, I'm not sure yet.
Bruce: Think twice. Maybe second hand?
Mike: Well, I think I want to lease it. I saw a good offer on TV 
Bruce: Which brand?
Mike: Toyota
Bruce: Why not an American brand?
Mike: My parents used to have Toyota and Nissan in the past, so I’ll stick to the Japanese brand.
Bruce: The end of the year is a good time to buy it
Mike: I know
Bruce: I would recommend to visit a few places, don't rush with your decision
Mike: I heard I should play tough when negotiating
Bruce: Did you check your credit score?
Mike: No, why?
Bruce: It's a good idea. You will know if you are pre-approved
Mike: You are right. I will look into it. Thanks!
Bruce: Anytime...
Summary: Mike wants to give his car to his parents and lease a new Toyota. Bruce advices him not to rush with the decision, visit a few places and check his credit score.
Dialogue: Albert: Hi
Maurice: Hi Albert
Albert: Are you still in Brussels?
Maurice: Still here. Why?
Albert: We are planning trip to Europe, visiting old friends
Maurice: Nice. When are you coming?
Albert: In August
Summary: Maurice is in Brussels. Albert is planning a trip to Europe to visit old friends in August.
Dialogue: Debbie: I will make cookies today
Hans: good 
Debbie: I'm excited because I have never made any 
Hans: really? 
Debbie: imagine! 
Debbie: lol
Hans: so have fun 
Summary: Debbie has never made cookies and will make them today. Hans wishes her fun.
Dialogue: Fausto: Babe, are you free tonight?
Emma: Yeah. What's up?
Fausto: I want to take you out tonight! 
Emma: Aw.. You're too cute. What's the occasion?
Fausto: Don't need one to take out my lady love.
Emma: Omg you are the cutest. What time should I be free?
Fausto: Say around 8? 
Emma: Okay! What style of dress?
Fausto: Elegant! You shouldn't have any trouble with that.
Emma: Omg stop. Alright, I'll be ready!
Summary: Fausto wants to take Emma out tonight at 8.  
Dialogue: Jenny: babe
Jack: babe
Jenny: im going to sleep
Jack: you didnt have to text me just to tell me that XD
Jenny: yea dont make fun of me -_- night
Jack: gn
Summary: Jenny let Jack know she is going to sleep.
Dialogue: Olivia: <file_other>
Isla: Wooo, my fav xmas song!!
Millie: once bitten and twice shyyyyyyy
Olivia: xD
Isla: Aaaa memories back!!
Olivia: tell me baby, do you recognize me??
Isla: Wll, it's been a year... :D
Isla: Well*
Millie: best xmas afterparty xD
Isla: Definitely have to do it again ;-)
Millie: this year I'm out of town :((
Isla: Uuuuuuuu :<
Millie: but new years eve... :D
Isla: Hahah, ok
Isla: Last christmas in the new years eve
Olivia: Makes sense :D
Isla: :D:D
Millie: can't wait for that!!
Isla: coming sooooon
Summary: The song 'Last Christmas' brought back Olivia's, Millie's and Isla's memories about last year's Christmas afterparty. This year Millie is out of town, but they can meet on New Year's Eve.
Dialogue: Helen: heyoo
Helen: saw Frank liking and commenting your photos... 😁
Helen: whats going on bewten tou two?
Helen: *between you two?
Nina: well
Nina: ekhm..
Nina: there is sth going on i guess
Nina: 😏
Helen: tell me already!
Nina: we saw each other some time ago in a coffee house
Helen: and?
Nina: and we had a nice conversation
Nina: but dont jump into conclusions Hel
Helen: k
Helen: i hope you tell me when it gets serious
Nina: of course hun
Helen: for now, have fun
Helen: not too much fun thou 😏
Nina: silly
Helen: just taking care of you my bestie
Helen: KIT
Nina: speak soon
Summary: Nina and Frank have been talking more since they had coffee together. Helen notices they have been more active on Facebook.
Dialogue: Betty: Where are you?
Dorothy: in Queens, Woodside station
Donald: Dorothy, will you change at Queensboro Plaza? I can wait here for you
Donald: Then we can take N to Central Park together
Dorothy: Yes, I should be there in 10min
Donald: 👍 I'll be at the platform
Betty: So should we meet in 30min in Central Park?
Donald: even 20min, I guess
Betty: Where exactly?
Donald: Do you know where is the statue of Jose Marti?
Betty: I'm not sure I know which one it is
Donald: The one with a guy in a suit on a very crazy horse
Betty: ahahah, ok, I know it
Dorothy: 😂
Donald: perfect!
Summary: Dorothy is in Queens, at Woodside Station. Donald will meet her at Queensboro Plaza. They will go to Central Park to meet Betty close to Jose Marti statue in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Karter: What party u had last night? hahah
Albert: Barbecue at my boss' house
Karter: Nice
Summary: Last night Albert had a barbeque party at his boss' house.
Dialogue: Beth: Hi, the producers really liked you and they want to know if youre available
Lars: haha in that case I'm gonna do it. Are you at home? I will be back soon.
Beth: Yeah I stayed in today. They have to know in an hour. Saturday also?
Lars: drunk but yes! :D
Beth: OK i will tell them :)
Lars: it will be fun :D
Beth: I'll give them your number
Lars: OK thanks
Beth: (Y) Dannie will be calling you, form the 7seconds agency.
Lars: she already did. I can come whenever so its awesome
Summary: The producers liked Lars. Beth will tell them in an hour that he is available also on Saturday. She will give them his number. Dannie from the 7seconds agency has already called Lars.
Dialogue: Jack: any Xmas plans, guys?
Tom: yeah, visiting parents
Tom: as every year
Adam: we're staying at home and parents and in-laws are coming to visit
Adam: there will be a lot of mess, as usual
Adam: But Kate enjoys all of it
Jack: I see
Jack: We're also staying in and having parents and some other family
Tom: I always prefer to leave
Tom: its more practical, you dont need to do all that shopping and cleaning;)
Adam: :D
Adam: Yeah, thats right, but its a kind of tradition in our family
Adam: Xmas meeting in our place
Tom: I see
Summary: Tom is visiting his parents for Xmas. Adam and Kate are going to have guests for Xmas - their parents are coming, as usual. Jack is also having his family for Xmas. 
Dialogue: Pedro: <photo_file>
Pedro: Greetings from Colombia!
Carlos: Lucky you :P
Mia: What a weather!!
Mia: You should have taken us with you
Mia: I've never been to Latin America
Carlos: You can come!
Carlos: I'm staying here 2 more months
Summary: Pedro is in Colombia. Mia has never been to Latin America, but she can visit Carlos who's staying for 2 more months there. 
Dialogue: Charlie: hey Maggie, are you available for a conference call today?
Magda: what time?
Charlie: whenever it's ok for you
Magda: honestly... I slept 3 hours :(
Charlie: ooh... I see
Magda: I have 8 messenger conversations now open :(
Magda: it's craaaazy... 
Charlie: ok take it easy, we'll talk another day
Magda: tell me now if it's urgent
Charlie: just wanted to comment the spring festival, Mary told me you're with us for good
Magda: yeah... let me make it clear... I'll be able to talk about the spring festival like... in December! :) :) :)
Charlie: ok :) you're a bit busy, I see...
Magda: we're closing this one mid-november and then I'm off for holidays
Charlie: ok. I thought you have closed this edition already
Magda: I'll let you know when we start the next one but I would not expect it before Christmas, to be honest
Charlie: really??? ok, I'll wait
Magda: Why dont you write down your ideas and we'll discuss it whenever we're all ready
Charlie: ok, I will.
Summary: Magda is not willing to have a conference call about the spring festival today as she's tired and busy. After closing the mid-november edition Magda is off for holiday. Magda'll inform Charlie when the next edition starts and suggests he should jot down his ideas.
Dialogue: William: I am sorry to bother you so late but we need another parent to cover the ratio for our school trip.
David: I would love to go but I am having a meeting on that day that I really do not want to reschedule. 
William: My apologies for the last minute notice but I have just got a cancellation from another parent. I will have to cancel the whole trip.
David: I see. I will do my best and try to reschedule the meeting. 
William: Thank you so much. Please let me know as soon as possible. 
David: I will let to know as soon as I find out.
Summary: David will try to reschedule his meeting to go on his child's school trip, as another parent has withdrawn and the trip could be cancelled.
Dialogue: Clarie: Is that offer still available? 
Aaron: Which one?
Clarie: That home teaching :/
Aaron: Yeah it is
Clarie: What is the salary package?
Aaron: They would deduct 50% from the first income and 10% from every month from then, as their comission
Clarie: Not good :/
Summary: The home teaching offer is still available. Claire is not happy with a 50% income deduction after the first month and a 10% monthly commission afterwards.
Dialogue: Ash: Guess what! Got a new hobby!
Clem: Another one?
Ash: What do u mean?
Clem: Well u either change them regularly or add new ones.
Ash: This time it's different!
Clem: We'll see about that.
Summary: Ash has a new hobby, but he changes them regularly or adds new ones, which makes Clem sceptical about it.
Dialogue: Christine: OMG Jane!
Jane: Hi 2 u 2 Chris xD 
Christine: U will never guess what I just found out!
Jane: I'm not even gonna try 2.
Christine: Sean and Natasha are getting divorced! :O
Jane: Are you shitting me?!
Christine: No, I'm dead serious!
Jane: How is that even possible? It's only been 2 years! 
Jane: Remember their picture perfect wedding?
Christine: I know eh?! 
Jane: R u sure this is for real?
Christine: Yeah, I found out from Natasha's brother. Apparently Sean cheated on her!
Jane: WTF?! The perfect hubby? What a jerk.
Christine: Yeah, their fairy tale didn't last 2 long...
Summary: Christine and Jane's friends, Sean and Natasha, are getting a divorce after being married for 2 years. According to Natasha's brother, Sean was unfaithful.
Dialogue: Kate: guess what?! We’re adopting a puppy! :)
Matilda: what! How come?
Kate: honestly, for real! We think we’re ready for it.
Matilda: you ready? You mean your children?
Kate: i mean both us and the children, they’re getting older and more responsible
Matilda: you realise it’s gonna be your responsibility mostly
Kate: will see. You can’t imagine how many people want to get rid of their pets! Unbelievable!!!
Matilda: that’s sad :(
Kate: it really is! :( they take a pet and get rid of it a couple of months later
Matilda: yeah, you really have to think it through. It’s a serious decision!
Kate: that’s why we waited so long. wanted to make the right decision at the right time  
Matilda: i know. So have you chosen any particular breed? 
Kate: we thinking labrador cause they’re playful and supposed to be good with children
Matilda: i see
Kate: i’ll send you some pictures as soon as we get one
Matilda: can’t wait
Summary: Kate and her family are adopting a puppy, probably a labrador.
Dialogue: Nina: Congratulations!
Betty: Thank you :-) I'm so happy!
Nina: You should be. You've always dreamt of studying photography. 
Betty: 'Born with the camera in hands', you used to say :-)
Nina: And I still think so. You're incredibly talented. The world is your oyster.
Betty: You're so nice :-) Thank you.
Nina: Have you told your parents yet?
Betty: No. I'm waiting for the right moment.
Nina: Oh, Betty...
Betty: I'm afraid that dad will throw a tantrum, mum will start crying and all hell will break loose.
Nina: Who knows? Maybe it won't be that bad.
Betty: Want to try to break the news instead of me?
Nina: Not really...
Betty:  You see?
Nina: Don't let them spoil your happiness! I'm very proud of you!
Betty: They will be proud of me too... one day...
Nina: For sure :-)
Nina: <file_photo>
Nina: Cheer up!
Betty: :-)
Betty: <file_photo>
Nina: Good girl! :-)
Betty: Will you visit me on the cmapus?
Nina: Won't you be ashamed of your old aunt?
Betty: Kidding me? I'll be boasting of you!
Nina: Kisses! And don't wait too long with telling them.
Betty: Bye.
Summary: Nina congratulated Betty on being accepted to photography studies. Betty is worried her parents will not be happy about it. Betty invited Nina to visit her on campus.
Dialogue: Kathy: I've been thinking...
Jean: Yeah?
Kathy: I'd like to have a baby with Mike
Jean: Whoa, really? That's big news
Kathy: But I'm not sure he's ready for this
Kathy: I think he hasn't been thinking about it seriously, but we're not getting younger
Kathy: I'm not sure what to say to him
Jean: Aw... I know he likes to joke around and can be a little carefree, but he cares a lot about you and you know that
Kathy: Well, yeah...
Jean: So I think if you told him about it seriously, he won't laugh at you or anything
Kathy: I know
Jean: Then what are you scared of? I say go for it. Don't worry, if he makes you cry, I'll make sure to kick his ass.
Summary: Kathy wants to have a baby with Mike. 
