Dialogue: Angie: Happy birthday Angela! Once again ;)
Angela: Thank you! :D
Angie: How was the end of the party? 
Angie: What time did everyone go?
Angela: It was good! 
Angela: Around 3 or 4, I’m not sure :D 
Angie: Nice!
Angela: We danced almost till the end ^^
Angela: It was cool :)
Angie: Yeah, the whole evening was good!
Angie: You have some interesting friends :)
Angela: I know ^^
Angela: I’m glad they didn’t scary you :D
Angie: :D No, I’m immune ;)
Angie: And how are you feeling today?
Angela: Well, a bit tired to be honest. And still a bit drunk...
Angie: Eat something later, you’ll feel better. 
Angela: yep, we’re preparing breakfast. Slowly... ;)
Angie: I see :)
Angie: Have a good day!
Angela: u 2! 
Summary: It was Angela's birthday party. The guests danced almost till the end and went home at about 3 or 4. Today Angela is feeling tired and still a bit drunk.
Dialogue: Elisabeth: Let's meet tonight!
Ellen: yes, we've already planned with Jeff to have a beer night at the new Belgian bar downtown
Jeremy: Can we join then?
Ellen: Lol, of course
Ellen: I was to ask you anyway
Jeff: Yes, the more the better, let's invade them
Elisabeth: what time should we meet there?
Jeff: around 8, but let's take it easy
Jeremy: Perfect
Summary: Elisabeth, Ellen, Jeff and Jeremy will have a beer night at the new Belgian bar downtown around 8 pm tonight.
Dialogue: Samantha: Could you water my palm, when I'm in London?
Ava: No problem.
Samantha: Just about a quart once a week. And please, spray it with the device I left on the table. Just cheat it a bit, it grows in a jungle ;)
Ava: I'll do it. Enjoy London.
Summary: Samantha wants Ava to water her palm while she's in London. 
Dialogue: Odo: which language classes did you pick?
Phil: French
Patricia: French
Kayah: German
Odo: I was hesitating between French and Basque
Patricia: what do you need Basque for?
Kayah: ugh I hate French
Odo: It's a hobby it's not about being pragmatic
Patricia: oh my sweet summer child
Patricia: you should think about that because you may need that in your job
Kayah: pick a language you like more, it will be easier then
Kayah: and your future boss will be impressed more with Basque
Patricia: so you picked German because you like that language
Kayah: sure
Kayah: it's really elegant and neat
Kayah: people just have unpleasant associations
Patricia: whatever
Patricia: Odo, pick Basque if you like
Summary: Phil and Patricia chose French language classes, Kayah German. Odo will choose between French and Basque.
Dialogue: Dave: Ssup bro! How do you think about us producing a song together.
Chris: Yow. Definitely we can.
Chris: Any idea on which genre?
Dave: Yeah. some RnB. I think we both have experience in that field.
Dave: Or what is your suggestion?
Chris: I think the idea is perfect.
Chris: We just have to work on the lines.
Dave: But i'll first contact Jay the producer so he suggest on how we should do it.
Chris: Sure. We can meet him the both of us later in the evening. I have no plans today.
Dave: Great.
Chris: Okay.
Chris: See you then.
Dave: Sure.
Summary: Dave and Chris want to produce an RnB song together. They will meet with Jay the producer later in the evening and ask him for suggestions. 
Dialogue: Diana: Tommy, please remember it's Dad's birthday tomorrow!
Tommy: Ok mum, no problem.
Diana: Did you and your brother get Dad a gift or something?
Tommy: Jack said he would buy that new Beatles collection, I gave him my half of the money so I hope he didn't forget. :P
Diana: Ok, I bought a set of four ties.
Tommy: You're trying to appeal to Dad's manager side, while we're aiming at his rock and roll soul, heh.
Diana: You got that right. When can you come over?
Tommy: After work, around 5, maybe 5.30.
Diana: Ok.
Tommy: How's Grandma?
Diana: Oh, she's getting stronger and stronger. It's been two months since the operation.
Tommy: I know. Is Aunt Irene coming to Dad's birthday?
Diana: Yes, she's doing the early shift at the hospital tomorrow.
Tommy: Ok.
Diana: Good night, my son! :)
Tommy: Good night, Mother! :D
Summary: It's Dad's birthday tomorrow. Jack will buy the new Beatles collection from himself and Tommy. Diana bought a set of four ties. Tommy will come to Diana around 5.00-5.30. Grandma's getting better after the operation. Aunt Irene's coming do Dad's birthday. 
Dialogue: Mona: my hands are so rough
Mona: i can't stand it
Jen: i have nice cream, i can bring you tomorrow
Mona: i have tried every cream in this country
Jen: and nothing?
Mona: nothing
Mona: and there comes winter and it will be worse
Jen: hmm, strange
Jen: how much water do you drink daily?
Mona: about 1 liter
Jen: it's not enough!
Mona: i know, but why are you asking?
Jen: your body needs water everywhere
Jen: so if you drink so little it cuts down water
Jen: skin goes first
Mona: really
Jen: yup, you need to drink more!
Jen: your body is just dehydrated
Mona: i will try
Jen: and go to the doctor if it doesn't help
Mona: ok, thank you
Summary: The skin on Mona's hands is very dry. No cream seems to be helping with it. Jen advises Mona to drink more water as her dry skin might be due to dehydration.
Dialogue: Blair: The party is cancelled
Serena: What? Why???
Blair: Josh is sick again
Serena: Oh no...
Blair: You are welcome to come buy and pick up some food, I've prepared a tone
Serena: Can I help?
Blair: You could pick up something from the drugstore, if that's not too much trouble
Serena: For your food I could dig a hole to China <3
Summary: Serena is going to take some food from Blair, because the party is cancelled.
Dialogue: Amanda: Today is Black Friday!! 
Rose: And?
Amanda: I'm just checking the crazy deals at Amazon!!
Rose: Capitalistic bullshit.
Mary: I'm not getting anything either.
Amanda: Are you serious? You can get stuff so much cheaper.
Rose: Stuff made by little undernourished Chinese hands?
Rose: No, thank you.
Amanda: And all the clothes that you wear? Don't be a hypocrite!
Rose: I stopped buying them. 
Rose: I'm not supporting modern day slavery!
Mary: I don't think these Black Friday deals are so awesome anyways.
Mary: I don't have time for this nonsense. 
Mary: Browsing the Internet all day, nah.... not for me... 
Summary: Amanda is excited about Black Friday deals and is browsing Amazon. Rose and Mary have reservations.
Dialogue: Darcy: This new Ruth Wilson show looks good!
Jay: What's it called?
Darcy: Mrs. Wilson I think!
Jay: Oh! LOL!
Darcy: Yeah, but it's all about her own family. She plays like her grandmother or something.
Jay: Really? 
Darcy: Yeah. They like found out he was a spy and had another wife and kids!
Jay: This is the chick who plays Alice on Luther, right? 
Darcy: Yes! This is her new show.
Jay: So she probably won't be back for Luther?
Darcy: Don't think so. She supposedly died, remember?
Jay: Yea, but you know how that goes.
Darcy: I know. They always bring them back somehow.
Jay: Maybe she was just busy doing this show when they wanted her for Luther.
Darcy: That's probably it.
Jay: Anyway, maybe I'll watch the new show. When is it on?
Darcy: I don't know just watch it on iplayer.
Jay: Good idea.
Darcy: That's what I do. I can watch a bunch at once and get caught up.
Jay: I hate having to be tied to a single night for a show.
Darcy: Me too!
Summary: There is a new show with Ruth Wilson. She plays Alice on Luther as well.  Darcy watches it on iplayer. 
Dialogue: Wendy: I told you not to eat my yoghurts!
Lark: Sorry, I'll buy you some later
Wendy: Sure... You always say it
Wendy: I'm fed up with it
Summary: Lark once again ate Wendy's yoghurt and she is fed up with it.
Dialogue: Damian: guys, it's crazy, is there any left government left in Europe?
Daniel: I think there is none right now😓
Dominic: And Portugal or Spain?
Daniel: you're right! 
Damian: But nobody else? the Baltic states? or Scandinavia?
Daniel: In Sweden there is a coalition of the Green Party and some lefties with the prime minister
Damian: ok, we have 3 for now, anything else?
Dominic: But you mean only the EU?
Damian: ok, let's stay with the EU for now, will be easier
Dominic: I think also Slovakia has an awkwardly left government
Damian: Why awkwardly? 
Dominic: Because they are quite conservative hahah
Dominic: or populist, and we don't really know about France and Italy
Daniel: I've just checked, Malta has also a left government
Damian: ok, thanks guys! quite dim the perspective anyway:(
Summary: Damian, Daniel and Dominic are trying to figure out which countries in the EU have a left-leaning government. According to them, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Malta and partially Slovakia can be described as such.
Dialogue: Mark: Hey guys! Any cat ppl here?
Mat: Nah. I'm a dog person!
Anna: I <3 cats!
Mark: Anna, y do u like cats?
Anna: They're so cute and fluffy <3 
Mat: Yeah, and malicious!
Anna: No, they're not!
Mat: Lemme tell you something! I don't like cats. But every time I visit someone who has a cat, the bloody things comes to me and wants me to pet it. 
Mark: Heard that's a sign of a good person.
Anna: Me too.
Mat: A person who's good in cat fur, for sure!
Mark: Do you have a cat, Anna?
Anna: Sure, 2. Fluffy and Butters :)
Mat: U named ur cats Fluffy and Butters? They must be so happy ;)
Anna: And what's ur dogs name?
Mat: Count :)
Mark: I know a word that's similar, but won't say it out loud ;)
Anna: Lol
Mat: Shut it, Mark! It's from Count of Monte Christo!
Anna: Never read it. What's it about?
Mark: Srsly?! That's one of my faves.
Mat: It's an adventure novel based in the 19th century. Napoleonic times I think.
Anna: Ah... It's old. I don't like such books. I prefer something about love and passion.
Mark: There's a lot of that in this book ;) 
Anna: Rly?
Mat: Oh sure! The main character is falsely accused of something a couple of days before getting married.
Anna: And then what happens?
Mark: He gets thrown into jail and plots revenge on the ppl who destroyed his happiness!
Anna: Oh my! That's interesting! I'll have to read it someday!
Summary: Anna loves cats. She has 2 cats named Fluffy and Butters. Mat doesn't like cats. Mat has a dog named Count. The name comes from Count of Monte Christo.
Dialogue: Carter: <file_photo> Sure it's nearly Christmas, right Chloe!?!
Chloe: Yes so it's time I bought you new socks ha
Carter: Socks serve the purpose of keeping your feet warm, why do they have to be the same 😉
Victoria: I gave up for the second dive today. Felt like Christmas under there... and to cheer me up I bought myself a new shiny piece of gold equipment....so.....definitely Christmas! Love the unmatched socks 😍🤙🏼🤙🏼
Summary: Christmas is coming. Chloe will buy Carter new socks as he wears them unmatched. Victoria bought herself a new piece of gold equipment.
Dialogue: Adam: hey do you have my math book?
Harry: No why would i have it?
Adam: i cant find it my backpack i thought may be you kept it by mistake
Harry: oh let me check then
Adam: please
Harry: yes its here:) will give you tomorrow
Summary: Harry has Adam's math book. He will give it back to Adam tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Monica: I think, i left my cable yesterday at your place.
Josh: You mean this ? <file_photo>
Monica: Nope, it was white.
Josh: where did  you leave it? 
Josh: what do you think?
Monica: in the kitchen
Josh: ok, there's sth... <file_photo>
Monica: yes, that's mine!
Monica: How can I get it back?
Josh: I'll be in the centre Thursday evening
Josh: is that fine for you?
Monica: Thursday is too late, actually...
Josh: So you need to come here, sorry!
Monica: ok, what's your plan for today?
Josh: homeworking all day long ;-)
Monica: ok, I'll be in 1h.
Josh: ok, waiting xD
Summary: Monica left her cable yesterday at Josh's place. Monica will be in 1 hour.
Dialogue: Wendy: Hey, what was the accurate address of your apartament? I'm wandering around the street and looking for it.
Liz: Roosevelt Street 12/2
Wendy: 12? Where's 12?
Liz: Next to 7/11 store.
Wendy: Ok, I see it. Be there in 2 minutes.
Liz: I'll open the door for you.
Summary: Wendy can't find Liz' apartment. Liz lives at  Roosevelt Street 12/2. Wendy will be there in 2 minutes.
Dialogue: Leroy: Hey, mom is asking what time you're coming over.
Shaniqua: around 5. Is that okay?
Leroy: Yeah, I think so. Can you pick up some wine on the wine? I forgot to get it yesterday and we don't have any.
Shaniqua: No prob. I will get a few bottles. If you need anything else, just get back to me before 4.30, ok?
Leroy: Will do. Are you bringing the dogs with you?
Shaniqua: No, I was gonna leave them with my neighbor. She has a yorkie so it's not a problem.
Leroy: Mom is saying you can bring them. There will be some kids so they can play with them.
Shaniqua: I think I'd rather leave them. It's too overwhelming for them, too noisy, they get scared.
Leroy: Ok, up to you. Maybe they need a shock therapy though and spend some time with people.
Shaniqua: Perhaps. Still not gonna do it ;) How's mom?
Leroy: All good. Hasn't mentioned Trump yet so I guess that's good.
Shaniqua: Yeah, I wish she would stop doing that around other people. Nobody wants to listen to her rambling on about him.
Leroy: I think it's funny! At least she doesn't do it in public. So could be worse. 
Shaniqua: Yeah, she's like two steps away from it. Just make sure she stays away from politics at least until get I get there.
Summary: Shaniqua is coming around 5. She will buy a few bottles of wine. Shaniqua was going to leave the dogs with her neighbor. Leroy finds it funny when mum mentions Trump. 
Dialogue: Vaden: Tonight I have the party for little Denis :)
Nina: Oh really? 
Nina: With your family?
Nina: He is such a cutie
Vaden: Yes with the whole family :) He really is ❤️
Nina: Gorgeous little angel
Nina: Please wish your sister congratulations from me :)
Vaden: I will, thank you :) 
Summary: Vaden organises a party for little Denis and invites the whole family.
Dialogue: Martha: I can't make it today... sorry
Jonas: :-(
Kuba: ok 
Summary: Martha can't meet with Jonas and Kuba today.
Dialogue: Kim: can you send me the list of exams for the following weeks please?
Paul: sure so
Paul: Monday 10am society 
Paul: Tuesday government 11am
Paul: Wednesday 10 history or 3 audio 
Kim: awesome thanks so much! wanna meet and study?
Paul: sure when are you free?
Kim: tm? anytime 
Paul: yeah that be great I work till 3 but then im free 
Kim: yes great I have something in the morning so after 3 is great 
Paul: at karma? say 4? 
Kim: awesome! see you then!
Paul: see you! 
Summary: Paul sends Kim the list of exams: Monday 10am society, Tuesday 11 am government, Wednesday 10 history or 3 audio. They will study together tomorrow at 4 pm at Karma.
Dialogue: Jess: <file_video>
Jess: or
Jess: <file_video>
Abby: For our first dance?
Jess: yes xD
Abby: you're kidding
Jess: it would be fun!!
Abby: it would be an embarrassing
Jess: We still have half a year
Abby: forget it :D
Summary: Jess suggests two videos for her first dance with Abby. Their wedding is in six months.
Dialogue: Freya: girls, do you want to go on shopping with me? after classes
Diane: sure!!! what are you buying?
Freya: I need some trousers and maybe some shirts...it's getting colder
Justine: hi!!! I'm in, I need jeans too
Freya: cool, what colour?
Justine: black, with wholes on the knees
Freya: you joking...I need the same XDDD
Diane: you can laugh now...cause I was looking for it too xD
Freya: hahahahahah
Freya: 3 pairs of black jeans with wholes then
Diane: yep :D
Summary: Freya, Diane and Justine are going shopping after classes. They all need to buy trousers.
Dialogue: Lindsey: Oh goodness, Ive been having so much work recently...
Lindsey: Im tired and nervous all the time.
Sandra: Yeah, I know what its like. 
Eveline: maybe you should have a holiday?
Eveline: go somewhere nice, even just for a few days.
Lindsey: Id love to, but probably I cant.
Lindsey: my boss wouldnt even give me one day off :/
Sandra: yep, work in accounting has never been easy.
Sandra: during some periods its just impossible to have a vacation.
Eveline: I couldnt do that kind of job, really.
Eveline: I prefer to earn a bit less, but not to be stressed all the time.
Sandra: everybody can choose
Eveline: exactly.
Lindsey: Ok, bye for now girls! Gotta get back to work...
Sandra: bye, Lindsey! Take care! :*
Summary: Lindsey complains about her stressful job. Eveline advises she take a holiday. Lindsey's boss wouldn't let her do it due to busy period.
Dialogue: Michael: Hi there! How was the concert yesterday?
Michael: sorry I couldn't make it
Ursula: not so good
Michael: how come?
Ursula: no one came
Michael: wtf no one?????
Ursula: not a soul
Michael: oh gawd im so so sorry
Ursula: it's ok, we played anyway. Only we didn't get paid of course
Michael: fml
Ursula: fml indeed
Summary: Michael couldn't come to the concert yesterday. Nobody came, so Ursula didn't get paid.
Dialogue: Kouki: I am starving!! 
Jake: Me too
Jake: But I have stuff to do rn
Kouki: Hurry up!! 
Jake: K Im done soon
Kouki: 🙄
Jake: Where we eat? 
Kouki: downstairs cafeteria
Jake: K 
Summary: Jake and Kouki will have something to eat at the cafeteria downstairs.
Dialogue: Garry: I will send it tonight :) Face, how was your journey???
Frankie: Pretty cool. its snowing. I passed metropolises Radom and Kielce - I can die now :D :D :D
Garry: haha. But listen to Passion first ;) You must!!! And please report to us :)
Frankie: I just cant wait for passion, thank you Dan <3 i will take the autographs for you. 
Dan: Buy a CD, will give u the money back
Summary: Frankie is going to a concert of Passion, he will buy a cd and get autographs for Dan. 
Dialogue: Leyla: How is your little one now?
Rudy: He is fine
Rudy: What about yours?
Leyla: He is ill a bit
Rudy: Have you gone to doctor?
Leyla: I will
Rudy: All the best
Leyla: Ty sweety :)
Summary: Leyla's little one is fine but Rudy's is sick. Rudy is going to see a doctor.
Dialogue: Mike: mom can i call in a few min
Mom: yea sure hon
Mike: yea just got something to do
Mom: ill be waiting
Mike: ill be back in a min
Mom: *kisses*
Summary: Mike will call Mom in a minute.
Dialogue: Emma: the show is about to start where are u?
William: Coming
Emma: Hury up
Summary: The show is nearly starting. William is coming.
Dialogue: Artur: Where do we send the project from Start Mangt?
Essa: To Daniel
Artur: Thanks. How about those presentations from the beginning? Also to him?
Essa: Yea, we send it all together
Przemek: As pptx?
Artur: All has to be in PDF, I remember him saying that
Daniel: Speaking of, I have only received 15 emails. From 51 :p
Artem: Deadline?
Daniel: Today...
Artem: What time?
Daniel: Let's say 23:59 :)
Artem: Ok, thanks
Bartek: There is no way I can send it today. When do you have to send it to the professor? Maybe we can get some extension?
Daniel: I spoke to the professor, he said that I have to send it to him by Sunday. I guess I can accept all during the night, but no later, sorry guys. Btw, 28/51
Maria: We still have a few minutes left :D
Daniel: I know we have exams next week, but please guys, the final is tomorrow. I can't send what I have so far - 31/51
Daniel: <file_other>. Please have a look, all student numbers marked in green are the ones I have received on my email
Viktor: I sent you mine over a week ago, but it isn't green?
Daniel: Found it, thanks for pointing that out. If someone isn't marked just send it to me again :)
Aigerim: I sent mine as well - 79730
Daniel: You were marked already...
Aigerim: Ok, sorry, thought you marked only people that haven't submitted yet
Summary: Daniel is collecting the presentations from Start Mangt to send them to the professor by Sunday. He has received 31 e-mails out of 51 so far. The deadline is tomorrow at 23:59.
Dialogue: Howard: Wisner made it to the US!
Anastasia: That's great!
Janine: Oh wow! Amazing news
Janine: I thought it was mission impossible
Howard: I talked to him yesterday
Howard: He's safe
Howard: He crossed the border with Dominican Republic and then took a raft to the US shores. 
Howard: Somehow they managed to miss the boarder patrols 
Summary: Wisner arrived to the US. He had to cross the Dominican Republic border and to take a raft to the US shores.
Dialogue: Nevaeh: so what time do you want me to come?
Gavin: it's up to you
Nevaeh: this week I gonna have some interships at school, and on tuesday i should be free from 14.30 or 15.30. would it be ok with u?
Gavin: just for 1h you will be free tomorrow?
Nevaeh: No
Gavin: I will be free from around 15.30
Nevaeh: I want to see you but if it will be for 1h I do not know. i will see what more i can do here
Gavin: I said I will have time from 15.30. I didn't say I gonna have only 1 h
Nevaeh: that will ok then
Gavin: talk to u later have go to work
Summary: Nevaeh is seeing Gavin on Tuesday at around 15.30. 
Dialogue: Jill: are you there yet, June?
June: almost, 5 mins
Jill: I'll be a lil late. Can you get a nice table for us?
June: ok, no prob
Summary: Jill will be a little late. June is almost there and she will get a nice table for them. 
Dialogue: Rob: have you sorted out the bromley job?
Jenny: yes I have posted the form this morning
Rob: did you include the plans
Jenny: yes and the ones from their last job they needed
Rob: good can I leave you with sorting the Newcastle and Sheffield ones this afternoon?
Jenny: yes but I need to leave by 4 remember the docs appt
Rob: yes no problem that will be fine
Jenny: did you speak to lousie about coming over to join us on Wednesday for the training?
Rob: no can you get hold of her today?
Jenny: yes does she need to bring phil or he already coming over?
Rob: i'm pretty sure that he is coming anyway but get her to remind him.. it may be best they both come together less cars
Jenny: I will put that to her she may not want to drive alone
Rob: she may not want to drive with phil lol
Summary: Jenny has posted the form for Bromley this morning, including the plans for this job and for the previous one. Jenny will take care of Newcastle and Sheffield assignments this afternoon. Today she will leave work at 4. Jenny will make sure Louise and Phil are coming to the training on Wednesday.
Dialogue: Jack: hey come to the department right now
Will: why what's up
Jack: the teacher's calling
Will: what for
Jack: the quiz, remember
Will: dude just come up with something and i'll give it later ps. thanks you're the friend xD
Summary: The teacher is calling for the quiz but Will can't come at the moment.
Dialogue: Emily: im close by, so whenever you get here :)
Marta: 5 min we are close
Emily: ok
Emily: could we meet earlier tomorrow? 
Marta: sure! sounds great
Emily: ok awesome thank you!
Marta: what time?
Emily: 2:30pm?
Marta: perfect 
Summary: Marta and Emily will meet in 5 minutes. Tomorrow they will meet at 2:30 pm.
Dialogue: Steven: Do you know any reliable place where I can get my car fixed?
Nathan: Hm, let me think... What's wrong with it?
Steven: Breaks, I think
Nathan: Damn, you're right to check it. My cousin's friend is a true carfreak, he's working for Volvo, but he may it at his place.
Steven: Would be great, it's a hybrid so you know, I don't want to give it to anyone.
Nathan: Oh good to know man! Hahaha, too bad for you, but I bet Tom will be pretty hyped about this :D
Steven: Glad that at least one person will be happy about my broken breaks :P
Nathan: Sending you his number, call him first, I don't remember his address.
Summary: Steven needs to have his hybrid car fixed. Nathan recommends Tom.
Dialogue: Aaron: hey, i don't wanna be nosy, but why were you so beat-up?
Aaron: did you get into fight or what?
Jacob: no, i just had a car accident
Jacob: i'm ok
Aaron: ok? you look as if a truck hit you!
Aaron: you've seen a doctor, right?
Jacob: i'm ok, i told you, chill out
Aaron: are you out of your mind?! you need to go to the hospital!!
Aaron: i'll be there in 20 mins
Summary: Jacob had a car accident. Aaron will be there in 20 minutes to take Jacob to see a doctor at the hospital. 
Dialogue: Annie: Miiikeeeee
Annie: let's meet next week
Annie: let's play some games
Annie: wooohoooo
Mike: haha hey Annie
Mike: sure, it's been a long time since we've had a game night!
Mike: I wanna play 7 wonders
Annie: why not!
Annie: it's only my favourite board game of all time xD
Mike: coz it's soooo gooood
Mike: anyway, that's an excellent idea
Mike: let's do this
Annie: yay!
Summary: Annie and Mike want to meet next week to play some games. Annie's favourite one is 7 Wonders.
Dialogue: Owen: Babe, you okay? xx
Alex: Not now Owen.
Owen: You can tell me :*
Alex: Look, I'm in a shitty mood and ready to tear someone's head off, and I'ld rather not do that, let alone to my boyfriend.
Owen: I've seen you angry, I'm not worried ;)
Alex: No, you've seen me annoyed. Right now I feel pissed
Alex: She had no right!! GRRR!!!
Owen: I know, I agree - which is why I told Deacon what happened
Alex: WHAT?!! Owen, now everyone in the office is gonna think that I need my boyfriend to fix my messes for me
Owen: OR
Owen: They'll think that you're amazing bf loves you som much he's willing to stand up for you
Owen: * Your
Summary: Alex is angry with what another girl did. Owen told Deacon what happened. Alex does not want Owen to intermeddle.
Dialogue: Marie: Hello, i can order the Egyptian princess and the Aphrodite outfits for us. There is  one Centurion and one  gladiator or two romans. I didn't find other outfits. Is it ok for you?
Sophie: Guy said "anyway, we'll look silly", so it's up to you.
Marie: are you sure that Anne and Benoit are not  joining us?
Sophie: yes, only the four of us
Marie: ok. In this case we could order the 2 romans. Guy and Paul would be alike.
Sophie: good.
Marie: <file_photo>
Marie: for confirmation. That are the romans one that i'll order?
Sophie: yes thanks. Are you also ordering ours?
Marie:  yes, it's easier. Which size L ou XL for Guy?
Sophie: L is fine. And M for me
Marie: there is only one size for women. Don't eat too much  before the party...
Sophie: we'll be perfect
Marie:  shall we take the  helmet for our men? It's not included?
Sophie: no; they'll look stupid enough without helmet
Marie:  you're right, it's enough
Sophie: but we need shoes...
Marie: Princesses won't go bare foot....lol
Sophie: I don't have golden sandals!
Marie: what's your size?
Sophie: 39
Marie: i must have  some for you
Marie: <file_other>
Sophie: are you opening a shop for branded shoes? 
Marie: LOL... i love shoes
Sophie: i see. thanks l'll come and try some when outfits would be deliver
Marie: ok . I take care of everything
Summary: Marie will order the Egyptian princess and the Aphrodite outfits for her and Sophie and two Romans for Guy and Paul. Guy needs size L. There is only one size for women. Marie has golden sandals size 39 for Sophie, who will come and try them on when the costumes are delivered.
Dialogue: Kate: I've checked the price
Lia: and?
Kate: it's 37$ for a 1-day pass
Margaret: what? that's not cheap
Kate: but it's a huge archaeological site
Kate: there're also other options
Margaret: namely?
Kate: 3-day pass and 7-day pass
Stella: hmm, but can we stay that long?
Kate: 3 days we can afford
Margaret: what is the price?
Kate: 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72
Margaret: crap, the difference between 3 and 7 is nothing
Lia: quite mean
Summary: The prices for the archeological site are: 37$ for a 1-day pass, 3-day pass – US$ 62 and 7-day pass – US$ 72.
Dialogue: Daryl: Where did u find this?
Jo: Just googled it.
Lou: It says that nearly 50% of teens can be addicted to games. 
Daryl: Rly? Do u feel addicted?
Jo: Nope. I'm a casual gamer. Once or twice a week for 2/3 hrs. And that's it.
Lou: Well, I play every day. Bt I don't feel addicted.
Daryl: Ru sure? Tried stopping for a week?
Lou: Y would I?
Jo: Just for the sake of it. Maybe u'll like the outside world better ;)
Lou: Stop mocking me. I'm not a junkie!
Daryl: Sure ur not. Probably already thinking about Battlefield, eh?
Lou: No!
Summary: Daryl. Jo and Lou discuss addiction to games. Jo plays once or twice a week for 2-3 hours. Lou plays every day, but he doesn't feel addicted. 
Dialogue: Andrew: Omg... everything's becoming so expensive!
Andrew: I just got my electricity bill for the last 6 months, look
Andrew: <file_photo>
Johnny: 500 for 6 months, thats quite a lot
Phillip: Im afraid its normal, I pay similar amounts
Andrew: never paid so much before
Andrew: but I know of course that everything's becoming more expensive
Phillip: :(
Summary: Everything is becoming more expensive. Andrew is upset because his electricity bill for 6 months is 500.
Dialogue: Ella: Are you on the bus?
Lisa: Yes missed the first one so on the 49. Will be there in about 10 mins
Ella: ok I'll meet you at the bus stop
Summary: Lisa missed the bus. She will meet with Ella at the bus stop in 10 minutes.
Dialogue: Mariella: Anybody wants a sandwich?
Marion: are you going to the fat lady?
Mariella: yes!
Jerry: buy one for me, with pecorino cheese
Marion: and for me, one with cheddar
Mariella: done!
Summary: Mariella will buy a pecorino cheese sandwich for Jerry and one with cheddar for Marion.
