Dialogue: Sam: Hey Mel, are you free on Sat.?
Melanie: Hey Sam, not this one, it's my Grandma's b-day, but the next one I'm free.
Melanie: What's up?
Sam: Well my aunt is getting married in a month.
Sam: Or rather re-married.
Sam: Uncle and her got divorced, and after 8 yrs apart they got back together, long story.
Melanie: Haha, that sounds interesting.
Sam: And the thing is that the wedding is all like fancy.
Melanie: And you have nothing to wear.
Sam: That's the point.
Sam: You know me well, my style is not exactly "fancy".
Sam: Or maybe even very far from it.
Melanie: LOL, I'm sure we'll find something.
Melanie: And you will look fab!
Sam: OK, so Sat. 10am at St. Laurent Shopping Centre?
Melanie: Sure, count me in :)
Summary: It's Melanie's grandma's birthday this Saturday. Melanie will be free on next Saturday. Sam's aunt is getting married in a month. Sam and Melanie will meet at St. Laurent Shopping Centre at 10am on Saturday.
Dialogue: Bryan: Meeting at 10 tomorrow, remember?
Richard: Yes, I remember. Is the CEO going to be present?
Bryan: I would think so. Would you be ready to show the financial reports?
Richard: Sure, no problem.
Bryan: Ok, good. I'll inform Matthew.
Summary:  Bryan and Richard will participate in the meeting. CEO will be present there. Richard will present the financial reports during the meeting. 
Dialogue: Tomas: Should we do the shooting tomorrow?
Adam: weather is too bad
Mai: exactly, I'm afraid we may have to wait till April/May
Tomas: but exactly for this reason we should try tomorrow, the forecast is very good, it's supposed to be really sunny
Tomas: it may be the last opportunity this year to shoot some nice stuff
Adam: you're right, I've just checked the forecast
Mai: so we have to start early, at 6.30 
Tomas: perfect for me!
Adam: deal! We will meet at the hill!
Summary: Mai, Tomas and Adam will meet at the hill at 6.30 tomorrow to do the shooting.
Dialogue: Erik: So are we going to the beach this weekend?
Sam: I don't know
Sam: I feel so fat 😫
Erik: Naah you look great!
Sam: I don't know.
Sam: But let's wait until Friday and see then.
Erik: Okay! I hope the weather is nice! 
Sam: Btw, I still have that voucher for the cinema! What about that instead? There is some good stuff showing!
Erik: Yeah, why not, good idea!
Sam: Fri or Sat?
Erik: Sat eve would be perf!
Sam: Do you mind if Troy joins?
Sam: We would need a ride, hehe, would that be cool? 🙏
Erik: Yeah, sure no probs, I'll prob get James to tag along anyways!
Sam: Awesome, we could grab a beer on the way, maybe down at Phil's 
Erik: Could you bring that book along? My dad was on about it, I keep forgetting 🤦‍♂️
Sam: Np, I copied what I needed, superb stuff in there!
Erik: Yeah, some pretty good references!
Sam: Deffo! 
Summary: Erik and Sam are going for a drink and to the cinema on Saturday, they will invite Troy and James as well. Sam will bring the book for Erik. 
Dialogue: Xavier: i need your help
Xavier: could I spend the night at your place?
Tyler: what happened?
Tyler: sure
Xavier: i've managed to break my house key somehow, so now i can't get into my house
Xavier: and it's too late to call the janitor or a locksmith :/
Tyler: well, you're lucky - my housemate used to work as a locksmith :)
Tyler: he said he'll be there in 15 mins :)
Xavier: omg thank you!!!
Summary: Xavier broke his house key and he can't get into the house now. It's late to call the janitor or a locksmith. Luckily, Tyler's housemate used to work as a locksmith and he will be in Xavier's place in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Leisha: So, how are you
Zelda: Good, the first shower in 10 days, I’m in ecstasy xd
Leisha: Yea, me too, I spend there like half an hour straight ;p
Zelda: Me not that much, I wanted my bed too much ;d
Leisha: Eh it was tough, but so great!!
Zelda: Yes, now I know scouting is hardcore ;p
Leisha: Do you think you’re going for the next camp?
Zelda: I think so, yes, but now I just need to rest and do nothing for 3 days xp
Leisha: Me too! Good thing theres no school
Zelda: Yea that would kill us definitely, that’s why I’m concerned about the next one
Leisha: What do you mean?
Zelda: It’s in the winter and we will have classes right after coming back
Leisha: Well my parents will let me not to go, to rest
Zelda: Mine probably not ;/
Leisha: It sucks o.o But it’ll be cold, we’re not going to live in tents like this time???
Zelda: No, they always find some places, empty schools, government building or sth
Leisha: Creepy ;p
Summary: Zelda and Leisha came back from a scout camp. They had their first shower in 10 days. They would like to go for the next camp, but their parents probably won't let them. In winter scouts don't sleep in tents but in empty schools or government buildings etc.
Dialogue: Fiona: Hello Annie, are you at home? Could I ask you to have look at my text and correct the endings? The way we did it before.
Annie: Hello Fiona, sure. Let me have your file.
Annie: Are YOU still at home? I thought you were on holiday by now.
Fiona: We're flying tomorrow and I've feverishly been trying now to finish that text. But don't feel under pressure please. Do it at your own speed, since I have to add footnotes to it online and will be able to do it only after we are back. I thought I'd give it a final brush now as long as I remember the details.  But I can put in your corrections and the footnotes next month. No pro!
Fiona: <file_other>
Fiona: Has it got through alright Annie, or shall I attach it to an email?
Annie: No thanks. It's perfectly readable. A nice piece. I'll let you know when I'm ready. Shouldn't be much work.
Fiona: Good. It has costed me so much time to do the research for it that I would hate hours of work on top of it. I think I need this holiday... Just feel knackered.
Annie: You tend to overwork. Fiona. Let yourself being lazy now for a change. Where are you going?
Fiona: Cancun, Yucatan, Mexico.
Annie: Sounds like a beach holiday, snorkelling and partying.
Fiona: Nothing of this sort, or nearly so. Mark wants to visit all Maya monuments in Yukatan, so we'll be driving from place to place. But our hotel is on the beach, so there is a chance of an odd dive. Quite looking forward to it!
Annie: That sounds marvelous. I always wanted to climb those Maya pyramids.
Fiona: I think some of them are no longer open to tourists. You can admire them from below but they are impressive anyway. I'll send you some pics.
Annie: Many thanks in advance! Well enjoy your holidays!
Fiona: Thank you. We'll be in touch.
Summary: Before Fiona goes on holiday to Mexico, she will correct Annie's text.
Dialogue: Larry: You there?
Gabe: Yup
Larry: Wanna come over and play some co-op shit on my PS4?
Gabe: Ok for me
Larry: Good!
Summary: Gabe is coming over to Larry's to play games on PS4.
Dialogue: Joanna: I just bumped into Trevor
Andy: Trevor as in your ex Trevor?
Joanna: Trevor as in the love of my life 10 years ago Trevor
Andy: Wow. How did he look?
Joanna: Got a little fat.
Andy: Fat is good.
Joanna: And you could see a bold spot on the top of his head.
Andy: Perfect! You win the breakup then?
Joanna: Hell I do! 
Summary: Joanna bumped into her ex boyfriend Trevor. Trevor got fat and bold. Andy and Joanna think she won the breakup.
Dialogue: Kieran: Does anyone else want to catch a private shuttle with me to San Antonio on Wednesday? 
Erica: We are going on Wednesday but we are thinking Public shuttle. Anyone wants to share an airbnb for Wed/Thursday night?
Summer: I’m down to go with you but need to work at 3 so I’d need an early shuttle 
Victor: Our plan is taking the shuttle in the afternoon. 3pm from cobano
Victor: Let us know how much would be the private shuttle but public one is only 15$
Kieran: Private is $50, no price break for more people either
Summer: Took the public bus here. It’s pretty nice but took us sooo long because the timings were off
Victor: We took the private shuttle but it took us sooo long because the timings were off :P
Summer: The ferry was fine. It’s that the bus was supposed to show up at 6am but didn’t show up until 8:30
Summer: The actual ride was only like 5 hours but waiting around for 2.5 hours made it longer
Summary: Kieran is going to San Antonio on Wednesday with a private shuttle. Erica's also going, but rather with a public shuttle. Victor's taking the shuttle at 3pm from Cobano. Private shuttle is $50, public shuttle is $15. The last time Summer took a public bus it was late by 2.5 hours.
Dialogue: Joe: hey love
Joe: i really cant stop thinking about yesterday
Kendy: haha, stop messing with me, it was just a normal kiss
Joe: no, it wasnt normal, it was lit
Kendy: haha😁💕
Joe: when will we meet again?
Kendy: whenever you want?
Joe: so if i said right now you'd come?
Kendy: haha, no!
Joe: haha, i thought you said whenever
Kendy: yeah i know, bu sunday will be perfect
Joe: okay then, sunday lunch it is
Kendy: okay dear
Summary: Joe can't stop thinking about yesterday's kiss with Kendy. They will see each other for Sunday lunch.
Dialogue: Poppy: We're leaving in 15min, so get ready, it won't take more than 20min to get to your place
Daisy: ok, Dylan is ready, me - almost
Dylan: Yes, I will wait for you outside
Daisy: how will drive?
Tommy: me, why?
Daisy: just to know who can't drink tonight
Tommy: don't remind me this tragic fact
Summary: Poppy and Tommy are about to pick up Dylan and Daisy to go out. 
Dialogue: Rick: that goes without saying!! what type of music should we have their then?
Evelyn: Haha of course 🙂Hmm how about sound of music?
Rick: which song?
Evelyn: I've got no idea
Rick: ohh - iv got music for my dramatic entrance!!
Evelyn: Ooh go on ;)
Rick: its the spy theme tune they always play in spy movies
Evelyn: Haha like your a new detective ;)
Rick: you know - dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de dun...
Evelyn: Of course I know what you mean ;) yeah sure 🙂
Rick: de de duuuunnn, de de duuuuuuuuunn, de de duuuuuuuuunnn, de dem
Evelyn: You're erm gettin rather carried away now aren't you ;)
Summary: Rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance.
Dialogue: Ralph: I've got a problem, Ted.
Ted: No kidding! So, what's new?
Ralph: You're so fucking funny, Ted.
Ralph: Must be hard being so funny.
Ted: Got to live with that:(
Ted: So, what's the problem?
Ralph: It's this bloody printer again.
Ralph: I think it doesn't like me.
Ted: It might be so, I'm afraid.
Ralph: Come on.
Ted: OK. What did you do?
Ralph: Nothing unusual. Just trying to print a few pages.
Ted: From your desk PC or somewhere else?
Ralph: Form my comp.
Ted: And what happens?
Ralph: When I click print nothing happens.
Ted: Do you get any message on your screen.
Ralph: Yeah, I do. It's: Printer not installed.
Ted: Which printer did you choose?
Ralph: What do you mean choose? Just clicked: Print.
Ted: Give me 5 minutes. I'll come over.
Summary: Ralph has a problem with the printer. Ted will come over to him in 5 minutes to help.
Dialogue: Karen: Jerry and I can't come today, do you know anyone who may be interested in our tickets?
Anne: I'll ask my friend Martha, I think she may be interested, but only in one ticket
Gabe: Hm, maybe my cousin would like to join us - I'll ask asap
Karen: Thanks, let me know, I can send you tickets as we speak as we only have an electronic version
Gabe: Cool! He's in
Summary: Karen and Jerry can't come tonight. Martha will buy one ticket from her and Gabe's cousin will buy the other one. 
Dialogue: Tina: Guys, you ready?
Peter: waiting for Tom
Jane: on my way
Tina: Should I call an uber?
Peter: yes, we’ll be there in a minute
Peter: Go without us guys
Peter: Lost Tom
Tina: Ok, call us when you get home safe
Summary: Jane's coming. Peter's waiting for Tom. Tina's calling an uber. Girls will go alone, because Peter lost Tom.
Dialogue: Lisa: Are you arriving in Brisbane today?
Terry: Yes, we're landing at 5
Johnny: Will you pick us up?
Lisa: I will, sure
Johnny: how is the work going?
Lisa: tiring recently, we've had an invasion of jellyfish here
Lisa: more than 5000 people were stung by bluebottles over the weekend
Terry: gosh, why so many?
Lisa: weather drove a wall of jellyfish onto the shore
Terry: but where exactly?
Lisa: actually all of this only on Queensland's Gold and Sunshine coasts
Terry: terrifying 
Lisa: I know, and a lot of work for us
Terry: I imagine
Summary: Terry and Johnny are landing at 5 in Brisbane. Lisa will pick them up. Lisa has a lot of work recently because there was an invasion of jellyfish on Queensland's Gold and Sunshine coasts.
Dialogue: Craig: are we eating anything?
Craig: i could bring some pizza ingedients
Craig: and maybe we'll make some?
Craig: <file_gif>
Jonathan: i've bought crisps and cookies ;D
Craig: ok ;D
Craig: sounds like a treat xD
Jonathan: oh yessss xD
Summary: Craig and Jonathan are going to eat crisps and cookies. 
Dialogue: Marie: would any of you be a dear and put the pot with my soup on the stove - I'll be home in like 15 minutes.
Kimberly: I'm not home at moment :(
Vanessa: I can do that. It's the big red one right?
Marie: that's the one, thanks a lot ;*
Summary: Vanessa can put the pot with soup on the stove for Marie. 
Dialogue: Zac: I am leaving the group guys, sorry, I need to cut a bit the time I spend online
Zoe: no prob, I understand, the group is dead anyway for now
Cheryl: so maybe we can just delete it?
Zoe: sure, let's do it
Summary: Zac, Zoe and Cheryl agreed it is a good idea to delete the group.
Dialogue: Cindy: <file_gif>
Ellie: Why are you so sad? Something’s happened?
Cindy: I don’t want to talk about it…
Ellie: Cheer up! Tomorrow’s another day 😊
Cindy: <file_video>
Cindy: Have you seen it? It’s viral on the internet
Ellie: Nope, but it’s very funny 😊
Ellie: <file_gif>
Summary: Cindy is sad but doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie is trying to cheer her up.
Dialogue: Hetty: do you know how I can get an app on the ipad from internet
Alfred: through the app store
Hetty: no I mean if you are already on a site
Alfred: what site?
Hetty: if you are on a website and you want to make it an app
Alfred: oh like a shortcut to a link
Hetty: yeah that
Alfred: when you are on the website there is a square with an arrow at the top
Hetty: hold on, just opening the website
Hetty: where is the square?
Alfred: In the top right somewhere
Hetty: where? I can't see it
Alfred: <file_photo>
Hetty: oh yeah, got it
Alfred: if you look in there there should be a button called add to home screen or link to homescreen or something
Hetty: hold on
Hetty: is it in more?
Alfred: No I don't think so, bottom row I think
Hetty: oh yeah I found it
Alfred: then give it a name and off you go!
Hetty: oh wow, thanks lovely xx
Alfred: no worries mum
Alfred: what site are you on anyway
Hetty: in my Hotmail
Alfred: but that has  a link already!
Hetty: where?
Alfred: the envelope in the bottom row of your ipad!!!!
Hetty: oh is that my Hotmail? I didn't know!
Alfred: there you go, learned two things!
Hetty: thanks lovely xx
Summary: Alfred tells his mum, Hetty, how to create a shortcut on an iPad and where to find her e-mail app.
Dialogue: Amelia: Buy me sth pleaseee
Jordan: Like what
Amelia: Sth sweet
Jordan: Like what? Ice cream?
Amelia: Noo its too cold for that
Jordan: Cookies?
Amelia: Noo I’m not in the mood
Amelia: Just bring me some CHOCOLATEEEEE ;P
Jordan: Lol, ok
Summary: Jordan will buy chocolate at Amelia's request.
Dialogue: Delilah: I wanna see "Bohemian Rhapsody" sooo baad
Quinn: oh you should, it's so magical
Delilah: have you seen it already?
Quinn: yup, we want to the cinema with Christine and Monica last week
Delilah: why didn't you tell me?!
Quinn: you were out on a business trip on Wednesday, remember? ;)
Delilah: right, sorry :) so was it that good?
Quinn: it was perfect, they really did a good job and the lead actor was well chosen too
Delilah: did he sing like Freddie Mercury? :D
Quinn: haha, I think they used original Freddie voice... I doubt anyone could sing like that
Delilah: so like lip dub?
Quinn: I think so, and if it was that actor singing then he should definitely quit acting and start a career as Freddie number two ahhaha
Delilah: there is only one Freddie :D
Quinn: true that girl!
Summary: Quinn went to the cinema with Christine and Monica last Wednesday to see "Bohemian Rhapsody". He enjoyed it. Delilah wants to see it too.
Dialogue: Mark: are u out?
Spencer: yea
Mark: did u turn off the lights??
Spencer: no..
Mark: -_-
Summary: Mark left the house but didn't switch off the lights.
Dialogue: Liz: shit, I forgot to pay that invoice
Liz: what do I do now?
Tim: what invoice?
Liz: gas
Tim: pay it asap and call them
Liz: ok
Summary: Liz forgot to pay the gas invoice.
Dialogue: Kate: <file_video>
Lucy: OMG!! This is so adorable, aaa <3
Kate: I know right! I want one...
Lucy: My parents would never let me get a cat, though :( My sis is allergic to them
Kate: Oh no :( I feel you, though, mine prefer dogs. They say cats are too selfish, haha
Lucy: Well, maybe a little, LOL
Kate: Yeah, I mean they aren't completely wrong, but... I still kind of want a cat. I'm totally gonna get one when I finally move out
Lucy: Hahaha, i know what you mean! I'm gonna be that crazy cat lady in the neighbourhood, I can see it
Kate: Whaaat xD Crazy car lady?? Really?
Lucy: I've just been so deprived and having one feels lonely, I think I might not be able to stop myself hahaa
Kate: *CAT, not car, uhh
Lucy: LOL. Imagine being a car lady
Kate: Pff, you'd need a loooot of money
Lucy: Hahaha yeah, definitely more than for a few cats
Kate: Yeaaaah... Well, I dunno what I'd do with all these cars, so I think I'd rather have cats, after all xD
Lucy: Saaame :p
Summary: Kate and Lucy dream about having cats. Unfortunately, Lucy's sister is allergic to cats while Kate's sister prefers dogs.
Dialogue: Sonya: Hi, I heard from Anna Davies that you've joined our team. I'm from the AE (Audio Engineering) branch and every so often we'll be needing you for our recordings. At the moment, we only have two recordings needed for British English, but I think it's a smart idea to become familiar with the equipment as soon as possible. Therefore, I was wondering whether you could tell us what hours will you be at the office, so we could plan things out. All the best, Sonya Bennet
Adam: Hello! For now I can declare that I'll be definitely be in the office on Thursday and Friday - I should be there tomorrow and on Wednesday, but right now I can't state exactly when.
Sonya: That's alright, we don't have to declare exactly when to meet - I'm in my office everyday.
Adam: Okay - I'll let you know when I'm at the office. 
Sonya: Sorry, I should have aksed. Can we say "you" to each other, rather than Mr Jones?
Sonya: *asked
Sonya: Great, I'll send you more instructions when you arrive.
Adam: Of course! It's not a problem :) 
Adam: Okay, we'll be in touch.
Summary: Adam is joining Sonya's team. She wants to know when he will come to the office. Adam will be there on Thursday and Friday, and maybe tomorrow and on Wednesday. Sonya is going to send him more instructions then.
