Dialogue: Ursula: new cocktail bar next to our place
Ursula: <file_other>
Jennifer: Ooo, looks nice!!
Maya: Ruby's Vintage?
Maya: Hmmmm
Maya: Rings a bell.......
Ursula: they have cocktails, wines & bites
Jennifer: Hot Honey Shrimp with Curried Mango *.*
Maya: Ahhhhhhh shrimps love of my life
Maya: + Mango, my fav fruit
Ursula: so when are you free? ;-)
Maya: Fri?
Ursula: fine with me
Jennifer: But after 4pm
Jennifer: Cause I'll be busy till 3pm + getting there
Ursula: Ok ;-)
Maya: I'm free all day
Maya: So for me doesnt really matter
Maya: Can be 4pm, can be a bit later
Summary: Ursula informs Jennifer and Maya that there's a new cocktail bar serving cocktails, wines and bites next to the place she lives. They all agree to meet at the bar on Friday after 4 pm.
Dialogue: Connor: Hummer and plane in crime proceeds auction - I saw that on the BBC and thought you should know. Is it something to consider for the office Colin? Would probably be more convenient for you to arrange your own flights over…
Monica: Yeeeeeeeeeah!!!!!! Hummer for us! And a plane for Col... We can hire my dad as a pilot!
Colin: Not currently on the business plan but worth considering 😂
Summary: Connor saw a Hummer and a plane in auction and proposes Colin that he buy them for the office. 
Dialogue: Taylor: Will you watch Ben10 tonight?
Owen: I would not be at home tonight
Taylor: Oh :/
Summary: Owen will not watch Ben10 tonight, as he will not be at home.
Dialogue: Alex: Listen to this: I got offered a part time job at the pub, but... they want me to do two full "training" shifts at the weekend. Unpaid. 
Lu: What? I thought you already had a " training shift"?
Alex: Yeah, this is after I already completed a 3 hour trial shift. Is it me of is it a bit weird?
Lu: Don't do it. Free labour.
Alex: That's what I thought tbh
Lu: After the weekend they will tell you you didnt pass. So you've worked your ass off for 2 days for free
Alex: Right??
Lu: Sounds shady to me... but what do I know XD
Alex: No, you're right, this is exactly what's going to happen.
Lu: Too easy to take advantage of desperate students trying to find a job
Alex: True. I found several threads on student forums discussing this exact issue
Summary: Alex got offered a part time job at the pub, but he has to work for two unpaid shifts at the weekend as training. Alex has already worked 3 unpaid hours. Lu thinks Alex shouldn't agree to that. 
Dialogue: Marge: Lately I've been thinking of adopting a cat.
Dana: that's wonderful
Lauren: Not wanting to be a killjoy but are you sure you're ready for the responsibility?
Marge: I've been thinking about it a lot and done some research on the topic and I think I can handle it.
Dana: have you already looked for a cat?
Marge: yup, and I actually fell in love with one of the shelter cats I found. Meet Max <file_other>
Dana: omg he's the cutest <3
Lauren: those eyes tho...
Marge: I've booked a visit to the shelter to meet him this Friday. You're welcome to join me ;)
Dana: I'm in.
Lauren: I'm busy on Friday, but I wish you the best of luck ;)
Marge: Thank you :)
Summary: Dana will join Marge at the cat shelter this Friday. Marge wants to adopt Max.
Dialogue: Ann: tomorrow we're doing to see Brooklyn 
Tom: sightseeing?
Ann: yes, can you recommend anything?
Tom: in Brooklyn?
Ann: yes
Tom: the Brooklyn Bridge of course!
Ann: sure, but anything less well known? 
Tom: The Brooklyn Historical Society DUMBO is a very interesting place, and not so touristic 
Ann: What do they show?
Tom: the history of the borough and some micro-histories, also of the construction of the bridge
Ann: Will will like it then!
Tom: if you have enough time you can also try Greenwood Hight. There is a huge cemetery and the Battle Hill, the highest point of Brooklyn
Ann: great! thanks a lot. it all sounds great!
Tom: Great I could help!
Summary: Ann is going sightseeing tomorrow in Brooklyn. Tom recommends The Brooklyn Historical Society and Greenwood Hight. 
Dialogue: Ellie: Could you give me John's phone number?
Gina: let me check
Gina: no I don't have it sorry
Ellie: Okay thanks anyway!
Gina: :*
Summary: Gina couldn't give John's phone number to Ellie because she didn't have it.
Dialogue: Karen: Is Auntie's birthday this week or next?
May: next
Karen: Phew!
Karen: My parents were getting nervous that they didn't buy her anything and may not make it this week
May: Hm... I haven't heard that she'll throw a party or anything
May: I'll ask her though
Karen: If you may that'd be amazing. You know my parents, they need to know everything in advance
May: Ok, no problem. Are you going away this week?
Karen: They're probably going to the seaside for the weekend. I'm staying
May: Oh, so maybe I could join you?
Karen: Yeah, why not, bring wine, we could order some pizza
May: Cool. I was supposed to go out with my friends but they went down with a cold
May: Should I bring anything else?
Karen: No, I think we're pretty much set with netflix
May: when are your parents coming back?
Karen: Sunday, I think
May: Ok, can I come over on Saturday?
Karen: Sure, you can come even on Friday. They're leaving straight after work
Summary: Auntie's birthday is next week. May will ask if she's throwing a party. Karen's parents are going to the seaside for the weekend. May will join her on Friday. They'll have some wine, pizza and Netflix.
Dialogue: Jacqueline: hey i have a question
Grant: what's up?
Jacqueline: i'm choosing my courses for next semester and i don't know if I should take intro to sociology
Grant: you should, it's really good and professor Gartenberg is awesome
Jacqueline: that's the thing, Gartenberg retired last term, now it's someone else teaching it
Grant: do you know who?
Jacqueline: professor Edwards
Grant: stay away from him!!!
Jacqueline: why?
Grant: his classes are boring and he's very subjective when grading papers
Jacqueline: what do you mean?
Grant: I've heard that if he doesn't like you, you'll get a bad grade even if your term paper is perfect
Jacqueline: yeah, you're right, i should avoid that class
Grant: like the plague!!!!
Jacqueline: Any other recommendations?
Grant: 19th century literature is really good
Jacqueline: would you recommend that over intro to philosophy?
Grant: nope, you should take 19th century lit
Jacqueline: ok, thanks for the tip!
Grant: you're very welcome.
Summary: Jacqueline is choosing her courses for next semester. The great sociology professor Gartenberg retired last term and the new one, professor Edwards, gives boring lectures and is subjective in grading. Grant recommends lecture on 19th century literature. 
Dialogue: Greg: Hello Sophie.
Sophie: Hello, Greg. Great surprise.
Greg: Why would you say that?
Sophie: Didn't think you still have my number.
Greg: Of course, I do.
Sophie: Thought you'd rather forget me asap.
Greg: Never. I still think about you.
Sophie: I thought, I made it quite clear, you never should.
Greg: Well, you did, in a way.
Sophie: Greg, I slapped you in a face and told to get lost.
Greg: Fact.
Sophie: Just a reminder, I've done in front of the whole office.
Greg: That you did.
Sophie: So what the fuck do you want now?
Greg: Like I said I was just thinking about you.
Sophie: Well, don't!
Greg: And I remembered, that the last time we had this dinner...
Sophie: Yeah?
Greg: I paid for the whole bill remember?
Sophie: Yes. And?
Greg: Well it was 180 bucks. I thought we might as well split it.
Sophie: Now I am even more surprised. Ok. Give me your bank details.
Greg: Actually, I'd prefer cash. Let's meet.
Sophie: Where?
Greg: The same restaurant. You pick the time.
Summary: Greg and Sophie broke up in a dramatic way in front of their co-workers. Now Greg wants to split a 180-dollar bill for a dinner they ate together. He wants to meet at the same restaurant and get his money in cash.
Dialogue: Tom: What size is Gina?
Fred: Why?
Tom: I’m looking for a gift and I found a nice jumper
Sara: I’d say M or 10, depends which shop
Tom: Thanks!
Summary: Tom is buying a jumper for Gina. Gina is size M or 10.
Dialogue: Olga: guess what..
Anna: what?
Olga: guess who've written..
Anna: Antonio?
Olga: no.. :(
Anna: aunt Rosie?
Olga: YES! :D
Anna: wow!
Olga: she's coming in a week! <3
Anna: got bored of Austria? :P
Olga: finally!
Anna: she's coming back home?
Olga: and getting married ;)
Summary: Anna's aunt Rosie wrote to her that  she's coming back home from Austria in a week and that she's getting married. 
Dialogue: Kevin: Sorry, I couldn't talk, I had a driving lesson.
Henry: Ahh, wait, you still take them?! I thought maybe you blew them off after driving like Michael Schumacher in Italy.
Kevin: No, I still need to improve my skills a bit to feel safer and more confident. Are you in Paris? Is Paris burning?
Henry: Yes :D I arrived and saw a room and am not sure about it.
Kevin: Oh
Henry: This is why I wanted to ask you.
Kevin: Why?
Henry: for life advice!
Kevin: tell me
Henry: It's an OK-ish room, but a bit dark with window to a courtyard. In winter it can be a bit depressing.
Kevin: Light is important. Is it expensive?
Henry: Paris is super expensive. Usually you pay 800 euro for a room, this one is 400 only.
Kevin: Any other problems with the room?
Henry: Yes, I have to go outside the apartment to get to the toilette.
Kevin: Oh, this is literally pretty shitty. But for this price...
Henry: I think the question is: Am I still a student looking for a good deal and a quick solution? Or am I a serious person, wanting a serious room, even if a little bit more expensive and difficult. 
Kevin: Is the location at least good?
Henry: It is not in the city centre, but OK. It is the area I can expect, I mean more central is really unrealistic. 
Kevin: I would see some other options before the final decision. You have just arrived, after all.
Henry: You are right. I am just so lazy. But you are very right, unfortunately. 
Summary: Kevin wants to improve his driving skills so he is taking lessons. Henry claims Paris is expensive. Henry found a room half the usual price for 400 euros but it doesn't seem to be good enough. Kevin encourages him to keep looking. 
Dialogue: Caroline: hey i need the name of the hairdresser you mentioned today :)
Caroline: pretty please ^^
Kylie: sure :) Barber Shop
Kylie: the guy that did my hair - Jake
Caroline: you bleached your hair there, right?
Kylie: noooo :D
Caroline: haha ok and what is the name of that one? :D
Kylie: shit, i forgot
Kylie: wait wait
Kylie: got it - Hair Point
Caroline: thanks a bunch :)
Summary: Kylie was at the hairdresser called Barber Shop, her hair was done by Jake. The hairdresser where she bleached her hair is called Hair Point.
Dialogue: Vanessa: Where are you seating?
Alex: Row 7, seats 12,13
Vanessa: thanks!
Summary: Alex is seating in row 7, seats 12 and 13. 
