Dialogue: Sylvia: Hi, I'd like to come for a lesson this week.
Sylvia: Have you got any places left? 
Carina: Hi, yes. The schedule is on the fb group & there:
Carina: <file_other>
Carina: Just chose sth. 
Sylvia: Thx!
Carina: And how was it at the championships?
Sylvia: Good. But could have been better. 
Sylvia: I was 5th. 
Carina: That's a good result, congratulations!
Sylvia: Thank you!
Sylvia: It was going really well until I fell from the last trick.... 
Carina: OMG! Are you okey???!!
Sylvia: Yes, I was quite low, so I didn't fall far. But, you know, last thing, I regret it :(
Carina: Thanks God, you're all right! Yeah, I understand. But what happened? You were tired or got deconcentrated?
Sylvia: No, I made a technical mistake. 
Carina: I get it. Yeah, you told me that the ending of the choreo was new... 
Sylvia: Exactly... 
Summary: Sylvia wants to come to a lesson. The schedule is available on the fb group. Carina is not very satisfied with her performance at the championships. She made a technical mistake in the last trick.
Dialogue: Hailee: Hello walker. Where were you during class time?
Walker: I was not feeling well. I had to go to the hospital.
Hailee: Sorry about that. Hope you get well soon
Walker: Thanks.
Summary: Walker was in hospital during class time.
Dialogue: Nancy: Hi Sue, did you get the note from Jane?
Sue: yes I did Nancy thanks are you going?
Nancy: yes I am see you there?
Sue: Yes I will be there for 3
Nancy: see you there then It will be nice to catch up 
Summary: Sue and Nancy are going to meet up at Jane's.
Dialogue: Paul: you there ?
Tony: yup !!
Paul: can you send me your assignment ? I just want to see it to get an idea
Tony: what assignment ?
Paul: DUDE !!!
Paul: if you don't want to give it to me then okay......but don't lie atleast
Tony: why would i lie to you ? I really haven't even started it yet
Paul: okay forget it
Summary: Paul wants to see Tony's assignment, but he hasn't even started it yet. 
Dialogue: Kitty: We don’t have morning class on Tuesday yay!
Jill: Well that’s nice, any idea when we are making up for it?
Kimberly: Email didn’t say, probably gonna schedule next class
Jill: That’s chill, Just hope it’s not gonna be weekend
Kitty: With him, you never know
Summary: The morning class on Tuesday was cancelled. It will be postponed to a later date.
Dialogue: Abby: How'd the date with Dave go?
Mabel: I don't even know where to begin
Abby: What do you mean?
Mabel: It wasn't bad
Mabel: It was AWFUL
Abby: Oh God, what happened?
Mabel: Nothing much, actually... It's just that...
Mabel: He may be good looking, but it felt like I had to do all the talking :/
Abby: Oh...
Mabel: I mean, I don't mind talking, but I don't want to feel like the conversation will stop if I don't keep it going
Abby: I feel you... But maybe he's just shy?
Mabel: Well, perhaps, but I still feel like we're not a good match. I can't see us going on another date.
Summary: Mabel's date with Dave was bad as she had to do the talking and she cannot see them going on another date.
Dialogue: Harper: How did the vaccination go? Did Ellie cry?
Matthew: Honestly, it was horrible. Ellie cried all the time, this dumbass doctor started yelling at her, so Ellie got scared and peed herself.
Harper: Oh my god, poor Ellie... Have you made a complaint about this doctor?
Matthew: Not yet, but I'm definitelly going to do it. What a jerk.
Summary: Ellie had a vaccination. She was crying all the time and the doctor yelled at her. Ellie got scared and peed herself. Matthew is going to make a complaint about the doctor. 
Dialogue: Tom: I'm from Straya and you?
Paula: Minesota
Tom: Ya in the US are very self-confident
Paula: I wouldn't say that we're self-confident, we just have good soft skills
Tom: Gnarly
Paula: How about Australian people?
Tom: We're neither like British people nor the Americans
Summary: Tom is from Australia. Paula is from Minnesota.
Dialogue: Tracy: I had an idea of going to my hometown in the evening on Friday instead of going there in the morning
Joe: Noooo. Hahah I want to go to a club
Tracy: So max at 9.30 am we need to go to my hometown 😀 on Saturday
Joe: Yes no problem
Tracy: at 11 am I will leave you with my little brother who speaks English because  I will go to a dentist for 40 mins
Joe: yes
Tracy: then we will start preparing the party 😜 and people will come at 5 pm
Joe: No problem I can take advantage also to have a nap
Tracy: sure yes. On sunday morning at 9.30 am 😀 we need to go to Warsaw 😀 at 11 am I need to be in a theatre (and you will go there with me) for my trial 😜 ok?
Joe: Wow.....
Tracy: or if you don't want then you will go to have a walk somewhere in the city 😜
Joe: Which language?
Tracy: portuguese
Joe: Ok
Tracy: And in the late afternoon i will take you to one place 😀hopefully you like salsa, bachata, kizomba, or if not the view is great 😜
Joe: Yes. Great
Tracy: But do you like this kind of music?
Joe: I dance salsa
Tracy: ok so you will have fun there
Joe: Can you reserve a table at the restaurant for tonight?
Tracy: ok, what time? I will be home at 7 pm
Joe: around 9 pm?
Tracy: yes, it's like 30 min to get to the restarant from my place. We can go to a club after the dinner🙂
Joe: Sure, we can go there for a drink
Summary: Tracy wants to go to her hometown on Saturday at 9.30 am. Tracy has a dentist's appointment at 11. Then Tracy and Joe will start preparing the party. Tracy needs to go to Warsaw Sunday at 9.30 am as she has a trial in a theatre at 11 am. Tracy will book a table for tonight at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Larry: Did you go to that concert?
Marcus: sure thing
Martha: How was it?
Larry: hello?
Marcus: sorry... was afk
Marcus: it was pretty much boring
Marcus: they were lip-synching
Martha: that sucks...
Larry: ya ;/
Larry: how much did you pay for ticket?
Marcus: 50 bucks
Martha: ouch
Marcus: I got authograph at least!
Summary: Marcus paid 50 bucks to go to the concert that disappointed him. Marcus got an autograph though.
Dialogue: Jasmine: I'm super stressed.
Olivier: Why?
Illy: Me too...
Jasmine: Too much work
Jasmine: Deadlines approaching 
Illy: I have 3 exams next week 
Olivier: It seems I'm the only relaxed person in this group. 
Summary: Jasmine is stressed because she has too much work. Illy is stressed because she has 3 exams next week. Olivier is relaxed.
Dialogue: Steven: You two should let Steve  video you while you both have a shared dance with the same woman. :)
Mario: Steve  - let’s do this 😉
J Lin: Steven or just dance with each other
Steve: Yes We could do with pleasure :-)
Summary: Mario and J Lin will let Steve video them when they dance with the same woman or with each other. 
Dialogue: Lucas: Hey! How was your day?
Demi: Hey there! 
Demi: It was pretty fine, actually, thank you!
Demi: I just got promoted! :D
Lucas: Whoa! Great news!
Lucas: Congratulations!
Lucas: Such a success has to be celebrated.
Demi: I agree! :D
Demi: Tonight at Death & Co.?
Lucas: Sure!
Lucas: See you there at 10pm?
Demi: Yeah! See you there! :D
Summary: Demi got promoted. She will celebrate that with Lucas at Death & Co at 10 pm.
Dialogue: Art: Did you follow the G20?
Robert: unfortunately yes
Alexis: in times like these I'm painfully remained that this guy is an embarrassment not just in the US
Art: but you gotta admit that he's fun xD
Robert: He's the president, he's supposed to be not fun
Art: but he is and this is the least we can get out of this nightmarish presidency
Art: you saw his face when Putin and MBS did the buddy handshake?
Alexis: or that time he left the president of Argentina standing there alone.
Art: every time he goes abroad there are those priceless moments :D
Alexis: at least you are thinking this way, I'm dying inside
Robert: I envy your optimism my friend.
Art: It's not optimism it's more like... apocalyptic humor :P
Robert: Either way, lend me some of it.
Alexis: me too
Art: You guys should just watch more late night shows that's the recipe.
Summary: Discussing the G20 forum Art claims to have fun out of the situations the US President finds himself in. Robert and Alexis don't share Art's attitude and are embarrassed by the president's behaviours.
Dialogue: Pete: Nice! How's it going?
Jade: Hi, I can see you like the stage. Awesome 8-)
Pete: Love it! :) Hello beautiful Jade :)
Jade: Aww... thank you :)
Pete: How are you?
Jade: I just came home. I was so busy all day long. Have to print my business cards. Do you know where they print it nicely in colour?
Pete: nobody wants mine, so I'm no more interested in this XD
Jade: How come? so what do you do?
Pete: I'm an unemployed rock musician XD you?
Jade: wait wait, but you have to make a living from something :P I'm an actress, currently actively attending castings
Pete: Tell me! what castings? :D
Jade: for ads
Summary: Jade is an actress attending ads' castings and she needs to print her business cards in colour. Pete can't help her, as he's not interested in it anymore.
Dialogue: Pauline: How about a pizza 2nite?
Robert: takeaway you mean?
Pauline: nope. i thought of going to Gardini's
Robert: oh that sounds fine
Pauline: what time do you finish?
Robert: 5 pm. but I thought of going to see mum later
Pauline: ah that's ok. perhaps we'll meet at the pizza place later?
Robert: fine with me. i guess 7 should be doable
Pauline: ok. i'll book the table right?
Robert: please do. how's the day going anyway?
Pauline: not much really. a bit tired though
Robert: not much rest after teh night?
Pauline: yeah, hard night and all, and then I only got like 2 hours of sleep
Robert: what's wrong?
Pauline: nothing just some idiot drilling the shit out all day long
Robert: sorry luv. i need to run tho 
Summary: Robert finishes at 5 pm and is going to see his mum later. After that, Robert and Pauline will meet at the pizza place at 7, Pauline will book a table. She's a bit tired after a hard night and only 2 hours of sleep, as someone was making noise drilling all day. 
Dialogue: Demi: Wanna go to yoga?
Wren: ooo sounds great
Demi: Sunday at 9?
Wren: ok brunch after?
Demi: ok :) c ya
Wren: c ya
Summary: Demi and Wren will go to yoga on Sunday at 9 and have a brunch afterwards. 
Dialogue: Jane: And?
Jane: Have you had your scan?
Mia: yhyy
Jane: And?
Mia: It's growing
Jane: What did the doctor say?
Jane: Do you need a surgery?
Mia: No
Jane: That's good. If it was dangerous, you would have the surgery done...
Mia: maybe... but I'm fed up
Jane: oh, honey
Jane: It's gonna be okay
Mia: I also have problems with my liver
Jane: oh?
Mia: the pills I have been taking for the last few months probably caused it
Jane: oh dear
Mia: :(
Jane: they are gonna fix it for you, you'll see
Mia: hope so
Jane: Sure they will.
Mia: ok, speak to you later.
Jane: take care, bye
Summary: Mia has had her scan and she doesn't need a surgery. Mia has also problems with her liver due to the pills she has been using. Mia will speak to Jane later.
Dialogue: Scott: Wanna smthg from the shop?
Jenna: no, thx
Scott: and from the pharmacy?
Jenna: oh yes, can you buy me an adhesive bandage?
Jenna: u know, yesterday I cut my finger…
Scott: u did what?
Jenna: I was slicing bread… everything’s alright now. Don’t worry
Scott: OMG
Scott: sure, no probs
Jenna: thanx
Summary: Jenna asks Scott to buy her an adhesive bandage. She cut her finger the previous day.
Dialogue: Hersala: Hey I saw the box with your name and address on around the recycling bin(=_=)
Pacifica: I told my husband detach the sticker before he throws the trash away😵😵 
Pacifica: But I guess he didn't this time again😠
Hersala: I detached it and threw away already for you.
Hersala: But it is dangerous in terms of your privacy.😕 
Hersala: And what if somebody uses your number and address for crime?
Pacifica: Thanks for letting me know<m(__)m>
Hersala: No problem what are neighbors for!😉😉😉
Summary: Hersala, Pacifica's neighbour, disposes of Pacifica's mail containing personal information that Pacifica's husband didn't remove.
Dialogue: Jim: Hey, dude, you busy?
Tom: Well, I'm at work, so the usual :)
Jim: Just realized that I'm super hungry and was looking for company :) Wanna join me?
Tom: Right now? Cause I'm in a middle of an intense email shitstorm. And would prefer to keep an eye on it. Takeout maybe?
Jim: Yeah, but I'm super hungry now...
Tom: Sorry, really need at least 15 min more.
Jim: Well, I guess I could just go downstairs to that Chinese place and order to go. That works for you?
Tom: Sure, that would be great. Just text me when you get back and we will meet in the kitchen.
Jim: Awesome, see you soon :) 
Summary: Tom is at work and would like to keep an eye on an intense e-mail exchange for at least another 15 minutes. Jim is hungry. Jim will go to the Chinese restaurant and order takeout food for himself and Tom. Tom and Jim will meet in the kitchen, when Jim is back.
Dialogue: Luke: 5 mins
Kyle: ok
Natalie: ok waiting 
Summary: Natalie and Kyle are waiting for Luke. He'll come in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Victor: Do you think I can find batteries in the shop at the corner?
Luke: I think so, they have a lot of stuff
Victor: I don't have much time, I hope they'll have them. Thx!
Luke: You're welcome my friend ;)
Summary: Victor needs batteries. Luke suggests checking the shop at the corner.
Dialogue: Gary: What are you watching these days?
Mona: Luther! Have you seen it?
Gary: No, is it a cop show?
Mona: How’d you guess? LOL! 
Gary: Those are your faves!
Mona: Yep! Luther is a badass!
Gary: Of course!
Mona: Have to watch something until Outlander 4 is out! Droughtlander! Waiting too long!
Gary: Meh, not into that show…
Mona: You don’t like men in kilts? LOL!
Gary: Not really!
Mona: It’s very accurate historically, the story is good and there are fight scenes. What’s not to like?
Gary: Too much romance!
Mona: Romance is good!
Gary: Nah!
Mona: LOL! Wonder why you’re single???
Gary: I just haven’t found the right woman!
Mona: No comment!
Gary: Coward! LOL!
Mona: Anyway, try Luther. All 4 series are on BBC player right now as the 5th season is coming out soon.
Gary: Who’s in it?
Mona: Irdis Elba. Wasn’t he supposed to be James Bond?
Gary: No, he said he wasn’t even offered to play Bond.
Mona: Fake news! LOL!
Gary: LOL!
Mona: Anyway, he plays Luther and he’s a badass cop. He has like a sixth sense as to what the bad guy will do.
Gary: Fantasy?
Mona: No! True to life, he just has instincts. No paranormal or anything.
Gary: Oh, okay.
Summary: Mona has been watching Luther TV-series and recommends it to Gary. They discuss other TV-series which Mona likes, but Gary doesn't.
Dialogue: Erin: Hi James, do you have a minute?
James: Sure, what's going on?
Erin: I just picked Sam from school and his teacher told me he was late yesterday.
James: Traffic was terrible yesterday.
Erin: I don't care if traffic is terrible, if you oversleep or god-knows-what happens. Our son cannot be late to school!
James: Chill out Erin, things happen. 
Erin: I will not chill out and I do not appreciate you telling me to chill out. Where is his biology book?
James: In his room.
Erin: I am standing in his room and it is not there.
James: In his room in my apartment.
Erin: You mean on the desk in the dark corner of the one room in your studio apartment?
James: Fuck off Erin, it was your idea that I should move out. I did and now you're questioning my apartment choices. Fuck off, seriously.
Erin: Screenshots of this conversation will be useful in the future, James. Thank you.
James: <file_photo>
Summary: Erin picked Sam from school. He was late yesterday, because there was heavy traffic. Erin can't find Sam's biology book. It's in James's apartment.
Dialogue: Gary: hey guys, we will be meeting here at 2:30 pm on Friday Nov 16th.
Dan: Sounds good
Owen: Perfect!!
Gary: Eva, Victor just wanted to make sure you got the meeting point and the time. Thanks!
Eva: Got it, thanks :blush:
Alexander: Hey guys, I could stay a night longer and come with you in case there is some space?
Gary: yes sir that's fine
Steffen: What’s that?
Dan: Steffen, we are coordinating private shuttle(s)
Gary: I think that's makes 10 people which is the cap
Dan: There are 10 in the conversation, so I would agree
Steffen: <file_gif>
Dan: So 2:30 when the shuttle leaves, or we are meeting for 2:30?
Gary: Be at Malinche at 1pm. Shuttle leaves at 1:30 PM.
Dan: OK. change of plans?
Gary: the rep just called me and said since its Friday the more time we give the better it will be and we dont want to miss that ferry
Kieran: Thanks for organizing this, Gary!
Ben: Cheers, man
Dan: sounds good!
Gary: No problem!
Summary: Gary, Dan, Owen, Eva, Alexander, Steffen, Kieran and Ben are going on a ferry journey on Friday, the 16th of November. Gary wants them to be at Malinche at 1 pm.
Dialogue: Theo: Hi guys. I'm wondering how can we support Greg and his family
Clara: Hi Theo, great idea
Theo: No specific ideas yet, just thinking...
Brett: Hi! Has anyone spoken to his wife?
Theo: I spoke to her last night
Clara: He's in hospital and will stay there for 4-5 weeks
Theo: That's right
Gwen: hi everyone. can we do anything for Sandra?
Clara: She's on her own with the kids now :(
Gwen: I know... 
Theo: Sandras mum is with them now and shes taking care of cooking an so on
Clara: I can get them some groceries tomorrow
Theo: That's great Clara, I'll ask Sandra if she needs anything
Clara: Ok, tomorrow around 2pm
Gwen: Theo please let her know I can drive Duncan to school whenever she needs 
Theo: Thank you Gwen! I'll tell her. My wife is picking him up after school tomorrow
Brett: Do we know anything more about Greg?
Gwen: I'm so worried :(
Theo: We all are very worried...
Clara: Obviously no one can see him now
Clara: There's too much risk of infection
Brett: Can we call him or text him?
Theo: I called him yesterday, he says he's a bit sleepy all the time...
Theo: And bored
Brett: Yeah... but we know he'll get worse in a couple of days... probably.
Summary: Theo wonders how to support Greg and his family. Theo spoke to his wife and Greg is in hospital for 4-5 days. Clara can get them some groceries tomorrow, Gwen can drive Duncan to school. They can't see Greg due to risk of infection. 
Dialogue: Mike: What's the strangest thing you ever grew from a seed?
Luke: Heh heh. You don't wanna hear the answer to that question.
Mike: I mean other than drugs, of course.
Luke: I grew an Avocado one time.
Mike: Out of the stone?
Luke: Yeah, but I never worked out how to get them to grow really big. After a while they all seemed to just die back.
Mike: Anything else?
Luke: I've got little grapefruits, oranges and lemons going, but they never amount to much either. I don't really have the best conditions. But the best I ever managed was out on the stairwell one time.
Mike: On the stairwell?
Luke: Yes, I came home needing the bog, like, urgently. Then I discovered I had left my keys in the locker at college. So I just had to crimp one out and the only place to do it was in the pot of this yucca plant that actually belonged to the neighbour. 
Mike: You crapped in your neighbour's plant pot? 
Luke: Yeah. Well, I couldn't just go back to college leaving this sticking soft shit on view in my neighbour's plant pot so I managed to cover it over with soil from another pot and hide it. 
Mike: And she never found out?
Luke: I went to get the keys, came back. There was a slight smell and I opened the windows, thought no more about it.
Mike: And what grew from that then, a shit plant?
Luke: Nope, a few weeks later a lot of tomatoes started to appear. The funniest thing about it was the neighbour took it all at face value and just harvested the tomatoes and ate them when they appeared.
Summary: Luke grew an avocado out of the stone once. He also grew grapefruits, oranges, lemons. Once he shitted in a yucca plant pot belonging to his neighbor and he covered it with other soil. Then tomatoes grew out of the pot and the neighbor ate them.
Dialogue: Paul: can we meet at 4 today and not 3 ?
Copper: yeah its no problem 
Paul: awesome. thanks 
Summary: Copper and Paul were supposed to meet today at 3, but they will meet at 4.
Dialogue: Dean: check out Sophie's new profile picture
Dean: <file_photo> sweet
Matt: omg that ass
Dean: I know right
Matt: I'd do her
Dean: you'd do anyone
Matt: <file_gif>
Matt: <file_gif>
Matt: <file_gif>
Dean: that's too much even for me
Dean: You need to get checked by a professional :P
Matt: I like big butts and I cannot lie
Dean: anyway...
Dean: what's the plan for tomorrow?
Matt: Oh I can't, forgot to tell you
Matt: Dad asked me to help him with his car
Dean: Pity
Matt: I know
Dean: call if you need help!
Matt: thanks <file_photo>
Dean: Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
Summary: Dean and Matt like Sophie. Tomorrow Matt is helping dad with his car. 
Dialogue: Kim: Anybody got homework for 2moro?
Melvin: Still working on it.
Norma: Sure. <file_picture> <file_picture>
Kim: Thx. Ur a lifesaver!
Norma: Don't mention it :)
Summary: Norma has completed homework for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Naomi: Hi Lottie love! Can't go to the meeting after school, sorry, Tyler's ill.
Lottie: Oh, poor baby! What's wrong?
Naomi: Well, the school called cos he'd been sick after lunch - all over the classroom - he was so embarrassed. 
Lottie: How is he now?
Naomi: Not brilliant, he's sicked up again twice more.
Lottie: Try not to give him any food, just cooled, boiled water. They told us that when Xander was ill.
Naomi: Yes, that's what I'm doing. No complaints, so he must be ill, he'd normally be after the crisps and fruit shoots by now!
Lottie: Watch his temperature too, do you have Calpol in?
Naomi: Oh yes, always got it, essential kit isn't it? I only give it to him when he's really poorly, though.
Lottie: Me too. Hope he's better soon, anyway, Xand will miss him in school, they always play together, he tells me.
Naomi: I've got to keep him off for at least 2 days, but he might be ok Thurs or Fri, we'll see!
Lottie: Does he get bored at home?
Naomi: No never! He loves it, this is like a holiday to him!
Lottie: Well, love to you both, hope to see you at the end of the week.
Naomi: Bye, love!
Summary: Naomi won't go to the meeting after school because Tyler is sick and she will watch over him. He might get better till Thursday or Friday. Xand will miss him at school.
Dialogue: Sam: I have those samples for your wife Jack
Jack: Oh awesome, she's gonna be so happy
Sam: Sorry for the delay, we were waiting for new colors
Jessica: Sam, finally! I have the crew on hold for weeks 
Summary: After weeks of delay, Sam has got those samples for Jessica.
Dialogue: Tom: Can we meet in the evening for dance practice?
Hannah: yes sure.. i will be at campus at 4pm .. be there we will practice for 2 hours.
Tom: sure i will be there see you
Hannah: see you
Summary: Tom will meet Hannah at campus at 4pm for dance practice. 
Dialogue: Beth: Why oh why did i decide to fly with EasyJet?!! All flights cancelled!
Harry: You were saying they’re more reliable..
Beth: get lost! X
Nancy: don’t tell me you are still in Spain?! X
Beth: I am! But i’m gonna figure something out! Wish me luck!
Harry: good luck! x
Summary: Beth has a problem with returning from Spain as EasyJet has cancelled all flights.
Dialogue: Meredith: Hey Debbie, why weren't you at the meeting today?
Debbie: I had to take this call from a new client. How was the meeting?
Meredith: Same old, same old. I actually wanted to talk to you about something else.
Debbie: What happened?
Meredith: I went out with Melanie and Annie last night, and...
Debbie: ... aaaaaaand?
Meredith: I met this gorgeous guy. His name is Sam.
Debbie: Tell me everything!!! What does he do?
Meredith: I don't know! He's so gorgeous that I couldn't pay attention to anything he said.
Debbie: lol, was he really that good looking?
Meredith: He's so handsome he should be in the movies.
Debbie: So you don't know anything about this guy?
Meredith: Not really, I just kept giggling and smiling and nodding to pretend I was listening.
Debbie: Are you seeing him again?
Meredith: YES!!!! Today, actually.
Debbie: Where are you going?
Meredith: We're having dinner at The Three Forks.
Debbie: WOW! That's fancy. Are you excited?
Meredith: I really am. I'm even making a list of things to talk about.
Debbie: There's no need for that! Just be yourself, it's very easy to speak with you.
Meredith: Thanks, I'll remember that if I need to muster some confidence.
Debbie: Call me tonight as soon as the date is over, I want to hear all the details!
Meredith: Wish me luck!!!
Debbie: You don't need it, but good luck!
Summary: Debbie weren't at the meeting today. She had a call from a new client. Meredith went out yesterday night with Annie and Melanie and she meta very handsome man, Sam. Meredith is having a dinner with him at The Three Forks.
Dialogue: Shawn: Yo yo yo
Greg: Hi man
Shawn: Have you heard Slipknot's new single yet?
Greg: Nope
Shawn: Check it out, the video is cool
Shawn: <file_video>
Greg: Cool, thanks!
Shawn: Tell me what you think of it
Greg: I will
Shawn: Good!
Summary: Shawn shares Slipknot's new music video with Greg.
Dialogue: Ovi: Hey I got back from Israel! 
Candice: How was it Ovi? 
Ovi: Great
Ovi: Way warmer haha 
Candice: I bet
Shyann: You had a lot of fun?
Shyann: Saw your snaps
Shyann: They were great
Candice: I agree
Candice: SO jealous 
Candice: That weather xd 
Kayla: WOw So jealous!
Kayla: You coming to school tomorrow?  
Ovi: I am! 
Ovi: I feel like I've missed out on a lot! 
Candice: Nothing special
Kayla: Maybe some parties haha
Ovi: Wow 
Ovi: wild
Kayla: wel'l see ya tomorrow then!
Ovi: Ye see ya! 
Summary: Ovi just returned from Israel and will be coming to school tomorrow. He only missed a few parties. Israel was very warm. Shyann liked his pictures. 
Dialogue: John: So, how was it? :)
Liliana: What?
John: Your first day in a new job!!
Liliana: It was ok, thanks. :)
John: That's it...? What are your colleagues and your boss like? Do like them? What were you doing today?
John: Come on, tell me more!!
John: Mom asks how long did it take you to get to the office. 
Liliana: The office is about 15 minutes away from my house, so I can get there on foot.
Liliana: My boss seems to be ok, she's pretty easy-going and likable, so I'm comfortable working with her.
John: That's great! :) And what about your colleagues? What are they like?
Liliana: Most of my colleagues are far younger then me, which feels weird, but I think I'll have to get used to it.
Liliana: There's just one girl at my age, but she's such a nerd, that it's really hard to talk with her, if you're not interested in stuff that she is.
Liliana: When I asked her about her favourite books, she told me she had about 100 books about Java.
Liliana: She only reads manuals, she doesn't watch films or go out...
Liliana: Oh, sorry, she watches ONLY "Mission Impossible" (all parts) and anime. :/
John: Oh, I've never thought that people like this really exist.
Liliana: Right?
Liliana: She’s like Sheldon from “Big Bang Theory”.
John: I hope you’ll find common ground with her, honey. Maybe she needs sometime to open up?
Liliana: I don’t know, dad, I think she’s just a weirdo.
Liliana: Nevertheless I’ll try to get along with her - what else can I do?
John: And that’s the right attitude, darling. :)
Summary: Liliana has a new job. She goes there on foot. She likes her boss. There is one girl that Liliana can't talk with. It's because of her interests and lifestyle.
Dialogue: Alex: could you text me that pic that we took with your phone yesterday?
Alex: the one where i'm @ the center of the group
Alex: I want to make it my new facebook profile pic
Kim: don't get angry...
Kim: but i deleted it by mistake :-(
Alex: lol don't worry about it 
Alex: i'm sure someone else has it too
Summary: Alex wants to set the picture they took as her profile picture on Facebook, but Kim already deleted it by mistake.
Dialogue: Jordan: Hey! :) Abbe and I were just wondering, if you've already decided, how you'll name the baby. Have you?
Jordan: Btw congrats once more!! :)
Gabriel: Hi! :) Thanks! :) We thought about "Camille" or "Ellie", but we haven't decided yet. ;)
Jordan: They both are great! :) I can't wait to see Camille / Ellie for the first time. It's so exciting! :)
Gabriel: Me too. :) I'll call you later, ok? I need to reheat the dinner for Marie.
Jordan: Sure. :)
Summary: Gabriel is having a baby. He is considering "Camille" or "Ellie" for the baby's name. Gabriel will call Jordan later. Gabriel needs to reheat the dinner for Marie.
Dialogue: Paula: <file_photo>
Paula: I bought this dress especially for the Saturday's wedding reception
Paula: Do you think I look good in it?
Derek: <file_gif>
Derek: Wooow! You look so beautiful, that was a perfect choice!
Derek: Can't wait to see you in it in real life :)
Paula: Awww, so happy that you like it!
Paula: We'll be a beautiful couple :)
Derek: We sure will! :)
Paula: Alright, I'm a little bit in a hurry
Paula: Talk to you later :)
Derek: Sure, bye
Summary: Paula bought a dress for a wedding reception. She and Derek are going there on Saturday.
Dialogue: Lydia: <photo_file>
Lydia: <photo_file>
Natasha: Tom hit you again?
Paula: What a monster!!!
Lydia: I'm living a nightmare
Paula: Are you safe now?
Lydia: I escaped
Lydia: I'm with a friend now
Paula: Did you go to the police?
Lydia: My friend will go with me today
Lydia: I have a paper from the doctor
Lydia: I'm so scared he will find me and kill me 
Paula: I can go with you too
Paula: And if you need a place to stay you know where to find me
Summary: Tom hit Lydia. She escaped to a friend and will go to the police tomorrow. She has a paper from the doctor.
Dialogue: Lucy: Hi son
Gary: Hi mum
Lucy: How are you doing today
Gary: Not in the best mood, Mum. 
Lucy: Oh? Why's that?
Gary: I really felt like hitting this bloke earlier. He was in the training session and kept on talking to his mate.
Lucy: That's very rude.
Gary: I was going "shush!" all the time but they ignored me. I lobbed a bit of orange peel at the back of his head and he still ignored me. I was really at the point where I was going to smack him one.
Lucy: Good job you didn't. You'd probably lose your job.
Gary: Yeah. But it was a trip down memory lane, though.
Lucy: Oh? You're thinking of old Pecky?
Gary: That's it. The time Pecky was teasing me in the maths class for actually wanting to learn something from the teacher. I had to clock him one in order to get him to shut up and let me learn.
Lucy: History repeats itself. 
Gary: He then pushed my chair over and I got the scar inside my lip I still have.
Lucy: Yes. I remember. And you both got put on report for two weeks.
Gary: which was unfair because I was only trying to get something from the class.
Gary: Still, thinking of that stopped me from doing the same again today.
Summary: Gary was annoyed by a man who was talking to another person during a training session. Gary wanted to hit him. He reminded Gary Pecky. Pecky had teased Gary in the school.
