Dialogue: Jonah: Will anybody pick me up from, the airport, please?
Molly: but it's super easy...
Vanessa: don't worry, I can come to pick you up, but you'll have to wait a bit, I'm finishing at 5
Jonah: Molly, I've never been in such a big city, it scares me
Molly: Jonah, you're not 12
Molly: sorry, but it's silly, I can give you directions
Vanessa: don't mock him, he'll learn slowly, step by step
Jonah: Thanks Vanessa 
Molly: yes, sorry, maybe you're right
Summary: Jonah wants somebody to pick him up from the airport. He's never been in such a big city and is scared. Molly doesn't understand his fear. Vanessa defends Jonah.
Dialogue: Kevin: Happy Birthday buddy. You going to be back this away anytime soon?
Simon: Thanks mate, I'm hoping to get over later on in the year but it all depends on work over here.
Kevin: Cool! Was going to say if you were here around the 26th you could come to the wedding.
Simon: I did see you was getting married soon, I wondered where my invite was lol,
Kevin: No way, yo didn’t get it?
Simon: Sure, just kidding 😊
Simon: I wish I could have been over there and would have been honoured to have been a part of your big day, Hopefully I'll get over later on in the year and I'll make sure I pop and see you and your new bride. 
Simon: All the best to you both and take care bud!
Kevin: Thank you.
Summary: Kevin wishes happy birthday to Simon. Kevin'd like to see Simon at his wedding but Simon's not sure about the exact date of his return. Simon promises to visit Kevin and his wife as soon as he's back.
Dialogue: Jack: Dude I forgot that we were gonna get a beer tonight and made plans with Luise
Jack: sorry!!
Matt: henpecked much??
Matt: Phew.
Summary: Jack forgot a beer with Matt and he'll stay with Luise.
Dialogue: Elena: My battery is getting off soon
Catherine: Damn
Elena: 10% more and no possibility to charge it :/
Catherine: ok, so we will talk when you will get home
Elena: sure, it will be in around 6 h
Catherine: ok, i will wait, bye!
Elena: 
Catherine: 
Summary: Elena will talk to Catherine in around 6 hours when she gets home, because she only has 10% battery left.
Dialogue: Mike: how are we going to get to Matthew's? scooter?
Bart: car I guess?
Mike: lol, maybe your's, my muffler is broken
Bart: how did you break it?
Mike: Paul did
Bart: that bastard, is he going to pay you for it?
Mike: well hope so, he said he will fix it tomorrow
Bart: so maybe we get a cab? I wanna get a beer
Mike: no way, I am broke :/
Bart: scooter then? 5:30?
Mike: yeah
Bart: ok see you then
Mike: you have the app to rent it right?
Bart: yup
Summary: Mike and Bart will go to Matthew's by scooter at 5.30, because Paul broke Mike's muffler and Mike can't afford a cab.
Dialogue: Claire: I'm afraid I may be pregnant...
Hannah: Omg, have you did the test? :o
Claire: Yes :( and my period's late
Claire: What should I do?
Hannah: Is it Peter's? Have you talked to him?
Claire: Not yet, I don't want to have a baby yet ;/
Hannah: I'm so sorry Claire... But you know that those test can be wrong, you should go to a doctor
Claire: Would you come with me?
Claire: And please please don't tell Peter!
Hannah: What if you are pregnant?
Claire: I don't know, I really don't know :(
Summary: Claire may be pregnant. She doesn't want to have a baby yet. She asks Hannah not to tell Peter about it and to go to the doctor with her. 
Dialogue: Lucas: Howard and Nancy are coming to visit me on Saturday
Lucas: how about you John? Wanna join us?
John: this Saturday?
Lucas: that's right, in the afternoon.
John: damnit. I want but I can't...
Lucas: Come on, why?
John: this Saturday I'm working until 5 p.m. and then I have an appointment at the dentist's
Lucas: oh my... looks like a busy and unpleasant time...
Lucas: I'm sorry for you, John
John: there certainly are things in life you cannot skip
John: but thanks a lot Luc, I appreciate that you invited me anyway :)
Lucas: no problem, you're my friend, bro :)
Lucas: hope you won't suffer too much at the dentist's
John: thanks!
John: don't worry, he's a real professional, I trust him
Lucas: good for you
John: yeah. Have fun on Saturday and say hello for me, please. Bye
Lucas: Thanks, I will! Bye
Summary: Howard and Nancy are visiting Lucas on Saturday, but John can't join because of work.
Dialogue: Yuri: Hey, so I watched the second season of Daredevil and I must admit it was really good!
Tom: Told you! I'm watching some old stuff now, you know, I decided to watch the original Twin Peaks series again before I finally start watching the new one.
Yuri: You'd better watch the new one asap, it's fantastic even though I didn't understand a heck.
Tom: That seems to be a constant thing with DL's movies and series
Yuri: Indeed
Summary: Yuri finished watching the second season of Daredevil and he really liked it. Tom decided to watch the original Twin Peaks series before watching the new one. Yuri didn't understand much from the new one. They agree it's like this for David Lynch's works.
Dialogue: George: hi, everything working over there?
Ezra: yeah, thanks a lot for help, this software is driving me nuts
George: no prob, man, anytime
Summary: Ezra is driven crazy by a software but grateful for Ezra's help.
Dialogue: Anna: im working tm I can't 
Jan: ah ok so be sober tm and Friday we drink
Anna: gurl idk what to wear tm
Jan: ah something nice!
Anna: I dont have anything 
Jan: after we study we can go shopping and look?
Anna: will you have time?
Jan: yeah work canceled so im free all day 
Anna: ok awesome I work at 6pm but thats late
Jan: so meet in the morning study a few hours then we can go shop?
Anna: yeah! sounds like a great plan to meee
Jan: awesommeee have to look cute for the partyyy
Anna: oh yes this is a must hahahah
Jan: XD XD XD 
Summary: Anna and Jan will have a drink on Friday. Anna doesn't know what to wear to the party, so Jan will go shopping with her. Jan's work is cancelled and she's free all day, but Anna works at 6 pm. They will meet in the morning, study a few hours and then go shopping. 
Dialogue: Kate: Wanna a grab a coffee?
Jim: lecture
Jim: free in 30 min
Kate: ok
Summary: Kate and Jim will go for a coffee in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Katie: I've bought a pregnancy test this morning 
Katie: Do you think it'd be better to have two of the, just to be sure?
Amy: No, not any more, a pharmacist told me that one is enough, they are more accurate now
Lucy: I also recommend you to do it in the morning because the concentration of hormones is higher
Amy: also this is not true anymore
Amy: you can do it whenever you want
Katie: But I'm so scared
Lucy: oh, I understand it very well
Lucy: do you want us to be with you?
Amy: yes, it's better to not be alone in this situation
Katie: thank you girls, this is very and thoughtful of you
Katie: so let's meet at my place tomorrow at 11AM
Amy: yes, sure, I'll bring some sweets in case the situation gets desperate 
Lucy: a bottle of vodka would be better
Katie: but let's hope everything will be fine
Amy: yes, sure, you have to be very unlucky after having taken such a small risk
Lucy: yes, don't worry. I've taken it many times and it's been always negative
Amy: in the worst case I know a very understanding doctor that can help
Katie: ok, let's see tomorrow how it goes
Summary: Katie bough a pregnancy test and Lucy and Amy will be with her at her place tomorrow at 11 AM when she takes it.
Dialogue: Robert: Alison, we need to talk when I’m back home.
Alison: Something happened?
Robert: It’s about Harper. I’m worried about her.
Alison: Why, you noticed something?
Robert: You go to sleep early, you don’t realize she comes back home very late, usually behaves weird…
Alison: Oh, honey, she’s a teenager, they do stupid things, maybe she’s a bit drunk…
Robert: She doesn’t behave like she’s drunk. She behaves like she’s on drugs.
Alison: Are you sure?!!
Robert: I’m pretty sure, we’ll discuss it later, ask her if she’s home this evening, maybe we’ll talk to her as well.
Alison: I don’t know about this… She’ll get angry, start accusing us that we control her…
Robert: You want to leave it like this??
Alison: No… Ok, we’ll talk about it at home, right?
Robert: Yes, just… think about it.
Alison: I will.
Summary: Robert and Alison will talk later at home about Harper's weird behavior.
Dialogue: Connor: does anybody have a laptop here?
Kieran: No, I left it home
Luke: me neither 
Jack: I have mine, come to the 3rd floor
Connor: thx Jack!
Summary: Kieran left his laptop at home. Luke doesn't have a laptop either. Jack has a laptop. He will meet Connor on the 3rd floor.
Dialogue: Daisy: Hi what’s up?
Charlotte: I’m watching a movie
Daisy: At 4 a.m.?
Charlotte: I cannot sleep
Daisy: Me neither
Charlotte: And how are you spending your sleepless night?
Daisy: Just thinking
Daisy: Turning in bed
Daisy: Hoping that the sleep will come
Charlotte: Do you often struggle with insomnia?
Daisy: Unfortunately, quite a lot
Charlotte: Same here
Charlotte: It destroys me 
Charlotte: But I just cannot get any rest
Summary: Charlotte is watching a movie at 4 a.m. because she can't sleep. Both her and Daisy suffer with insomnia.
Dialogue: Tina: Did you order the book?
Glenn: Yes, yesterday. 
Tina: Great, thank you! Can you send me the tracking number?
Glenn: I haven't got it yet. 
Tina: Okey.
Glenn: But I'll forward it to you as soon as I get it. 
Tina: All right. 
Summary: Glenn ordered the book yesterday. He will forward to Tina the tracking number as soon as he receives it.
Dialogue: Laurent: Should we go through Marseille or directly to Nice?
Simon: we don't have time for the city
Jean: yes, let's go to nice, I'll follow you
Summary: Laurent, Simon and Jean will go directly to Nice.
Dialogue: Tillie: how did you do?
Butler: u mean nite?
Tillie: I dont give a fuck bout you fuck. 
Clemency: basterd won!!
Tillie: what really? omg!
Butler: yeah. happens
Tillie: so beat pistol pete?!?
Butler: lets' say he didnt make it to the final lol
Tillie: what you mean?
Clemency: got injured in quarters
Butler: yeah but still
Tillie: sure thing you need to win a couple of other guys who was there. Respect
Butler: Prosko was there lost in semi and I beat Rehts in final.
Tillie: so you beat Prosko in semi?
Clemency: nope bye for pete injured yeah
Tillie: lucky basterd. How was you clems?
Clemency: I came 15. And im satisfied with my progress lol
Tillie: congrats mate
Clemency: right. Next you play and we see how you do
Tillie: sure thing. <file_gif>
Summary: Butler won the game, he beat Prosko in semi-finals, Pistol Pete got injured in quarters, and Clemency came 15.
Dialogue: Jean: I'm thinking of getting a tattoo lately
Lorna: :O
Haley: I didn't see that coming, but that's really cool!
Lorna: what kind of tattoo?
Jean: I like the ones that look like sketches
Haley: oh yes <3
Jean: so I was thinking about getting a cat at this girl's studio <file_other>
Haley: the designs are sooooo cute!
Jean: I know, right?
Lorna: yeah, they look cool
Jean: there's a long waiting list, but I have the time ;)
Summary: Jean would like to get a tattoo - a sketch of a cat.
Dialogue: Pilar: hey, dont forget about the track work theyre doing today. you might want to take another route
Clarissa: thats right. thanks for reminding me.
Pilar: i myself forget and ended up regretting it
Clarissa: how long did it take u to get home?
Pilar: about 40 minutes longer
Clarissa: yeesh. im sorry
Pilar: its ok. its my own fault
Summary: Pilar reminds Clarissa about the track work on the road and recommends her to choose another route.
Dialogue: Cameron: Do you remember that we're going to the gym tonight?
Hunter: yeah, but, idk, i don't feel like sweating or, generally, moving my body...
Cameron: COME ON, are you kidding me?! You were supposed to start taking care of your health, eat healthy, EXERCISE REGULARLY...
Hunter: go without me, i'm too tired
Cameron: loser
Hunter: that's fair
Summary: Hunter is too tired to join Cameron at the gym tonight.
Dialogue: Vanessa: Hello, I've seen in the facebook group that you're a German translator
Vanessa: I would need to translate some documents from English to German
Vanessa: Would you be available this week?
Caroline: Hello Vanessa, please send me scanned copies of your documents by email
Caroline: I'm travelling now, I'll reply as soon as I get home (this afternoon)
Vanessa: Great, please send me your email address
Summary: Caroline is a German translator. Vanessa will email her the documents she needs translated. Caroline will respond from home in the afternoon.
Dialogue: David: We gotta split the bills guys
Monica: Sure, I'm looking at this email too
David: How bout you Nina?
Nina: I'm here, I'm here, 3 ways? 
David: I was gone for 2 weeks so maybe lets try to divide electricity different ways? 
Nina: Sure, any idea how to divide it?
David: I'll make some excel calculations
Monica: Just send it over, I'm fine with it
Summary: David, Monica and Nina will split the bills. David will divide the electricity bill differently, because he was gone for 2 weeks.
Dialogue: Aaron: Sleep
Aaron: Sleeper
Aaron: Sleeper
Aaron: More sleeping
Aaron: Sleepy
Aaron: Zzzzzz….
Debora: Hey love
Debora: Where are you?
Aaron: Drinking a beer
Debora: Outside
Aaron: I locked myself out
Debora: You could have knocked on the door. I would have let you in.
Aaron: I didn’t want to wake you up
Debora: Ok I’m coming
Summary: Aaron is drinking a beer outside. He accidentally locked himself out. Debora will come and let him in. 
Dialogue: Jim: I'm waiting downstairs
Kora: We're coming, stay there
Tim: did you take the glasses?
Jim: sure I did
Summary: Jim is waiting downstairs. Kora and Tim are going to meet Jim. Jim took glasses.
Dialogue: Peter: Is Facebook down?
Jamie: think so, it's says the servers are down
Peter: Damn, not again
Jamie: I bet you can survive without Facebook for a day
Peter: me - yes, my job - not really, I needed to check some statistics for our profile page ;/
Summary: Peter can't check statistics for his work's profile page as Facebook is down.
Dialogue: Lene: My little baby is growing 
Lene: <file_photo>
Lene: It's the size of a cherry now 🍒😍
Marlena: <file_gif>
Marlena: 😍😍
Marlena: That is so cute!!
Marlena: I love cherries 😍
Lene: Me too 🙂
Marlena: <file_gif>
Marlena: How is the morning sickness? Are you feeling very ill?
Lene: I have been fine this week actually
Lene: I'm just feeling very emotional 😢
Marlena: That's part of the magic 🌟 hehe
Marlena: Btw, Katrina's babyshower is going to be held tomorrow, she had to change the date..
Lene: Oh, I don't think I will be able to go, I have seminars all day..
Marlena: Yeah me too.. I have been working late everyday this week, we have a ton of deadlines to finish
Lene: I'm hoping next week will be much calmer..
Marlena: 🙏
Summary: Lene's little baby is growing and is the size of a cherry now. She's feeling very emotional, but had no morning sickness. Katrina's baby shower takes place tomorrow and Lene won't be able to go as she has seminars all day. Neither can Marlena as she has lots of deadlines to finish. 
Dialogue: Jack: hey, it's jack from sandra's party, do you remember me?
Betty: Hi Jack! Of course I remember you. What's up?
Jack: i was wondering if you'd like to go out to the movies with me and maybe grab a drink afterwards
Betty: Sure! That would be fun.
Jack: are you free tonight?
Betty: I'm not, actually. I'm sorry. My family is here from out of town.
Jack: oh that's cool, no worries
Betty: They're leaving next Tuesday, does that work?
Jack: yes, that's perfect, let's watch that new halloween movie
Betty: Ohhhh, nooo!!! I hate horror movies.
Jack: lol, what would you like to see then?
Betty: I like romcoms better.
Jack: not a big fan of those, but as long as i get to hang out with you, it's fine
Betty: hahaha, you're sweet.
Jack: see you next tuesday
Betty: Have a great day!
Summary: Jack and Betty met at a party. They're going to the cinema to watch a romantic comedy next Tuesday.
Dialogue: Kayle: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight?
Marry: Yes! 
Kayle: Great! See you there! :)
Marry: :)
Summary: Marry is joining Kayle and others at the pub tonight.
Dialogue: Sydney: Ok will pay 20$. Here is the image and make vector file of it
Sydney: <file_photo>
Mark: When do you need it?
Sydney: Try to get it done ASAP
Mark: I will send it in 2 hours
Sydney: Cant you get it done sooner?
Mark: I am at my frend's home. would take time to reach mine
Sydney: Ok sharp after 2 hours
Summary: Mark will make a vector file from Sydney's image for $20 in 2 hours.
Dialogue: Amy: How are you liking your new house?
Charlie: I am LOVING it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amy: When are you having me over for dinner? I want to see it!
Charlie: Are you free on Friday? I can make some meatloaf for you.
Amy: Friday it is.
Summary: Amy wants to see Charlie's new house. Charlie will see Amy on Friday at his new place.
Dialogue: Noah: Hi dad how are you doing now?
William: i am fine son how are you?
Noah: i am good dad.. Mom told me you fell and became unconscious in mall?
William: ah! i told her not to tell you its nothing dear .. 
Noah: Dad..  please tell me.. 
William: look your there for your studies ... work hard and dont worry about us.. i can take care of everything
Noah: Dad but you and mom are very important to me.. you have done so much for me i cant leave you like this
William: but i am fine son it is nothing serious it was just low blood pressure
Noah: dad you are very important to me please let me come back i will continue my studies there
William: no son its the best university of country you worked really hard to get admission there i dont want to be hurdle 
Noah: DAD! please you can never be.. and my dream is to see you and mom happy and nothing else
William: we are happy and would be happier to see you succeeding and achieving your dreams
Noah: dad please
William:  Noah! look my dear its nothing serious, i am seeing doctor in few days if anything serious would come up i would call you here but till then concentrate on your studies.
Noah: ok dad but please you have to see doctor and tell me honestly what he says.. and i will come there during holidays and we will see doctor.. no excusee
William: ok son .. right now just work hard towards your dreams
Noah: yes dad! you will be proud of me
William: i am proud of you son
Noah: love you dad take care please
William: love you too son.. 
Summary: William became unconscious in mall due to low blood pressure. Noah worries about him. Noah wants to come back and continue studies there. William doesn't approve of that idea. He will see a doctor in few days.
Dialogue: Martin: Hey, how's it going?
Kim: I have a lot of interviews tomorrow, so I will know tomorrow :P it is night anyway!
Martin: Cool. So what? That it is night :D
Kim: It is a lot easier for me when my head doesn't fall on the keyboard + currently I'm staying with 3 girls in the room, they're asleep, I don't want to wake them up with clicking ;)
Martin: Okay okay. Good night grandma ;)
Kim: Good night, great grandpa :P hear you around
Martin: Ciao
Summary: Kim is sharing the room with other girls and doesn't want to wake them up by typing.
Dialogue: Peggie: My dear Hettie, for your 47th birthday tomorrow I wish you all the happiness and joy you deserve! May only good spirits be with you and guide you through this world.
Hettie: Dear Peggie, how sweet of you to remember! Thank you very much.
Peggie: I thought I'd contact you today rather than on your birthday proper so that I don't interrupt any celebrations. Time difference and so on.How are you doing?
Hettie: Certainly you wouldn't interrupt anything. The only celebration planned for tomorrow is an evening meal with my son and his wife. And with Thomas of course.
Hettie: Thank you. We are fine. Just the usual routine, nothing special happening. And how are you? Must be ages since we were in touch last!
Peggie: Nothing of importance happens in a life of an old woman! Apart from occasional ailments and similar discomforts. Thank goodness I'm fine.
Peggie: Laura, my daughter, gave birth to twins in March, two lovely girls, and my son Simon has moved house to Derry. A bit too far for me to drive to see them but I understand it's been necessary for his career. They say I should also move closer to them but I'm not ready to sell my house yet. As long as I feel fit to look after it, I'll stay here. So that's my news.
Peggie: Would you remember old Mr Lars, my next door neighbour? Well, he passed away two months ago. A stroke, I heard. Such a nice person! And not that old at all. 86 or something.
Hettie: Congratulations and best wishes to Laura! So how many children have they got now? I've somehow lost count.
Hettie: Yes, I remember him. So sorry to hear about his death.
Peggie: With the twins four. It's Simon whose family keeps on growing. They have got five children and Adela, Simon's wife, says she'd like to have a baby again. Well... They can surely afford it so why not? They are a very harmonious family.
Hettie: I can understand that you don't want to leave the house you've spent most of your life in. It's such a beautiful house too.
Hettie: By the way, we will probably be moving house soon too. A real estate agent, in fact a good friend of ours, has found an old farmhouse in need of a major overhaul in the area close to the Grampians. I have always wanted to live there! What's more, Thomas will be able to continue his research work in the National Park. We are both quite thrilled and hope it will happen.
Peggie: Why shouldn't it, if I may ask?
Hettie: Sorry to be so confused about all these kids!
Hettie: It's a question of funds, very banal.
Peggie: I'm sure you can sort it out. Anyway I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.
Hettie: Thanks Peggie. And thank you for the birthday wishes! Always nice to chat with you - across the ocean.
Peggie: My pleasure. Aren't these electronic and digital gadgets wonderful? I'm so proud I've mastered the basic use of my smartphone. Very useful!
Peggie: So all the best to you and please give my regards to Thomas.
Hettie: Thanks a lot. Love!
Summary: Peggie is sending Hettie birthday wishes. Peggie's daughter gave birth to twins in March and her son moved to Derry. Her neighbour passed away two months ago. Hettie will be probably moving house soon in the area close to the Grampians, which is where she always wanted to live.
Dialogue: Chris: do you know any1 to repair kitchen pipes and all that stuff
Loretta: my bro. only he's not bad till end of month
Chris: no good. it's pretty urgent shite
Wyclef: i could help
Chris: with all due respect Clef, id prefer a pro
Arley: ask chris?
Chris: what?
Arley: sry, i mean the other chris, he done that stuff afaik
Christian: i guess you're talking about me
Chris: oh hi. can u help me out? asap?
Christian: I'm not cheap you know :) b a bottle and i'm there
Chris: oh thx man. you know my place?
Christian: yessir. i'll be there in an hour or so
Loretta: good luck guys :) lol
Summary: Christian will help Chris to repair kitchen pipes in an hour.
Dialogue: Paul: I'm going to have the MRI scan next week
Meghan: Poor you, that's not the most pleasant examination in the world...
Paul: It's not... I'm claustrofobic
Meghan: Everything's gonna be ok
Paul: Thanks 
Summary: Paul is claustrophobic and is having an MRI scan next week.
Dialogue: Chandler: hey Mony, I'm at the restaurant.. You wanna eat something??
Monica: Where you at right now??
Chandler: Two Broke Engineers
Monica: Ohkay.. Grab a lasagnia for me...
Chandler: And ?? Just lasagnia .. How will you survive with just lasagnia?? YOU FOODIE :wink
Monica: okay okay.. Bring cheese cake from cheese factory..
Chandler: haha.. That's more like my Mony..
Monica: hahaha!!! Tomorrow i will start my diet xD
Summary: Chandler is at the restaurant "Two Broke Engineers". He will grab some lasagnia for Monica and cheese cake from cheese factory. Monica plans to start a diet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Andy: Hello Doris, about the repair of your birds' feeder. Do you want me to replace the feeding table? You'd put a new one next to it.
Doris: Hi Andy! What do YOU think? Is the old one in a condition promising a couple of years of service?
Andy: I should think so. Slightly rotten on one side but I can put some silicon all over it, so it'll survive a few more years.
Doris: Splendid! Do so.
Andy: But I'll have to get a new and longer screw. The one you provided is turning loose in the wood.
Doris: No pro. Buy whatever you need and I'll pay you back.
Andy: OK. I'll get you a pic when it's ready.
Doris: Ta!
Summary: Andy is about to repair Doris' birds' feeder. Andy can make the current feeding table last a couple of years more. Doris agrees to keep it. Andy has to get a new screw, as the one Doris provided is not adequate. Doris will pay Andy back for the screw.
Dialogue: Nevaeh: so what time do you want me to come?
Gavin: it's up to you
Nevaeh: this week I gonna have some interships at school, and on tuesday i should be free from 14.30 or 15.30. would it be ok with u?
Gavin: just for 1h you will be free tomorrow?
Nevaeh: No
Gavin: I will be free from around 15.30
Nevaeh: I want to see you but if it will be for 1h I do not know. i will see what more i can do here
Gavin: I said I will have time from 15.30. I didn't say I gonna have only 1 h
Nevaeh: that will ok then
Gavin: talk to u later have go to work
Summary: Nevaeh is seeing Gavin on Tuesday at around 15.30. 
Dialogue: Gene: When will you be home, hon?
Rosa: I should be home by 6.30. Why?
Gene: I'm thinking what we'll do for dinner.
Rosa: And?
Gene: And what?
Rosa: Have you come up with an idea?
Gene: Just one.
Rosa: Yeah? What is it?
Gene: I think we should go out.
Rosa: Mustn't be too hard to come up with that. Any particular place.
Gene: Not really. What do you think about Chinese?
Rosa: Not Chinese.
Gene: What would you rather have?
Rosa: I haven't thought about it. But not Chinese.
Gene: Italian?
Rosa: No. I don't feel like Italian either.
Gene: Mexican?
Rosa: Nada.
Rosa: But you know what, just surprise me. In a pleasant way, though.
Gene: Sure. It won't be a problem , will it?
Summary: Rosa should be home by 6.30. She and Gene will go out or dinner.
Dialogue: Pia: how are you getting to Susie's tonight? You wanna share a cab?
Isis: Actually Mark offered to give me a ride, we can pick you up if you want
Monica: Can I join too?
Isis: Sure, no problem :)
Summary: Mark will drive Isis, Pia and Monica to Susie's tonight. 
Dialogue: Faith: hi, gurl! 
Harper: hi:) How are you?
Faith: Great. I've relaxed a bit today, sooo good!
Harper: Are you in town?
Faith: Home
Harper: Should we grab a drink tonight?
Faith: delicious idea!
Harper: hahaha
Faith: Come over to my place and we'll decide where to go
Harper: deal!
Summary: Harper will come over to Faith's and they will go out for a drink afterwards.
Dialogue: Carmen: have you seen my Victor Hugo book?
Carmen: I think someone borrowed it or I left it while moving out
Clarissa: nope
Karol: it looks familiar, I'll ask Romek if he has it
Agata: I borrowed it a while ago but I returned it
Carmen: thanks Karol I appreciate that
Carmen: I need this book for my architecture class
Agata: so I guess you still had this book when you were living in Brooklyn
Karol: architecture class?
Carmen: so I should ask Mike if he saw it
Carmen: Hugo described many buildings in a great detail
Karol: lol that's why it was too boring for me to read :p
Agata: don't insult the master
Carmen: ...
Karol: so should I ask Romek about it or there's no need?
Carmen: Romek won't have it, it must have stayed in my Brooklyn house or someone borrowed it after Agata
Agata: maybe you left at your bf's place
Carmen: my ex bf you mean
Carmen: looks like I have to text Mike
Karol: good luck with your detective work
Carmen: thanks
Agata: <file_gif>
Summary: Carmen is looking for her Victor Hugo book. He described many buildings thoroughly. She needs it for her architecture class. Agata had borrowed it, but she had returned it. Carmen will text Mike.
Dialogue: Josh: Hey! What time are we playing?
Mark: Is it tonight?
Emma: Yes!
Mark: I'm not sure I'll make it
Mark: I've got loads to do...
Hannah: Come on
Emma: We've planned this for 2 weeks, Mark
Josh: I've booked the place
Mark: Okay, I will see what I can do
Mark: and let you know later, ok?
Josh: You're getting cold feet, aren't you?
Emma: Afraid that you'll lose against the girls ;)
Hannah: LOL
Mark: No, I'm not
Mark: Ok, I'll stretch and be there
Emma: 8pm?
Josh: I booked it for 7:30
Hannah: Great
Emma: Ok, see you!
Summary: Josh, Mark, Emma and Hannah are playing sports at 7:30 pm tonight.
Dialogue: Jack: Hey mate, what’s up?
Philip: Hey Jack
Jack: PCM
Philip: when?
Jack: tmrw
Summary: Jack will call Philip tomorrow.
Dialogue: Pete: What are you doing tonight?
Claire: I'm studying -.- or at least pretending to.
Pete: rotfl, won't you need a break at some point?
Claire: Maybe, why?
Pete: Oh, I thought we could go for a walk, it's so nice outside
Claire: I'd love to but I really need to study...
Pete: Oh, OK, maybe some other time then.
Claire: Yeah, maybe some other time.
Summary: Claire would like to go out with Pete, but she needs to study.
Dialogue: Alice: I'm lost I think
Mary: google maps?
Alice: I'm not good with it
Elisabeth: where are you, send me your location
Alice: <file_other>
Elisabeth: LOL, why there?
Alice: I just followed the hints from your email
Mary: anyway, somthing went wrong here
Elisabeth: I'm arriving by car, so I could pick you up
Elisabeth: but could you come to the main station? it's 10 min from where you are
Alice: I could but I'm afraid I can lost again, my orientation is so bad
Elisabeth: ok, in this case stay where you are and I'll come to pick you up
Alice: thanks!
Elisabeth: I should be there in 20 min
Alice:👍
Summary: Elisabeth will pick Alice up because she got lost.
Dialogue: Rod: Can you send me you email address?
Stewart: Sure.
Stewart: stewart@gmail.com
Rod: Thanks. Check your box in five minutes.
Stewart: All right.
Summary: Stewart sends Rod his email address: stewart@gmail.com. Stewart will check his mailbox in five minutes. 
Dialogue: Anna: Hi honey :*
Anna: Are u free tonight?
Anna: Maybe cinema?
Adam: Sure, why nt :)
Summary: Anna invites Adam to the movies tonight.
Dialogue: Mum: Hello darling, do you have the tickets for the cinema, or will I get them?
Rob: Hi Mum xx dont worry Sally is getting them while she is down the quays
Mum: ok thats fine, did you manage to get to the doctors?
Rob: Yes I went this morning
Mum: What did they say?
Rob: Well she said it looks like rotatory cuff damage.. she said I need physio first
Mum: wont that make it worse?
Rob: Well it does hurt when I move it but I have to go physio first before they will consider an operation
Mum: oh right
Rob: she has booked me an xray so the physio know what they re working with
Mum: when is that for?
Rob: Should be in the next week or so
Rob: she said they would call me and write to me
Mum: Well hopefully they wont take long darling
Rob: me too
Mum: I'll call you later xx
Rob: ok Mum xxx
Summary: Sally will get the cinema tickets when she is down the guays. Rob went to the doctor this morning about his rotatory cuff damage. The doctor ordered him to have an xray before an operation is considered. He should have it next week. 
Dialogue: Gerda: Hello, Natalie:)
Natalie: Hi, Gerda. What's new?
Gerda: Well, this and that.
Natalie: You caught my attention=)
Gerda: Did it utterly on purpose:)
Natalie: You! Slick person!
Gerda: Why don't we meet tonight?
Natalie: Sure, we can do that.
Gerda: Let's go out. Have a nice dinner?
Natalie: Works for me.
Natalie: Where do we go?
Gerda: Let's check out this new Thai place on Main Street.
Natalie: Sounds perfect. I'll pick you up at seven.
Summary: Natalie will pick up Gerda tonight at 7 for dinner at the new Thai place on Main street.
Dialogue: Kate: Why don't you pick up your phone?
Max: It's muted
Kate: I've been tried to reach you for some time now.
Kate: Call me back.
Max: Ok. Just a second.
Summary: Max didn't pick up his phone. He will call Kate back.
Dialogue: Kerry: Hi Liv, I was thinking of taking the kids sledding.
Kerry: There's so much new snow after the snowstorm. 
Kerry: Maybe u want to join us with Max?
Olivia: Hey Kerry! Sure, we'd love to.
Olivia: Max has been looking through the window all morning.
Olivia: And complaining that he has no one to play with.
Kerry: Great, the girls will be happy if he comes along. :)
Kerry: Let's meet at the hill near the playground in about an hour?
Olivia: Perfect! :)
Summary: Kerry and Olivia will meet at the hill near the playground because they're taking their kids sledding.
Dialogue: Love: The party was awesome!
Jesus: Oh yes 
Armstrong: What did I miss?
Jesus: So much!! 
Summary: Love and Jesus were at the awesome party. Armstrong missed it.
Dialogue: Zoeh: Have your dad gone to work?
Caleb: Yea he has
Zoeh: I and my mother were planning to visit ur place
Caleb: You can come now she is free
Zoeh: Ok inform her about us
Caleb: I already have
Zoeh: Oke would be there in half an hour
Summary: Zoeh wants Caleb to let his mother know her and her mother are coming over in half an hour.
Dialogue: Nicky: Is Birgit from Latvia?
Sina: no, she's from Estonia
Kenny: quite the same :P
Andrew: yeah, the Baltic states
Nicky: but don't tell her
Nicky: I think she's quite happy not to be Latvian
Andrew: typical
Summary: Birgit is from Estonia.
Dialogue: Joseph: Hey baby whats happening?
Emma: Nothing just waiting there are so many candidates.. its a panel interview
Joseph: Dont worry ... its all going to be ok...  just be confident you will get the job
Emma: i am so nervous its been 9 years i was home i feel useless now
Joseph: Dont be stupid. education and experience do not fade away.. just be confident 
Emma: Ok honey
Joseph: believe in yourself and just remember you can do everything in this world. 
Emma: Thanks honey for all the moral support it means alot!
Joseph: i want you to be confident like before dont be so self conscious. you were the best and you are the best 
Emma:  :) love you for everything..
Joseph: love you too babe.. how much time for your turn
Emma: they just called my name ... see ya honey
Joseph: See you babe good luck
Summary: Emma is having a job interview. She hasn't worked for 9 years.
Dialogue: Darek: My cousin was invited to a wedding by his friend
Darek: He's tall, handsome and intelligent but very shy
Darek: He told me that it's extremely hard for him to initiate a conversation with a nice girl
Lidia: Alright, enough, I see
Lidia: In short, he wants me to accompany him, right?
Darek: Actually, he didn't even ask me about that but he said he's ready to go alone
Darek: We're good friends and I can't accept such a decision
Darek: We've been building up his self-confidence for 2 months now but he still needs to work on it
Lidia: Wow, Darek, I'm impressed!
Lidia: You're doing him a favor without him asking you, how noble
Lidia: When's this wedding?
Darek: In 3 weeks, 6th May
Lidia: I haven't planned anything for 6th May yet
Lidia: So I could go with him, on one condition...
Darek: Fire away
Lidia: He must ask me himself. He can call me, text, send a letter... whatever
Lidia: I need to see any initiative from him. Deal?
Darek: Deal! You're the best! I'll make him break the ice
Summary: Lidia agrees to go to a wedding on 6th May with Darek's cousin on the condition that the cousin asks her himself.
Dialogue: Joshua: <file_other>
Joshua: Any ideas?
Joshua: Approve, delete?
Evelyn: I'd approve
Evelyn: For me it's not an ad
Aria: I agree
Joshua: Ok
Joshua: Approved :)
Summary: Joshua wants to either approve or delete a file. Evelyn and Aria reckon it's not an ad so would approve it.
Dialogue: Robert: yo did u talk to the teacher
Bale: i did but she wont do it
Robert: what do u mean she wont do it
Bale: i asked her to push the deadline forward a bit
Robert: and?
Bale: i had to get a lecture -_-
Robert: she says she wont do it
Bale: not per say
Robert: what do u mean
Bale: she didnt say she wont do it
Robert: what are u sayin
Bale: she says she'll think about it
Robert: come on man we have to submit that project or else our grade will fall down like a tree in the storm
Bale: like a tree in the storm?? xD xD
Robert: do we have time for jokes? :/
Bale: i dont know do we have time for old phrases xD
Robert: ugghh
Summary: Robert and Bale have to submit the project. Bale asked their teacher to push the deadline but she hasn't given them the answer. 
Dialogue: Karen: Is Auntie's birthday this week or next?
May: next
Karen: Phew!
Karen: My parents were getting nervous that they didn't buy her anything and may not make it this week
May: Hm... I haven't heard that she'll throw a party or anything
May: I'll ask her though
Karen: If you may that'd be amazing. You know my parents, they need to know everything in advance
May: Ok, no problem. Are you going away this week?
Karen: They're probably going to the seaside for the weekend. I'm staying
May: Oh, so maybe I could join you?
Karen: Yeah, why not, bring wine, we could order some pizza
May: Cool. I was supposed to go out with my friends but they went down with a cold
May: Should I bring anything else?
Karen: No, I think we're pretty much set with netflix
May: when are your parents coming back?
Karen: Sunday, I think
May: Ok, can I come over on Saturday?
Karen: Sure, you can come even on Friday. They're leaving straight after work
Summary: Auntie's birthday is next week. May will ask if she's throwing a party. Karen's parents are going to the seaside for the weekend. May will join her on Friday. They'll have some wine, pizza and Netflix.
Dialogue: Olivia: Albert was sooo pissed today
Alexandra: XD
Olivia: You trolled him good
Alexandra: He deserved it
Olivia: I know 3:)
Summary: Albert was angry, because Alexandra made fun of him. 
Dialogue: Irwin: Hello
Lampard: Ssup bro
Irwin: How are the houses there in Wendani.
Lampard: They are dope as hell bruh.
Lampard: You want to move in around here.
Irwin: That is what I am considering
Lampard: Just move in here.
Lampard: I will even help you to find a house.
Irwin: Really?
Lampard: Yeah. The houses are cheap but just awesome
Lampard: No water shortage or power outage at anytime of day
Irwin: Cool. I think I will have to come and see for myself.
Lampard: Cool. Just hit me up when you are here.
Summary: Irwin is considering moving to Wendani. Lampard is excited and wants to help him find a house.
Dialogue: Brenda: hi, how you holding up?
Paulina: I'm doing very well actually
Brenda: ve heard about your diet
Paulina: Claire told oyu?
Brenda: yup
Brenda: so, any resultst so far?
Paulina: yeah.. no
Paulina: I mean, I feel better
Paulina: but I didnt lose a pound
Brenda: muscles weighmore
Paulina: I dont know if its muscles
Paulina: I don't exercise really
Brenda: 😨
Brenda: so its just diet?
Paulina: yaeh
Paulina: three weeks already, no results
Brenda: poor babeh
Paulina: 😭
Brenda: good luck with the diet, and move around a bit more!
Paulina: I think I'd have to
Paulina: bye xx
Brenda: bye x
Summary: Paulina has been dieting for three weeks with no results. Brenda advises her to exercise more.
Dialogue: Leo: Have you heard the news?!
Leah: About the funding?
Camille: What?? I don't know anything
Leah: The department got 1m quid!! 
Camille: One million???
Leo: That's correct
Leo: For the India project 
Summary: The department got £1000000 for the India project, as Leo reports.
Dialogue: Sam: Hi Leah, it's your favourite former student here! How are you?
Leah: Sam! How are you doing? How's Uni going?
Sam: It's amazing! I love my flat, my friends and course! 
Leah: Oh, I'm so pleased. I know what it's like to have dodgy flatmates, from bitter experience!
Sam: Well, there were a couple of pesky vegans in the flat at the beginning of term, but they decided to leave mid-Oct. We didn't argue or anything though. They were thoroughly disturbed by our burger addiction and quietly found somewhere else. 
Leah: Vegans are people too! 
Sam: Yes, maybe! Anyway, How's college going?
Leah: Hectic as always! Jon is still entertaining us with his guitar playing and freestyle rapping!
Sam: Oh yes, I remember us all working in the studio and him singing Bowie songs when he died. It wasn't bad!
Leah: Yes, I don't mind Jon's singing, but the rapping is another story! I think he practises it in college because it annoys his wife too much!
Sam: 😄
Leah: I think coming in third in that rap battle in Bristol went to his head! Hope you're working hard, my boy!
Sam: Of course I am Leah, what with my 3 deadlines this month and my job at the cinema. No time for partying at the mo!
Leah: I can't believe it, Sam! When I was in Poly it was all raves and glowsticks! 
Sam: I'd love to have seen you then! It's not the 90s anymore, Leah! We've got fees, loans and virtually no grants! It's work, work work now!
Leah: I'm just kidding, I know what my nephew goes through.
Sam: Anyway, just completed some new illustrations. They're on Instagram if you know what that is?
Leah: Cheek! I'm not over the hill yet! I'll check them out.
Sam: I saw one of your book covers again the other day, stunning! 
Leah: Yes, my heady days as a freelancer. I miss it sometimes, then I think of the money...
Sam: Well, it's a precarious profession, isn't it? I've got all this to come.
Leah: Come for a chat in the hols. I'll dig out my old contacts book, give you a few names.
Sam: Thanks Leah. See you next month, probably. Bye!
Leah: Bye Sam. See you soon!
Summary: Sam is Leah's former college student. He likes his university, flat and friends. He lived with some vegans before, but they moved out mid-October. Leah's college is hectic. Sam is working hard, he has 3 deadlines this month and a job at the cinema. He's also an illustrator and designed a book cover.
Dialogue: Darcey: COMING!
Isabel: oh rly?
Niamh: About time...
Skye: no comment
Darcey: I LOVE YOU TOO!
Summary: Darcey is finally coming.
Dialogue: Greg: Hi, I'm gonna be late. Can you wait for me outside the station?
Brina: Upstairs?
Greg: Yes. 
Brina: Okey. I'll be waiting in front of the coffee shop. 
Greg: Be there in 10 minutes. 
Brina: OK.
Summary: Greg will be 10 minutes late and Brina will wait for him in front of the coffee shop.
Dialogue: Kate: What on earth have you done with your hair????
Josh: I've had a decent haircut :)
Kate: decent
Kate: hahahahha
Kate: you've got hair in the colours of the rainbow :)
Josh: don't exaggerate :)
Kate: send me a photo
Josh: ok
Josh: <file_photo>
Summary: Josh sent Kate a photo of his haircut. He wants to prove that his hair does not exactly has the colours of the rainbow.
Dialogue: Brenda: Meet my new granddaughter, Ava Jane! <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Scott: Aw! Cutie!
Brenda: I can't get enough of her!
Scott: I bet!
Brenda: We made the whole feast Thursday and brought it to there house.
Scott: Oh, lots of baby time!
Brenda: Yes! 
Scott: Are you running tomorrow?
Brenda: Yes and the next day.
Scott: Really?
Brenda: Yes, two 5K's back to back!
Scott: Ugh!
Brenda: This grandma still has some go!
Scott: LOL!
Summary: Brenda has become a grandmother. She will run 5K tomorrow and the next day.
Dialogue: Joe: yo!
Joe: got the tickets?
Henry: yo!
Henry: already purchased
Henry: still need to print them ofc
Joe: can't believe we're finally going to the game
Henry: me neither
Henry: it's been ages since we planned doing it
Joe: hope the weather will be nice
Henry: I'm more concerned about them winning
Joe: they're on a roll recently
Joe: should be okay
Henry: hope so
Joe: anyway, need to go now
Joe: will catch you later
Henry: cya
Summary: Joe and Henry are excited about the game they are going to.
Dialogue: Tina: This is getting unbearable!!!
Ethan: What is?
Tina: His mother commenting on our lives!!!!
Ethan: hey, calm down, talk to me
Tina: oh sorry :( 
Ethan: No worries, what's wrong?
Tina: We have made plans, and she as always comments on everything and wants us to change them according to her wishes
Ethan: I see ...
Tina: It is SO ANNOYING
Ethan: I can imagine, but what is the problem exactly?
Tina: We wanted to take a little break and go on a weekend road trip but she says it's better if we take a plane
Ethan: Where do you want to go?
Tina: Prague 
Ethan: oooh It's a long drive!
Tina: I know, but we decided it's better that way
Ethan: I see why you are angry but she wants you to enjoy the trip, not be stuck in a car for half of it
Tina: I know I know but he doesn't like flying so I compromise 
Ethan: Oh, it got a bit more complicated
Tina: Yeah ... well, we still have some time to make a decision 
Ethan: Just do what you think it's best, and you'll be fine
Tina: Ugh ... You're right, thank you! 
Summary: Tina's frustrated as his mother tampers with their private affairs. Tina wants to go on a weekend road trip to Prague with him but his mother suggests that it'd be better for them to go by plane.
Dialogue: Abby: Hey!! What are you doing this Wednesday?
Jason: uhh, not sure,I think my mom wanted me to stop by for dinner.
Abby:  Ha, you’re not sure!? Well, if you end up being free I’ve got a super fun proposition.
Jason: oh yeah, and what’s that?
Abby:  Well, Wednesday’s are cheaper days at the movies, and there’s this new movie about Queen, I thought we could check it out.
Jason: Queen, Freddie Mercury, the band movie?
Abby: Yeah dude, sounds pretty cool right? 
Jason: I could watch a movie bout that. 
Abby: Here’s a link to the trailer.
Jason: Sweet, looks pretty cool. I’m down. I’ll ask my mom when she’s having dinner, maybe we can catch a late screening.
Abby: cool cool, yeah let me know what time. I’d want to buy the tickets in advance since it’ll probably be full that night. 
Summary: Abby invites Jason to go see the movie about Queen with her this Wednesday, as Wednesdays are cheaper days at the cinema. Jason might have to go to his mom for dinner, but they might still be able to catch a late screening.
Dialogue: Mark: Have you seen the doctor?
Dan: Yes, I was so stressed before the visit
Mark: But there was no reason to freak out
Dan: Rationally thinking there was no reason, but still
Mark: I don't really understand this exaggeration 
Dan: My mother died of it, so when he said there is a hint of suspicion I was petrified
Mark: oh, I see, I had no idea your mother died of it, I am sorry
Dan: I know, I didn't explain
Mark: No, you didn't
Dan: But exactly for this reason - I didn't want to make even bigger drama
Mark: Sure!
Dan: But everything turned out to be fine
Mark: Yes, but all the waiting brought so many bad emotions and memories.
Dan: Now I can imagine!
Mark: Anyway, he told me I should do the examination periodically, because of the history of my family
Dan: Anybody else had this type of cancer in your family?
Mark: The scary thing is, that in my mother's family almost everybody had it
Dan: Damn
Mark: Exactly!
Dan: But if you control it, everything should be fine. Don't worry too much
Mark: I won't, thanks
Dan: ;)
Summary: Dan saw the doctor because he suspected cancer and his mother died of it. He should do regular check-ups.
Dialogue: Liam: I can't handle Amy anymore
Kai: What happened?
Liam: It's so hard with her
Liam: I love her but it's too much for me
Liam: We argue all the time
Kai: Is she the one starting it?
Liam: All the time
Liam: Yesterday she broke all my plates
Liam: She got furious because she thinks I have feelings for Dalila. 
Liam: Dalila is just a friend. But Amy cannot understand it.
Summary: Liam loves Amy, but can't stand the fact that she is starting argumets all the time. Yesterday she got mad and broke all his plates because she's jealous of Dalila, who is Liam's friend.
Dialogue: Heather: Good luck at your first day of work!!
Joe: Thanks :D
Heather: How's it going so far?
Joe: So far, so good ;) Every1 seems pretty friendly :)
Joe: Apart from this one guy - have you heard of Beck MacNeil?
Heather: Yeah, guy's a total idiot. Just stay far away and you'll be fine
Heather: Oh, and word for the wise - at lunch, don't choose the pasta
Joe: o...kay? O.o o.O
Heather: Trust me on this one - ya don't wanna know :P
Joe: Kay then. No pasta for this guy
Heather: :)
Summary: Joe's first day at work is going well, Heather has some tips for him. 
