Dialogue: Linda: Are you interested in going to the Amish store with me this week?
Bill: Maybe. What day can you go?
Linda: The best day to go is Wednesday, it's bakery day.
Bill: Ah, I see. I can make Wednesday if we go first thing.
Linda: Done deal.
Bill: What should I get for Barbara? She needs cheering up.
Linda: Probably noodles! She loves those. 
Bill: Okay.
Linda: Why does she need cheering up?
Bill: It's this time of year. When it gets dark so early it depresses her.
Linda: Oh poor thing.
Bill: Yeah. Doesn't help that her job is being made redundant soon.
Linda: I had forgotten about that.
Bill: Right after Christmas, that's it.
Linda: Poor thing. What is she going to do?
Bill: Probably go to school for something else.
Linda: Smart.
Bill: Nobody explained how much computers were going to take over the world. Now is the time to learn programming or whatever you can.
Linda: True! Computers run everything.
Bill: They do.
Summary: Linda and Bill are going to the Amish store on Wednesday. Bill will get noodles for Barbara to cheer her up. Barbara is depressed at this time of the year and she will lose her job right after Christmas. Barbara will go to school to learn programming.
Dialogue: John: Hey
John: what are you doing? 
Karissa: Watching the millionaires 
Karissa: what art you my love
John: Watching Price is right 
Karissa: Anything interesting happenin? 
John: Nope
John: Wanna head off to mc Donalds? 
Karissa: After the show
Karissa: Sure 
John: I will pick u up then 
Karissa: K 
John: Im cravin for a Big Mac combo
John: Havent eaten since breakfast
Karissa: Poor u 
Karissa: I wanna pick up some notes from Lauren 
John: Where does she live? 
Karissa: On clearance ave
John: we can stop by her place then 
Karissa: I just wanna pick up some notes
Karissa: I will wait here then! 
John: 💑
Summary: Karissa is watching the Millionaires and John is watching Prince is right. After the show, John will pick her up and they will go to McDonald's. John hasn't eaten since breakfast and he will have a Big Mac combo. On their way, Karissa will pick up some notes from Lauren. 
Dialogue: Andrew: wow, weekend! finally!
Andrew: this week's been pretty hard
Nicky: yep, it was
Nicky: work work work
Andrew: we're starting a new project next month
Andrew: and we do everything at a last moment, as usual ;)
Rick: yeah, its always like that
Rick: they dont usually plan in advance
Nicky: they dont seem to learn their lessons;)
Andrew: thats the point
Andrew: anyways, I hope to have a good rest
Rick: yeah, me too!
Nicky: Im just gonna do nothing!
Nicky: :D
Rick: good idea!
Andrew: Me too, I really need a break
Andrew: sleep, in the first place
Andrew: see kids
Rick: ok take care guys!
Nicky: talk to U later!
Summary: Andrew, Nicky and Rick had a hard week at work. They just want to rest and do nothing. Andrew has a new project next month, and now he just wants to sleep and see kids.
Dialogue: Rick: I quit my girl coz she said comics suck
Dave: Wtf?
Rick: True story, bro
Dave: Did you even have a gf?
Rick: Yes, didn't I tell you?
Dave: Nope
Rick: Well, she was my gf for less than a week
Dave: Did you guys seriously break up because of comics?
Rick: Sure we did, she said nerds are suckers and that comic books are for wankers
Dave: How sweet of her XD
Rick: But she was pretty... my bad
Dave: Sorry for you, you comic book nerd
Summary: Rick has broke up with his girlfriend over comic books. Dave didn't know Rick had a girlfriend
Dialogue: Rick: that goes without saying!! what type of music should we have their then?
Evelyn: Haha of course 🙂Hmm how about sound of music?
Rick: which song?
Evelyn: I've got no idea
Rick: ohh - iv got music for my dramatic entrance!!
Evelyn: Ooh go on ;)
Rick: its the spy theme tune they always play in spy movies
Evelyn: Haha like your a new detective ;)
Rick: you know - dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de, dun dun, de de dun...
Evelyn: Of course I know what you mean ;) yeah sure 🙂
Rick: de de duuuunnn, de de duuuuuuuuunn, de de duuuuuuuuunnn, de dem
Evelyn: You're erm gettin rather carried away now aren't you ;)
Summary: Rick picked a spy theme for his dramatic entrance.
Dialogue: Jackson: I like that duo with sixtynine and nicki
Kaleigh: They're great together eh? 
Kala: Yeah I love FEFE
Kala: They're matching! 
Jackson: Their video is great too
Kaleigh: I wonder if they're going to make another clip together
Kaleigh: They great
Kala: I wonder if they're coming to Calgary for a concert
Jackson: That would be hard
Jackson: But we'll see 
Kaleigh: I just
Kaleigh: Adore them 
Kala: K Kaleigh we understand
Summary: Jackson, Kaleigh and Kala are fond of sixtynine and nicki duo and their mutual clip.
Dialogue: Kyle: can you cover me at work? 
John: what time and day?
Kyle: Friday from 10-3
John: yeah shouldn't be a problem let me check
Kyle: ok great thanks
John: yeah its fine I have class at 4 but its close so its all good
Kyle: awesome thanks so much again
Summary: John can cover Kyle at work on Friday from 10-3. 
Dialogue: Dan: don't have money 4 ticket
Nate: me 2 :/
Dan: fuck!
Summary: Dan and Nate don't have money for ticket.
Dialogue: Kate: Heard that you've been to the hospital last week
Kate: Everything's ok?
Luca: yes yes 
Luca: I had a fight with an ex friend of mine, but everything's alright now
Kate: Good for you
Kate: If you needed anything, just call me, ok?
Luca: Ok, thanks :)
Summary: Luca was in the hospital last week and he is alright now. He had a fight with his ex friend.
Dialogue: Erin: hey nick, could i borrow some money from you?
Nick: mmm, they say you should never lend money to your friends
Erin: why?
Nick: because it may ruin the friendship
Erin: that's nonsense. i'll pay you back
Nick: ok. how much do you need?
Erin: enough to buy a new pair of prada shoes
Nick: what for?
Erin: nothing specific, i was shopping online and saw them and fell in love with them right away
Nick: i thought the money was for an emergency or something important
Erin: shoes are important
Nick: mmm, no they are not
Erin: come on! does that mean you won't lend me the money?
Nick: sorry friend, i can't lend you money for shoes
Summary: Erin wants to borrow money from Nick for a new pair of Prada shoes. He declines because it's not an emergency.
Dialogue: Jackie: Why so angry today?
Daria: I hate my maths teacher, she's literally a Nazi.
Jackie: Literally? Omg!!! Does she wear a black uniform? :P
Daria: Oh come on, stop nitpicking!
Jackie: Ok, sorry...
Daria: All right, so let's say she's literally a piece of... no, wait. XD
Jackie: Hah, good one!
Daria: You can smell her evil nature from afar. :P ;)
Jackie: What did that poor woman do to you?
Daria: Nothing, she just teaches maths and I hate maths. That makes her a Nazi!
Jackie: I think you're using the social media too much, you know...
Daria: Stop being a bigot! :P ;)
Summary: Daria hates math. Because of that, Daria hates her math teacher as well and compares her to a Nazi.
Dialogue: Isabella: Where are you guys?
Sophia: Come on Isabel, we are waving at you!
Mia: We are beside the clown on stilts
Isabella: I see you!
Sophia: hurry up
Mia: gogogo!
Summary: Sophia and Mia are waving at Isabella from beside the clown on stilts. She notices them and goes to join them.
Dialogue: Joyce: I'm flying next week
Joyce: Do you guys want something from the UK?
Fernanda: Thanks, that's kind of you
Fernanda: But I don't need anything
Henry: Me neither, thanks
Joyce: ok
Joyce: See you in a week! 
Summary: Joyce will not bring anything for Fernanda and Henry from the UK.
Dialogue: Tessa: Dinner's ready!
Tessa: Are you coming?
Tom: will be there in a sec
Summary: Tom will come for dinner in a sec. 
Dialogue: Mark: Please Alice, forgive me.
Alice: I told you to stop messaging me.
Alice: And stop calling me.
Mark: But please, we need to talk.
Mark: I want to explain everything...
Alice: You should have thought about that earlier...
Summary: Alice doesn't want to talk to Mark anymore.
Dialogue: Daniel: where are you?
Sophie: i am with eva.. having lunch
Daniel: where?
Sophie: in a restaurant
Daniel: which?.
Sophie: why are you investigation whats wrong 
Daniel: because i am here at a restaurant and seeing someone like you with charlie and that too kissing?
Sophie: what?
Daniel: dont come back home now... i dont need you any way
Sophie: ok get lost
Summary: Daniel and Sophie break up.
Dialogue: Hallie: I hope u already awake to get ready for ur job interview :) Are u getting ready?
Javon: I am already on my way
Hallie: Ok. Let me know when u done with the job interview
Javon: Interview done, returning home
Hallie: How was it?
Javon: Great but I might be over qualified
Hallie: It shouldn't disqualify u i think
Summary: Javon has had a job interview. It went well, but he thinks he might be overqualified.
Dialogue: Mike: What time are you coming back?
Elena: I had to stay at work
Mike: ok
Elena: Are you making lunch?
Elena: put some veggies in
Elena: I'm off
Mike: ok
Elena: will be there in 15 mins
Mike: buy some bread
Elena: there isn't any?
Mike: nope
Elena: Not sure where I can get some
Mike: on your way?
Summary: Mike is preparing lunch. Elena will be home in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Jane: So mom is out of the woods and resting comfortably. 
George: Thanks! So glad you were there to be with her!
Jane: No problem. Just wonder what we should do going forward?
George: What do you mean?
Jane: She’s very unsteady and may be worse now after the fall. How will she be able to stay on her own?
George: Oh, I see. I didn’t know she was that bad.
Jane: Yes, she is. You haven’t seen her in a while.
George: True. I can’t afford the plane tickets.
Jane: I understand, not your fault! 
George: Sorry!
Jane: It’s okay; I just want to get your thoughts on mom. Should we try to hire someone to look in on her daily? Move her laundry to the upstairs? What do you think?
George: I think we should definitely try to avoid having the laundry on a different floor or get a stair lift or something. Which is cheaper?
Jane: I think a stair lift is a few thousand, but so would a plumbing job and getting a stackable that would fit upstairs. About even, in other words. Not sure what she’ll go for. Probably neither!
George: She might go for the lift then. Keeps everything pretty much the same.
Jane: True.
George: What about getting someone to check on her?
Jane: I was thinking the neighbor. She’s retired and I’d offer to pay her to pop in once a day and have coffee, keep her company. Can you help out with the cash?
George: Not really. I’m pretty strapped and need to save for a plane ticket back, apparently!
Jane: Okay, I’ll see what I can figure out.
George: What did the doctor say?
Jane: She didn’t break anything, just a bad sprain where she tried to catch herself.
George: Thank God she didn’t hit her head!
Jane: I know!
George: Good thing you were dropping by anyway. How long did she lay there?
Jane: Not long, an hour or so. Long enough!
George: She must have been scared. I’ll call her later. Do they let her have her phone?
Jane: Yes, but it may need to be charged. Call the hospital and ask for 2231.
George: Okay.
Jane: Speak soon. Love you!
George: Love you too and thanks again!
Summary: Jane and George's mother fell and had a bad sprain trying to catch herself. George hasn't seen mum long due to expensive plane tickets. They consider hiring a retired neighbour to check on mum daily and spend some time with her, but George can't help with it financially. He will call mum later.
Dialogue: Molly: I'm super tired after the last night, I'll just stay home
Molly: sorry guys
Jeff: Hmm, I see, but then maybe it doesn't make much sense for us to rent a car
Ramona: Until there is somebody who'd like to take Molly's place
John: I'm sorry guys to read that the plan is falling apart, but I'm not even in town
Barbara: Ramona wrote me on priv, it's a cool idea, but I have nobody to leave Jeremy with, so sorry
Ramona: ok, let's just leave it then
Ramona: But the problem is that I cannot cancel the car like that, it's been booked, we will have to pay a fine
Molly: I think that a fine is still smaller than renting the car
Ramona: Not necessarily, they actually don't like to keep cars in the small depot in the city centre
Ramona: I've just talked to a guy from the rental company and he said that we would have to pay for the car anyway and if we leave it in the depot we should also pay an additional fee.
Molly: what bastards!
Jeff: we could cancel it even a day before, but not the last minute
Molly: so it's all my fault?
Jeff: didn't cross my mind until you said it!
Molly: ok, so let's rent the car, sorry for the problems, maybe it's really too late to change this plan, I'll be ready in half an hour
Jeff: good girl!
Ramona: good decision!
Molly: but I warn you, I may be a bit grumpy 
Ramona: nothing new! :P can't be worse than usual 
Jeff: hahahah
Summary: Molly is very tired and she doesn't want to go out with Jeff, Ramona and Barbara. Ramona finds out that canceling a car reservation is more expensive than renting a car. Molly decides to rent a car with Jeff, Ramona and Barbara.
Dialogue: Carl: could anyone lend me 10bucks till friday?
Newt: not this week bud
Carl: oops. Rosie?
Rosie: yeah lazy ass. send me your acc numbah
Carl: youre the best <3
Summary: Rosie is going to lend Carl 10 dollars.
Dialogue: Jimmy: Hey what's up?
Stefan: Hey I'm fine, are we gonna meet up today?
Jimmy: Yeah that's what I wanted to ask :P where's the meeting point?
Stefan: In front of the Maria's house
Jimmy: OK, but… I've never been at her place, do you know her address?
Stefan: Wait a sec
Jimmy: ;)
Stefan: Salmon St. 120
Jimmy: Thx!
Stefan: No problem
Jimmy: Ooooh, she lives so close to the Wembley Stadium, how cool!
Stefan: Yeaah, great, isn't it? She doesn't have to go long way after concerts as we do
Jimmy: Mhm, I really hate this part of concerts. So cool! Ok man, I gotta go, see you in the afternoon!
Stefan: See u! And bring your cards, ok?
Jimmy: Sure, see you!
Summary: Stefan wants to know if they meet with Jimmy. 
Dialogue: James: I'm at the cinema
James: Where are you guys?
Peter: Oh shit!! I forgot!!!
Adrian: LOL
Summary: James is at the cinema.
Dialogue: Mary: Love to know your tips on saving money on a daily basis!
Greg: we cut back on heating, water, electricity
Mary: seems easy!
Ben: we always follow our shopping list and buy non-brand products at the supermarket
Greg: they are much cheaper and of good quality too
Nick: try cheaper shops like Asda, Lidl, Aldi
Peter: we plan meals so as not to throw food away and we have take-away only in emergency
Greg: some people throw away loads! such a waste!
Mary: we try not to do that, my mother taught me it’s a sin! ;)
Ben: some products are cheaper in huge bags, buy seasonal fruit & veg, eat less meat
Mary: meat is very expensive, isn’t it?!
Emma: i save a lot on packed lunches, homemade soups and cakes
Peter: cancel Sky and go for Netflix
Tom: give up alcohol and cigarettes perhaps
Mary: i don’t drink at all and i’m not a smoker! X
Tom: at all?! Yeah, whatever!
Sam: never leave a house without snacks for kids! Haha!
Greg: we simply try not to buy thing that we don’t need!
Tom: when i go shopping for extra stuff i always carry cash with me and i leave my card at home!
Peter: quit the gym, netflix and other stuff if you don’t actually use them!
Zara: i save up every month to pay off my mortgage quicker
Greg: switch to tap water- a lot cheaper than bottled water and better for the environment too!
Mary: that is awesome!
Summary: They give Mary a lot of advice on how to save up money. For instance, she can do her shopping in cheaper supermarkets, buy non-brand products and avoid throwing food away or switch to drinking tap water.
Dialogue: Janet: I am ashamed. Who voted for this pussy? It's your fault.
Alison: Remember the Wizard of Oz? He might have melted.
Nicole: He’s a sissy boy.
Cheryl:  RAIN omfg thats so shameful and disrespectful 😡
Buff: Pussy in Chief.
Linda: Trump is selfish and inconsiderate.
Janet: What an embarrassment to our nation and the world!!!
Roz: Where is Elsie? I miss you vomit 😊
Cheryl: WTF EVER trumpola didnt want to mess up his pity full comb over.....
Janet: Trump = snowflake
Linda: Baby. He’s a spoiled brat baby. Nothing about Donald Trump to be proud of or want to defend.
Arlene: HIs hair and makeup would have been ruined!
Roz: Exactly 😊
Leslie: Which adviser, who he doesn't listen to anyway, thought missing this ceremony was a good idea? Shameful!
Eric: What a pussy. We should grab him and kick him to the curb.
Sue: All the other leaders managed to make it, so there is no excuse, for me.
Roz:  It's all about the hair.
Sue: afraid the colour of his orange hair would run????
Linda: Never heard of an umbrella :)
Summary: Janet considers Trump's election victory a disgrace.
Dialogue: Evelyn: Pete I'll be late, pls tell that Mr. Dickinson
Peter: but the meeting is in 15 minutes!
Peter: He's gonna kill you
Evelyn: I know, but I needed to get Mary to school and now I'm stuck in traffic :(
Peter: <file_gif>
Peter: perhaps Mr. Dickinson will also be late…
Evelyn: I wish, but he never is…
Evelyn: I hope this meeting won't be disaster
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Evelyn wants Pete to inform Mr. Dickinson she will be late to their meeting because she is in traffic after she dropped off Mary at school.
Dialogue: Karen: could you send me the picture you took of me at the conference?
Adam: from your presentation?
Karen: yes, please
Adam: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Karen: thank you so much!
Adam: how did you like being on stage?
Karen: it was so nerve-wracking! I was really really stressed
Adam: seriously? I would never tell! you looked like a pro :)
Karen: wow, thanks :) it was my first time
Adam: looks like you're a natural ;)
Karen: that's a bold statement haha
Adam: I was impressed :)
Karen: how was the last lecture? 
Adam: very interesting, but I was really tired by the end of the day
Karen: it was a long day for everybody
Adam: totally agree
Karen: see you next year?
Adam: maybe even before that, I will probably be visiting your office in March
Karen: great, so I'll see you then :)
Adam: that's right :)
Karen: thanks again for the pictures!
Adam: no problem
Summary: According to Adam, Karen's presentation at the conference was impressive. Adam will visit Karen's office in March.
Dialogue: Caroline: when will you come?
Annie: at 8?
Caroline: ok
Caroline: i will buy some wine and ice cream
Annie: are we celebrating anything?
Caroline: yes, i just got a scholarship
Annie: wow congratulations
Summary: Annie will come at 8. Caroline will buy wine and ice-cream. Caroline has just received a scholarship.
Dialogue: Caroline: hey, have you got Julia's phone number? 
Caroline: She doesn't reply on messenger...
Jane: Yep, wait.
Jane: 0 56437895438 ;-)
Caroline: thx!
Summary: Julia doesn't respond on messanger. Caroline gives Jane Julia's phone number.
Dialogue: Kaleigh: Heading to the library
Marc: Ok Im still eating
Marc: Be right there
Kaleigh: Ok 
Summary: Kaleigh is going to library. Marc is still eating, he'll come soon.
Dialogue: Sam: Who's Mark Gungor?
Leigh: I've seen his speech on the nothing box. Watch it on youtube. It's both hilarious and true.
Kris: I think I know the one. A lot of buzzing? ;)
Leigh: That's him! :)
Kris: He has a podcast?
Leigh: Yeah! U can easily find it on the net.
Sam: Just watching! Super funny!
Kris: Any other ideas?
Sam: Have you tried Spotify?
Kris: I already told u. I'm not looking for music.
Leigh: No, no, Sam is right!
Kris: How come?
Sam: Spotify recently added podcasts to its library. I think u'll find something there. 
Kris: Rly? All the time I was paying 4 Premium I didn't see it.
Leigh: 'Cause it's a recently added feature. Haven't tried it out yet.
Sam: Neither have I, but I know it's there.
Kevin: Thanks! Will try both!
Summary: Leigh recommends Mark Gungor's podcast Sam asked about. Sam tells Kris to try Spotify that added podcasts to its library.
Dialogue: Nelly: Beer after work?
Nina: Can't, not tonight. 
Nelly: Romantic evening?
Nina: Very!
Nina: Tom's parents are coming to town for the weekend next week and I need to clean the appartment. 
Nelly: Next weekend? You've got pleanty of time! Come with me tonight!
Nina: The appart is a total mess... 
Nina: You can pop around and help me :P
Nelly: Can I bring beer?
Nina: yes, but not too much... The place needs a real good clean :(
Nelly: Damn. OK. But only 4 u, girl!
Nina: You're the best!!! 
Summary: Nina will be cleaning up her apartment before Tom's parents arrival. They are coming for the weekend next week. Nelly will pop in to Nina's for a beer.
Dialogue: Patricia: Amyyyy
Amy: Hmm?
Patricia: Have you finished your maths homework?
Amy: Not yet, why? Did you want to copy it?
Patricia: XD' Maaaaybe...
Amy: Patty, no...
Patricia: Eh :(
Amy: If you only copy, you'll fail the next test for sure... but I wouldn't mind helping you with it
Patricia: Really???
Amy: Yeah, are you free now?
Patricia: Yep! Please teach me :) <3
Summary: Amy will help Patricia with her maths homework.
Dialogue: Clay: please send me a picture of your new car!!!
Clay: irma told me it's incredible with the new paint job
Lourdes: i think she was being sarcastic lol
Lourdes: i thought it would be cute to have it painted orange
Lourdes: it's nt, it looks like a giant gross grape :-(
Summary: Lourdes had her car painted orange.
Dialogue: Maddie: For sale sign at the house next door!
Isaac: What????
Isaac: They're finally moving! Happy dance! :-))
Maddie: No more trash everywhere and barking dogs!
Isaac: Woot!
Summary: Isaac and Maddie are happy that Maddie's neighbors are going to move out and sell house. 
Dialogue: Izzy: So what happened?
Mel: I didn't like the atmosphere there. Everyone's so tense and uptight. Like there's nothing else except work. Work is everything.
Connie: Same with me. The other thing is - money. Not so good as advertised. 
Izzy: So what they say in the job ad is not true?
Connie: It is, but depends what u understand under competitive salary.
Mel: Had the same problem.
Summary: Mel didn't like the atmosphere at work and Connie was also dissatisfied with the salary.
Dialogue: Peter: Guys, what about our task for tomorrow?
Marie: Well, I don't know actually
Marie: But he will check our prepared slides, so it needs to be done
Winston: I will have the data filled by tonight
Winston: Is it ok if we use the 2014 data? Because there is only forecast data for previous years
Marie: If you have a more updated version it would be better
Winston: Current data has to be paid for
Winston: I could use the forecast one, but I am not sure if it is legit
Peter: I think we can use the 2014 data, it is for sure better than predicted numbers
Marie: I agree
Winston: and what about scale economies and experience curve effects?
Marie: We don't care about the economies of scale, we are focusing on the manufactured product
Winston: Hm, ok. But I am still not sure about what he wants us to write there
Peter: No idea, to be fair
Peter: We just have to show him something :D
Winston: <file_other>
Winston: I haven't done all of it, some questions are really hard to answer
Peter: It looks ok, we don't have to present him with all of it
Peter: Just that we need it in slides and not a Word document
Winston: Yea, I will start creating the slides now, I will have it ready before the class
Marie: Great, see you there :)
Summary: Winston will have the data filled by tonight. Marie and Peter think it is better not to rely on predicted numbers, and use 2014 instead. Winston will prepare slides, and he will have it ready before the class.
Dialogue: Abigail: you want to grab a beer? i had a rough week, i need to talk to someone
George: yeah, sure
George: what happened??
Abigail: i had a fight with my mom and now we're not talking
Abigail: it came to the point that she said that i couldn't come for christmas this year
George: i'm so sorry
George: i don't know why you argued, but i think she overreacted
George: forbidding you from coming home for christmas is just a lot
Abigail: you know that she doesn't like josh, she thinks he's not good enough for me
Abigail: so she was furious when i told her we had got engaged
Abigail: i'm not going to dump him just because of her
George: of course, you're not
George: you poor thing, i think you need a big hug
George: do you want me to drop by right now?
Abigail: that would be great :) thanks, George
George: ;) don't worry, in the worst-case scenario you'll spend christmas with my family
Summary: Abigail argued with her mother. She is furious, because Abigail and Josh got engaged. George will drop by and spend time with Abigail.
Dialogue: Emily: it's cocoa day
Delia: what do u mean?
Emily: so gloomy and rainy
Emily: the only thing u want is blanket and cocoa
Delia: <file_gif>
Delia: so true
Emily: :)
Summary: It is dark today and it is raining. A "cocoa day" is a day when you feel like covering yourself with a blanket and drinking cocoa.
Dialogue: Sarah: Hi Lucy!
Lucy: Hi Sarah!
Sarah: We're organizing a potluck get-together next weekend.
Sarah: Would you like to join us?
Lucy: Sure, who else is coming?
Sarah: Our neighbours, some colleagues from work, Jane, Judy and Kate with their guys.
Sarah: You can bring Dan along.
Lucy: OK, great, I'll make my casserole.
Sarah: You read my mind.
Sarah: I was just going to ask you to make your delicious casserole :D
Lucy: It'll be my pleasure. :)
Sarah: See you Saturday at 5 pm :)
Summary: Lucy is going to bring casserole on a party. The party starts on Saturday at 5 pm. There will be Sarah's neighbours, colleagues from her work, Jane Judy and Kate with their boyfriends on the party. 
Dialogue: Michael: Amber, you don't look well.
Amber: Yes ! I had a fever last night
Michael: Have you seen doctor??
Amber: No , not yet.
Michael: Are you taking any home made remedies?.
Amber: yes I am.
Michael: But still you must go and see doctor
Amber: Yeah i will
Summary: Amber doesn't look good as she had a fever last night. She hasn't seen a doctor yet, but she's taking some home-made remedies. 
Dialogue: Erica: Got a new dress :) 
Shelly: Show me!
Erica: <file_photo>
Shelly: It's nice.
Erica: Just nice? :(
Shelly: Not my style.
Erica: Well, I like it.
Shelly: Good for you! Where did you buy it?
Erica: The mall, ofc.
Shelly: Gonna wear it 2moro?
Erica: Obviously!
Shelly: We'll see how it looks on you :)
Summary: Erica is gonna wear a new dress tomorrow.
Dialogue: Rebeca: What time the class start
Wendy: 10:15
Rebeca: thans, hope I wont be late
Wendy: hurry up!
Summary: The class starts at 10.15 for Rebecca and Wendy.
Dialogue: Rob: What were you doing downtown?
Rob: I saw you on the crossroads today :D
Alan: Hah. We have new FBI agents? :D
Alan: I had a job interview at event agency.
Rob: How did it go?
Alan: Not sure yet, but I have a good feeling :)
Summary: Rob saw Alan downtown. Alan had an interview for a job at some event agency and has a good feeling about it.
Dialogue: Rachel: Hi, how's the piece going?
Zoe: Slowly, and I'm panicking it won't be ready for the show! I just can't gt the sky right, it's really frustrating.
Rachel: Calm down, love, isn't only a village art show, not the Tate!
Zoe: I know, but it's my first exhibition. Will you take a quick look at it, see what you think?
Rachel: Course I will, send it over.
Zoe: There you go <file_photo> Be kind!
Rachel: Well, the sky is a bit too blue, I'd add a few stripes of black, orange, green, break it up a bit. The people are far too small too, enlarge them a bit. Give them strong expressions, mouths a bit bigger, that kind of thing. 
Zoe: OK, if you think so. How many times have you won it now? I don't stand a chance!
Rachel: 5 years running, actually. Don't be a defeatist, make a few changes and I'm sure you'll do well. Good luck!
Zoe: Thanks, you're so kind! See you Saturday!
Summary: Zoe is preparing a picture for an art show. She is not very happy with her job and she is not sure she's going to get it right.
Dialogue: Jeff: How was your Christmas?
Miranda: not bad, I've relaxed
Maria: me too, a lot of ridiculous presents, but fun :P
Tony: hahaha, same here, like what?
Maria: quite a few useless things, some socks, a few pairs of slippers and a pyjama in pink Moomintrolls 
Tony: hahaha, I always get very ugly pyjamas that I never use
Maria: I know, they behave as I was 10-years-old
Miranda: I get surprisingly good presents every year
Maria: which is?
Miranda: money :P cash
Tony: hahaha, really?
Miranda: yes, which is in fact probably the most childish thing
Tony: maybe it is, would be a bit strange to get money from my parents 
Maria: yes, I rather give money to them
Miranda: yes, but my parents are quite rich honestly
Summary: Maria got socks, slippers, and pink Moomin pyjamas for Christmas. Miranda received money from her wealthy parents. Tony finds getting money from parents odd. 
Dialogue: Larry: Good morning, Miss Smith! Do we have regular classes tomorrow, or have they been cancelled sue to the heavy snow?
Miss Smith: Good morning, Miss Smith. Have a nice day.
Larry: Thank you very much, Miss Smith. 
Summary: Larry wants to know if classes are cancelled tomorrow.
Dialogue: Xavier: hi! :) are you busy right now?
Charlie: hey! :) i'm free, what's up?
Xavier: could you please do some shopping for me? i've had an accident, nothing serious, but i can't use my left hand for the next week
Xavier: i'll pay you back, of course
Charlie: sure, what do you want me to buy?
Charlie: what's happened?
Xavier: yesterday i slashed my wrist by accident and i had to be stitched up
Charlie: wait, you tried to commit suicide??
Charlie: man
Xavier: no no no
Xavier: it was an accident, i tried to catch a falling teapot
Xavier: it was made of thin glass and it broke in my hands
Xavier: a piece of glass went into my wrist
Xavier: i'm not suicidal or anything
Charlie: ok, man, you scared the shit out of me
Charlie: so what do you need?
Xavier: two breads, some veggies, fruit and so on
Xavier: generally a week's food supply
Xavier: oh, and a few rolls of toilet paper
Charlie: OK anything else?
Xavier: no, thanks a lot! :)
Charlie: i'll be at your place in about an hour
Charlie: i'll leave you food, do your dishes and cook something for you
Xavier: YOU'RE THE BEST FRIEND EVER
Charlie: it's not a big deal, i know you'd do the same for me ;)
Summary: Xavier had an accident - a falling teapot slashed his wrist and it had to be stitched up. He can't use his left hand for the next week. Charlie will buy a week's food supply and some toilet paper for Xavier and will help him with the housework. Charlie will be at Xavier's in about an hour. 
Dialogue: Paul: feeling better today?
Adele: not really
Adele: my stomach still aches
Paul: poor you.. :(
Adele: yeah, i have fever too
Adele: and my throat is sore
Paul: maybe go to the doctor?
Adele: i was today
Paul: and?
Adele: nothing, i have to stay in bed for a week and drink hot tea
Paul: no antibiotics?
Adele: i'm not a fan of them so i refused
Paul: why? sometimes it's the only solution!
Adele: so what?
Summary: Adele is sick. She went to the doctor but she refuses to take antibiotics.
Dialogue: Sean: Anybody wants to have a coffee with me in the city centre?
Josh: hmm, city centre of what city?
Sean: Bologna of course
Josh: hmm, why of course? :P
Sean: you all live in Bologna right now, don't you
Josh: I've moved to Brussels
Sean: I didn't know!
Josh: I got a new job, I'm quite happy
Sean: so I'm happy too! so no coffee with you today:(
Amanda: but I'm still in Bologna, what are you doing here?
Jean: but you're invited to Belgium!
Sean: I'm flying from Bologna to Amsterdam
Amanda: is everybody moving to the Benelux?
Sean: ahaha, I'm going there only for 2 days, way to humid for me! 
Sean: At the station at 12.00?
Amanda: perfect for a brunch!
Sean: yup!
Summary: Josh can't have a coffee with Sean in the city centre of Bologna as he's moved to Brussels. Sean's going to Amsterdam for 2 days and Amanda agrees to have a brunch with him at the station at noon.
Dialogue: Sarah: I've just been offered a position in Cork
Tim: Isn't it in Ireland?
Clara: Yes, it is Tim :D
Clara: What kind of job? Anything interesting?
Sarah: It sounds pretty great, but... it's in Cork
Tim: Hahahaha
Sarah: That's not funny, why cool jobs in places where I don't want to live
Clara: But you've never even been to Cork!
Sarah: I googled it and... it's definitely not London
Tim: You don't even want to try?
Sarah: I'm not sure... I need to think about it
Summary: Sarah was offered a job in Cork, Ireland. She has never been there. She lives in London. She will think about it.
Dialogue: Brian: Hi Jeff!
Brian: How are you doing?
Jeff: Hi Brian! I'm very fine, and you?
Brian: I would like to apologize but i will not be able to be today in the meeting or Monday- today I have calls and a doctor appointment on Monday.
Jeff: No problem, thanks so much for letting me know!
Summary: Brian can't go to the meeting with Jeff neither today, nor on Monday.
Dialogue: Maria: I've seen Peter last night, it was quite amazing I must admit 
Gabi: Are you more convinced about him now?
Geri: 😱🙊
Maria: I guess so
Geri: You had sex?
Maria: yes, we had. And it was probably the best, he was so sensitive and caring
Geri: wow, I'd never say!
Maria: Right? He seems so cold and full of himself.
Maria: But he's completely different when we are alone: shy, caring, focus on me
Gabi: for me it sounds a bit boring 🤮
Maria: no, it was anything but boring.
Geri: tell us more!
Maria: He is this perfect combination in bed: sensitive and caring but also a bit tough and dominating. 
Gabi: That sounds way better!
Maria: So you can really feel like his queen 😜
Geri: 👸🏽👸🏽👸🏽
Maria: LOL
Maria: but it's such a relief after Peter. I loved him so much, but we were terrible in bed together
Gabi: I remember, I'm really happy you are over him
Maria: I've tried hard, you know
Geri: you tried so many times, it did't make sense anymore 
Gabi: So focus now on this new amazing king 
Maria: hahaha, I will! 
Summary: Maria and Peter had sex last night. Maria reckons he's sensitive and caring. Gabi and Geri are happy for Maria.
Dialogue: Carol: Send us some baby pics!
Fred: Martha is taking a lot of them.
Martha: Okay, I'll just choose the cutest ones...
Carol: Awwww, he's so cute! He smiles a lot, I see...
Martha: Oh yes, he's such a good boy.
Fred: :)
Carol: Does he let you sleep at night?
Fred: Well, not really, he wakes up every 3 hours...
Martha: Oh, come on! It's not you who feeds him! 
Carol: Haha, I see!
Fred: Yeah, it's not be, but you always ask me to change the diapers!
Martha: Anyways, yes, the baby is sweet! ;)
Carol: Are you free this weekend? I'd like to meet the little man.
Fred: Sure, why don't you come for a lunch on Saturday?
Martha: That'd be great!
Carol: Sure! 2 pm is OK for you, guys?
Martha: Perfect! 
Summary: Martha feeds her baby every 3 hours. Fred always changes baby's diapers. Carol wants to meet their baby so will come for lunch 2 pm on Saturday. 
Dialogue: Peter: I want to buy a pink shirt
Jacob: Which shade of pink?
Sam: You would look great in a washed off shade
Sam: It would go well with your complexion
Peter: I was thinking about dusty rose
Peter: <photo_file>
Peter: Something like that
Jacob: Nice
Sam: Good choice
Summary: Peter wants to buy a pink shirt. Jacob and Sam help him to choose one.
Dialogue: Wiktor: We're going to the swimming pool tomorrow - then sauna and dumpling restaurant, wanna join?
Kacper: You could write all the details right away - when and what time. I was planning to clean our apartment, but your plan sounds better than cleaning :D
Wiktor: 12:30 in swimming pool nearby our bus stop. After that dumplings. Take the slippers and two towels per person (sauna's requirement). And why you're not in bed yet:D?
Kacper: Eh, it sounds tempting, but house won't clean itself 
Wiktor: Oh, that's a pity :(. Maybe next time then, dumplings will wait. Enjoy your cleaning!
Kacper: Thanks, maybe you'd like to help :)
Kacper: Hello?
Kacper: That was a joke!
Wiktor: I know :D
Summary: Wiktor invites Kacper to join them tomorrow, when they go to the swimming pool, sauna and a dumpling restaurant afterwards. Kacper feels tempted but decides to clean their apartment, as planned.
Dialogue: Jesse: Gr8! Now, everyone, grab a calculator, computer and check the costs of all items and we'll try to divide them more or less equally.
Melvin: Done. I estimate around 350 bucks.
Lee: Counted 340, so more or less the same.
Maxine: How did you get that? I counted 250.
Jesse: Did u count everything in?
Maxine: Oh, sry, forgot about the last item. 
Maxine: Yup. 340.
Melvin: Great. So that's roughly 88 bucks per head. 
Lee: W8! How do we do this? One person buys the stuff and then we send it together or do we buy the stuff separately?
Maxine: Y do u think we calculated the total cost?
Lee: Oh, right. My bad. 
Jesse: So who wants to do the honours?
Melvin: I can. I'll order all the things and bt someone has to pack them ;)
Maxine: Lee and I will do it :)
Lee: Thanks 4 asking, Max, but sure :)
Jesse: Gr8! I'll take the package to the point and will call them at once that we've chosen a list and are organising ourselves. 
Melvin: Thanks, Jess, made my day :)
Jesse: Ur welcome :)
Summary: Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine are splitting costs that will be around 350 dollars. Maxine and Lee will pack up all things that Melvin will buy.
Dialogue: Caden: are you still in the supermarket?
Muhammad: yes why
Caden: can you buy me a bunch of grapes? i'll pay you back
Muhammad: sure, do you want anything else?
Caden: no, thanks! :>
Summary: Muhammad will buy Caden a bunch of grapes at the supermarket. 
Dialogue: Abigail: Do you want to watch "Shooting Dogs"?
Sarah: I'd rather see something else, I've alredy seen it.
Sarah: But you should definitely see it, it's a great (but very sad) movie.
Abigail: It's about a genocide in Rwanda, isn't it?
Sarah: Yes, it is. It's presented from the perspective of two white people: a priest, who has spent the majority of his life in Rwanda, and a idealistic young teacher.
Abigail: Hmm, maybe I'll see it. Anyway, we need to choose a movie for tonight. Any ideas?
Sarah: How about "Great Expectations"? I've seen this film hundreds of times, but I absolutely love it!
Abigail: I know you've seen it hundreds of times, because we've done it together. :D
Abigail: I think I'm in the mood for a slavic cinema...
Sarah: Kusturica? Wajda? Eisenstein?
Abigail: How about a movie directed by Tarkovsky?
Sarah: "Andriej Rublov"?
Abigail: YESSS!! :) 
Sarah: We're watching "Andriej Rublov" then. :) Can I bring some nachos or you're still on a diet? 
Abigail: You can bring whatever you want, I gave up. :p
Summary: Abigail and Sarah are watching "Andriej Rublov" tonight. 
Dialogue: Anthony: u my heart u my sooul ❤️
Jane: u my silly bowl (of happiness)
Anthony: nice 😉
Anthony: see you tomo my love 😘
Jane: seeya 😘😘
Summary: Anthony and Jane are going to meet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Alan: congrats for your pay rise!
Kate: ???
Alan: your horoscope said you'll be lucky with money...
Kate: i'm afraid my boss won't put up my salary, but i can go and  buy a lottery ticket. lol
Alan: good luck, see you tonight. 
Summary: Kate's horoscope suggests she will be lucky with money, but Kate is afraid her boss won't give her a raise.
Dialogue: Hunter: Wanna have a pint?
Evan: now?
Nicholas: always!
Evan: hahaha
Hunter: no, after work
Nicholas: why not now?
Nicholas: I'm disappointed
Evan: :LOL
Hunter: I'm free at 7
Evan: 7 is good, we can go directly from the office
Nicholas: I won't be free till 8
Nicholas: if you wait for me it would be nice
Evan: just join us whenever you're free
Evan: doesn't make much sense to wait
Nicholas: ok, right
Summary: Hunter and Evan will meet at 7 for a beer. Nicholas will join them at 8.
Dialogue: Abigail: There?
Danial: Yea
Abigail: Do you have any brands that you are really loyal to?
Danial: Engine, Red Tree, Lewis, Gucci :/
Abigail: ty
Danial: you going to shopping alone
Abigail: With family
Danial: Bring wallet for me I would pay
Abigail: What type of it should me?
Danial: Bring small one in brown
Abigail: Ok
Danial: Will give it to you tomorrow 
Abigail: Sure
Summary: Danial is loyal to the following brands: Engine, Red Tree, Lewis, Gucci. Abigail is going shopping with family. Danial wants her to buy a small wallet in brown for him.
Dialogue: Nadine: <file_photo>
Nadine: Shar Peis
Donna: I nearly got one of those. A family across my road have 2 of them.  Lovely dogs
Donna: <file_photo>
Donna: That my Treacle. Had Stafford’s for years, she’s 1 years old. Good your a dog person 🐾
Nadine: Love them my babies xx lol
Donna: Can’t beat dogs, their ace. Better than humans 🐶
Nadine: Too true I've just adopted the fat one lol and yesterday they were playing and knocked over my kilts..  Molly decided to have a good sniff now her nose is yellow
Nadine: <file_photo>
Nadine: Now I can't get her clean lol
Nadine: Lilys I meant lol
Donna: The fat one lol 🤣 I thought kilts? Must be a local custom thing
Nadine: Lol.. no just Morris dancing
Donna: Can’t beat a bit of that. Could be worse, you could live in Nottingham!!One day hope to move back to Cornwall
Nadine: Really I was in Tintagel for 4 years I loved it
Summary: Nadine owns two Shar peis. Donna owns a Staffordshire Bull Terrier. Lately, one of Nadine's dog got it's nose dirty while playing and knocked over kilts Nadine uses for Morris dancing. Nadine used to live in Tintagel for 4 years and enjoyed it.
Dialogue: Violet: FWIW, I'm not going tonight.
Louie: Whatevs. You do you.
Violet: She pissed me off so no way am I going.
Louie: Fine! Have it your way!
Summary: Violet is very upset so she is not going out tonight.
Dialogue: Mel: Did you take my jacket?
John: Yeah you left in on the chair, sorry forgot to tell you
John: I'll bring it in tomorrow ok?
Mel: Brilliant, thanks!
Summary: John left Mel's jacket on the chair, he'll bring it tomorrow.
Dialogue: Tom: Hi! I've seen in the news what's happening down there
Tom: are you safe?
Andrea: yes, I think it's more or less under control
Tom: I've seen some videos
Tom: quite spectacular
Lorenzo: sure, Etna is spectacular
Andrea: and powerful
Tom: have you felt the earthquake?
Andrea: sure, I think everybody felt it
Tom: and no damages
Andrea: sure, there are
Andrea: some cracks in walls in our house
Lorenzo: in mine as well unfortunately 
Tom: is it safe to stay there?
Lorenzo: we hope so, but there are some officials controlling the situation
Lorenzo: they closed a few old churches
Tom: ok, I hope everything will be fine
Tom: and no tsunami :P
Lorenzo: I hope not, like in Indonesia
Tom: yeah, all volcanos active all of a sudden
Summary: There appeared some cracks in walls of both Andrea and Lorenzo's houses due to the earthquake caused by Etna. The officials've closed a few old churches but Lorenzo hopes it's safe to stay there.
Dialogue: Sarah: we're starting at 6pm or 7pm today?
Zoe: i think it's 7?
George: yeah, we decided 7pm last week
George: i think Daniel has some more work today
Daniel: yep, 7pm is the earliest I can make it, will probably be a bit late though... :/
Sarah: okay, 7pm it is
Jake: I think I'll come earlier anyway, so if you have more time we can maybe jam a bit?
Zoe: why not actually
Zoe: the room is free anyway
Jake: Great! Anyone else joining me and Zoe?
George: i could come, yeah
George: got some new ideas actually, i was gonna show you today anyway
Jake: <3 Sarah?
Sarah: ooooh i'm not sure, gotta deal with some stuff today
Sarah: i'll come as soon as possible, but can't promise you guys i'll be there much before 7
George: that's fine!
Zoe: come come
Zoe: what do you want to show us George?
George: you'll see! some cool new riffs (i hope)
Zoe: :)
Jake: Ok, awesome! :D We don't need Daniel for this anyway :>
George: yep
Daniel: :(
Jake: :*
Summary: Sarah, Zoe, George, Daniel and Jake will meet at 7 pm to play some music together. George has some new ideas, which he will show the other people. 
Dialogue: John: warn the children not to come without their jackets, it might rain
John: infact it will rain very soon
Linda: ok
Summary: It's going to rain so Linda must make sure the children wear their jackets.
Dialogue: Joy: did u take days off before Xmas?
Marylin: not yet
Joy: please do it! asap!
Marylin: why the hurry?
Joy: I wanna be sure that u come
Marylin: ok, I'll do it 1st thing tomo
Joy: thanks sis :*
Summary: Marylin has not taken days off before Christmas yet. Joy urges her to do it quickly. Marilyn will do it tomorrow.
Dialogue: Sara: Hi dear, I'm going shopping and was wondering what I should make for dinner.
Ana: Hm, good question.
Sara: Is Daniel allergic to anything?
Ana: Allergic no, but lactose intolerant.
Sara: That definitely doesn't make it easier.
Ana: If it's a problem, don't worry about it. He can take his medication and should be fine.
Sara: No, no, no, I'll figure something out :)
Ana: But really, Sara, Daniel's absolutely fine, don't go out of your way just for us.
Sara: Nonsense. I was thinking about making many varied dishes than just one. What cuisine do you like?
Ana: I'm not a picky eater and Daniel's quite adventurous, so we're easy, except for Daniel's intolerance.
Sara: Ok, fusion it is then :)
Ana: Do you need me to bring anything?
Sara: Hm, maybe something sweet, if you don't mind?
Ana: No problem at all!
Sara: Perfect, I'm awful at baking, so I'd appreciate your help with that.
Summary: Sara is looking for dinner ideas that would take Daniel's lactose intolerance into consideration. Ana will bring dessert at her request.
Dialogue: Jade: Have you heard about the sex tape thats going around??
Beatrice: Wuut? What sex tape???
Jade: Some girl and guy filmed it on a roof of a building while they were doing it.
Beatrice: Oh I bet I know who it is...
Jade: Yep.. xD it can only be her ahahha but this is going to end bad for her.
Beatrice: Let's see how it ends up..
Summary: A sex tape was filmed on the roof of a building.
Dialogue: Bryce: Do you still take alcohol
Bonny: Yeah...
Bryce: I have two bottles of whisky. You want one?
Bonny: Sure. Let me come and take it
Summary: Bonny will take one bottle of whisky from Bryce.
