Dialogue: Gina: Happy birthday Eva! Xxx
Helen: Hope u have a magical day!
Sarah: Lots of love!!!
Eva: Thanks guys!
Kevin: What’re u up to? Love you!
Eva: Seeing old friends and being big kids at Alton Towers! :)))
Kevin: go girl!
Sarah: sounds fun! Have a great bday!
Eva: Can’t believe i’m so old! ;) Thank u all!!!
Summary: Eva is spending her birthday at Alton Towers with her friends. 
Dialogue: Maddie: Hi man, you feeling groovy?
Gabriel: Far out, sister! Enough with the hippie talk!
Maddie: Going down the club this weekend, Tolpuddle 5 are playing, blast from the past!
Gabriel: Oh yeah, Nina saw a poster in the library. We're going, how about you and Tash?
Maddie: Course, first saw them in Uni, 75 ish, remember? We were love's young dream back then!
Gabriel: Would I ever forget that! We'll bore Tash and Nina silly again with our reminiscing. See you 2ish in the bar!
Summary: Maddie, Gabriel, Nina and Tash are going to the club this weekend. Tolpuddle 5 are playing during the event.
Dialogue: Farah: RIA! there is a funfair near my house? there are soooooo good rides
Ria: man i dont have money,,,
Farah: why? what happened you were working right?
Ria: they sacked me :(
Farah: i am so sorry why?
Ria: i was always late lol :(
Farah: your happy or upset?
Ria: bothhh i can wake up late but will have to beg mom for moneyyy
Farah: your very funny
Ria: i know right!!!
Summary: Farah wants to go on a funfair with Ria. Ria cannot afford it, she has recently lost her job because of punctuality issues.
Dialogue: Lauren: Hi mum! Can I bring Tim to dinner on Sat?
Beth: You mean Tom?
Lauren: I mean Tim. To cut a long story short I met a new guy!
Beth: Oh?! What happened with Tom then?
Lauren: He broke up with me! It wasn’t working out!
Beth: Oh?! He was such a nice guy..
Lauren: What do you mean Oh?! Just spare me! I need your support!
Beth: Calm down. So where did you meet this new guy?
Lauren: I met him on the train.
Beth: Oh..?
Lauren: you doing this on purpose?!! 
Beth: I’m sorry. So you want to bring him over?
Lauren: He’s a great guy. You gonna like him.
Beth: Ok, then. I see you both on Sat.
Summary: Lauren will bring Tim, her new boyfriend to dinner at her mum's place on Saturday. Tom, her last boyfriend broke up with her. Lauren met Tim on the train. 
Dialogue: DJ Orkia: Hey what time is the event that I have to show up? 
Anny: At 8 pm! 
Anny: Southside College! 
DJ Orkia: OK! 
DJ Orkia: How long am I playing-working? 
Anny: As long as you want xd 
DJ Orkia: K I will be there at 8 with my stuff
Anny: Good see you!
Summary: DJ Orkia will attend the event Southside College at 8pm to play music. 
Dialogue: Olia: Hello guys :) is someone going to the lecture today?
Andrew: I am
Olia: Could you see what about our presentation topic?
Andrew: I booked it already, Coca-Cola's acquisition of Costa Coffee
Andrew: And also, next week will be revision. In two exam :(
Agnieszka: Ehhhh, you bring good and bad news :p
Andrew: What can I do, such is life :)
Olia: But great news with the reserved presentation, thanks!
Summary: Andrew is going to the lecture today. Olia, Andrew and Agnieszka will take an exam in two weeks.
Dialogue: Isaac: are you free this Friday?
Wendy: No, I have lectures ...
Isaac: I wanted to take a day off ...
Wendy: well, go ahead but I won't be able to join you 
Isaac: what time do you finish?
Wendy: 2pm 
Isaac: ok, I can meet you then, how about we go to Ikea?
Wendy: great idea! we can eat something there
Isaac: and buy pillows 
Wendy: yes! :)
Summary: Isaac and Wendy will go to Ikea on Friday after 2 pm to buy pillows and eat something.
Dialogue: Emily: Heeeey, how was it????
Angie: not bad
Emily: That's it???
Angie: well... he picked me up from the bus station
Angie: we went to grab sth to eat
Angie: we talked
Angie: like a lot
Emily: I don't like where this is going...
Angie: turned out he has a wife and 2 kids
Emily: Whaaaaaat? Why didn't he tell you?
Angie: "cuz it's complicated" as he told me
Angie: and I told him this is the last time we meet and I never wanna see him ever again
Emily: I'm so sorry, sweetheart...
Angie: better late than never heh
Summary: Emily went for a date. It turned out he already had a family. Emily never wants to see him again but is relieved that he told her.
Dialogue: Anya: What time should I order the Sushi?
June: It always takes a little while for it to be delivered so maybe 19:00 PM?
Anya: Yeah that seems like a good time. What should I order?
June: I could go for some california tempura and salmon rolls 🤤 
Anya: I want those too, and some chao-chao rice aswell.
June: Okii. Sounds good.
Anya: What time are you arriving home?
June: Around 19:30 PM. Just have to finish grading a few exams.
Anya: Alright, keep on the good work. Love you.
June: Thanks babe, love u too.
Summary: Anya will order some two portions of California tempura and salmon rolls and some chao-chao rice for 19:00. June will arrive home at 19:30.
Dialogue: Gigi: Hello, maybe this project will fit you? <file_photo> if yes, send a portrait and a full length photo, no glasses, no hats etc
Matt: as who? Title role? haha <file_photo> <file_photo> X-D
Gigi: its just the title of the movie X-D
Matt: I figured :)
Gigi: you know what? i will forward the contact data, they want the measurements too <file_photo>
Summary: Matt sends Gigi his pictures as a response to her offer to work on a movie set. Gigi will pass the contact details of the project coordinator to him.
Dialogue: Charlotte: Guys, let's talk some details about Yuri's slumber party
Alan: Sure, what's up?
Charlotte: when should we come? when should I pick Nana up?
Sakura: The party starts at 6 p.m. and kids will eat breakfast at 9 a.m.
Alan: what does she usually eat for breakfast?
Charlotte: ok so I'll pick her up at 10 a.m. 
Charlotte: she loves French toasts and peanut butter sandwiches
Sakura: any allergies?
Charlotte: nope
Alan: great, see you soon!
Sakura: ok
Charlotte: bye!
Summary: Charlotte will pick Nana up at 10 a.m. Nana loves French toasts and peanut butter sandwiches for breakfast. 
Dialogue: Troy: Anyone listened to Troye Sivan's new song? 
Ash: Which one? 
Troy: Cigarettes and strawberries
Ashley: You mean Strawberries and Cigarettes
Troy: Same thing
Ashley: Ye I like it
Ash: I don't like Troye Sivan xd
Troy: He's music is okay
Troy: I wouldn't say hes gonna be ever on top 
Troy: Too hipster type 
Ash: Ye that's why I just don't like his music xd
Ashley: He had better songs tho 
Troy: True 
Summary: Ashley and Troy like Troye Sivan's new song Strawberries and Cigarettes. Ash doesn't like his music. Troy thinks that Troye Sivan won't ever be on top as he's too hipster.
Dialogue: Sulwyn: Thanks for contacting me
Summer: It should be me who should say that
Sulwyn: Now that we are at the same study group let's study hard together
Summer: Yes! Let's pass the exam together this year!!
Summary: Sulwyn and Summer are in the same study group.
Dialogue: June: Mom can you get some juice
Haille: Sure 
Haille: apple? orange?
June: Apple 
June: thnx
Summary: Haille will bring apple juice on June's request. 
Dialogue: Francis: Hope ur mum feels better now? 
Denise: Yeah, she does. Thanks.
Francis: She out yet? 
Denise: No. Still in hospital.
Francis: Shame. When will she be out? 
Denise: IDK. Going there now. 
Francis: What do the doctors say? 
Denise: It's looking good, but probably another visit necessary.
Francis: Sorry to hear that.
Denise: Nah. Not so bad. She'll get some treatment and that's it. 
Francis: That's good. Hang in there! 
Denise: Thanks. TTYL.
Summary: Denise's mom is still in the hospital, but she feels better now. She will get some treatment and she will be released.
Dialogue: Jonathan: hey 
Jonathan: u going to Josh?
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Julie: still undecided
Julie: <file_gif>
Chloe: guess so 
Keith: don't think so
Keith: you?
Jonathan: uhm... still don't know
Jonathan: i'll go if there's someone i can talk to :D
Julie: yeah exactly why i'm hesitating
Julie: xD
Chloe: so now there will be the 3 of us :D
Keith: hmm in that case maybe i'll go too...
Jonathan: ok then see u tonight
Julie: ok:D
Keith: yeah ok xD
Chloe: ok see you there
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Summary: Jonathan, Julie, Chloe and Keith are going to Josh tonight.
Dialogue: Jerry: Can someone lent me a bike?
Jerry: My cousin is coming for the weekend, I'd like to go for a bike trip around the town.
Amanda: You can borrow mine, I don't need it during the weekend.
Charlotte: I have a spare one that I don't use.
Jerry: Thanks girls!
Charlotte: You may need to pump the tires though
Charlotte: I haven't used it in a while
Jerry: Maybe I'll take Amanda's bike ;-)
Summary: Jerry wants to borrow a bicycle for a weekend for his cousin. Charlotte and Amanda offer their bikes. Jerry will take Amanda's.
Dialogue: Amy: can I dropp by after work?
Mom: sure, sweetie, something happened?
Amy: no, just wanna see you:)
Mom: ok, I'll bake your favorite cake
Amy: can't wait!
Summary: After work Amy will visit Mom, who will bake her favorite cake.
Dialogue: Jayden: <file_video>
Cass: Woahaha
Annie: all muddy eh! 
Summary: Jayden shares the video that excites Cass and Annie.
Dialogue: Jack: Hey, are you able to contact with Jacob? I've been waiting at the airport for over 30 mins and his internet is off....
Isla: Hey. No I’m in France so I can’t call him on his cell
Jack: He said he would be at 6:30
Isla: Ok. I guess he’s just late don’t worry
Jack: But he didn't tell me anything..
Isla: Well that’s typical Jacob
Jack: Eh. I was already looking for a hotel lol
Isla: Lol noo he would never do that
Jack: No idea 😂
Isla: So he answered ?
Jack: Yeah...He is 1h late
Isla: Lol that’s my cousin. Once he kept me waiting for 5 hours
Jack: I would definitely kill him hahhaha
Summary: Jack is unable to reach Jacob, who was supposed to pick him up at the airport. Isla is also unable to contact him as she's in France. Jacob finally contacts Jack. Jacob is an hour late.
Dialogue: Troye: yo, who's showing up tonight
Farah: me ^^
Troye: and btw, it's a BOB situation :)
Dinah: who wants to split for a bottle of white wine with me?
Robert: what the fuck mate
Giselle: @Dinah I do!
Giselle: ahahahahahha omg
Robert: omg I just got it. i'm such a dumbass
Farah: lol my first thought - BOB from Twin Peaks
Troye: same here ahahahah 
Peter: @Robert he meant "bring your own booze" xD
Farah: no shit, sherlock
Robert: yeaaah I know, just thought at first you guys were like "it's a bob situation, we're gonna get fuckin wasted"
Troye: so I guess you're coming to bob this party hard? xD
Robert: absolutely, my man
Dinah: ahahah we gon bob your place Troye
Summary: By BOB Troye meant Bring Own Booze, not Robert.
