Dialogue: Kylie: when is the lecture starting? and which classroom?
Olivia: 2:30 PM and it's in the biggest one, 211 I think
Kylie: great, see you there?
Olivia: yeah, see you :)
Summary: Kylie's and Olivia's lecture starts at 2:30 PM in room 211.
Dialogue: Lin: horrible weather :(
Lin: so cold and dark
Kim: Yeah, winter is coming
Kim: We'd all better get used to it
Shane: I hate winter
Shane: I could sleep all of it
Shane: From october until April
Lin: You're right, winter lasts 6 months most years!
Kim: right
Shane: What can we do about it?
Lin: nothing, Im afraid...
Summary: Lin, Kim and Shane aren't happy about the coming winter.
Dialogue: Noah: Hey! Are you free on Friday evening? :)
Patricia: Hi! Yes, I am, why? :)
Noah: I was thinking that maybe we could grab a drink?
Patricia: I'd love that - thought you'll never ask ;)
Noah: Hahahaha, why is that? I had fun last time.
Patricia: Me too, but you haven't said a word since...
Noah: I know, I'm so sorry for that! Been really busy at work, had to fix some issues.
Patricia: I get it, don't stress :) Have any place in mind?
Noah: Actually yes. My friends' just opened a tapas bar, so they're organising an opening night - might be cool.
Patricia: Wow impressive! Sure I'd love to go!
Noah: So... May I pick you up at 7? :)
Patricia: Great, see you at 7! <3
Summary: Noah will pick up Patricia at 7 on Friday and they'll go to a tapas bar opened by his friends as they're organising an opening night. Noah and Patricia can grab a drink as they had fun together last time. 
Dialogue: Steve: Hi guys. I Will just go get breakfast. Wanna join?
Nick: We’d like to shower first, we'll join you later
Steve: Ok, I'll leave the key in the laundry room
Nick: Hey Steve, you locked our key in the laundry room so we can't get in
Steve: Fuck, I forgot! So sorry
Nick: Where are you?
Steve: In the bakery, but I'll come back, no problem
Nick: Chill, finish your food ;) We'll grab it
Steve: Ok, I'm sitting outside
Nick: Ok be right there
Steve: Sorry again! I guess I was tired haha
Nick: I know bro
Steve: <file_gif>
Summary: Steve went out for breakfast and locked Nick's key in the laundry room. Nick will join him outside the bakery.
Dialogue: Nikolas: I remember going around Lisbon with you. It was a fun time. Aside from being good company, you were pleasant to look at, I must admit. 😶
Celeste: It was nice to meet you :D And all was random lol
Nikolas: Haha it was pretty random. But a good time. 😁😁
Celeste: Yep
Nikolas: Just me being a curious boy, here. 🙂
Celeste: Go to my fb lol
Nikolas: I'm sure its lovely...but not as exciting a getting something from you. 🔥👀 Haha
Celeste: Should I get a screenshot of my photo on fb and send it? Lol if it makes you happy lol
Nikolas: Hahaha how cruel!! 😂 Poor boy. It would make laugh! Making me happy is a different thing.. 😋 Lol
Celeste: 😂
Nikolas: Poor boy. Cruel girl. 😂
Celeste: Just not phone selfie person that's all
Nikolas: I get it. :) Maybe one day I'll get lucky.
Celeste: Maybe
Nikolas: Life can't be too bad if there is hope. A pretty girl and a little hope goes a long way :)
Celeste: 😉😉😉 Is someone here flirting with me? Lol 🙈😄😄
Nikolas: Who??!🤔🤔
Celeste: I'm not sure that's why I'm asking lol
Nikolas: Someone may be...potentially...possibly...I mean...it could be happening...
Celeste: 😂 And what would be the reason for that lol?
Nikolas: It could be plain simple love of fun. Possibly pure attraction. Just brainstorming here
Celeste: After such a long time? Lol suddenly 😂
Nikolas: It might not be so new.
Summary: Nikolas wants Celeste to send him a picture of her but she is resistant. He is trying to flirt.
Dialogue: Jacob: <file_other> did you see this?
Jed: yup
Jed: that's a good team all right
Jacob: but they could buy a central defender amirite
Jacob: though it's maybe not that necessary
Jed: it totally is, our defenders are shite
Jacob: can't argue with that mate
Jacob: btw
Jacob: you can play diablo iii on the switch?
Jacob: :O
Jacob: ?
Jed: you can
Jed: but I haven't tried it yet
Jacob: :O:O:O:O:O
Jacob: we should play fifa together on ps4
Jacob: u free tomorrow?
Jed: sure, I'll be home around 7
Jacob: cool, let me know then
Jacob: cya
Summary: The team needs a central defender to reinforce the defense line. You can play Diablo III on the Switch. Jacob and Jed will play Fifa on PS4 tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Ashley: <file_photo>
Ashley: a new member of our family :D
Annette: oh my god *.*
Christine: oh my, it's beautiful!!!!! when did you get it?
Ashley: yesterday, we finally went to this city I was telling you about
Ashley: and my mom didn't want to take him until he jumped on her knees xD
Christine: it's a he? how did you name him?
Ashley: Mr. Fluff ^^
Annette: how cute!!! when will we see him? B-)
Ashley: even tomorrow :D
Christine: can't wait!!!!
Summary: Ashley and mom got Mr. Fluff yesterday. Christine will be able to see him tomorrow.
Dialogue: Andrew: So France and Belgium have some problems...
Andrew: <file_other>
Ryan: I've seen the news
Ryan: Horrible
Ryan: But they still publicly state that they're concerned about Poland
Andrew: Fucking hypocrites
Ryan: I agree. That's taken hypocrisy to the whole new level.
Summary: France and Belgium have problems. For Andrew and Ryan they're hypocrites for criticizing Poland.
Dialogue: Hannah: Guys, I’ve been thinking.
Frank: Now that’s something new :D
Hannah: Ha ha very funny. So I’ve been thinking about the New Year’s Eve. Let’s go somewhere!
Ryan: Me like it
Frank: You have anything specific in mind? We were planning on spending it in our PJs :)
Hannah: How about PJs + marshmallow hot chocolate + board games?
Ryan: Boooring! Vodka anyone?
Irene: I love it! The PJ chocolate part, no vodka for me this time.
Ryan: U pregnant or sth? Oh come on guys! How about a traditional drinking party?
Frank: That’s what we do literally every weekend, buddy :D Let’s try something new!
Ryan: Ok, so let’s paint each other’s nails too, Frankie.
Frank: hahaahhahahaahahahhahahah
Hannah: Ryan, delivering terrible jokes since 1992.
Irene: I’m crying :D :D :D
Ryan: OK, I’ll approve under one condition.
Hannah: Shoot
Ryan: Marshmallows are stuffed with pot :D
Summary: Hannah wants to go somewhere with her friends for the New Year’s Eve. Ryan wants a traditional drinking party. Frank wants something new.
Dialogue: Julia: babe, are we doing something on valentine's day?
Benjamin: do you want to?
Julia: do you?
Benjamin: i asked first :)
Julia: so? :p
Benjamin: ehh... we can go on a date
Julia: you don't sound very enthusiastic
Benjamin: i just don't like valentine's day, everything about it is so, idk, kitschy
Julia: we don't have do anything if you don't want to, i just thought that it would be nice to spend some time together
Benjamin: Jules, i'd love to go on a date with you, i didn't mean that that way :*
Benjamin: Jules?
Julia: ok
Summary: Julia wants to go on a date on Valentine's Day but Benjamin finds the holiday tacky.
Dialogue: Royden: Howdy, trust you are well. May I pose a question of Polish taxi etiquette?
Ed: Hi! Yeah, absolutely. Although I wouldn't say it differs much from the international one.
Royden: Ah, perhaps. 
Royden: In SA we have a tipping culture.  
Royden: So, in Poland one just pays the fare, no tip?
Ed: Feel free to give the driver the tip, of course it will make no harm. About 10% is enough, I believe.
Royden: Cool, thanks.
Royden: See you on Friday?  Are you going?
Ed: Yes, definitely! I'm really looking forward to meeting you in person!
Royden: Oh dear :-)
Royden: It will be great to put faces to typing :-)
Ed: Exactly! :)
Ed: Should you have any questions before the trip, just let us no. But no worries, it's a civilised country. We have electricity, running water and even the Internet connection ;) 
Royden: Truly, I know. I have a great deal of respect for Poland.  
Royden: I was young when Poles decided to change things, despite what others thought - certain famous shipyards and workers etc.
Royden: Actually, your internet seems spotty today, as you appear to be typing for ages :-)
Royden: Must be off - cheers for now
Ed: Take care and see you soon!
Summary: Royden is asking Ed for tips before he visits Poland and they meet in person on Friday. Ed finds a 10% tip suitable for taxi drivers in Poland.
Dialogue: Jim: Hey, how do you move the screen to the left or right side?
George: You have to hold down the start key and then press either the right or left arrow.
Jim: Ok, great thanks. I have to compare 2 screens and I wasn't sure how to do it.
George: No problem.
Summary: Thanks to George, Jim knows now how to move the screen left or right.
Dialogue: Jorge: Should we apply for the funding?
Nancy: I'm not sure
Hilary: why?
Nancy: we don't meet all the requirements
Hilary: I think we do
Nancy: We should be US citizens, point 6.7
Hilary: oh no, I didn't notice it
Bill: pity
Summary: Jorge, Nancy and Hilary are not US citizens, so they can't apply for the funding. 
Dialogue: Juliette: Sup?
Phillip: Going to bed have a fucking long flight tomorrow
Juliette: How long? And to where?
Phillip: 4 hours there and 4 back
Juliette: Yeah that's long
Phillip: Going to Some place in the south west of Central Afrique république. Fucking long
Juliette: ;) Take me with u on this journey ;)
Phillip: What good will you be to me ?
Juliette: Very good
Phillip: Can you describe that?
Juliette: What?
Phillip: Explain
Juliette: I will make ur flight nicer. I will be talking to you all the flight long hahhaha
Phillip: Haha I have a co-pilot to talk to
Juliette: lol ok so I'm not needed lol
Summary: Phillip has a long flight to Central Afrique République tomorrow. Juliete wants to go with him, but he has a co-pilot to talk to.
Dialogue: Marion: Sonny, I can't find you, neither my suitcase. Do you have it? I'm panicked 
Sonny: I've gone through the security already. Maybe you left it at the bar?
Marion: ufff. yes, it was there. Wait for me
Sonny: I'm always waiting for you
Summary: Marion left her suitcase at the bar. Sonny has gone through the security already. Sonny will wait for Marion as always.
Dialogue: Sara: Thanks to the collaborative efforts of the whole tribe, Thanksgiving was an absolute success!!! I’m so thankful to have gotten to celebrate with such an amazing group of people. Thank you all!!!!
Ken: Thank you all for this beautiful collaborative barbaric coma inducing experience. You popped my ;) - now that the feasting is over who is in for some intermittent fasting?
Alex: I’m thankful for being part of such an amazing tribe :)
Anna: you guys are all beautiful humans, thanks for the meal tonight! felt so at home <3 In case anyone feels like cooking some more, here are some thanksgiving leftover recipes I’ve rounded up I thought I’d drop in here! <file_link>
Ken: If anyone is missing dishes or has some from the other houses please put them aside and bring back/ take back when possible. The camp is a little easier but especially for cornerhouse and hotel house please make sure you have everything back.
Kieran: Lets have a chat about Thanksgiving Shopping! I know people have already started adding on to splitwise but lets get a thread going about billing,  We had three guests,  some of us had initially talked about just charging the people with guests an extra share, but I am fine with just covering the cost of them.... My vote is to just throw all T-day grocery charges on splitwise and charging everyone equally
George: I'm ok either way
Kieran: Also, dont include Ashley on the bill, she is not even here
Luke: our guests spent $45 on cheesecake and ice cream so if the totals are close to $20/person then probably not worth the trouble. But happy to do it if people want
Kieran: Seems fair enough to me, I wouldn't worry about it
Isis: About the dishes, all the hotel house people are away this weekend. We can come pick up our stuff on Sunday
Kieran: Also, sound off if you have Leftovers in your fridge to share, in House 2 downstairs, we have some Turkey and a little mac n cheese
Erin: In H1 downstairs we have some dessert, stuffing and cranberry
Ken: House 2 upstairs has got turkey, gravy, mac n cheese
Kate: House 2 upstairs also has some leftover oreos that need eating (please help)
Ken: Or we could have a leftover lunch for everybody? What do you guys think?
Sara: Yeah, that's kind of a tradition ;)
Erin: Good idea, let's make some sides, rice etc. and eat all together!
Ken: Cornerhouse and hotel peeps come over to the camp around 1 pm, BYO dishes
Summary: Sara, Ken, Alex and Anna enjoyed Thanksgiving feast. Kieran proposed to split Thanksgiving grocery expenses and charge everyone equally. They will bring leftovers to the camp at around 1 pm and have a leftover lunch.
Dialogue: Noah: Honey do u know where my iphone is?
Anna: I've no idea...
Noah: Maybe i left it in my office
Summary: Noah can't find his iphone.
Dialogue: Tatiana: Let's talk about the trip 
Yuval: When?
Richard: In the evening?
Tatiana: Ok
Yuval: Ok
Summary: Tatiana, Yuval and Richard will walk about the trip in the evening.
Dialogue: Agnes: i have to stay longer at work
Agnes: im sorry
Sandra: no problem
Summary: Agnes has to stay longer at work.
