Dialogue: Susan: So how was the weekend?
Evelyn: Tiring!
Susan: OMG, u were supposed to rest!
Evelyn: Well... 
Evelyn: You know how it's with Ted and the boys. 
Susan: Yeah, ot's no holiday for you. 
Susan: You should go away on your own from time to time. 
Evelyn: I don't like to spend holidays on my own.
Evelyn: But I could go with you or with Lora. 
Susan: It's a good idea :)
Susan: I'm planning a short holiday in August. 
Susan: What do you do then?
Evelyn: Nothing special. And I stil have some holiday days left. 
Susan: I'll ask Lora.
Susan: Where would you like to go?
Evelyn: Wherever really. Maybe seaside?
Susan: Perferct for me. 
Susan: Okey, I'll talk to Lora and we'll see. 
Susan: We can always go together. 
Summary: Susan and Evelyn want to go on holiday together with Lora in August. Susan will talk to Lora.
Dialogue: Paula: just leaving the hairdresser
Paula: be there in 15 minutes
Rachel: ahh come on Paula, the movie is already starting
Sally: haha told you she will be late
Sally: as usual :D
Paula: sorry :((( you know me... 
Summary: The movie has almost started but Paula is going to be late, as usual.
Dialogue: Mary: Are you home?
Lorenzo: sure, it's 11
Mary: Do you have sugar?
Lorenzo: LOL, I do
Mary: I started baking and realised I don't have sugar
Lorenzo: so come here and take it
Mary: I'll be there in 5 min
Mary: thx!
Summary: Mary started baking and she needs sugar. She will come to Lorenzo in 5 minutes to borrow some.
Dialogue: Kathy: Miss you! Let's set up a time to meet soon ♥️
Aleksandra: Kathy! Yes yes yes! Miss you lots. I'm really busy until the end of the month, but I will call you soon!
Kathy: Yes! Please do!
Aleksandra: ♥️
Summary: Kathy and Aleksandra are going to meet, probably next month.
Dialogue: Alex: omg I just installed instragram and I dont understand a thing about it
Alex: feel like an old man
Miquel: hahaha
Miquel: well you are old my friend
Alex: how do I even get to the private messages?
Miquel: it's the icon above on the right side
Alex: I just got a message that someone mentioned my but I don't know where
Miquel: why do you need instagram anyway?
Alex: don't know, just wanted to try it
Summary: Alex installed instagram and doesn't understand how it works. He couldn't find the private messages section and he has a mention but doesn't know where.
Dialogue: Jen: OMG I can't get this kid out of nappies!
Olivia: what do you mean???
Jen: she just won't go on the potty...!
Olivia: Should she? She's only 2 right?
Jen: I know but she is going to nursery soon and they want her out of nappies...
Olivia: Oh I see...
Jen: how did you get Oliver potty trained?
Olivia: lots of patience and lots of washing!
Olivia: he was ready and asked for underpants
Olivia: so we bought some special ones that he picked and he really wanted to wear them!
Jen: we have got those though! 
Jen: we have been trying for 6 days, she keeps weeing herself and is not bothered by it at all! 
Olivia: rewards? stickers? Ice cream?
Jen: tried it! she's just not having it! :(
Olivia: would she prefer the big toilet over the potty maybe? That's what happened with Charlotte, she didn't like the potty much and went straight on the big loo...
Jen: Oh I hadn't thought of that! That'll be today's mission! 
Olivia: Good luck chick! 
Olivia: Gotta shoot, going to jumpfit!
Jen: Tada! Have fun!
Summary: Jen needs to potty train her daughter as she's going to nursery soon but nothing seems to work. Jen will try to use the toilet instead of the potty as Olivia did with Charlotte.
Dialogue: Lucy:  thanks for the flowers they were lovely
Sue: your welcome sweetheart xx
Lucy: you spoil me ❤
Summary: Sue is spoiling Lucy.
Dialogue: Sophie: cooking session on tuesday
Alice: i'll be there.
Sophie: oops sorry, this tuesday it's serving class
Alice: don't worry, whenever there is a practical session i'm here. I should be at school
Sophie: it's gonna be great to see you again
Alice: ok. let me see
Sophie: Tuesday is definitely the best day of the week
Alice: you say so...
Sophie: i really missed you, you know!
Alice: I'll be happy to see you again, but may be i'll sleep during the serving class
Sophie: that's impossible!
Alice: i'm very good at it
Sophie: you're my sunshine
Alice: you too
Summary: Sophie is giving a service class on Tuesday. Alice will be there.
Dialogue: Sis: come downstairs
Keira: whyyyyyy
Sis: ima tell you something
Keira: argh.. coming
Summary: Keira is going downstairs because Sis wants to tell her something.
Dialogue: Wacky: Hello Mona, just wanted to remind you about the club meeting at 6 pm on Monday.
Mona: Hi Wacky, thank you but I haven't forgotten.
Wacky: And you'll bring the slides.
Mona: Of course I will.
Wacky: Then everything is ok. CU
Summary: Wacky and Mona are going to the club meeting at 6 pm on Monday. Mona will bring the slides.
Dialogue: Perpetual: Hey baby
Kelvin: What's up hun?
Perpetual: Frank stepped by today. He wanted to talk to you.
Kelvin: Ooh. I saw his missed call.
Kelvin: I'll call him later to know what he wanted.
Perpetual: Okay.
Kelvin: See you later. I love you
Perpetual: Love you more.
Summary: Frank was trying to reach Kelvin on the phone. He even stepped by his place. Kevin will call him back as he was informed by Perpetual about Frank looking for him.
Dialogue: Paul: Don't know Darren's plans yet but usually we go out Saturday mornings for a bit, if there's no change, we'll pop up to Clonmel this weekend :)
Daniel: On sat I am leaving clonmel before 10 going to thurles for blitz with my u8 group from Ga club
Daniel: Gaa
Daniel: And we will be back around 1pm
Paul: Will let you know our plans tomorrow after I talk to Darren but I'm sure we can meet up :)
Summary: Paul and Daniel are trying to arrange a meeting for themselves and Darren.
Dialogue: Alex: Yow bro. Today I'm not cooking so grab something to eat else where
Cyril: Okay bro
Alex: Hope I have not caused any inconveniences.
Cyril: Okay sure.
Summary: Cyril will grab something to eat as Alex is not cooking today.
Dialogue: Selena: My dear sweet people, I'm so sorry, but I can't come tonight :( I just got my period and I feel like shit :(
Jen: :(
Phoebe: Too bad :( Take care and get better soon ;*
Selena: Thx so much <3 
Summary: Selena can't meet with Jen and Phoebe as she's not feeling well.
Dialogue: Ralph: So Ms. May strikes again.
Shirley: What do you mean?
Ralph: Stands by her convictions until it gets too rough and then caves.
Shirley: I don't think she's caving, just not willing to let the vote get messy.
Ralph: Messy??? Its a dumpster fire!
Shirley: Agreed, but what else can she do?
Ralph: Well, she's backed herself into a corner. PM's won't vote for it and EU isn't going to change anything.
Shirley: I think she'll finally resign.
Ralph: Not a chance.
Shirley: I don't think she has a choice. Let someone else be in charge and come up with a better deal.
Ralph: She's tried and failed, but I think she's too stubborn.
Shirley: Possibly.
Ralph: She hasn't resigned yet and she didn't even agree with Brexit!
Shirley: I know but this is different. Its her deal.
Ralph: True, but I don't think she will resign.
Ralph: Just look at the history.
Shirley: My money is on her resigning. She already has a poor legacy so why not quit while you're ahead?
Ralph: Want to lay money on it?
Shirley: Sure. I'm pretty confident she will go.
Ralph: Okay - 50 says she stays and comes up with a new deal. 
Shirley: My 50 says she goes within a week!
Ralph: You're on!
Shirley: Good! We'll see!
Ralph: We certainly will...
Summary: Shirley bets 50 that Theresa May will resign within a week, whereas Ralph bets 50 that she will stay and come up with a new deal related to Brexit. May didn't agree with Brexit.
Dialogue: Jason: how is your dad feeling?
Abigail: not so good, he had another surgery yesterday
Jason: sorry to hear that
Abigail: thanks
Jason: was it the last one? Is he going to get released soon?
Abigail: hopefully the last one but he will stay in hospital for another 2 or 3 weeks
Jason: oh that's long... do you think it would be a good idea if i visit him?
Abigail: maybe not right now, he is very tired
Jason: but in like a week or so?
Abigail: of course then, he really likes you and he is really bored there so having some company makes him very happy
Jason: i can make some time in the week after this one and bring Karen with me
Abigail: please do, you can let me know earlier and i will tell you if no one else is visiting at this time
Jason: of course i will :) do you think we can bring him a pie or something? Karen can make some
Abigail: that's sweet of you but i don't think it's a very good idea, he will be on a special diet
Jason: ah you are probably right...
Abigail: but you can bring him some good herbal tea :) you know he loves it
Summary: Abigail's dad has had another surgery yesterday and will need to stay in hospital for another 2 or 3 weeks. Jason wants to visit with Karen. Abigail feels her dad would like that but in a weeks time when he is less tired. Bringing food is not a good idea but he likes herbal tea.  
Dialogue: Victor: There is a site on the internet called Free press, where photographers exhibit their work. The Exhibits are held once per year. It's down at the Culture House
Finn: Oh, really?
Victor: Yeah, I heard it on the radio
Victor: Ok, I'll take a look. Perhaps I can send them an email too.
Victor: I never heard back from the other place, Noa's gallery. Perhaps I'll wait a few more weeks and then send them another email
Finn: Yeah, I wouldn't email them to soon though
Victor: Yeah, I agree
Finn: Which images did you send to Noa's?
Victor: My four more recent ones. The one with the white cat, the one with the black cat, the one with the horns and the one at the train station
Finn: I love the black cat, that image has some great details
Victor: Yeah, me too, it's one of my personal favourites. I'm so self critical though 😝
Finn: Well, that's normal, but you shouldn't be, you've got some pretty unique stuff!
Victor: Thanks man ;)
Finn: 🌟🌟
Summary: Victor sent the following pictures to Noa's gallery: the one with the white cat, the one with the black cat, the one with the horns and the one at the train station. There's also a website called Free Press where photographers can send their work which is exhibited at the Culture House every year.
Dialogue: Kate: Guess what I just did?
Lucy: Shoot!
Kate: I binge watched the whole season of the Game of Thrones!
Lucy: LOL, told ya!
Summary: Kate binge watched the whole season of the Game of Thrones.
Dialogue: George: hey
George: i heard about you, ill come visit you in the hospital
Lambert: im fine, but it will be nice to have you here
George: ill come at noon
Lambert: cool
Summary: George will visit Lambert in the hospital at 12 pm.
Dialogue: Anna: im working tm I can't 
Jan: ah ok so be sober tm and Friday we drink
Anna: gurl idk what to wear tm
Jan: ah something nice!
Anna: I dont have anything 
Jan: after we study we can go shopping and look?
Anna: will you have time?
Jan: yeah work canceled so im free all day 
Anna: ok awesome I work at 6pm but thats late
Jan: so meet in the morning study a few hours then we can go shop?
Anna: yeah! sounds like a great plan to meee
Jan: awesommeee have to look cute for the partyyy
Anna: oh yes this is a must hahahah
Jan: XD XD XD 
Summary: Anna and Jan will have a drink on Friday. Anna doesn't know what to wear to the party, so Jan will go shopping with her. Jan's work is cancelled and she's free all day, but Anna works at 6 pm. They will meet in the morning, study a few hours and then go shopping. 
Dialogue: Ellison: hey did i leave my cap at your place the other night
Meg: you mean on Friday? i haven't found anything
Bishop: it was kind of bluish with a symbol on it?
Ellison: that the one
Bishop: got it. lucky didnt throw it to the bin 
Summary: Bishop found Ellison's cap that she had left the other night.
Dialogue: Omer: I got the job!!
Patricia: Awesome!!
Pamela: Congratulations!!
Omer: Thanks :*
Pamela: I can't believe you will be working for Donald Trump. 
Pamela: I've heard that even his toilet is gold 😍
Pamela: That's classy 
Summary: Omer got the job. He will be working for Donald Trump. 
Dialogue: Bill: So? What do u think?
Nate: The place itself is fine. 
Bill: Bt?
Nate: Well, they serve a lot of seafood. They don't like seafood.
Bill: Something else then?
Nate: Yup.
Summary: Nate thinks the place is fine but they only serve seafood. They don't lke sea food. Bill is going to look for another place.
Dialogue: Freya: Hey, Hope you're enjoying Austria :P I have a medical query: if I donated a kidney (or some other organ), and during the transfer operation it was rejected by that person's body, could I have that organ back?? (Hopefully I don't sound too much of an idiot :P) xxx
Michael: It doesn't quite work like that Freyfrey. Do you need to know now or can I explain when I get back? x
Freya: Im just curious, but it can wait :)
Michael: ok
Michael: :)
Freya: How's Austria? :)
Michael: Fun, tiring, but fun. :D What are you up to?
Freya: Just wonderin' what to watch.
Michael: Hi Freya, it's Becky here. :) Michael's gone to the bathroom for a sec. Have you watched Stardust?
Freya: Hey Becky!! :D Heard you guys are having fun? :)
Freya: Hmmm, might have done... what's it about?
Michael: <file_video>
Michael: :)
Freya: Yeah, I have :)
Freya: I also got round to watching Divergent
Michael: Did you like it? 
Freya: Honestly... it was okay but I wouldn't place it in my top 10
Michael: Okay, Michael here - I got my phone back from my girlfriend who commandered my phone
Michael: Not sure whether to be happy or annoyed about that one...
Freya: Be Happy! :D Don't worry! :P
Michael: Somehow I knew you were going to say that :P
Michael: But yeah, I guess I'mm kinda glad you two are hitting things off :)
Freya: Now we have an excuse to gossip about you when we go shopping 3;)
Michael: Maybe I should come with you then? :P
Freya: You could... but we could always start exchanging make-up tips as a form of torture
Michael: True XD
Michael: Although if you torture me too early, you won't have anyone to carry your bags
Freya: Guess we'll have to sort this out when you get back...
Freya: DURING THE SUPER SIBLING SESSION!!! :D
Michael: we really need to change that name....
Summary: Michael and Becky are enjoying Austria. Freya has watched Stardust. She also watched Divergent and thinks it was ok. Freya and Becky are getting on well. 
Dialogue: Fran: Hello Ana I left the keys in the mailbox
Anna: Thank you
Fran: We left 10 minutes ago
Anna: Was everything ok?
Fran: Yes, perfect!
Fran: Thank you again, you are very kind and helpful
Anna: I'm glad you liked it
Anna: You are always welcome if you want to come again :)
Fran: We would love to!
Fran: I will tell all my friends that your city is awesome and we had a really great time
Anna: So glad to read that :)
Anna: Are you on your way to the airport?
Fran: Yes. By taxi as you told us :)
Anna: Very well
Anna: The traffic is not that bad today so you have plenty of time
Fran: We have to have a breakfast at the airport :)
Anna: Have a good flight!
Fran: Thank you, have a super nice day!
Summary: Fran's party left Anna's apartment 10 minutes ago, having left the keys in the mailbox. They are on their way to the airport by taxi and will have breakfast there. Anna wishes them a good flight and says they are always welcome to stay at her place again.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you walked the dog?
Theresa: yes! can we go now?
Lia: please! it's starting in 30 min
Anna: now you can :)
Summary: Theresa walked the dog, so she can go now.
Dialogue: Leisha: So, how are you
Zelda: Good, the first shower in 10 days, I’m in ecstasy xd
Leisha: Yea, me too, I spend there like half an hour straight ;p
Zelda: Me not that much, I wanted my bed too much ;d
Leisha: Eh it was tough, but so great!!
Zelda: Yes, now I know scouting is hardcore ;p
Leisha: Do you think you’re going for the next camp?
Zelda: I think so, yes, but now I just need to rest and do nothing for 3 days xp
Leisha: Me too! Good thing theres no school
Zelda: Yea that would kill us definitely, that’s why I’m concerned about the next one
Leisha: What do you mean?
Zelda: It’s in the winter and we will have classes right after coming back
Leisha: Well my parents will let me not to go, to rest
Zelda: Mine probably not ;/
Leisha: It sucks o.o But it’ll be cold, we’re not going to live in tents like this time???
Zelda: No, they always find some places, empty schools, government building or sth
Leisha: Creepy ;p
Summary: Zelda and Leisha came back from a scout camp. They had their first shower in 10 days. They would like to go for the next camp, but their parents probably won't let them. In winter scouts don't sleep in tents but in empty schools or government buildings etc.
Dialogue: Harvey: Could anybody order me an Uber
Zac: sure, but why can't you do it yourself
Tristan: I can as well
Harvey: I don't know, something is wrong with my credit card apparently
Zac: Ok, just let me know where you are
Harvey: at he City Hall
Zac: ok, he should be there in 5 min!
Harvey: Thanks a lot
Summary: Zac will order an Uber for Harvey at the City Hall because she has problems with her credit card.
Dialogue: Donna: God, I can't think of any good christmas gift for my mother... 
Gloria: Cosmetics? Clothes? Coffee? Fancy tea? Books? 
Gloria: It's easy to get sth for a woman!
Donna: Not at all. 
Donna: Cosmetics - she does use them, of course. But she's very specific, uses only chosen and checked ones. 
Donna: And she usually has an overstock...
Gloria: I see. Even sth like handmade fancy soap or hand cream? 
Donna: Especially those! She's a doctor, her hands are in close contact with patients, so she takes great care of their look and healthy skin.
Gloria: So maybe a day in hands spa?
Donna: Thought about this last year. 
Donna: I even asked her about it. She said she knows best how to take care of her hands and didn't want anyone to do it for her...
Gloria: Right. 
Gloria: I suppose it's even worse with clothes then?
Donna: Don't even mention it! 
Summary: Donna has no idea what she should buy her mother for Christmas. Gloria has some suggestions but none of them is good enough.
Dialogue: Liam: Bob, we have an emergency here, could you come over?
Bob: the pipe again?
Liam: yes, the children played with it apparently.
Bob: I'm coming 
Summary: Bob will come over to fix the pipe that children had played with.
Dialogue: Bob: It's high time I bought new speakers and amplifier
George: What's up with old ones?
Bob: Sound got flat
Bob: I have problem with setting the volume and equalizer
George: Maybe repair the old ones?
Bob: Nah. I have to find something that will be also good looking :/
Summary: Bob wants to buy new speakers and an amplifier as sound got flat. He doesn't want to repair them as he wants something that will be also good looking.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Hi, are you going to Kraków this week?
Isabelle: Yes. 
Isabelle: And I'm suppose to take Margaret's new point shoes with me.
Dorothy: Exactly. 
Dorothy: When can I give them to you?
Dorothy: I work at Puławska 105. Would you be in the vicinity by any chance?
Isabelle: Yep, I live nearby. 
Dorothy: OK, so let me know when you can come over.
Isabelle: Ok!
Summary: Isabelle is going to Kraków this week. Dorothy will drop Margaret's point shoes off at Isabelle's work at Puławska 105.
Dialogue: Natalia: Hi Julia, i met Sacha at the airport. He told me you're still in UK. Do you need anything?
Julia: thanks Nat. I'll be back only for holidays. I'll call you for a lunch
Natalia: ok. We'll go a couple of days to  Barcelona, but for sure we have lunch next week
Summary: Natalia met Sacha at the airport. Julia is still in the UK and will be back for holidays. Natalia is going to Barcelona for two days but she wants to meet Julia for lunch next week.
Dialogue: Deborah: forgot the wallet
Deborah: be right back
Shawn: ok, hurry
Summary: Deborah forgot her wallet.
Dialogue: Alan: All right? D'you wanna do owt after work?
Danny: Could have a walk around and catch up, I suppose. Have a drink
Alan: I'll come to the foyer at about 6:30 then, OK?
Danny: OK. I'll try and be ready to leave by then. Let me know when you're about five mins away.
Summary: Danny and Alan will meet in the foyer around 6:30.
Dialogue: John: <file_photo> check out the weather:
Lisa: makes it really difficult to pack. boots and sandals lol 
John: I know. It's been so nice and it's supposed to get terrible around the time you'll be coming
Lisa: Maybe it will still change. And I'm coming to spend time together and relax :)
John: I already planned all the activities!!!
Lisa: What activities?
John: You'll see! I don't want you to be bored
Lisa: I'm a couch potato. I have no problems being lazy :D
John: No choice!  you'll get dragged places :)
Lisa: With you? Can't wait :)
Summary: Lisa is coming to visit John. John has already planned the activities for them. The weather is going to get worse.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi! We have to cancel Lisa's birthday party, sorry.
Zoe: Oh, ok.
Daniel: Lisa's sick and we don't think she'll get better before Sat.
Zoe: Oh, so sorry! 
Daniel: I'll let you know about next Sat.
Zoe: Take care.
Summary: Lisa's sick so Daniel cancels her birthday party scheduled for Saturday.
Dialogue: Winston: Hey, so do you know when you should be here?
Jess: Hey hey, not yet, still in NY
Winston: Nick waiting for you? :)
Jess: He will be here around 9, I'm still at the airport
Winston: Awesome, you two have fun!
Jess: Will do! :)
Winston: So you'll still be coming back to San Fran?
Jess: Yes. And then I'll decide when I'm coming over to see you
Winston: Great, just keep us posted
Jess: Should know tomorrow. Why, you have any plans?
Winston: No rush, it's only monday today.
Jess: I'll try to get myself sorted :)
Winston: It's been extra warm here, shorts and tshirt kind of weather
Jess: That's awesome! 
Winston: Just a heads up, we might need to go and check out a car on Wed
Jess: Ohhh you're getting a car??? YAY :D
Winston: Yeah, we need another car and I found a good deal on craigslist, just need to see in person though
Jess: Sure sure
Winston: Do you know how to ski?
Jess: ohhh I haven't in years! I could give it a try though. Should I bring my ski gear?
Winston: No need, my sister has plenty so don't worry
Jess: I know how to skate!!
Winston: Great! We can do that too. So just let me know once you figure everything out
Jess: Yay! can't wait to see you guys :)
Summary: Jess is in NY. She'll be coming to San Francisco and she will see Winston. They might go skiing or skating together. On Wednesday Winston will see a car. 
Dialogue: Stef: hello Nat, my cousin is looking for information about cef. Do you have any about it.
Stef: <file_other>
Nat: hello Stef, i had a look and for me this is not very interesting and there is no proof about the positive effect. How are the kids?
Stef: they're fine, travelling all around the word, one in Mexico, the other in Canada, another one in France..
Nat: real globe trotters! You could give my number to your cousin if she wants to.
Stef: Thanks
Summary: Stef's cousin is looking for information about cef. Nat doesn't find it very interesting or effective, but lets Stef give her phone number to the cousin. Stef's kids are travelling a lot, one is in Mexico, one in Canada, and another one in France. 
Dialogue: Gary: Who can help me to bake the birthday cake?
Joy: me!
Lillian: me too! 
Summary: Joy and Lillian will help Gary with baking the birthday cake.
Dialogue: Paul: <video_file>
Ashley: Thanks Paul. It seems you guys are having fun!
Paul: It’s Kimberly. I’m sending from Paul’s phone cause I don’t have space on my phone to make videos anymore ;-)
Ashley: Ah ok ;-)
Ashley: Fair enough
Paul: It’s great. I wish you could be here with us!
Ashley: Send me more. I’m really enjoying the photos!
Summary: Kimberly sends Ashley a video from Paul's phone as she doesn't have space on her phone to make videos anymore. Ashley is enjoying the photos and wants some more.
Dialogue: Megan: Girls, do you have your results??
Sarah: I haven't checked yet
Megan: Then check it, cause I have it.....
Jessica: And?
Megan: Failed :<<<<
Sarah: OMG, now I'm scared
Jessica: xO
Jessica: How come??
Megan: I have no idea
Sarah: I've checked, and guess what........
Jessica: Passed?
Sarah: Nope.
Sarah: Also failed xD
Summary: Megan, Sarah and Jessica are waiting for the results. Megan and Sarah failed.
Dialogue: May: Have you bought a gift or flowers for Mum?
Jane: No, why
Theo: It's Mother's Day Jane!
May: I got her her favourite perfumes, just fyi
Jane: thanks for the heads up!
Summary: May bought perfume for her mother.
Dialogue: Tim: Hi sis, hi bro, here's some pics of my trip to Albania
Tom: Cool!
Tim: <file_photo>
Tom: Is that really you? Hahaha!
Tam: Is that some kind of traditional dress?
Tim: Yep
Tam: Nice!
Tim: <file_photo>
Tam: Ok, that's you and Jackie. And who's the other girl?
Tim: Ilva, an Albanian girl we met at the hotel
Tam: Ok.
Tom: Pretty cute ;)
Summary: Tim sent Tom and Tam some pictures from his trip to Albania. On the one photo there is him, Jackie and Ilva, the Albanian girl they met at the hotel.
Dialogue: Brook: book?
Sam: no
Brook: wallet?
Sam: no
Brook: cd?
Sam: stop it Brook, I don'd need anything!
Brook: but it's your b-day!!!
Summary: Brook wants to know what Sam wants for his birthday. Sam doesn't need anything.
Dialogue: Grace: how long have you known jack?
Anderson: not sure...
Anderson: maybe 5 years?
Grace: what does he do for a living?
Anderson: i dont know :-/
Grace: you don't know?!?!?! lol
Grace: you've known the man for five years!!!!
Anderson: i'm not sure what he does lol
Anderson: why do you ask?
Grace: because yesterday when we all went out he kept complaining about it
Grace: how he didn't like any of his colleagues...
Grace: how he had to travel all the time...
Grace: stuff like that
Anderson: again, i don't know what he does
Anderson: i'll ask next time i see him
Summary: Anderson has known Jack for about 5 years, but doesn't know what he does for a living. Yesterday Jack complained to Grace about his work. Anderson will ask Jack about it when he sees him next time. 
Dialogue: Cheryl: Have you seen Jenny recently?
Cristina: no, I am not sure she's in town even
Alice: she is, just busy with the baby
Mary: exactly
Cheryl: did she decide to baptise it eventually?
Cristina: I think she decided she won't do it
Cheryl: I think she's is right
Alice: I agree
Summary: Jenny is in town but she's busy with the baby. She's not going to baptise it. 
Dialogue: Sally: John has a fever. He's burning up!
Jim: You going to take him to the doctors today?
Sally: Will wait until tomorrow and see if he improves.
Jim: I can come by and pick both of you up and drive you to the GPs if you want.
Sally: Thanks for the offer but we'll wait and see.
Jim: Fever in kids is dangerous you know that.
Sally: Yeah I know.
Sally: But if I took him to the doctors everytime he comes home with a fever I'd might as well move into the GP surgery. LOL
Jim: Are you keeping him home from school?
Sally: Yes. Until next week at least.
Jim: Good!
Sally: He can't afford to miss much more school as he's starting to fall behind in his schoolwork.
Jim: True. I hope he starts to feel better by tomorrow. Let me know if you need me to drop anything by yours tonight.
Sally: I think we have everything we need. If I think of something I'll let you know. xo
Summary: John has a fever. Sally will wait until tomorrow, to see if he improves, before taking him to the doctor. Sally will keep John home from school until at least next week. John already has problems keeping up with his schoolwork. 
Dialogue: Owen: hi, what's up?
Robyn: I just woke up
Robyn: <file_gif>
Owen: oopsie…sorry
Summary: Owen's message woke Robyn up.
Dialogue: Amy: Hi Zilda 
Zilda: Hi Amy
Amy: I'm really bad at staying in touch with people
Zilda: I think many people are
Amy: How have you been all these years?
Zilda: I had my ups and downs.
Amy: This question was so awkward. Maybe I will just go straight to the point
Zilda: And this is how I remember you. Always straight to the point.
Amy: :-)
Amy: I'm getting married next year and I thought if you and your partner would like to come to the wedding.
Zilda: My partner died last year. Is it also okay if I come alone?
Summary: Amy invited Zilda and her partner to her wedding next year. Zilda's partner died last year.
Dialogue: Mary: <file_photo>
James: What the hell is this?
Mary: A dead bird in your car
James: What is it doing there?
Mary: I tried to start the engine but I could't so I opened the hood and there it was
James: Just throw it out would you?
Summary: Mary found a dead bird in James' car.
Dialogue: Agnes: I'm bored. 
Derrick: lol, good morning to you too. 
Agnes: Sorry, good morning!
Derrick: It's like 8 am, how are you already bored?
Agnes: I have nothing planned today.. I don't even know why I'm awake so early!
Derrick: Why don't you go back to bed? 
Agnes: Ugh. I guess. But honestly, I'm too bored to go to sleep lol
Derrick: You wierdo. Do you want to go to work for me?
Agnes: Oo, do you think I could?
Derrick: Honestly... probably! 
Agnes: What do you do again? 
Derrick: Market analysis. 
Agnes: That sound's really hard. 
Derrick: It's really not. It's more about looking at what people are buying and stuff. It's fun!
Agnes: Mhmm. Maybe not. I'll find something else to do lol. But thanks for the offer.
Derrick: Lol. No worries. You could read a book or something?
Agnes: Any good suggestions?
Derrick: I recently read "Gone Girl." It was pretty good. A bit scary but still exciting. 
Agnes: Hmm. I'll look into it. Do you think they have it on audiobook?
Derrick: Definitely. It's really famous so I would be surprised if it wasn't available as an audiobook. 
Agnes: Perfect! Thanks dude. Have fun at work
Derrick: Have fun being bored!
Summary: Agnes is bored and has nothing planned today. Derrick does market analysis. Derrick recommends ''Gone Girl''. Agnes is interested in it as an audiobook.
Dialogue: Matt: Hey hows your SAS course going?
Aidan: fine
Aidan: just very intense
Matt: do you recommend it
Aidan: yeah 
Aidan: I guess
Matt: sounld I sign up for it
Aidan: in all honesty
Aidan: since it's free it's ok
Aidan: but if I had to pay for it....
Matt: ok gotcha
Summary: The SAS course that Aidan is doing is okay but very intense. Aidan thinks it's acceptable as it's free but he wouldn't pay for it.
Dialogue: Kylie: Big RIP I just spilled coffee all over my computer
Emery: Awww bb I’m sorry
Kylie: I hate this day sm
Emery: me too… my mf history teacher forgot to give me my assignment and today he’s yelled at me for not doing it
Kylie: it’s so gd annoying
Emery: savage
Summary: Kylie is having a bad day as she spilled coffee all over her computer. Emery is also unhappy as his teacher yelled at him for not doing an assignment Emery was actually not given.
Dialogue: Ella: Where are you?
John: downstairs
Ella: ok, stay at the door, I'm coming 
Summary: Ella is coming.
Dialogue: Zenobia: Now I got off the bus. How can I find the buliding 42?
Adonis: Can you see Emart express around you?
Zenobia: No. I’m a total stranger here.
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Zenobia: I'm here
Adonis: Turn left at the corner. The corner you can see right in front of you. NICE bank is also in the building. 
Zenobia: Ok, and then?
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Zenobia: <file_photo>
Adonis: Come straight. Can you see BABA bakery?
Zenobia: um.....Yes?
Adonis: OTZ......
Adonis: Hold on. I’m calling you now. 
Summary: Zenobia is looking for building No 42. Adonis provides directions to get there.
Dialogue: Kate: hi!
Nick: Hello, Kate
Kate: have you read Tom's e-mail?
Nick: not yet, is it bad?
Kate: worse than I thought..
Nick: any names?
Kate: Well, he mentions everyone but no one in particular
Nick: Thank God :D
Kate: Yeah...
Kate: we'll see how it goes
Nick: do you have a plan?
Kate: Not yet
Kate: but maybe we'll meet for lunch today and strategize?
Nick: OK, good idea.
Summary: Kate and Nick have received Tom's e-mail. They will meet for lunch today to set up strategy for action.
Dialogue: Teddy: are you on the bus already?
Sarah: of course, harry up
Teddy: I'm coming
Summary: Sarah is already on the bus so Teddy should hurry up.
Dialogue: Claire: How does it feel to turn 30?
Roberta: It's like any other birthday 
Roberta: You don't become "mature" from one day to the other
Gertrude: I had a big party but nothing really changed
Gertrude: I don't feel significantly older 
Claire: I'm turning 30 next week!
Gertrude: Welcome to the club
Summary: Claire's 30th birthday is next week. Roberta and Gertruda are already 30 and don't feel any different than before.
Dialogue: Brie: Becky, darling, I need to tell you that you look gorgeous! I’ve just seen your photo on Instagram
Becky: Thanks, that’s too kind!
Maya: Show us, show us!
Brie: <file_photo> this one
Maya: Oh my! Becky you look so fit!
Maya: Not that you looked bad before, but really, what a change!
Becky: No, you can be honest, I was fat ;)
Maya: I wouldn’t say fat, just a bit… plump
Becky: Well, I decided I had enough of it and went on a diet
Brie: How long did it took you? How many pounds have you lost?
Becky: I started in January, cliché I know, but it was my new year’s resolution
Becky: I lost 30 pounds in three months
Maya: Whoah, quite spectacular!
Becky: It wasn’t easy, especially at the beginning, but I was so fed up with looking fat and feeling ugly
Brie: Oh honey <3 but you look lovely!
Maya: But are you all right? It can be quite strenuous to lose so much weight so quickly
Becky: I know, but I did a blood test and my results are better than before and I feel great. Not about my body, but just in general
Maya: Are you working out? Or was it just the diet?
Becky: I started with the diet, but then when I felt better I decided to go to the gym and you know… get properly fit. I’m working out at least three times a week
Brie: What’s your regime? Are you going to classes or do you train with a personal trainer?
Becky: Hah, can’t afford a personal trainer. I go to classes sometimes, but I usually just train by myself, I don’t have a regime – I just go to the gym and exercise ;)
Maya: I’m just checking your Instagram. I’m really proud of you dear
Brie: What kind of diet were you on? I wouldn’t mind losing a pound or ten ;)
Becky: I used an online diet, it’s an app, but there’s a dietician, a real dietician watching over your results and ready to answer all your questions
Becky: Here’s their website: <file_other>
Maya: I may have a look as well ;)
Becky: But you have to be really strict with yourself. I was weighing everything I ate, otherwise it doesn’t work unfortunately
Becky: And no alcohol
Brie: Damn, that won’t be easy :D
Summary: Brie saw Becky's photo on Instagram. Becky lost 30 pounds in three months thanks to an online diet and exercise. 
Dialogue: Victor: They raised the prices :/
David: Yeah, saw it, just got the notification from the bank
Victor: But are they allowed to do it?
David: I'm not sure, I have to have a look at the contract, but it doesn't seem all right to change the prices in the middle
Victor: I think the same. I'll contact the manager
Victor: He said that if we don't agree to the new price list we can end the contract, but they're not going to lower them...
David: Damn, not really fair in my opinion
Victor: No, not really. I was looking for a different gym, but all of them are too far away
David: I have the same problem, I'd love to show them they can fuck off with those prices, but I'd probably spend the same commuting further away
David: I think I'll stay, but if they raise the prices once again I simply won't be able to afford it ;/
Victor: Same here, man. I don't get why they're doing it as more people are coming, they should have higher revenue anyway
David: Greed man
Victor: Pity, I liked the place. I will think about changing, I'll do it if I find something closer to work perhaps
David: Lucky you, I'm pretty much stuck with this one. I hope a new one will open soon enough
Summary: Victor and David are unhappy with the increase in prices at their gym. Victor is going to try to find something closer to work, whereas David will stick to this gym as long as the prices won't increase once again.
Dialogue: Ashton: How are you guys? How is the general mood after the referendum?
Jean: I'm very depressed and disappointed 
Brigitte: I try to accept the democratic result but it's sad...
Ashton: But it was not such a big defeat I thought
Brigitte: 43.60% for yes
Ashton: it's not catastrophic at all
Jean: 6.5% is a huge advantage in democracy
Ashton: what was the turnout?
Brigitte: quite high, about 80% i think
Jean: 80.63% to be precise
Ashton: high!
Jean: Yes, but pointless 😭
Ashton: Do you think the white population voted "no" mostly
Jean: I'm sure
Brigitte: No Kanaks would vote "no"
Ashton: I read that some were afraid of economic repercussions 
Jean: Yes, we were threatened by France
Brigitte: That we'll end up poor and forgotten
Jean: But we could have closer ties with our friends here, Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific community
Ashton: I'm sorry guys. I know you're real Kanak patriots
Jean: Thanks Ashton, we ended up like Scotland 😓
Ashton: hahaha, true
Summary: Jean and Brigitte are unhappy with the results of the referendum. The turnout was 80.63% with 43.60% of votes being yes.
Dialogue: Sisi: You think we're too dumb for that?
Bobo: No!!! It's just difficult.
Sisi: It's an intro!
Bobo: Stop writing to me. Listen to him. Concentrate
Sisi: <file_photo>
Summary: Bobo and Sisi are learning together.
Dialogue: Ewa: Hi! Would you find some time to do the blog interview today or tomorrow? Whatever works best for you :)
Becky: Sure! Tomorrow would be better
Becky: Fred’s last day is today
Ewa: Sure, tomorrow! What Time are you going to be available?
Becky: How about after two?
Ewa: perfecto ;) where?
Becky: Selina? I’ll be working there all day cause of my video calls
Ewa: Ok I will come to selina around two!
Summary: Tomorrow Ewa will meet with Becky at selina to do the blog interview.
Dialogue: Hugh: Hi there. Rob and Juan, how did your panels go?
Clarice: Both were splendid. I've witnessed them 👀 And here's a photo of the heroes <file_photo>
Juan: Ha ha ha thanks Clarice. Yeah, I think it went ok, what would you say Rob?
Rob: I can't remember anything. Panel blackout! ⚫
Hugh: Any annoying questions from the audience?
Rob: ⚫
Hugh: lol
Clarice: Well, I don't know what the guys think but I personally think the guy who chaired Rob's panel was a little bit of a dickhead, wasn't he?
Rob: 🔴 Yeah, a total dick. He did a nice round-up at the end in which he scoffed at our papers and basically said we were a bunch of silly losers. After which he asked us to provide a definition of politics, just to make sure we even understood what it was.
Clarice: @Hugh for your information, Rob is exaggerating less than usual
Hugh: Fuck, sounds insane
Juan: It was. But I actually had a very good time. Rob was the last one to answer the "question" and he gave a truly moving performance -of scorn and intellectual superiority 💖
Hugh: Ha ha ha how so
Clarice: Well, I don't wish to interrupt but I think it's not without importance that Rob actually began his answer by laughing the chair in his face
Juan: Sounds like a nice prelude 🎼
Rob: Indeed, that bit I really forgot lol. Anyway, I told him that as he has asked such a big question I was going to answer a few more. So I defined not only politics but also History, Art and Literature 😂😂😂😂
Clarice: And the best thing was that the guy actually seemed to enjoy the answer, even though it was apparent that Rob was mocking him from beginning to end. So weird...
Rob: I agree with Clarice, he looked me in the eye all the while, nodding with approval
Juan: Sounds really bizarre... So Rob, what's History? What's Literature? What's Art?
Rob: Oh fuck off lol
Clarice: You can purchase advance tickets for Rob for 10 EUR; tickets at the entrance cost 12 EUR
Rob: 😂😂😂
Juan: Rob sure deserves a glass of wine tonight
Rob: We all do. I'll be looking out for you after the keynote address
Clarice: Sure, let's grab a drink after
Hugh: Yes please 👌 
Rob: See you guys later then
Clarice: Byee
Summary: Today Rob and Juan had panels. Rob discussed politics, history, art and literature. Clarice and Rob didn't like the chairman of Rob's panel. Rob, Clarice, Hugh and Juan will have a drink later.
Dialogue: Peter: hi, I'm coming 6:40 am friday
Dorothy: <file_gif>
Peter: there are no good connections so I decided to go by night
Peter: at least I'll get some sleep
Peter: pls let me know if its okay for you
Dorothy: perfect, don't worry
Dorothy: I'll ask Derren to pick you up from the station
Peter: please don't bother, I'll get an uber
Dorothy: don't be silly ;)
Dorothy: we'll have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work
Dorothy: do you have any plans? want to go anywhere on friday?
Peter: I was thinking about this exhibition
Peter: <file_other>
Peter: did you see it?
Dorothy: no but I was going to tell you about it! :)
Dorothy: let's go with Derren in the afternoon
Dorothy: he works till 3pm on Fridays
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Peter will come on Friday at 6:40. He will go by night, because there are no good connections. Derren will pick Peter up from the station and they will have a breakfast at home before Derren leaves to work. The three of them will go to the exhibition on Friday after 3 p.m. 
Dialogue: Hayden: hey, did you pick up tickets for the football game?
Lori: no, i was going to, but something came up at work.
Hayden: i'm by the stadium now. I'll get them.
Lori: ok, cool. don't forget that andrea is joining us.
Hayden: oh right. should be different having a steelers fan with us this time.
Lori: Yeah, she's pretty outspoken. Noisy too
Hayden: i think we handle it. you know how we are.
Lori: yeah, it'll still be fun
Hayden: did you buy a new jersey to wear?
Lori: yes, i did
Hayden: hope you keep it away from Pepper this time
Lori: yes, i'm keeping it out of reach. she wont get a bite out of this one
Hayden: cool. i'll wear mine too
Lori: did the ticket price increase go into affect?
Hayden: no, i think thats next month
Lori: good. they're already high enough as it is
Hayden: definitely. i miss the prices they had 10 years ago
Lori: yeah. it was a lot easier to go to a game then
Hayden: Cool. i'm at the ticket window now. ttyl!
Lori: Later!
Summary: Hayden will buy tickets for the football game for himself, Lori and Andrea. Hayden and Lori will wear their jerseys. Pepper distroyed Lori's old jersey.
Dialogue: Mary: hi
Morrie: hello
Mary: i have a problem
Morrie: what's happened?
Mary: my period is not regular last time
Mary: and when it comes it's terrible
Morrie: have you told about it to your doc?
Mary: not yet
Morrie: why?
Mary: im afraid she will tell my mom im not a virgin any more
Morrie: she doesnt know?
Mary: of course no!
Morrie: dont worry, yiur doc cant tell her
Summary: Mary's problem is that her period has been irregular lately. Mary hasn't told about that to a doctor yet as she's afraid that the doctor'll tell Mary's mother that she's been deflowered.
Dialogue: Henry: Hi, is it true that you used to live in New York
Joseph: Yes, I did
Henry: how fascinating 
Henry: Did you like it?
Joseph: oh, very much. I still sometimes miss it
Henry: Where did you live?
Joseph: you mean the borough?
Henry: Yes
Joseph: Brooklyn 
Henry: that's very trendy, right?
Joseph: back then it wasn't that trendy, but much cheaper than Manhattan
Henry: I was offered to go there for an exchange
Joseph: But you have to count your savings/salary carefully 
Joseph: it's a very expensive city
Henry: how do you think, how much one should earn to live distantly in NYC?
Joseph: hmmm, about 80000$ a year
Henry: gosh, it's about 6,600$ a month
Joseph: yes, I'm afraid so
Joseph: that's why i moved out
Henry: I see
Joseph: NYC can be very stressful and tough if you are not wealthy enough
Henry: sad. thanks, I'll think more about this exchange
Joseph: please do
Summary: Joseph lived in Brooklyn, New York. Henry is offered to go there for an exchange. One should earn about 80000$ a year to live there. That's why Joseph moved out.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: Look at this name, it's so funny
Gabrielle: I looked it up on google 
Gabrielle: <file_other>
Gabrielle: It's a cow 😂
Isabella: 😆
Isabella: With a baby cow 😍
Summary: Gabrielle shares a funny cow name with Isabella.
Dialogue: Wilma: Hon!!!!!!!!!! I haven't heard from you IN AGES
Betty: I know!!!!!!! how are things???
Wilma: good good missing my bestie though
Betty: aww <3
Wilma: wanna meet up this weekend?
Betty: Ugh, pumpkin, I can't, my in laws are coming to visit...
Wilma: ouch
Betty: I know... The weekend after that?
Betty: Saturday night?
Wilma: I had plans with some people from work but I can move that to Friday I guess :)))))
Betty: perfect, next Saurday then!!!!!!!!
Wilma: <file_gif>
Wilma: <file_gif>
Wilma: <file_gif>
Betty: Haha yes this is us
Wilma: me with that huuuuuuuuuuuge wine glass
Betty: and me dancing on the table
Wilma: <3
Betty:  <3
Summary: Betty can't meet Wilma this weekend. Her parents-in-law are visiting. They will meet on the next Saturday.
Dialogue: Garry: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight?
Katia: Tonight?
Katia: What day is it?
Katia: All right, it's Thursday.
Katia: Yes, I'm coming :) 
Garry: Great! 
Katia: Which pub is it this week?
Garry: Irish.
Garry: Do you want to go together?
Katia: Subway?
Garry: yes
Katia: OK. Let's meet at my station, okey?
Garry: Sure. What time?
Katia: Around 8:00?
Garry: okey! see u then!
Katia: See u!
Summary: Garry and Katia are going to an Irish pub. They will meet at the subway station at approx. 8 o'clock.
Dialogue: Martin Kelly: Hi, attached is the handout for tomorrow.
Martin Kelly: <file_other>
Patrick Smith: Thank you professor
Martin Kelly: If you have time, you could look through the English review and make a note of new phrases.
Patrick Smith: Yes, of course, I'll read it today.
Martin Kelly: It's very well written
Martin Kelly: See you tomorrow!
Patrick Smith: Ok, thank you very much!
Summary: Martin Kelly sends Patrick Smith a handout for tomorrow. Patrick Smith will read the English review.
Dialogue: Maddie: Still mad at me? 
Maddie: 🤧
Keegan: I moved on 
Maddie: I am sorry 
Maddie: Should have told u before that I went to her bday party
Keegan: Fine 
Maddie: Want to still see me? 
Maddie: I am taking you for a supper 😊
Keegan: Sure when
Maddie: Tmrw? 
Keegan: Ok cool 
Summary: Keegan is no longer mad at Maddie. They are going for supper tomorrow.
Dialogue: Carol: BBC Breakfast is in Derby!
Carol: I think at Intu...
Will: Why?
Carol: No idea... Christmas I think?
Will: Cool!
Carol: Oh, no, it's to interview people about Brexit.
Summary: BBC Breakfast is in Derby to interview people about Brexit.
