Dialogue: Peter: Happy birthday! <file_gif>
Megan: Thanks, Pete! I'm so happy you remembered! <3
Peter: How could I forget!
Megan: Well, it's happened with some people before, so ^_^' even with friends that I thought were close... but never mind that!
Peter: Got any plans for today?
Megan: Mm, just hanging out with my family, I guess?
Peter: Well, sometimes it's good to have a chill day, haha
Megan: Yeah, they're getting me cake, too! It's a surprise, so I'm a little excited, hehe :D
Peter: How is it a surprise if you know about it already??
Megan: Uhh! I know that I'm getting one, but I don't know what it'll look or taste like! So it's still a surprise!
Peter: Ahh, I get it
Megan: I won't see it until the evening, but that's fine, at least I have something to look forward to~!
Peter: What do you say we see each other next Tuesday? I have a little something for you too, actually
Megan: What! Really?? Pete, you didn't have to! ;_;
Peter: Oh come on, Meg, we've known each other for 10 years now
Megan: Well! If you insist... I'm free, so yeah, Tuesday sounds good!
Summary: Megan has birthday today, and she's going to meet with her family. Megan will get a surprise cake. Megan and Peter are going to see each other on Tuesday.
Dialogue: Jake: So I'm leaving an hour earlier today.
Renee: Why?
Jake: Dana made an appointment for me on my lunch with a customer. Wasn't that nice?
Renee: Is she bringing you lunch at least?
Jake: No leaving early is fine though.
Renee: Won't you be starving?
Jake: Probably but I can live off my fat!
Renee: LOL!
Summary: Jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat.
Dialogue: Katya: Hello!
Katya: Happy Birthday!
Katya: /hug
Marcin: Thank you very much, Katiusha
Marcin: And happy new year to you too!
Katya: Zakharovs are sending their regards too :)
Marcin: Please say thank you for me ;)
Summary: Katya wishes Marcin happy birthday and Marcin wishes her a happy new year. Zakharovs are sending their regards to Marcin.
Dialogue: Margaret: Heya. Are you on your way already?
Bethany: I think I will arrive at around 12.30
Margaret: It's ok! I just left house and going to take a train
Bethany: Ok great. See you 😗
Margaret: I'm late for the train so I will be there 12.30 as well. I need to wait 35 mins for the train 😀
Bethany: I will wait in front of the train station 😄
Margaret: Perfect 😁😁😁
Bethany: Just right there, outside at the entrance
Summary: Bethany will arrive at around 12:30. Margaret is late for the train and has to wait 35 minutes for the next one, so she will be there at 12:30 as well. Bethany will wait for Margaret outside the entrance of the train station.
Dialogue: Aubrey: Should we go together to watch G, I Joe?
Logan: Yeah, We should, When would it be released?
Aubrey: It has already been released. :/
Summary: Aubrey and Logan want to watch "G.I. Joe" that has already been released. 
Dialogue: Rob: Did hear about the birds?
Bob: Birds?
Rob: So, you don't know?
Bob: Know what?
Rob: Forget it.
Summary: Bob has not heard about the birds. 
Dialogue: Lee: what was the name of the song again
Roy: I'll send you the link once i get home
Lee: okay..... waiting
Summary: Roy will send Lee a link to the song when he gets home.
Dialogue: Jonah: Will anybody pick me up from, the airport, please?
Molly: but it's super easy...
Vanessa: don't worry, I can come to pick you up, but you'll have to wait a bit, I'm finishing at 5
Jonah: Molly, I've never been in such a big city, it scares me
Molly: Jonah, you're not 12
Molly: sorry, but it's silly, I can give you directions
Vanessa: don't mock him, he'll learn slowly, step by step
Jonah: Thanks Vanessa 
Molly: yes, sorry, maybe you're right
Summary: Jonah wants somebody to pick him up from the airport. He's never been in such a big city and is scared. Molly doesn't understand his fear. Vanessa defends Jonah.
Dialogue: Kyle: hey u got maths homework?
Patrick: um.. not yet :D
Kyle: hahaha what do you mean not yet
Kyle: it's for tomorrow
Kyle: i just reminded you didn't i hahahah
Patrick: XD
Kyle: well good luck then
Patrick: tx xD guess i'm gonna need it XD
Summary: Kyle reminds Patrick about their math homework for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Mark: How ya doing Cris?
Cris: Hey, was that you calling me 5 minues ago? My phone broke and all my contacts went to trash.
Mark: Yes, yes, that was me
Cris: Ok, give me a sec and I will call you back
Mark: Sure thing
Summary: Mark called Cris 5 minutes ago. Cris didn't know it was Mark, as he had lost all the contacts on his phone. Cris will call Mark back shortly. 
Dialogue: Mary: <file_photo>
Mary: me all my entire life
Jane: xDDDD I just died
Suzan: goddamit, I just spit out the entire tea on the floor xD
Mary: hahaha that's the spirit
Jane: just breath XD
Mary: <file_photo>
Jane: saw it yesterday xDD
Suzan: jesus christ im trying to breath, plz stahp xddd
Jane: do it then xd hey, maybe we'll go somewhere tomorrow?
Mary: sounds cool, I'm definitely in
Suzan: I'm also in, if I get my breathing back xd
Summary: Jane, Mary and Suzan are going somewhere tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Phil: Hi babe, I'm in a taxi on the way to you. Streets empty,  so it won't take long.
Cindy: Excellent!
Phil: Did you have a good day? Were they on time?
Cindy: It all went  fantastically. Really good rapport. A nice group.
Phil: How many of them? All new faces?
Cindy: 16 and all new. As it turned out,  each of them has already got quite a bit of experience in the field, so we'll be able to skip all those boring preliminaries. Hugely glad about it!
Phil: So happy for you. You needn't have worried.
Cindy: Well, it's the first meeting and everyone is so full of enthusiasm. Let's see.  We'll talk about it.
Phil: Sure. Am I disturbing you? There is always a pause before you reply.
Cindy: :) It's just that I'm cooking and go back to the phone every few minutes. Sorry about it!
Phil: I am sorry. Stupid me.
Cindy: No problem Phil. Anyway the casserole is already in the over. How far are you?
Phil: Not sure. It's pitch dark outside. 
Cindy: Are there stone walls on both sides of the road?
Phil: Yip. And the road is very narrow.
Cindy: You can't be far from Manor House Farm. A few minutes really. I can uncork the wine then.
Phil: My type of a woman!
Summary: Phil's first meeting with the new group went very well. Cindy is cooking dinner for Phil, who will join her in a few minutes.
Dialogue: Matthew: let me know if you're coming tonight :P
Harvey: Hey
Harvey: Not this time, sorry :/
Matthew: okay
Summary: Harvey is not coming tonight.
Dialogue: Riley: Santa didn't do a great job this year. Instead of giving us warm and happiness, he took away the heating, hot water in sinks, and electricity. We sorted the electricity yesterday, but no idea what to do with the heating. Any pieces of advice?
Jessica: You must have been a very bad girl all year Riley!! 🤔
Tyler: Check the boiler pressure to see it's topped up. The boiler is beside the bathroom, but I can't remember where the fill loop is in that house
Riley: 😂😂😂 I was ok! Put more faith in me Jessica.
Jessica: Not sure if you deserve 😜😂
Riley: <file_photo>
Tyler: Yeah looks like the pressure has dropped. Is there a plastic bent pipe somewhere in there? It should have a black switch on it which you can turn
Riley: <file_photo> Is it this one? Is it going to explode when I touch it?
Tyler: That looks right to me. If you turn it, it should pour water into the system and the needle on the other dial should start going up. Turn it for ten seconds, and if it looks like nothing is happening then turn it off and assume I'm wrong, sorry I can't be 100% sure
Riley: Nothing is happening. Ok, we are happy enough without the heating. Heating is for weak people.
Tyler: Sorry I can't think of another solution, may be one for Nedd to look at. I can give you his number but not sure if he'll be around since it's boxing day
Riley: Ok, we know. No worries. We will wait until tomorrow. It turned off itself, maybe it can turn on itself too.
Jessica: Merry Christmas Riley!
Summary: The heating at Riley's house doesn't work. Tyler tries to help him with some advice but it doesn't work. It's Boxing Day so Riley will wait until tomorrow.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi Tom, did you hear the news? 
Tom: No, what happened? 
Bill: We had a problem at school today.
Tom: You always have problems at school:-)?
Bill: Oh c’mon, this time it was serious. 
Tom: OK, what now?
Bill: Someone cut the tires.
Tom: What tires?
Bill: The tires on the cars.
Tom: Students’ or teacher’s?
Bill: Both :-)
Tom: Where were the cars?
Bill: They were in the parking lot, as always.
Tom: How many tires did they cut?
Bill: One or two tires were cut on each car, my math teacher got all four cut.
Tom: I’m sure he must’ve been really pissed off...
Bill: He went crazy, I tell you. He only bought new tires last month!
Tom: How many cars in total?
Bill: Eleven cars.
Tom: That's terrible. I hope they catch the person.
Bill: they already have. It was one of the last year students who failed  finals. He wanted to take revenge. 
Tom: Yeah, he eventually did ;-)) On himself. 
Summary: The last year student cut the tyres on 11 cars in the school car park. Math teacher's car got all four tyres cut.
Dialogue: Emma: Hi, are you busy right now?
Julia: Hi, well, let's say writing is problematic, but tell me
Emma: Ok, thank you. Could you send me our photos from the party again? There was a problem with my phone
Julia: Ok! Give me 10 minutes and I'll send them
Emma: Are you still at work?
Julia: No, I'm going back home but the bus is crowded
Emma: Ouch
Julia: See you later :)
Emma: Ok, thanks!
Summary: Julia will send Emma their photos from the party again, because Julia had a problem with her phone.
Dialogue: Laura: that fucker cheated on me
Bridget: no!!!
Laura: With that blond from his work
Bridget: The one that spilled wine on his shirt during the office xmas party?
Laura: yes, that bitch
Bridget: OMG how did you find out????
Laura: She told me. She said that it's better that I know
Bridget: It is better that you know. but are they a thing right now?
Laura: No she said she is sorry and she regrets it but she thinks that I should know what kind of a man I am about to marry
Bridget: wow, I though it only happened in movies
Laura: bitches with conscience?
Bridget: yep
Laura: I guess the wedding's off.
Bridget: Wanna come over for some prosecco?
Summary: Laura's fiance cheated on her with the blond from his work. The blond said it to Laura and now Laura wants to cancel the wedding. Briget is inviting over for prosecco.
Dialogue: Kelly: Hi Mum, you ok?
Maggie: Hi lovey, yes, but Dad's ill.
Kelly: Oh no, what's wrong?
Maggie: He's got cellulitis in his legs, he's on 12 strong antibiotics a day.
Kelly: Is it getting better?
Maggie: Yes, we think so, it's less red and swollen, he hates the tablets, though!
Kelly: Can he walk?
Maggie: Yes, but his legs are stiff and heavy. He's been signed off work for a month, can't be lumbering round the brewery like that.
Kelly: Oh, you should have told me! I'll come over after work tomorrow.
Maggie: Yes, we'd like that, he's really cheesed off being at home. 
Kelly: I'll bring you some of my Rocky Road, I'm making a batch for the charity coffee morning at the bank tomorrow.
Maggie: Oh yes, it's very rich, isn't it? Just a bit for us, not good for the figure, is it?
Kelly: No, it isn't but I only make it a couple of times a year, hardly a binge, is it?
Maggie: No, but be careful! Remember when you were 15?
Kelly: OK, I put on a couple of stone! It was almost 10 years ago, mum! It was also during puberty and I've lost it since!
Maggie: OK, just be vigilant! These things can creep on without you noticing.
Kelly: Calm down, mum, it's just a cake, not cyanide!
Maggie: Sorry, I just worry about you, that's all, can't help it!
Kelly: I know, see you tomorrow!
Summary: Kelly's dad is ill and has to stay at home for a month. Kelly will visit him after work tomorrow. Maggie wants Kelly to be vigilant in terms of high-calorie foods.
Dialogue: Tom: We're in Dublin airport
Tom: Ready to get on the plane :)
Chris: I wish you a safe flight then!
Chris: Can't wait to see you! :D
Tom: Thank you!
Chris: I want to ask you sth
Tom: Go on
Chris: Do you mind going tomorrow to school at 7:10?
Chris: I know that we are startind our erasmus things at 9 am but
Chris: my teacher want me to come at 8 am and that way i would like to go at 7:10 am
Chris: becaus there's a voleyball trainging before that
Chris: Is it a problem for you to get up that early? If you don't want to come I can ommit the training.
Tom: I don't mind going in at 7:10.
Tom: We're just about to take off
Tom: I will text you when we land
Chris: Ok
Chris: No problem
Tom: Do you like flying?
Chris: Well, I've flied only 2 times in my life but yee I kinda like it
Chris: What about you?
Tom: It's ok for me.
Summary: Tom is flying back home. Chris asks Tom to go in to school at 7.10 am. Chris and Tom express their opinions about flying. It appears that they are both okay with it.
Dialogue: Averi: We need need a plan for this weekend :/
Rylen: Yeah 
Averi: What’s your go to restaurant when you want to eat out but can’t decide where to go?
Rylen: I usually dont go out 
Averi: What do you do then?
Rylen: Mostly I order food at home 
Averi: What should we do at this weekend
Rylen: Just come to place, we will decide it later
Averi: We should plan it now
Rylen: My mother is a good cook, maybe she can cook something for us
Averi: Sounds good
Rylen: Done?
Averi: Yeah, we should help her out to make food
Rylen: We would have to
Averi: I will bring the vegetables and all other things required
Rylen: OKe
Averi: Have you talked to Dixie yet?
Rylen: Why?
Averi: She was asking about you
Rylen: K i would call her in a while 
Summary: Averi and Rylen try to make a plan for this weekend. They'll meet at Rylen's and help her mother making food. Averi will bring vegetables and all other things needed.
Dialogue: Chris: Why are media pushing her so much? Is it just not to talk about the current first lady?
Chris: I don't say i wouldn't agree with this, i'm just curious
Derek: What is there to say about melania?
Chris: All the world should have clear her image of useless doll, so maybe we'll have less girls following the Trophy Wife path.
Richard: English does not appear to be Chris's first language, Russian,? Who knows. Richard: Interesting he refers to Michelle Obama as " a trophy wife ", when it is clear the trophy wife is Melanie Trump, she is not in love with the elderly incompetent old man Trump.
Derek: Chris, yeth We Khan
Chris: Well maybe i'm not mother language english but you have some brain damage dude. 
Chris: I was talking about Melanie. Breath, relax your anus, read again and feel free to comment again
Derek: *breathe 😉
Richard: Well my apologies Chris, it appeared to me you meant Michelle Obama. So yes, the trophy wife path of Melanie Trump is not a good role model for girls.
Chris: Damn i spent so much money on English class! 😓😓😓
Chris: We should talk more about Ocasio-Cortes. 
Chris: That's the kind of women the world needs.
Sharon: The Obama Foundation needs coin.
Chris: Interesting point that one about foundations fishing for coins, they always do that don't they! But at least it's a good foundation i hope, not like the Clinton's. 
Chris: Maybe just keep an eye on them.
Derek: Sharon, YOU NEED A FACELIFT !!!!!!
Chris: No need for caps dude. We read you.
Summary: Melania Trump is a trophy wife and a bad example for girls. Ocasio-Cortez is an exemplary female politician. The Obama Foundation needs money, as they all do, but might be better than the Clinton Foundation.
Dialogue: Peter: OK listen, Warsaw - Berlin is 30 euro, we can go on thursday, 12:45 or 15:32
Danny: cool
Danny: can you buy the tickets? that way we sit together. I'll transfer you money in PLN.
Peter: that will be around 130
Danny: no prob
Peter: so, what time?
Danny: I don't mind really
Peter: OK
Danny: can we stay till sunday? I wanna have time to go sightseeing.
Peter: for real tho? not much to see there dude
Peter: but yeah we can
Danny: let's!
Peter: might tag along if the weather be nice
Summary: The ticket from Warsaw to Berlin is 30 euro. Peter will buy the tickets for Danny and himself. Danny will transfer him the money in PLN. They're going to stay until Sunday, because Danny wants to go sightseeing. Peter might tag along if the weather is nice.
Dialogue: Paul: Hey, did you buy the food for tomorrow?
John: Yep, it should be more than enough.
Paul: Okayyy!
John: And did you guys get the beer?
Paul: You bet! More beer than even Luke can handle.
John: That's to be seen, hah.
Paul: Ok, we'll be at your place tomorrow after 8.
John: Ok, see you tomorrow then! Oh, and say hi to Jane from me.
Paul: Ok.
Summary: John has stocked up on beer for tomorrow. Paul and John are meeting tomorrow after 8 pm.
Dialogue: Caroline: I have the whole trip planned!!
Alexandra: do tell :)
Caroline: we arrive at 4 but we won't get to the hotel until 6 I think
Alexandra: do we take the bus from the aiport?
Caroline: yes, it takes 40 minutes but it is three times cheaper than the train
Alexandra: sure
Caroline: then we change and go a little walk around the Vatican City
Alexandra: sounds lovely, especially with the special Christmas tree there :)
Caroline: yeah :) then we have dinner at this lovely restaurant that I discovered last year
Alexandra: is it far from the hotel?
Caroline: 500m
Alexandra: perfect!!
Caroline: then the next day we get up around 7:30 if that's okay
Alexandra: you know I'm more of an early bird than a night owl
Caroline: and after breakfast we visit the castle of saint angel
Alexandra: <3
Caroline: then we stroll around the di trevi fountain, spanish steps, piazza navona... 
Alexandra: ice cream is a must
Caroline: yes!! and then Colosseum 
Alexandra: and lunch!
Summary: Caroline has planned the whole trip. They arrive at 4, take a 40 min bus ride to the hotel. Then they change and go for a walk around the Vatican City. The next day they will get up around 7:30 and see the castle of Saint Angel, the Di Trevi fountain, Spanish Steps, Piazza Navona and the Colosseum.
Dialogue: Sue: Just tried Ikea vegan hot dog
Irene: and?
Sue: amazing! #veganismbitch
Mike: really? XD
Sue: <file_photo>
Summary: Sue ate vegan hot dog from Ikea and liked it.
Dialogue: Sam: what are you up today?
Vicky: not much just chilling at home
Sam: I was thinking about going out
Sam: are you interested?
Vicky: any specific plans?
Sam: not really
Sam: we can grab something to eat
Sam: maybe catch a movie?
Vicky: sounds fun
Vicky: much better than chilling at home
Sam: my thoughts exactly
Vicky: when do you want to meet?
Sam: I can pick you up at 5 PM
Sam: how does that sounds?
Vicky: fine with me
Sam: great, I'll see you then
Summary: Sam will pick up Vicky at 5 PM today.
Dialogue: Harry: I've been trying to figure out why I suddenly stopped drinking orange juice
Harry: And I reached interesting conclusion
Harry: During highschool times i drank too much vodka washed down with orange juice :D
Pauline: No kidding? It works that way?
Pauline: Does your brain think you drink vodka anytime you drink orange juice? 
Harry: Seems so. <file_gif>
Summary: Harry stopped drinking orange juice. He used to drink too much vodka with orange juice in highschool.
Dialogue: Donna: Beanie honey 😍
Donna: That new Ari's song is 😍😍😍😍
Ben: LIT!
Donna: Would you like to go to her show with me when she's in Berlin?
Ben: I might. How much a single ticket costs?
Donna: Around 120 euro. It's a bargain!
Ben: Okay, it's not bad. I can go if you wish.
Donna: That's so sweet of you! 😊
Ben: Anything for you my lady 😊
Summary: Donna loves Ari's new song and Ben can go with Donna to Ari's show in Berlin for 120 Euro. 
Dialogue: Przemek: guys, a fun fact
Przemek: or a quizz:
Przemek: which countries don't recognise North Korea?
Jim: lol, why would we know?
Przemek: think! it's logical
Przemek: there are 3
Przemek: ok, only one is unexpected
Gordon: USA?
Przemek: c'mon, they held talks
Meghan: South Korea?
Przemek: bravo
Gordon: Japan?
Przemek: Yes!!!!
Jim: China?
Jim: would be a bizarre twist
Przemek: no! maybe they don't need NKorea because they have Louvre?
Gordon: Poland!
Przemek: hahahahahah
Meghan: France really?
Przemek: yes, at least Wikipedia says so
Summary: According to Wikipedia, there are three countries that don't recognise North Korea: USA, Japan and France.
Dialogue: Nicole: We have just picked up the car
Pamela: great, was it difficult?
Brenda: not really, just a bit long
Nicole: yes, they wanted 1000 documents
Brenda: and we had to pay a bit more since the driver is under 25
Pamela: I thought so, it's a standard procedure it seems
Brenda: Yes, they told me so
Brenda: So we're coming to pick you up!
Summary: Brenda and Nicole picked up the car. They higher fee for under-25 drivers. They are going to pick up Pamela.
Dialogue: Liam: I am looking for a gift for mum for her birthday
Eva: Do you have any ideas?
Liam: <file_photo>
Eva: not a scale!! for a woman struggling with her weight, come on
Liam: Oh, right. then I don't know
Eva: Maybe a weekend in spa?
Liam: Could be!
Eva: <file_other>
Liam: That looks really good!
Eva: a bit expensive though
Liam: we could ask some other people to chip in, aunt Stella?
Eva: That's a possibility
Liam: or
Eva: ?
Liam: <file_other>
Eva: her favorite theatre <3
Liam: So which option?
Eva: I would go for the theatre tickets cause it could be just for us
Liam: Okay
Eva: <file_gif>
Summary: Liam is looking for a present for his mother's birthday.
Dialogue: Hippolite: Where did you put the garage key?
Lola: In the hall cupboard, top drawer. 
Hippolite: Got it :*
Summary: Lola put the garage key in the hall cupboard, in the top drawer.
Dialogue: Jesse: <file_gif>
Jesse: hey, how are you? I've heard you had an accident?
Aisha: that's true
Aisha: I feel ridiculous though
Aisha: I hit the cupboard with my toe and broke it :(
Jesse: poor you
Jesse: I bet it hurt like hell
Aisha: yep, it did
Jesse: Is it in plaster or what?
Aisha: nope, the doctors said it would cure like this
Aisha: I'm just limping XD
Jesse: <file_gif>
Summary: Aisha kicked the cupboard, now her toe is broken. 
Dialogue: Moira: Hi, I need some advice on cameras. 
Patrick: Hi, what kind of cameras?
Moira: I want to buy a digital camera. Something compact, light and very simple in use, with good zoom. 
Patrick: Hm, I see. I'll search for something. 
Moira: Thank you.
Patrick: What's your budget?
Moira: Around 500PLN. 
Patrick: Okey. 
Moira: It can be more expensive if it's good quality. I'd prefer something durable. 
Patrick: I get this picture. 
Moira: Do you think it's feasible with my budget?
Patrick: I'll check and let you know. 
Moira: Thanks! 
Summary: Moira is looking for a digital camera for around 500 PLN. Patrick will help her to look for it. 
Dialogue: Luna: Have you heard about the Diatlov pass murders?
Kim: I don't think we can talk about murders
Jackson: So how else would you explain it?
Linda: What are you talking about?
Linda: I haven't heard about this case
Kim: A group of USSR student in the late fifties were found dead in deep Ural 
Kim: Until now we cannot be sure why they died
Kim: They died of hypothermia but why would they leave their tent in the middle of the night not even completely dressed when it was -30 outside?
Kim: There are different theories: UFO, yeti, soviet military experiments, local tribes
Kim: But they all seem bullshit to me... 
Summary: A group of USSR student in the late fifties were found dead in deep Ural.
Dialogue: Lacy: <file_video>
Lacy: <file_video>
Lacy: you like?
AJ: 👀👀
AJ: more👌😍😍
AJ: I like😍😍
Lacy: ur just a dirty ol man
AJ: I make no apologies for that when I got a hot chic like u to send me hot vids like that
AJ: more PLEASE
AJ:😜😜😜😜😜
Lacy:<file_video>
Lacy:<file_video>
Lacy:😍
Lacy:<file_video>😍😍
AJ: u r a tease
Lacy: I no as if i was gonna take it off lol
AJ: u kill me but I love ya❤
Summary: Lacy is sending hot videos to AJ.
Dialogue: April: Have you got admission in AIMC
Larry: I am still waiting for the results
April: I thought It was released today
Larry: Is it?
April: Yeah
Larry: Ok TTYL then. i should go check it
April: Sure C ya
Summary: April is still waiting for her results regarding the admission in AIMC.
Dialogue: Katy: I'm at the entrance
Katy: where are you?
Lucy: as well, lol
Lily: I'm with Lucy
Jorge: I'm still in the library
Katy: but what entrance? of the library?
Lucy: no! the main entrance to the university
Katy: ok, i'll be there in 5 min
Summary: Katy is at the entrance. Lucy and Lily are at the main entrance of the university. Jorge is in the library. Katy will join Lily and Lucy in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Anne: Baby I can't go out tonight
Jimmy: whyyyy? :(
Anne: I think it's stomach flu
Jimmy: OMG NOOOOOOOOOOO
Anne: yes
Anne: I'm in pain
Jimmy: poor baby
Anne: :(
Jimmy: Can I do sth for you? Come by and take care of you?
Anne: Ugh, no, it's ugly
Anne: if you know what I mean
Jimmy: <3 I'm very sorry
Jimmy: and so is going to be Betty
Anne: I know wish her happy birthday for me
Jimmy: :* I will
Summary: Anne can't come to Betty's birthday party because of stomach flu.
Dialogue: Kate: Where are you? I'm a bit late
Tom: don't worry, the train is delayed 
Peter: yup. we're at Burger King next to the railway station
Peter: Just come here when you arrive
Kate: ok, i'm so relieved 
Tom: we're rather pissed off
Tom: it may happen we will miss the connection in Antwerp
Kate: Oh no, I thought it's going to be like 10min late
Tom: it was at the beginning but every 5 minutes it gets more and more
Peter: Now it's 25min 
Kate: Fuck
Tom: Apparently there was an accident close to Brussels 
Kate: I'm almost there
Tom: 👍
Summary: Peter and Tom are waiting for Kate who is a bit late at Burger King next to the railway station. There's a risk they'll miss the connection in Antwerp due to a 25-minute delay caused apparently by an accident close to Brussels. 
Dialogue: Gerardo: Do u know if the wifi is back at the restaurant area?
Erin: I don’t think it’s working. When you coming back?
Julia: Probably not but u can just work from h1 or h2 haha
Gerardo: Ill head back in ~30
Alex: Cool please text us when you guys leave so we can get ready
Summer: Take your time coming back. It’s too late for us to leave because we have calls later
Julia: :(
Eric: I'm down for a sunset surf sesh fo sho
Alex: Im working until 8:30/9 so probably will miss out on that, will go tomorrow if I can
Summer: Surfs great here <file_photo>
Luke: Heading down in 20
Eric: Budd is leaving. We have room for 2
Summary: There is still no internet around the restaurant. Gerardo will come back in half an hour. Summer can't leave because of work. Eric will go surfing. Alex can't go, he has to work late. Eric has space for 2 people. 
