Dialogue: Paulina: ok ok, hold on, I'll send you a picture of him 
Paulina: <file_photo>
Megan: ooooh, he's cute!! 
Paulina: haha, yeah I know!
Megan: Do you have any other pics?
Paulina: hmm hold up, let me check 
Megan: ok 
Paulina: Ok yes! This one is pretty good too!
Paulina: <file_photo>
Megan: haha yeah, I think he looks even better in this one 
Paulina: yeah, this is more what he looks like now 
Megan: ooo damn, so he's got long hair. that's cool
Paulina: ha, yeah I know, it's pretty great
Megan: alright alright, so you've just video called, do you know when you're going to meet?
Paulina: well, not sure. He said he might be in town next month, but that's not sure yet. 
Megan: next month?! 
Paulina: yea yeah, I know, it's a long time. 
Megan: Yeah, a little bit. 
Paulina: I know, but we talk basically every day. And he's really really cool. It's not like he can be here any sooner. And I'm in no rush, so it's not really a big deal. 
Megan: Hmm, yeah I guess, I mean whatever works for you!
Summary: He is really cool and Paulina talks to him basically every day. They will meet in person next month if he is in town.
Dialogue: Edric: i got 2 tix 4 hoops game 2moro
Briar: oh cool id like 2go. how much
Edric: nitch. got'em 4free but cant go
Charity: cool briar so were going
Summary: Charity and Briar will take Edric's tickets for hoops game tomorrow as he can't go.
Dialogue: April: what’s your decision regarding the test?
Thomas: what test
April: the one some of you wrote later 
Thomas: ooooh
Richard: didn’t we get the grades yet?
April: of course you didn’t
Richard: ooops..
Richard: how did we do?
April: I’m sure u did great
Richard: I see I see
Richard: how bout we forget about it then? :D
April: what about the rest of you?
Mary: hmmm... not so well then?
April: Don’t know. Haven’t checked yet
Mary: no risk no fun
Mary: check mine please :D
April: <gif_file> 
Mary: <3
Summary: Richard, Thomas and Mary wrote a test. April hasn't given out grades yet.
Dialogue: Lindsay: hi i'm on my way, should be 10 min late
Greg: ok i'm waiting here
Mary: me too, can't see you tho
Greg: by the entrance
Mary: which one
Greg: the one in the front
Summary: Lindsay will be 10 minutes late. Greg and Mary are already waiting.
Dialogue: Jorge: Hurry up, man
Dusan: I'm trying, I'm trying...hold on to your horses.
Jorge: If you don't get your ass down here, we're going to miss the show.
Dusan: Grrrrr
Summary: Dusan is on his way to the show he is going to watch with Jorge. 
Dialogue: John: Hi honey how are you now?
Mary: not much different..
John: i m so sorry i had to leave you in this condition?
Mary: No its ok i know it was urgent
John: did you eat something stale?
Mary: no...
John: then whats the reason of throwing up?
Mary: Dont know.
John: take appointment i will come back by 1 pm and we will go than
Mary: No... i think its something else..
John: what? is all ok?
Mary: yes.. just
John: just what baby? its nothing serious right?
Mary: oh no... i think i am.. i dont know if i should tell you here
John: comeon tell me .... i am so worried 
Mary: i think i am pregnant... but i am not sure
John: WHAT?? like in real
Mary:  i told you i am not sure.. 
John: i am coming in half an hour stay ready we are going to see doctor. i cant wait :Smile: 
Mary: dont be so excited i can get a test strip and check....
John: No i want doctor to give me the newsss 100% assurity.
Mary: lol your crazy
John: yes i am get ready noww..
Mary: ok
Summary: Mary thinks she's pregnant. John wants to take her to the doctor's to confirm it.
Dialogue: Curtis: Guys, do you know where mom keeps the colander?
Keith: Did you just create a group conversation to ask about a kitchen utensil? :D
Alma: It should be in the cupboard on the left. Top shelf probably.
Curtis: Thanks, sis.
Alma: You're welcome. I'm glad you're actually cooking something on your own ;)
Curtis: LOL, no, sorry, we're playing soldiers and I needed a helmet XD
Summary: Curtis is looking for the colander in the kitchen. He finds it thanks to Alma, who is also proud that he wants to cook something. In fact, he's just playing soldiers.
Dialogue: Bethany: new cover of Rocksound is lit
Bethany: <file_photo>
Abi: 😍
Abi: All Time Low and Frank Iero yasss
Bethany: definitely buying this one
Abi: me too
Abi: it has many posters with great bands inside
Bethany: killing two birds with one stone Ab
Abi: totally
Summary: Rocksound has launched a new cover. Bethany is going to buy the new cover. The new cover has posters inside.
Dialogue: Olga: Hey
Olga: how have you been doing? 
Jackie: hi Olga! 🤗
Jackie: Im good wbu? 
Olga: Doing fine
Olga: Probably looking for a new job 
Jackie: Why? 
Olga: Having a hard time here
Jackie: You've worked there for only 3 months
Olga: I know but this job isn't right for me
Olga: The boss is being harsh 
Jackie: I see
Jackie: Do what's the best for you 
Jackie: Maybe go talk to idk
Jackie: someone from work maybe? 
Olga: I did 
Olga: I will look at some better job offers
Jackie: Yea like you're young 🤗
Jackie: The whole world awaits
Olga: Haha thanks
Jackie: 🤗🤗🤗
Summary: Olga is looking for a new job after just 3 months in a new place. Her boss is harsh.
Dialogue: Bob: Congrats on your role as Ra's al Ghul in Gotham.
Han: The what now?
Bob: Ellie is binging it, which is a bit annoying.
Bob: But when Ra's came on screen the first time, we both asked "What the fuck is Han doing there?"
Han: Haha
Han: I'm famous!
Summary: Bob recognised Han as Ra's al Ghul in Gotham and congratulates him getting the role.
Dialogue: Mario: Do you know what to do with this case?
Jeff: I really don't know what to do
Jeff: I guess I'll have to pay
Jeff: and I'll pay a lot
Angelo: but we were also in the car
Andrew: exactly, we will share it with you
Andrew: but let's try to solve it otherwise first
Jeff: but how?
Andrew: Did you call the company?
Jeff: there is no number
Andrew: did you check if your Visa card doesn't cover it?
Jeff: it's a basic type, they don't cover anything
Andrew: so write this declaration for them
Mario: yes, do it
Mario: write them that you were in shock after you crashed the wall
Mario: and that's why you did not inform the company
Mario: you stayed in bed for a weak, traumatised by the accident
Jeff: Hans says my case is hopeless
Jeff: and I'll have to pay up to £5000
Mario: god, that's a lot
Summary: Jeff's car crashed into wall. Hans says Jeff will have to pay up to £5000. Angelo and Andrew were in the car too, so they want to share this expense. Mario thinks Jeff should try getting some money from the company.
Dialogue: Ronald: Hi mate
Clyde: Hello. Where are U?
Ronald: Kingston
Clyde: Get a taxi to Canterbury haha!
Ronald: Are you paying?
Clyde: yeh, if you get out of the taxi at the train station and run as fast as you can south, I'll meet you with some money ;)
Ronald: LOL :) 
Summary: Ronald is in Kingston.
Dialogue: Dan: plans 4 tonight?
Veronica: don't know, hasn't finish yet
Dan: ok, call me after
Summary: Dan asks if Veronica has any plans for tonight. She doesn't know and is currently busy.
Dialogue: Bill: Is everything ok with the computer?
Wendy: So far no problems :-) Thank you
Bill: Should anything happen, feel free to contact me.
Wendy: Ok. You've been most helpful. Have a good day.
Bill: Good day to you, too!
Summary: Everything is ok with Wendy's computer. Bill asks her to contact him in case anything happens. He has been already very helpful.
Dialogue: Raquel: Is that spreadsheet done yet?
Gary: No, give me another 15 minutes to double check everything. Okay?
Raquel: 15 minutes, no longer! I mean it!
Gary: I swear, it will be done.
Summary: Gary will finish the spreadsheet for Raquel in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Mike: I'm bored. Do you want to do something?
Paul: Yeah. But what?
Mike: Dunno. We could go out to the center and like hang out on Castle Hill.
Paul: I don't have any money.
Mike: We could just sit on the grass and check out the 'sights'.
Paul: We could. Can you led me the bus fare?
Mike: Yep. I'll come by yours in 15 min. Will you be ready?
Paul: fuck yeah!
Summary: Mike and Paul are going to Castle Hill in the center. Mike will lend Paul his bus fare. 
Dialogue: 
Summary: problem with visualization of the content
Dialogue: Kate: I love how men think they know better about anything
Kate: Like women are disabled and can do nothing well
Kate: My lovely George has just confirmed that. telling me I can't even think of changing the bulb in living room
Max: Lol. Maybe he has something else on his mind
Max: For example he wants to protect ya from electrocution because he knows the installation is faulty :D
Kate: Fuck you.
Kate: Solidarity of testicles
Kate: I knew you wouldn't understand
Max: Look, there are things we can't even compare ourselves to women
Max: Like your outstanding memory of shit that happened in the past
Max: You are a walking facebook memories tab
Kate: :/ You have such sexists sense of humour, I can't even express my dissaproval
Max: You see? You can't even express dissaproval properly;) ;)
Kate: Screw you!
Summary: Kate hates that men think they know better than women. Max believes there are things women are much better at than men.
Dialogue: Grace: How are things with the present project?
Lily: Well, I think I am opting for Dixit 
Grace: I think she might have it already
Lily: Yeah, she does but I was thinking about the extension, it was just released
Grace: Oh, sound right! Let's just split it half
Lily: Great, so I'll order it, might take a while before it's ready to pick up
Grace: Right, we have time till Friday, you think we can make it?
Lily: Yeah, I'll order to pick it up at the store
Grace: awesome, thanks
Summary: Lily will order Dixit extension for a present, and she and Grace will split the payment in half.
Dialogue: Jesse: Hi guys! Xmas is almost here!
Lee: I'm so happy :) I <3 Xmas!
Maxine: Me too :) Can't w8 4 the presents :)
Melvin: I don't like Christmas. 
Lee: Y? That's the best time of the year!
Maxine: Yeah! And the presents!
Jesse: Yeah, Melv, y?
Melvin: Last year my father died just b4 Xmas. 
Jesse: I forgot! Sry.
Melvin: Nah. I'm fine. But the magic's gone.
Lee: I can imagine. 
Maxine: Sry to hear that.
Summary: Melvin doesn't like Christmas because his father passed away before Christmas last year.
Dialogue: Ellison: hey did i leave my cap at your place the other night
Meg: you mean on Friday? i haven't found anything
Bishop: it was kind of bluish with a symbol on it?
Ellison: that the one
Bishop: got it. lucky didnt throw it to the bin 
Summary: Bishop found Ellison's cap that she had left the other night.
Dialogue: Natalia: Could you recommend a good breakfast place in Antwerp?
Anne: Jeremy may know something but he seems to be offline
Natalia: pity
Jeremy: here I am! Le Pain Quotidien
Jeremy: I know you don't like chains but I always it there in Antwerp
Natalia: but there are at least 3 of them
Jeremy: I always go to the one at Graanmarkt 6
Jeremy: I don't know if they have the same products and menu everywhere
Natalia: ok, thanks!
Summary: Jeremy recommends Le Pain Quotidien in Antwerp to Natalie to have breakfast. 
Dialogue: Abigail: I'm so tired I can't think anymore...
Avery: Get some rest, go lie down for a while.
Abigail: I can't. I have too much studying..
Avery: But it doesn't make any sense to study when you're so tired!
Avery: It's scientificaly proved!
Abigail: ...
Avery: I'm serious. GET SOME REST!
Abigail: maybe u r right...
Avery: of course I am!
Abigail: Okey, I'll try to get some sleep.
Avery: At last!!! Don't get up before 10:00! 
Summary: Abigail has a lot to study. She will try to get some sleep.
Dialogue: Peter: we should leave before the dusk 
Jennifer: sure, long before!
Patricia: so maybe we should start preparing
Peter: I'm downstairs, I've already started packing
Patricia: always so diligent 
Peter: this is how I am
Patricia: the perfect leader of this trip
Jennifer: so we're coming down as well to join you
Peter: good
Summary: Peter, Jennifer and Patricia should leave long before the dusk, so Patricia had already started packing. Peter and Jennifer are coming downstairs to join her.
Dialogue: Tangia: How was the first saxophone class?(@^^)/~~~
Tangia: Did you learn "do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si, do"?(*^0^*)
Yuette: No of course not. 
Yuette: Not yet(^^ゞ
Yuette: A bit of theory and how to make sound
Yuette: Most of the people couldn't make any sound 
Yuette: Cause you need to breathe with your abs
Tangia: Wasn't it challenging?
Yuette: It was!!!
Tangia: Didn't you say saxophone was expensive?
Yuette: Yes if you buy used one it costs 700 to 800 dollars but new one costs 1000 dollars
Tangia: Too expensive!!😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Tangia: Isn't there any thing for practice?＼(-o-)／
Yuette: It also costs 500 dollars but the instructor said it isn't a good idea to buy saxophone for practice
Tangia: Why so?(・∀・)
Yuette: Cause you cannot re-sell it and use it for a long time
Tangia: What if you don't wanna learn saxophone anymore?(p_-)
Yuette: Then you can sell it as a used one(ーー;)
Tangia: So do you think you don't need to sell your saxophone till now? XD
Yuette: Well I guess I should wait and see 
Tangia: Hahahaha😙😙😙 but nice you started to learn new instrument
Summary: Yuette's first saxophone class was challenging. Saxophones are expensive.
Dialogue: Patty: what are we doing for New Year's Eve?
Jill: I was just thinking about that... not to many prospects this year
Patty: Dean is having a party
Jill: Dean's parties are the worst :/
Patty: A little dull but he does have some cute friends
Jill: a trip to the seaside?
Patty: isn't everything booked?
Jill: we'll have to check.
Summary: Patty and Jill don't want to go to Dean's party for New Year's Eve. They plan a trip to the seaside, but everything can be already booked.
Dialogue: Mary: hello! good morning!!
Michael: good morning to you too
Mary: how's work?
Michael: boring, as usual
Michael: the office is almost empty today
Mary: you should do the new york times puzzle
Mary: that entertains me in boring times
Michael: nah it's not for me
Mary: why?
Michael: it makes me feel dumb
Michael: i never understand the clues
Michael: lots of mistakes, lot of trial and error
Michael: hate it
Mary: i do it every morning!!! :-D
Mary: I like to think it keeps my brain sharp
Mary: i'm about to finish it though but i need your help
Michael: let's see
Mary: what's a four letter word for russian refusal
Michael: mmmmmmm
Michael: let me think
Michael: I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!!
Michael: it's nyet!!!
Mary: thanks so much! i can finally finish this puzzle
Michael: you're welcome
Michael: it seems I'm not so dumb after all
Summary: With Michael's help, Mary managed to finish new york times puzzle.
Dialogue: Alexandra: Hi, could you send me a photo of that grammar tasks for tomorrow?
Nicole: Sure. Wait a sec:)
Alexandra: Great!
Nicole: Ok... Here it is
Nicole: <file_photo>
Nicole: Enjoyyy!
Alexandra: Ex 7-12, yes?
Nicole: Exactly:)
Alexandra: Its pretty difficult :/ You did it??
Nicole: Not yet
Alexandra: Ok
Nicole: But it’s based on what is in our textbook:)
Alexandra: Ok, many thanks :*
Nicole: Anytime:)
Alexandra: :)
Summary: Nicole sent Alexandra a photo of grammar tasks for tomorrow. Nicole hasn't done them yet.
Dialogue: Frank: Your mother is here!
Lucas: What??
Paula: Did you let her in?
Frank: I didn't have a choice.... 
Summary: Frank let Lucas' mother in.
Dialogue: Danielle: come to the icrem shop on 7th NOW!!!!
Amy: why?
Amy: are you okay? Is everything okay?
Danielle: yes! they're giving away free ice cream
Danielle: freeee iceeeee creaaaammmm!!!! Lol
Amy: am i sensing a sugar rush?
Danielle: maybe
Danielle: just come over, the line is huge but it's worth it
Amy: mmmmmmm
Amy: i have better stuff to do
Danielle: there's a couple of us in here
Danielle: chloe, katelin and karen
Amy: it would be nice to see them
Amy: i haven't seen them in ages
Amy: and free icre cream sounds great
Amy: ok, I'll be there soon
Danielle: YAYYYYY!
Summary: Amy will join Danielle, Chloe, Katelin and Karen in the ice cream shop on 7th now, as they are giving away free ice cream.
Dialogue: Cao: Hey were waiting with Mason inside the restaurant
Eva: Oh I will be right there
Kaleigh: Me too 
Summary: Cao and Mason are waiting inside the restaurant. Eva and Kaleigh will join shortly.
Dialogue: Delia: Hey Sandra, thanks for looking after Zoe for me - I know she had a great time today with Amy. She's still gushing on about the aquarium.
Sandra: It was my pleasure - Zoe's a real angel and I know for a fact that she and Amy or plotting to become legal sisters in some way.
Delia: It's lovely that the two of them are so close. However, I wanted to ask - did Zoe leave her red sweater at your house? 
Sandra: I can check, but so far nothing's turned up. I'll keep you posted though.
Delia: Thanks Sandra, that would be great.
Sandra: Delia - Ted's just told me that he found the sweater and has already packed it in Amy's bag, so she'll give it back to Zoe at school tomorrow. 
Delia: Thanks Sandra!! Take care. 
Summary: Sandra went to the aquarium with Amy and Zoe, Delia's daughter. Amy and Zoe are close friends. Ted found Zoe's sweater. Amy will give it back tomorrow.
Dialogue: Karen: how much do they charge for the car?
Victor: 30 per day
Frank: petrol not included?
Victor: No
Summary: They charge 30 per day per car, petrol excluded, as Victor says.
Dialogue: Andrew: What's up with all these swords in your house?
Nick: I've always been a fan of swords
Andrew: But why?
Nick: Don't know why
Nick: I just love it.
Nick: I've always thought it was more honorable than shooting someone from the roof 
Andrew: Maybe honorable but not very effective
Andrew: Snipers' main task is to kill someone fast and without detection
Andrew: Besides snipers are assassins. Not knights.
Nick: I love fantasy, I even like middle-ages and ancient times. I just like watching sword fighting and I like the way they present on the wall.
Andrew: Kk. I get it now.
Summary: Nick collects swords, which he prefers to guns. 
Dialogue: Violet: The evening was so nice!
Tabitha: that's true
Scarlett: and the pizza there was just amazing, the best in town I'd say
Benjamin: it is!
Violet: thanks Benjamin for organising it
Benjamin: was not easy, hahaha
Violet: I know!
Summary: Violet, Tabitha, Scarlett and Benjamin had a nice evening. Benjamin organized it. 
Dialogue: Tim: how's Des?
Amanda: usuall
Amanda: sleeping and driving me crazy
Tim: he's lovely
Amanda: sure, when he's not awake
Amanda: then he's a devil in cat skinn
Tim: <lol>
Summary: Des is nice when he is asleep and annoying when he is awake.
Dialogue: Ron: pizza for dinner?
Felicia: ok
Ron: I will order you will pay 
Summary: Ron offers to order pizza for dinner. He wants Felicia to pay.
Dialogue: Jack: OMG STANLEY IS DEAD
Oliver: Wtf?
Stanley: I'm alive and well, dude
Jack: I meant Stan Lee, damn autocorrect
Stanley: I guessed that XD Yep, everybody's posting about it right now :(
Summary: Jack is informing Oliver and Stanley about Stan Lee being dead. 
Dialogue: Fiona: <file_photo>
Fedora: Is that Carson?
Fiona: Carson with me haha
Fedora: You guys were dating!!
Fiona: Hahaha
Fiona: true old love
Summary: Fedora sees Fiona's photo of her and Carson and finds out they were dating. 
Dialogue: Suzie: DAMN CATS
Suzie: they ruined my couch 
Marilyn: :(
Marilyn: oh no, the new one??
Suzie: yeah...
Suzie: I'm gonna kill those bastards
Marilyn: there are some sprays 
Marilyn: repellents of some sort, maybe you should try them out?
Suzie: Maybe, but so far nothing has worked...
Marilyn: and do you cat their claws?
Suzie: Yeah, I'm trying to...
Suzie: they hate it and the usually run away
Marilyn: I've heard you can do it at a vet's
Suzie: Yeah, but you have to go there
Suzie: It's a whole trip
Marilyn: you poor thing
Marilyn: But they're also comforting and they purr, right? :D
Marilyn: <file_gif>
Suzie: Don't try to be cute with me right now
Suzie: Just help me kill them :D
Suzie: <file_gif>
Summary: Suzie is upset about her cats ruining her new couch. 
Dialogue: Peter: what are you doing?
John: i'm on my way to Lille. 
Peter: everything's fine? Did you arrive on time?
John: yes I'm now waiting to enter in the museum, so many people waiting. I should have buy my ticket in advance 😰
Peter: Enjoy the exhibition, i'm eating sushi with Leonor
Summary: John is on his way to Lille. He is queueing to enter the museum because he didn't buy a ticket in advance. Peter is eating sushi with Leonor.
Dialogue: Riley: hey :)
Riley: i need a favour - could you please watch the kids for 2 hours?
Riley: i need to do some shopping and if i leave them alone, they'll grind everything to dust
Jonathan: hi, sis :)
Jonathan: yeah, sure
Jonathan: just give me 10 mins
Riley: thanks a lot!!
Jonathan: no problemo ;)
Jonathan: you know that i absolutely adore them
Riley: and they're nuts about you :)
Riley: will you stay for dinner?
Jonathan: why not :) what's on the menu?
Riley: homemade hamburgers
Jonathan: sounds yummy :D
Summary: Jonathan will watch Riley's kids. He will stay for dinner. There'll be homemade hamburgers.
Dialogue: Oscar: we managed to record all of the first song and some of the third
Oscar: waiting for Oliver to record his parts now
Ethan: good job!
Ethan: was it difficult? :D
Oscar: after we sorted out all the problems with not working cables etc it was quick and easy
Oscar: :P
Ethan: haha :d
Oscar: John recorded almost everything in one take :D
Ethan: nice! so we need to wait for Oliver now
Ethan: i guess you're finishing in 2 weeks?
Oscar: are you here next week?
Ethan: yes
Oscar: yeah then in 2 weeks probably
Oscar: when you won't be here
Ethan: aye
Summary: Ethan asks Oscar about the progress in recording the music he is making with John and Oliver. Everything wil probably be finished in 2 weeks. Ethan will not be here at that time, because he will be here next week.
Dialogue: Mark: I still don't understand why they let him go.
Kevin: You're still not over that?
Mark: Well, he was my favorite player on the team.
Kevin: That was basically the last time they could get a decent price for him.
Kevin: His contract was going to end next year.
Mark: Money is not everything and without him the team will be a mess.
Kevin: It's not the first time they show that money is more important to them than results.
Mark: I know but that doesn't mean that I'm okay with it.
Summary: Mark is upset that the team he supports sold his favourite player. He thinks that it will not succeed without him.
Dialogue: Ollie: How is your Hebrew?
Gabi: Not great. 
Ollie: Could you translate a letter?
Gabi: From Hebrew to English maybe, the opposite I don’t think so
Gabi: My writing sucks
Ollie: Please help me. I don’t have anyone else to ask
Gabi: Send it to me. I’ll try. 
Summary: Gabi knows a bit of Hebrew, though her writing isn't great. She will try to help Ollie translate a letter.
Dialogue: Gemma: Wait what? When did you leave?
Zac: like two days ago! ^.^ This was after my mother argued with the 'admins' of JKH
Gemma: What happened?
Zac: My mum basically got fed up with the way they run the school, not sure about the details :/
Gemma: fair enough :( you okay with it though?
Zac: The change was hard, not gonna lie. Shook me something awful :P But it's all good now
Summary: Zac left school two days ago after his mother's fight with the administrators.
Dialogue: Philippe: where are you?
Agnes: we're waiting on the first floor
Philippe: where exactly?
Dolores: next to Promo Pizza
Philippe: k, I'm coming
Summary: Agnes and Dolores are waiting on the first floor next to Promo Pizza. Philippe is about to join them.
Dialogue: Ashley: Fuck you!
Josh: What did I do?
Ashley: You know what you did!
Josh: No, srsly!
Ashley: Anna told me!
Josh: Told you what?
Ashley: Stop playing dumb! Admit it!
Josh: But what?
Ashley: You cheated on me!
Josh: No! Never!
Ashley: Stop lying!
Josh: I'm not. What did she tell you?
Ashley: You slept with Payton!
Josh: I didn't! I swear! 
Ashley: You can't even admit it!
Josh: Listen, I didn't do anything. We had a coffee and that's it.
Ashley: I don't believe you! It's over!
Josh: No! Please! Let's talk about it!
Summary: Ashley has broken up with Josh on suspicion that he cheated on her with Payton. Josh is in denial.
Dialogue: Logan: guys, did you apply for the grant?
Rebecca: I did
Patty: I missed the deadline :(
Logan: Patty, but you had the best chance of us to get it
Patty: But I've been so busy the last days, I've barely slept even
Logan: but it took 10min to apply
Patty: but you need to write a letter of motivation and I just did things mechanically, always late everywhere
Logan: poor you, take a rest!
Patty: I think I will just stay in bed tomorrow
Logan: that's a great idea if you have no obligations tomorrow
Patty: I just don't give a shit anymore
Rebecca: take a meek off, not only a day
Patty: maybe you're right
Summary: Patty has been busy so she has forgotten to apply for a grant. She will spend tomorrow in bed because she is tired. Rebecca thinks a week off is a better idea.
Dialogue: John: Have you heard of the new dance wave? I'm writing an essay about it
Al: Yes, I think some call Clean Bandit & co. "new dance"
Allison: so it would be kind of a blend of classical and electro and dance?
Al: seems so...
Al: I don't really know
John: hmm, I'm just wondering now if this term really means anything, there is no wikipedia page about it
Al: wikipedia is not GOD
John: I know, but I think that the leader of the band called it once in an interview "new dance", at least I read it somewhere
Al: yes, but maybe the girl is just pushing her own idea
Al: they always want to be seen as geniuses and trendsetters
John: maybe you're right
John: I just cannot find this term anywhere, not even the interview
John: but you've heard the term apparently as well
Al: not sure now, really :P
Al: sorry
Summary: John is writing an essay about the new dance wave invented by Clean Bandit. Al is not quite sure if the term indeed exists or mean anything.
Dialogue: Luka: Mum!
Luka: I'm trying to read your instructions for the meal but can't understand a thing.
Emily: What's the problem this time?
Luka: What did you mean by preheat the oven?
Luka: Well I know what you meant by that but to what temperature?
Emily: 180 degree like always.
Luka: It's the first time I'm making this by myself!
Emily: Don't worry, it's really easy.
Emily: Just preheat the oven to 180 and put the dish for 30 minutes.
Luka: Okay, I'll try.
Emily: Just remember to cool it off after taking it out of the oven. You'll burn yourself otherwise.
Luka: Will do. Thanks!
Summary: Luka doesn't understand his mother's instructions how to prepare his meal. Emily advises him to preheat the oven to 180 degrees and warm the dish for 30 min.
Dialogue: Allison: Should i buy Headphones or air pods for you?
Xavi: Air pods
Allison: k
Summary: Allison will buy air pods for Xavi.
Dialogue: Katherine: Hello, sorry to disturb you
Katherine: 😕
Pabulo: Hi, no problem
Pabulo: what issue are you having?
Katherine: To be honest, I don't know what happened
Katherine: I think when my Skype account was set up some months ago, it was linked to an email address which I can't access 
Katherine: I need to update my security info, and I'm not able too
Katherine: <file_photo>
Katherine: That's the message
Katherine: No idea why its like this, it's prompting me to send a code to that email, with no other choice
Pabulo: Hmm..
Pabulo: That appears to be the email used when registering
Pabulo: Have you already made a request to receive the code?
Katherine: No, not yet, should I do that?
Pabulo: Yes, please, let me know once it's done
Katherine: Ok, done
Pabulo: Hmm.. I can't see that any code was received..
Katherine: Very odd :/
Katherine: Should I try again?
Pabulo: I think we have a problem
Pabulo: Does it give you an option to change the email address?
Katherine: No, It doesn't. On the Microsoft recovery page, I can only see my personal account
Pabulo: Do you mind if I access the Skype account? I will try to fix it
Katherine: Sure, the password is: 456789 and the user is: kljhg09ghjk
Pabulo: Ok, you now have one more month of access, you can try and login
Katherine: Perfect!! Yes, I managed!! Thank you so much!! 👏👏
Pabulo: Great 👍
Summary: Pabulo fixed Katherine's issue with Skype. 
Dialogue: Anne: Would you like to come to our place for a dinner tomorrow?
Trevor: what a nice idea!
Kyle: sure, we'll be pleased
Anne: great! Is 8PM good for you?
Kyle: unfortunately, I leave office about 7
Kyle: so we won't manage before 8.30
Kyle: I have to get home, change etc. 
Kyle: the traffic can be also quite horrible at that hour
Anne: right
John: 8.30 is also very good
Anne: sure
Anne: You're not vegan/vegetarian, are you?
Kyle: I am...
Anne: great, I'll have something you'll love
Kyle: how nice, it's always such a problem!
Anne: not for me! ;)
Summary: Anne suggested dinner at her place tomorrow. Kyle is not going to make it before 8:30 due to work and traffic. He doesn't eat meat which is not a problem for Anne.
Dialogue: Lang: so theress an xbox up for sale on ebay
Hugo: youve been looking for one since..
Hugo: last month?
Lang: yeah :D
Hugo: so? are you gonna take the offer?
Lang: im thinking about it
Lang: i mean i would have to spend some extra on the modification and stuff but.. 
Lang: its a good deal
Lang: what do you think?
Hugo: if its good for you.. 
Hugo: i say go for it
Lang: im going to have a look at its condition tomorrow
Lang: care to join me??
Hugo: sure. just text me when and ill show up
Lang: cool (Y)
Summary: Lang found an xbox on ebay. He's been looking for it for a month. Hugo and Lang are meeting tomorrow to assess its condition.
Dialogue: Avery: My phone is not being charged properly 
David: Ok i will bring it with me to get it repaired tomorrow
Avery: Thats what I was expecting from you :)
Summary: Avery's phone cannot be charged properly, so David will have it repaired tomorrow.
Dialogue: Paige: need a break, wine at my place?
Eliza: yes, please!
Paige: great, be at 8
Eliza: ok :)
Summary: Paige is coming to Eliza for wine at 8.
Dialogue: Franklin: Juan, I badly missed your jokes. Tell me a joke now.
Juan: Sure. Ok, tell me, how do you put an elephant in a fridge?
Franklin: I don’t know.
Juan: It’s easy. You just open the fridge and put it in. I have another question.
Franklin: Okay. Ask.
Juan: How to put the donkey inside the fridge?
Franklin: It’s easy. You just open the fridge and put it in.
Juan: No. You just open the fridge, take out the elephant and put the donkey inside.
Franklin: Oh ok.
Juan: Let me ask another one. If all the animals went to the lion’s birthday party and one animal went missing. Which one would it be?
Franklin: I don’t know
Juan: It’s the donkey. Because it’s still inside the fridge.
Franklin: Are you kidding me?
Juan: No Franklin. One last question.
Franklin: Ok.
Juan: If there is a river full of crocodiles and you wanted to cross, how would you?
Franklin: There is no way. I would need a boat to cross.
Juan: No man. You just swim and cross the river. Because all the animals including crocodiles went to the lion’s birthday party.
Franklin: It’s enough buddy, I never ask you to tell a joke again.
Summary: Franklin wants Juan to tell him a joke. Juan tells a joke about an elephant, a donkey, the lion and crocodiles. For Franklin it's enough and he doesn't want any other jokes. 
Dialogue: Melina: Hi, Just wanted to say thank you for favouriting me - it really means a lot :) Thanks again!
Jada: Hi! It's been a long time since we contacted each other-I think it's because of something in FictionPress. It happened to my other fellow writers too. So anyway, I just wanted to say hi. I haven't forgotten about you, dear first FictionPress buddy.  :D
Melina: Hey!! I'm so sorry for not being in contact with you. I keep meaning to write, and having to put it off because of something or another. So how are you? Written anything new recently? I recently wrote a poem which I most soon... And I'm glad you wrote :) xx
Jada: I'm great! Today at school we learned hockey, and I discovered that I pretty good as a striker, but not as a goalie. :P So I posted my story so far on FictionPress, and another story, and a story that was chosen to be sent to a competition. Unfortunately, that story did not make it to the finals. :D I'm fine about it. My teacher was still proud of me. So what's your poem about? I've been reading more FanFiction things, I like reading them. 
Melina: Nice... Hockey's fun, but I prefer basketball or running. You planning on joing any clubs? :)
Melina: Lately I haven't been writing as much :( My creative juices are running pretty low. But I'm going to have to check out your stories!! :) Had any reviews yet? ANd well done for getting one sent to that competition! As for winning... there's always other opportunities :)
Jada: Oh, believe me, I prefer running too... I can;t join any after-school clubs, because my dad didn't want to learn how to drive in Hong Kong, since Hong Kong drove on the opposite side of Shanghai, aka on the right side of the road. My dad was afraid his instincts might come back again and he might start driving on the left side of the road, so we didn't but a car. And I was too lazy to join any other clubs, and besides, Battle of the Books was just reading. Just reading and memorizing authors and book names, which didn't appeal to me, even though I love reading.
Summary: Jada favourited Melina. Melina wrote a poem. Jada posted some stories on FictionPress but didn't make it to the finals of the competition. She can't join any after-school clubs. 
Dialogue: Tina: so the tickets are 30 both ways...:D 
Tina: shall I buy them now?
Laura: How long u wanna stay?
Tina: 10 days or sth
Laura: shit, that's too long for me:/ :/
Laura: what if I wanna bb after 5 days? 
Tina: Lemme check the flights..
Tina: looks like there's one on 20 Jan <file_other>
Tina: so???
Laura: 14 - 20 Jan works for me.
Laura: I'm in :D
Tina: kk, I'm gonna buy them now
Tina: u want extra luggage? 
Laura: U mean checked ?
Laura: How much is it?
Tina: 10
Laura: ok, that's a good price
Tina: but wait, we've got a change so we need to pay 10 for each flight
Laura: that's ok with me anyway
Tina: cool, gonna get them now:D 
Laura: awesome <3 
Summary: Tina is going to buy the tickets. They are 30 both ways plus 10 for checked luggage for each flight. Tina and Laura are going to leave on 14 Jan and be back on 20 Jan. 
Dialogue: Isaac: Hey babe :)
Khadija: hi my love <3
Isaac: I just got off of work
Khadija: ooh goodie :)
Isaac: I'll pick up some dinner and come right over
Khadija: Can't wait <3
Khadija: see you soon :-*
Summary: Isaac has just finished work. He will pick up some dinner and come to Khadija soon.
Dialogue: Sabine: Hey gurll, got ya number from Mitch :) can you send me the pics from last nights party? :D
Frankie: You mean this?
Frankie: <file_gif>
Sabine: OMG WRONG NUMBER
Sabine: BUT THAT JUST MADE MY DAY HAHAH
Frankie: Glad to be of service ;)
Summary: Sabine sent a message to the wrong person. Frankie pranked Sabine, but Sabine found it very funny.
Dialogue: Jen: Check your email. I sent you something.
Paul: OK. I will when I get a chance.
Jen: Let me know what you think.
Summary: Jen sent Paul an email. Paul will check it later. 
Dialogue: Mark: hey so have you already seen altered carbon?
Judie: watched the trailer and tbh im buzzing to watch it... but i dont really have time
Mark: find time then!!
Judie: i will! <3
Mark: ive already watched it and now im hunting for the book it was based on
Judie: so there is a book too? damn, now i think i need to read it first...
Summary: Judie wants to watch "Altered Carbon". Mark has watched it already and wants to get the book it is based on.
Dialogue: Tom: Hey, you forgot your scarf yesterday
Tom: So you have an excuse to drop by :D
Jim: Haha. Sure. I'll handle myself without a scarf until tomorrow. 
Jim: I'll visit you "to get my scarf" after work if you know what I mean :D
Tom: Hahaha. Sure. See you then.
Summary: Jim has forgot his scarf yesterday. He'll visit Tom tomorrow after work to get it.
Dialogue: Renee: Just saying Hi. Thought of you this morning.Layla misses you. She is having knee surgery. Hope you are doing well.
Rachel: Renee! Hey! Whoa! So crazy that you wrote. I was literally thinking of you the other day as well. 
Rachel: I am doing really well, getting settled here and everything. Looking for a new job. 
Rachel: Layla is getting knew surgery?! What happened?
Renee: Her arthritis got really bad. I saw her limping every time we went out for a walk, and so I took her to the vet and they decided she needs surgery. 
Rachel: Oh wow. That is really intense. I am sending her lots of love.
Renee: Thanks Rachel. 
Renee: Here is a pic of Layla from this morning.
Renee: <file_picture>
Renee: She is all cute in her usual spot. 
Rachel: Ha! Yeah, I remember, she would always try to fit in there even though she's obviously too big
Rachel: 😂
Renee: Yeah, she's always getting into some sort of silly situations.
Renee: What kind of work are you looking for?
Rachel: Just the usual, something with teaching. I am not too stressed yet, I have some savings.
Renee: That's good, yeah, you don't want to have to feel pressured into taking a certain job. 
Renee: Just so you know, if you are ever back, you are more than welcome to come back and work for me. 
Renee: Layla is definitely missing you taking her on walks everyday. 
Rachel: Aw, yeah, I miss you guys too. Of course :) If I am ever back I will let you know! 
Summary: Layla the dog misses Rachel. She is having a knee surgery, because of arthritis. Renee sends a picture of her dog. Rachel getting settled and she's looking for a job in teaching. 
Dialogue: Paula: just leaving the hairdresser
Paula: be there in 15 minutes
Rachel: ahh come on Paula, the movie is already starting
Sally: haha told you she will be late
Sally: as usual :D
Paula: sorry :((( you know me... 
Summary: The movie has almost started but Paula is going to be late, as usual.
