Dialogue: Kluivert: hey son
Justin: hey dad
Justin: i arrived a few minutes ago BTW
Kluivert: ooh, your mom was worried, how is spain?
Justin: its amazing, im planning on visiting the  capital city tomorrow
Kluivert: im sure youll have fun in Madrid
Justin: yeah, im sure of it
Kluivert: okay then, take good care
Justin: i will
Kluivert: ok, you mom says hi
Justin: tell her ill call her when i settle down
Kluivert: okay then
Justin: ok
Summary: Justin has just arrived to Spain and he is visiting Madrid tomorrow. He will call mom when he settles in.
Dialogue: Mia: When will you be back home?
Robert: about 7
Mia: ok, let me know when you leave the office, I'll start cooking
Robert: :* you're amazing
Mia: :*
Summary: Mia will start cooking upon Robert's call.
Dialogue: Asia: Have you seen this? <file_photo>
Ola: Who is this?
Asia: Can't you see? Marysia.
Ola: She got engaged??
Asia: Obviously, they are in Warsaw for the whole weekend
Ola: She is still in high school....
Asia: Her FIANCE isn't :P
Ola: How old is he?
Asia: Filip's age, he finished university last year
Ola: What did her mom say?
Asia: How can I know? :P
Ola: She always acted older than her age, she was raised that way
Asia: I remember what I was like at her age. I couldn't even decide what university to go to, let alone get married 
Ola: You had an easy childhood :D
Asia: So did she...
Ola: What does her future husband do in life?
Asia: I know he wanted to become something connected with the army. He studied history.
Ola: Will you meet with them? Since they are in Warsaw?
Asia: I hope not, we are too busy anyway. I hope they have more important things atm :P
Summary: Asia and Ola are talking about Marysia who is getting married. The couple is in Warsaw now, but Asia is busy and will not meet them.
Dialogue: John: Ave. Was there any homework for tomorrow?
Cassandra: hello :D Of course, as always :D
John: What exactly?
Cassandra: I'm not sure so I'll check it for you in 20minutes. 
John: Cool, thanks. Sorry I couldn't be there, but I was busy as fuck...my stupid boss as always was trying to piss me off
Cassandra: No problem, what did he do this time?
John: Nothing special, just the same as always, treating us like children, commanding to do this and that...
Cassandra: sorry to hear that. but why don't you just go to your chief and tell him everything?
John: I would, but I don't have any support from others, they are like goddamn pupets and pretend that everything's fine...I'm not gonna fix everything for everyone
Cassandra: I understand...Nevertheless, just try to ignore him. I know it might sound ridiculous as fuck, but sometimes there's nothing more you can do.
John: yeah I know...maybe some beer this week?
Cassandra: Sure, but I got some time after classes only...this week is gonna be busy
John: no problem, I can drive you home and we can go to some bar or whatever.
Cassandra: cool. ok, I got this homework. it's page 15 ex. 2 and 3, I also asked the others to study another chapter, especially the vocabulary from the very first pages. Just read it.
John: gosh...I don't know if I'm smart enough to do it :'D
Cassandra: you are, don't worry :P Just circle all the words you don't know and we'll continue on Monday.
John: ok...then I'll try my best :D
Cassandra: sure, if you will have any questions just either text or call me and I'll help you.
John: I hope I won't have to waste your time xD
Cassandra: you're not wasting my time, I'm your teacher, I'm here to help. This is what I get money for, also :P
John: just kidding :D ok, so i guess we'll stay in touch then
Cassandra: sure, have a nice evening :D
John: you too, se ya
Cassandra: Byeeeee
Summary: John didn't show up for class due to some work issues with his boss. Cassandra, his teacher told him which exercises to do, and which chapter to study. They are going to meet up for a beer sometime this week after class. 
Dialogue: Aleks: Good evening, professor! I would like to ask about results of the last algebra exam?
Joshua: Hi, Aleks! Can you remind me which group you are?
Aleks: It's group number 2
Joshua: I still didn't check exams of your group yet
Aleks: When could we expect the results?
Joshua: I guess in about a week
Aleks: I understand, thank you for information. Have a good night!
Summary: Aleks wanted to know the exam scores but Joshua hasn't checked his group yet. They will be available in a week or so.
Dialogue: Brittney: sorry, i couldn't come today
Alvin: i know, no problem
Brittney: i really wanted to come 
Brittney: but i had so much homework ;(
Alvin: :*
Alvin: u ok?
Alvin: i got the impression you're really depressed
Brittney: yeah i'm not feeling too sexy...
Alvin: can i help you somehow?
Alvin: need a hug or sth?
Brittney: i don't know, Al
Brittney: i really don't know
Brittney: i guess i'm just tired 
Brittney: all the stress at work and with the kids and now the party
Brittney: it's just too much 
Alvin: do you need me to take care of the kids sometimes?
Alvin: don't worry about the party, we'll do fine without you being there
Alvin: just come to the party itself:)
Alvin: it'll chill you out :)
Brittney: I really don't think i'm in the mood
Alvin: come on. i'll take care of the kids tomorrow afternoon, you can go to a beautician or sth
Alvin: it will do you good :)
Alvin: and then on friday the paaartyyyyyyy!!
Brittney: you know what, maybe it's a good idea.
Brittney: i'll get the kids ready by 4pm
Alvin: perfect! :D
Brittney: thanks hon ;*
Alvin: at your service:)
Summary: Alvin will take care of Brittney's kids tomorrow afternoon. She will get them ready by 4 pm. Brittney will go to the party on Friday with Alvin.  
Dialogue: Kate: HELLLO???  i can hear you when you are saying hello hello?  
Wendy: but i cant hear you.. i think my phone has become deaf!
Kate: your phone or you? lol
Wendy: lol... my phone fell so i think its deaf now...
Kate: put on hearing aids then?
Wendy: what? you mean earphones?
Kate: yess
Wendy: would that work?
Kate: i guess
Wendy: let me try 
Kate: ok 
Wendy: it workedd!! :D:D thank you buddy! what will i do without you...
Kate: yes what will you do without me!! i thought you were calling me
Wendy: oh lol i called mom to check ..calling you now
Summary: Wendy advises Kate to use earphones to make sure she can have a proper conversation on the phone. Kate calls her mom to check if it works.
Dialogue: Colin: Rick, we still looking for an additional person for the trip
Colin: you're sure you don't want to come?
Rick: I would like to
Rick: but unfortunately I can't
Colin: that's a shame
Colin: I know you were looking forward to it last year
Rick: yeah but life happened and I need to stay at home this year
Rick: maybe next time
Colin: okay
Summary: Rick can't go on the trip that is organised by Colin.
Dialogue: Mercy: what r u doing nex weekend?
Gwen: why?
Mercy: I was thinking a little trip?
Gwen: <file_gif>
Gwen: where? :D
Mercy: some lake in the forrest? I wanna rest
Gwen: great idea :D I'm in. U have sth in mind?
Mercy: I'll find the place
Gwen: and I?
Mercy: u can buy some food and stuff
Gwen: ok, someone else is comming?
Mercy: no, unless u want someone
Gwen: not realy :)
Summary: Gwen and Mercy are going away to a lake in the forrest. Gwen is going to buy food.
Dialogue: Harold: Since it's my last day, I brought cookies!
Patty: Awesome!
Harold: They are in the breakroom, get em while they last.
Patty: That's so nice of you!
Harold: I know! LOL!
Patty: We're going to miss you.
Harold: That's nice! I'll miss you guys too!
Summary: It's Harold's last day, he brought cookies.
Dialogue: Jude: Did you say you’re going to take a vacation next month?
Ruth: Yes, my family and I are going to New York for a week. Can't wait for it, never been there.
Jude: I envy you. I haven’t had a vacation for a long time. I wish I could get away for a while.
Ruth: You can take a vacation sometime soon, can’t you?
Jude: No, there’s too much work to do. Maybe next year, though.
Summary: Ruth is going for a 1-week vacation to New York with her family.
Dialogue: Allyn: So where are we going tonight?
Pricilla: Idk, first the bar and then the club
Allyn: But which ones xD
Pricilla: All the places will be full because it’s Friday, so maybe OneTwoFree, it’s not so popular yet.
Allyn: Yup it makes sense. But I wanted to check out this new place, hows it called?
Pricilla: Monkey Inc.
Allyn: Yea, they say there very good shots
Pricilla: Ok, so let’s go there right before the club, just to check it out, drink some shots and leave
Allyn: Sure :D
Pricilla: Will it be far away from OTF?
Allyn: Not sure, I need to check
Allyn: Not bad, ten minutes
Pricilla: Great, it’s like two cigarettes
Allyn: Haha yes xd
Allyn: And the club
Pricilla: I think only Harem makes sense, I’m not in the mood for those crazy people in Rosalie
Allyn: Yea, there’s always sth going on…
Pricilla: So we have a detailed plan for tonight :D
Allyn: Now it’s time to GET READY!!
Pricilla: Actually I hate it xp
Allyn: What? Getting ready?
Pricilla: Yupp I’m always so nervous
Pricilla: Like the last time I almost killed my cat
Allyn: Lool, edgy :D
Allyn: I love it, choosing clothes and makeuuuup…
Pricilla: Eh it’ll be another tough evening
Allyn: But the night will be… awesome :D
Summary: Allyn and Pricilla are going to the OneTwoFree and Monkey Inc. bars and then the Harem club tonight. It's only a 10 minutes distance between the last two.
Dialogue: Jessie: I'm here!!!
Jessie: the flat is nice
Jim: and your flatmates?
Jessie: I've only seen one, a Korean girl
Jim: :)
Jessie: Her name is Jee and she has crazy kitchen equipment
Jim: that's a good one to have around :D
Jessie: okay I'm gonna unpack a little more
Jim: keep in touch :*
Summary: Jessie is unpacking at her new flat. She has met her Korean flatmate, Jee. Jee owns a lot of kitchen equipment.
Dialogue: Jerry: Hi Gina, do you have a moment?
Gina: Hi, not now. In half an hour, ok?
Jerry: Okey!
Summary: Gina will talk to Jerry in half an hour.
Dialogue: Marilyn: I hate Valentines
Marilyn: why are all good men taken
Jeffrey: I'm single
Marilyn: well
Marilyn: you're also extremely gay
Jeffrey: can't argue with that lol
Marilyn: yeah, so I meant someone who'd date ME
Jeffrey: all these guys must be blind, you're great and I'd totally date you if I were straight >:(
Marilyn: lol thanks
Jeffrey: what do you say we binge watch sth on Netlifx tonight?
Marilyn: I'm not about to say no to that
Summary: Jeffrey and Marylin will binge watch something on Netflix tonight.
Dialogue: Laura: Do you want to go to the cinema with me?
Steve: Why? Patrick doesn’t want to?
Laura: Didn’t even ask him
Steve: So I’m your option one today? What a miracle!
Laura: What is your problem Steve?
Laura: I thought you liked my company
Laura: I like yours.
Steve: Oh I do like, maybe even too much. That’s my problem. 
Summary: Laura wants to go to the cinema with Steve, not with Patrick. Steve likes Laura very much.
Dialogue: Jose: Are you in the hotel?
Maria: yes, in our room, 3 of us
Jeff: why? wanna come?
Jose: they won't allow me in
Tommy: why?
Jose: Cubans can't enter the hotel
Maria: bullshit
Jose: I know it, you know nothing about Cuba
Jeff: should I get outside and bring you in?
Jose: I would prefer to meet in the city
Jose: They shouldn't see me there
Maria: Gosh, Jose, but it's too hot now
Jose: no! it's chilly actually
Tommy: man, if it's chilly, I am Fidel Castro
Jose: LOL
Jose: so when will you be able to go out?
Maria: after 5PM?
Maria: now it's just unbearable
Jose: ok, I'll write you where we can meet
Jeff: good!
Summary: Maria and Jeff are in their room. Jose can't come, because he's Cuban. They will come out after 5 pm when it's cooler. Jose'll write where they can meet.
Dialogue: Aline: Ali, where did you put the keys to the basement?
Ali: Oh, I have them with me... Sorry, I forgot to out them back...
Aline: ...
Aline: What time are you coming back?
Ali: 7:00
Aline: Don't do that again, please...
Summary: Aline wonders where Ali left the keys to the basement, and he has them with him. Ali is coming back at 7:00, which Aline isn't happy about. 
Dialogue: Daniel: You should try base jumping.
Kaylee: no way... I'm scared of heights.
Daniel: it's a pity, I've got tickets for chicken feed.
Kaylee: You've got to find someone else.
Summary: Daniel tries to talk Kaylee into trying base jumping, he's already got tickets, but Kaylee won't go with him, because she's afraid of heights.
Dialogue: Chaima: heeeey! can you help me choose a dress for my birthday party next week please?
Chaima: I am running out of ideas
Meriem: sure! let me see what you have chose so far
Chaima: here you go <file_photo>
Chaima: <file_photo>
Chaima: <file_photo>, this one is my favorite, but I feel like I would look fat in it 😂
Meriem: humm... white is tricky that's for sure..
Meriem: I am not a huge fan of these dresses to be honest... they are outdated... where the hell do you shop?
Chaima: La Redoute
Meriem: 😂😂😂 okey mommy! now I understand
Meriem: girl, go to Asos, Misguided, Boohoo... you'll look like an Instagram baddie 🔥🔥
Chaima: girl, I am thirty! no 15 anymore
Meriem: damn girl! 30 is YOUNG! you don't have to dress very sexy and revealing to be trendy! smh
Chaima: true... 😏😏 I am such a granny!
Meriem: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Meriem: see, classy, trendy!
Chaima: WOW!
Summary: Meriem is helping Chaima choose a dress for Chaima's birthday party next week. She suggests brands like Asos, Misguided, or Boohoo.
Dialogue: Jamie: I can’t take this anymore
Sara: What happened?
Jamie: Mikey cried ALL night Ihaven’t slept properly in months
Sara: poor new mama :(
Jamie: I feel like the worst person in the world but I hate it I really hate it
Sara: You’re just down Jamie, a lot of new mothers experience that
Jamie: Not this hard
Sara: I know it seems like this but trust me it will go away
Jamie: <file_gif>
Sara: yes if sending me baby crap helps go ahead
Jamie: :(
Sara: You know what? You pump some milk and put it in the fridge. I’m coming over, you’re taking a shower and going to get a manicure
Jamie: really??
Sara: Sure!! I know Ben’s not much help being away all the time
Jamie: no he’s not
Sara: are you crying
Jamie: yes
Sara: I’m on my way :*
Jamie: hurry!
Sara: <3
Summary: Jamie feels like she is the worst mom, because she hates how hard it is to take care of a newborn, Mikey, who cried all night. Ben is not helping much, so Sara will come and watch the baby, while Jamie will get some rest.
Dialogue: Anna: hey do you know anyone who works in the gaming industry?
Alex: I might know someone
Alex: but you know where I work
Anna: yeah I know
Alex: if you were asking about the food industry, restaurants then I'm your man
Anna: yeah but maybe you know someone
Alex: I think I can hit one guy up 
Alex: and I might be able to help you out
Anna: I would be really greateful
Alex: But why are you asking?
Anna: I really need a change
Anna: so I thought about changing jobs
Alex: so the gaming industry
Alex: interesting you've always been an avid gamer
Anna: yeah exactly I love it
Anna: and I have to do something I love 
Alex: yeah that's the definition of happiness
Anna: yeah cuz I can't stand my job anymore
Alex: I'll ask around and get back to you
Summary: Anna needs someone who works in the gaming industry and Alex may know someone. She needs to change her job and is thinking of the gaming industry as she's always been an avid gamer and loves it. 
Dialogue: Kelly: I need you guys! i'm feeling down! :(
Sam: what's wrong babe?
Kelly: i went on a date with Tom yesterday evening and thought he was gonna pop the question :(
Grace: but he didn't?
Kelly: No :(
Grace: why did you think he was gonna do it?
Kelly: don't know just had that feeling and he called it a special date..
Sam: so you thought he meant the ring!
Kelly: yeah.. silly me! :(
Grace: why did he call it special then?
Kelly: we went to a very popular restaurant which you have to book weeks in advance!
Grace: did you tell him?
Kelly: nope! 
Grace: oh dear! :(
Sam: should have told him!
Summary: Kelly is sad, because Tom didn't propose to her during a date yesterday. They went to a fancy restaurant in which a table has to be booked weeks in advance.
Dialogue: Betty: I found an abandoned little dog
Betty: <photo_file>
Sandra: Cute! 😍
Betty: Unfortunately I cannot keep her 😢
Betty: My place is way to small
Ashley: I cannot take her but I'll ask my friends
Betty: Thanks Ashley 😘
Summary: Betty found an abandoned female dog but she cannot keep it due to not enough space in her flat. Ashley cannot either, but is going to look for home for a dog amongst her friends.
Dialogue: Rudy: <file_photo>
Rasheed: Damn! When was this one taken? 2010 or something?
Rudy: Yeah, July 2010
Rasheed: Shit, so many years and still it seems like yesterday
Rudy: I know
Rudy: <file_photo>
Rasheed: Hah, Jennifer looked so different back then
Rudy: Yeah, the curly hair and those glasses
Rasheed: We're old, man
Rudy: Yep, but at least she's still the most beautiful woman in the world XD
Rasheed: Too bad she friendzoned us both years ago XD
Summary: Rudy and Rasheed are watching their old photos from 2010 and reminiscing on their old love.
Dialogue: Mia: Are you going to the party
Philip: no way, I can't drink anymore, I almost died yesterday
Ella: hahaha, I will go with you Mia
Summary: Philip isn't going to the party, but Ella will go with Mia.
Dialogue: Craig: thanks to those FOUR of you who did send essays
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Carrie: well.. I guess you could have expected that….
Craig: …
Mark: i was planning on sending all of them at one go next week
Craig: yeah right. send them then next week.
Carrie: <file_gif>
Craig: <file_gif>
Summary: Mark will send his essays next week.
Dialogue: Camilla: Have you asked him finally?
Ava: yeah
Ava: and i wish I hadn't
Camilla: Why??
Camilla: Has he had any nasty breakups?
Ava: mhm
Ava: and what's worse, he dated 3 girls that I know
Ava: and believe me, I look like a troll compared to them
Ava: now I feel jealous, suspicious and generally like a piece of shit :(
Camilla: Oh, come on, you're great!
Camilla: You're a beautiful, well-educated, cultured woman, I'm pretty sure you're far better than his exes.
Camilla: All in all he's chosen you. ;)
Ava: :/ it was just a bad idea
Ava: I should have never asked him about his past
Summary: Ava regrets asking her partner about his relationship history. He has had a few unpleasant break-ups and used to date three beautiful girls Ava knows. 
Dialogue: Marty: I know what it means for me to go on a date, but for a married couple?
Bernie: Are you swinging?
Chris: Nothing like that! We just go out, as if we were dating. We go to restaurants, cafes, exhibitions and so on.
Marty: I thought the whole point of having a wife was that you wouldn't have to do it anymore.
Bernie: Don't tell mine you're doing this, 'cause she'll want to do the same thing.
Chris: Actually, mine says it's good for our relationship.
Marty: And you agreed to this? She's got you wrapped around her finger so hard, you don't even notice it anymore.
Chris: Not true! One time I made her come with me to a football game ;) We have an agreement that each week the other one chooses what we do :)
Bernie: So what are you going to do next week?
Chris: She'll like it ;) we're going to play paintball :)
Marty: Count me in!
Summary: Chris and his wife are going out together regularly. Each week the other one chooses what to do. They're going to play paintball next week. Marty is interested in joining them.
Dialogue: Nadine: I have a big favor to ask you
Robert: sure, what's up?
Nadine: could you vacuum our place when you get back?
Robert: I'll try to do this today or tomorrow morning
Nadine: but vacuuming tomorrow morning would wake me up
Robert: ok I'll do my best to do this today
Nadine: thx ;*
Summary: Nadine wants Robert to vacuum the place today. Robert would rather do it tomorrow morning but it might wake Nadine up.
Dialogue: Rudy: 7 yrs! Time to reactivate the group :)
Gary: 7 yrs :O
May: reunion time!
Paula: defo! Berlin?
Gary: a bit far from me from Chicago :)
May: China here!
Paula: China? I didn't even know you were there. What a terrible friend I am :(
May: Yeah, I've been here since Jan, I'm teaching 800 chinese kids, all sort of crazy going on
Gary: That is so impressive! Do yyou like it there?
May: First 3 months were super tough, huge culture shock, I'm slowly getting used to it now. Planning to stay 2 more yrs
Summary: Rudy, Gary, May and Paula haven't seen each other in 7 years. Paula is in Berlin, Gary in Chicago, and May works as a teacher in China. She's planning to stay there for 2 more years.
Dialogue: Kate: <file_photo>
Manuel: how beautiful!!!
Kate: <file_photo>
Jeff: If I was there i would just jump into this emerald water
Kate: the colour is amazing, but it's really cold
Jeff: I guess so, fresh mountain water
Kate: exactly, I entered it and managed to stay there like 3 minutes
Kate: it's not even that warm here
Jeff: is it already in Laos?
Kate: Yes, very close to the Thai border though
Jeff: is Laos cheaper?
Kate: yes, I'd say so
Kate: but of course Thailand is very nice as well
Summary: Kate is in Laos, but it's not really warm. The water there is emerald, but really cold. She managed to stay in it only for 3 minutes. Laos is cheaper than Thailand.
Dialogue: Fisher: What's the plan for tonight. ?
Zuri: Staying  at home. And studying. U?
Fisher: Ok good haha. I'm also at home
Summary: Zuri and Fisher are staying home and studying tonight.
Dialogue: Midge: so where is this place
Kim: Half empty - 123 23rd street
Midge: ok be there in a bit
Summary: Midge will join Kim at Half empty - 123 23rd Street.
Dialogue: Caroline: I don't feel like going out tonight
Victoria: ok, let's meet some other day;)
Caroline: Sunday?
Victoria: hmm.. I'll call u once I get to know my schedule,ok?
Caroline: kk no stress;-)
Summary: Caroline doesn't feel like going out tonight. Victoria will check her schedule and confirm whether they can meet on Sunday.
Dialogue: Karoline: shopping tomorrow?
Taylor: sure
Karoline: great, need some stuff :)
Summary: Taylor is going shopping tomorrow and Karoline needs some stuff. 
Dialogue: Michelle: OMG! OMG! OMG! Got news!
Rachel: C'mon! Spit it out!
Michelle: You won't believe it!
Rachel: But what?
Michelle: I can't believe it! So excited! 
Rachel: Don't leave me hanging! Tell me.
Michelle: You remember Monica? 
Rachel: Yeah. The ugly one?
Michelle: That's the one! 
Rachel: What about her?
Michelle: Well, we had an office party two months ago... 
Rachel: So?
Michelle: She got drunk and became really friendly with Ross... 
Rachel: How friendly? :)
Michelle: Like really friendly. Touching, kissing and so on... 
Rachel: So? C'mon!
Michelle: It turns out she's pregnant! 
Rachel: You don't say!
Michelle: Yeah! I know! 
Rachel: She told him yet?
Michelle: I don't think so. But there's more! 
Rachel: More? This is going to be good!
Michelle: Good? That's delicious!
Rachel: So?
Michelle: Ross is "happily" married ;) 
Rachel: I just spilt some water!
Michelle: I know!
Rachel: Keep me posted!
Michelle: Oh, I will. I will. Need to find out more. :) 
Summary: Monica made out with Ross at an office party two months ago. Now Monica is pregnant. Ross is married. 
Dialogue: Ben: Hi, Mom.
Mom: How are you feeling.
Mom: Still coughing?
Ben: Not much.
Ben: But I am not heathy yet. Can't go to school.
Mom: I know, honey. You'll stay home till Monday.
Ben: Right. It's freezing out there.
Mom: It sure is, hon.
Ben: Speaking of which. There's plenty of birds outside.
Ben: I can see them through the window.
Mom: Make sure you have a sweater on, hon.
Ben: I do. About the birds.
Mom: What about them.
Ben: Can I give them the leftover pizza from last night.
Mom: I don't think that would be best food for them.
Ben: I liked it.
Mom: I'll get something more suitable for them when I'll get back.
Mom: You stay put until then.
Summary: Ben is still sick and he'll stay home till Monday. There is a lot of birds outside, so Mom will get something to eat for them, when she'll get back.
Dialogue: Karl: Hi Pipa, don't miss your train
Pipa: don't worry, it's at 3:40pm
Karl: you never know..
Pipa: that's right 😀
Karl: if you don't ear your alarm..
Pipa: don't worry, i'll ear it, because no train means no concert
Karl: you'd be very good if you manage to miss you train
Pipa: have a nice week end. I'll send you pictures
Summary: Karl doesn't want Pipa to miss the train. The train is due at 3:40 pm.
Dialogue: Margaret: I slipped on the ice and fell ;(
Jeffrey: OMG are you okat??? do you need help???
Margaret: I'm not sure, it feels like I broke my hip... but I hope it's nothing, I've never broken anything
Margaret: I'm almost home now, some nice man walked me all the way to the shopping mall
Margaret: But I still feel like crying a little... Could I ask you to buy some groceries for me?
Jeffrey: sure thing! just text me the list, you stay at home and rest for now!
Summary: Margaret has had a fall and needs Jeffrey to help her with some groceries. 
Dialogue: Marry: the fog today is awful
Ben: I know, u can't see in 1m distance
Marry: u sure u wanna go today?
Marry: it is dangerous to drive a car like that
Ben: don't worry, I'll be carefull
Marry: I know, but the others I don't trust
Ben: I'll be alright, let u know when I get there
Marry: ok, be carefull!
Ben: Love u!
Summary: There's a thick fog today. Marry is worried about Ben driving, but he will drive anyway. Ben will let Marry know when he gets there.
Dialogue: Donald: Hey
Donald: You think we have to fill in page 4?
Marie: I actually dont know
Marie: Let me ask Ash Vercammen
Donald: Maybe she knows
Marie: From what I understand
Marie: Only non-residents of Alberta
Marie: have to fill it in
Donald: its related to taxes right?
Marie: Yea
Marie: But I am still making sure 
Donald: Let me know when she answers
Marie: Are we handing it in tomorrow? 
Donald: Yes
Donald: By 3pm
Marie: omg
Marie: Okay 
Donald: :) 
Marie: I will get back to u
Summary: Marie will ask Ash Vercammen if Donald and her have to fill in page 4. They have to hand it in tomorrow by 3 pm.
Dialogue: Pilar: hey, dont forget about the track work theyre doing today. you might want to take another route
Clarissa: thats right. thanks for reminding me.
Pilar: i myself forget and ended up regretting it
Clarissa: how long did it take u to get home?
Pilar: about 40 minutes longer
Clarissa: yeesh. im sorry
Pilar: its ok. its my own fault
Summary: Pilar reminds Clarissa about the track work on the road and recommends her to choose another route.
Dialogue: Jay: Mike, there's a promotion on humble bundle atm.
Jay: If you sing up for their newsletter, you can get a free game.
Jay: It will work even if you're already signed just remember to do it before the end of the 27th.
Mike: I'll check it when I'm back at my place.
Mike: Thanks!
Jay: No problem.
Summary: Jay suggests Mike that he should sign up for the newsletter in order to get a free game on humble bundle. Mike will check it when he's back at his place.
Dialogue: Betty: Hey love, do you know any good place where I can get my nails done?
Rebecca: A few yes, no problem :) It depends on what you want.
Betty: Hybrid. The last place I've been to destroyed my nails, so I need to find something better.
Rebecca: What happened?
Betty: I don't really know what they did wrong, but maybe they used bad products?
Rebecca: Sometimes it's about the method. Were they taking off the previous one?
Betty: Yes.
Rebecca: So maybe they didn't know how to do it properly, it can destroy the nail plate.
Betty: Good to know :( It took me half a year to grow them back.
Rebecca: Oh my, poor you. I usually go to one place, but they tend to be really busy. Depends on when you want to have them done.
Betty: It doesn't have to be today, but I'm going to a wedding on Saturday so...
Rebecca: Will send you their number anyway, here's there Fb page <file_other>
Rebecca: Try them <file_other> and them <file_other>, been there as well and it was all right.
Betty: Thank you so much!
Betty: Owe you a coffee dear :)
Summary: Betty is coming to a wedding on Saturday and is looking for a place where she can get manicure. Rebecca will send her contact details to one place she recommends.
Dialogue: Marge: tell grace im not comin 2day
Parton: ru ok?
Stanton: marge, would u miss?
Marge: ill tell u l8r and call grace 2moro. have fun
Summary: Marge is not able to come today.  She will call Grace tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Ruth: Chris, don't forget about Nathan's appt
Chris: Today?
Ruth: Yes, I told you last night! 4:30
Chris: Oh boy,  I'm gonna have to leave work early.
Ruth: Just tell them you'll work it off later at home.
Chris: Fine, just tell him to be ready at 4
Summary: Chris is having an appointment with Nathan today at 4:30.
Dialogue: Leo: Hello grandpa, can you come over and help me do my maths? please
Leo: Grandpa, are you there?
Grandpa: Hello Leo! I didn't notice your message at once. So you need help?
Leo: Dad is busy and mom doesn't know
Grandpa: But you know it's quite late now. By the time I'm at your place it will be midnight. Do you need my help NOW?
Leo: No tomorrow will do
Grandpa: OK, kid. I'll be there when you come back from school tomorrow.
Leo: You are the best!
Leo: Thank you
Grandpa: Sleep tight, kiddo!
Summary: Grandpa will help Leo tomorrow afternoon.
Dialogue: Terry: If you're looking for ideas what gift would make me happy for my birthday
Terry: <file_photo>
Terry: My wallet has just broken
Henry: Haha. Maybe it'll bring you luck.
Henry: Thanks for info. Maybe I will use it as a good idea.
Henry: However, I have also something else in my mind so I'll yet to decide.
Terry: :)
Terry: I can't wait :D
Henry: Patience. Patience my friend.
Terry: I never had it, and there is little chance I ever will.
Henry: Heh. True. 
Summary: Terry has a suggestion for his birthday gift, but Henry already had a different idea. He will let Terry choose.
Dialogue: Mary: Where are you know
Theresa: on the way, close to Cambridge
Guto: So in an hour we're there
Mary: perfect :)
Summary: Theresa and Guto are on the way, close to Cambridge. They will be there in an hour. Mary is waiting. 
Dialogue: Karen: I don't know what to do
Sam: With the whole situation or something in particular?
Karen: I don't know, I guess what bothers me most is that my dad is so stubborn
Sam: But your mum's too soft, too
Karen: I know!!! I keep thinking about it and calculating whether a divorce is the best option
Sam: And what do you have so far?
Karen: Christmas would be awkward
Sam: Sure
Karen: Money is somewhat tight at the moment
Sam: That too
Karen: But you know what? I feel like they could be really happy if they split up
Sam: Sure, 60 is what 40 was some time ago. They could have nice lives, even romantic ones
Karen: Yes but then here comes my dad's stubbornness and my mum's not being very decisive
Sam: Maybe if you gave her a push? She seems more miserable from the two of them
Karen: I am giving her a constant push, nothing works
Sam: Have you tried to get her drunk?
Karen: I did
Sam: And what happened?
Karen: She cried and said she was afraid
Sam: What's Josh's role in all that?
Karen: Josh is being Josh
Sam: that punk.
Summary: Karen is worried about her parents' possible divorce. Her father is stubborn and her mother is too soft, even though Karen tried to encourage her to be more decisive.
Dialogue: Mary: How is you day?
Betty: I'm good, still at the office, no idea about others
Sean: Me too, we got new laptops in our department, so kind of Christmas atmosphere
John: Yes, mine is even broken already!
Sean: hahaha, coca-cola!
Janet: Are they MacBooks?
John: this is pretty funny actually
John: They promised some apple stuff, but got us hp
Sean: I really prefer this, I'm a big enemy of apple
Mary: why?! I love them, they are so cute
Sean: Exactly: it's all about design and showing off
Mary: They have also great memory and batteries
Sean: but you can get the same elswhere for much less money
Sean: they are way overrated
Mary: don't destroy my believes 
Sean: but I really thing the sooner people stop believing in them, the better
Mary: :(
John: yes, Sean is a big anti-apple fighter on a mission
John: actually it's a mortal combat 
John: <file_gif>
Summary: Betty is at the office. There are new hp computers in Sean's department. John's is already broken.
Dialogue: Hunter: Wanna have a pint?
Evan: now?
Nicholas: always!
Evan: hahaha
Hunter: no, after work
Nicholas: why not now?
Nicholas: I'm disappointed
Evan: :LOL
Hunter: I'm free at 7
Evan: 7 is good, we can go directly from the office
Nicholas: I won't be free till 8
Nicholas: if you wait for me it would be nice
Evan: just join us whenever you're free
Evan: doesn't make much sense to wait
Nicholas: ok, right
Summary: Hunter and Evan will meet at 7 for a beer. Nicholas will join them at 8.
Dialogue: Zach: yoh
Dempsey: yoh, whatsup?
Zach: not much, where are you nowadays?
Dempsey: i went to the countryside for a while
Zach: till when
Dempsey: next week
Zach: cool then
Dempsey:👍
Summary: Dempsey went to the countryside and he will stay there till next week.
Dialogue: Keira: Not sleeping yet?
Collin: Someone just woke me up
Keira: Not me... I saw u online and I wrote
Collin: Yes not you
Keira: Ok
Collin: Haha were you stalking me
Keira: Haha no
Collin: Haha.
Keira: I just finished the movie. And opened whatsapp
Collin: And opened my chat ?
Keira: Yes. And I saw u online hehe. So I wrote
Collin: Haha I see you missed me
Keira: Because I wanted to write to u but if u hadn't been online i wouldn't have written
Collin: I know
Keira: Damn, how much I hate being alone
Collin: There's enough space for you and one more in my bed. You coming?
Keira: Yes, I wish I could
Collin: One day...
Keira: One day for sure
Summary: Keira saw Collin online and wrote to him. Collin invites her over.
Dialogue: Brad: Any idea when the new season of Game of Thrones come out?
Ian: I think they've pushed it back to next year
Brad: you are shitting me. I cannot wait that long
Ian: well you're going to have to
Brad: omg. Tell me it's not so
Summary: Brad can't wait for the new season of Game of Thrones. Ian claims it has been pushed back to next year. 
