Dialogue: Sean: Ann, I am so annoyed by this Brexit rubbish.
Ann: I know.
Sean: I think they completely didn't understand how it would influence us.
Ann: They didn't think at all about Northern Ireland.
Sean: And now we just don't know what to expect.
Ann: I know. For my village the lack of the border is vital.
Sean: I am not sure how it's going to influence our shop.
Ann: why?
Sean: We have many clients from the Republic.
Ann: I was not aware of it. We got used to it so much, that we stoped noticing it.
Sean: the border you mean?
Ann: Yes.
Sean: I am not sure how it will ends.
Ann: me neither really
Sean: I hope there is no come back to the Troubles.
Ann: We are luckily far from it, but it's not the best time either
Sean: Let's wait for the agreement
Ann: Of course. But I have the impression that nobody will be satisfied.
Sean: That's very possible 
Ann: Too many contradictory expectations.
Sean: :(
Summary: Sean is annoyed with Brexit. Sean has many clients from the Republic and is worried about how the new border will affect his shop. The Brexit agreement is on the way. Ann predicts many people won't be satisfied with it.
Dialogue: Ann: Have you ever made vodka gummy bears?
Max: Yes! I love those things!
Ann: How long do you leave them to soak?
Max: A week!
Ann: That long???
Max: Oh yeah!
Ann: Don't they turn to goo?
Max: Scarily, no!
Ann: I shudder to think what they're made of!
Max: Don't think, just enjoy! LOL!
Ann: Riiiiight!
Summary: Max makes vodka gummy bears. He leaves them to soak for a week.
Dialogue: Trish: hi girl
Trish: i know your a fan of Friends
Rose: hi there
Rose: thats true
Trish: i got a tshirt with them
Trish: would you wear it if i gave it to you?
Rose: of course
Trish: cool
Rose: thanks, ill pick it up next time
Summary: Rose is a fan of "Friends". Trish got a T-shirt with them, she will give it to Rose.
Dialogue: Tom: Are you still at the museum
Jeniffer: Yes, the 3rd floor
Tom: good, I'm still in the shop, they have amazing stuff
Jeniffer: oh yes, great design
Summary: Tom is still in the shop.
Dialogue: Sasha: I've just come back from Russia
Josh: nice! finally
Terry: let's have some booze tonight 
Sasha: oh yes! 7 at Hell's Kitchen?
Terry: perfect for me
Josh: I'll be there anyway, my shift ends at 7
Gordon: I'll join you too:)
Summary: Sasha has just come back from Russia. Sasha, Terry, Josh and Gordon will meet at 7 at Hell's Kitchen tonight. Josh's shift there ends at 7.
Dialogue: Bill: Hi. Seems like there are some problems at my building site. May I leave earlier today?
Hanna: Bill, it's the second time this week.
Bill: I know. I hate that myself. I'm sorry. Susie called and she was all in tears.
Hanna: Ok. But, please, don't do that too often.
Bill: I'll try. I promise. Thank you!!!!
Hanna: Don't talk about these shorter days too much in the cafeteria, ok?
Bill: OK. I get your point.
Hanna: What time are you going to finish today?
Bill: 3pm?
Hanna: Fine.
Bill: Thanks!
Summary: There are problems at Bill's building site. It's the second time this week. Hanna agrees to let Bill go earlier today again, but urges him not to talk about too much.
Dialogue: Vincent: Thank you for the wonderful evening, it was so great to see you both.
Ally: Yeah, it's been a while. We must go out more often!
Vincent: Sure! Next week there is a film festival in Trastevere, maybe we can go there together?
Ally: Why not... What's the name of the festival?
Vincent: Roma Trastevere movies.
Ally: Wait, I'll check the website for the programme. 
Vincent: OK
Ally: What about "The Dogman"? Have you seen it?
Vincent: Nope, but I've heard it's a great movie. Garrone is so talented!
Ally: Right, "Gomorra" was a blast!
Vincent: du frittur!
Ally: ahahah you see! So what about Wednesday?
Vincent: Time? 5 pm?
Ally: Fine, is Matteo coming as well?
Vincent: I'll ask him when he's back.
Summary: Vincent thanks Ally and her friend for the evening. Vincent and Ally want to go to a film festival all together. They are seeing The Dogman on Wednesday at 5 pm.
Dialogue: Robert: yo did u talk to the teacher
Bale: i did but she wont do it
Robert: what do u mean she wont do it
Bale: i asked her to push the deadline forward a bit
Robert: and?
Bale: i had to get a lecture -_-
Robert: she says she wont do it
Bale: not per say
Robert: what do u mean
Bale: she didnt say she wont do it
Robert: what are u sayin
Bale: she says she'll think about it
Robert: come on man we have to submit that project or else our grade will fall down like a tree in the storm
Bale: like a tree in the storm?? xD xD
Robert: do we have time for jokes? :/
Bale: i dont know do we have time for old phrases xD
Robert: ugghh
Summary: Robert and Bale have to submit the project. Bale asked their teacher to push the deadline but she hasn't given them the answer. 
Dialogue: Jenny: Hi, Tom, got a minute?
Tom: Oh, hi, Jenny, sure, what’s up?
Jenny: Can you help me with my printer? I can’t print anything
Tom: Well, it happens. Perversity of inanimate objects ;-)
Jenny: Yeah, I know, but I’ve got a pretty important document to print.
Tom: Ok, Did you check the cartridges?
Jenny: Yes, they’re fine, half way full.
Tom: So I bet you also checked the paper? ;-)
Jenny: Ha ha ha, you’re almost funny. Yes I did. 
Tom: Maybe something’s wrong with your PC?
Jenny: Gee! Wait, I had my Wi-Fi turned off…  Thanks!
Tom: At your service, Sister
Summary: Jenny needed Tom's help with printing important documents, but eventually it turned out she had her Wi-Fi turned off, which solved the problem. 
Dialogue: Ela: sorry, i will be late!
Vince: no problem
Vince: can i order anything for you?
Ela: would be great
Vince: so what do you want?
Ela: maybe pizza and orange juice
Vince: ok
Summary: Ela will be late and Vince will order pizza and orange juice for her.
Dialogue: Addison: Look how cute these stickers are: <file_photo>
Miles: I hope you didn't buy them?
Miles: Did you?
Addison: Sorry, babe, they are too cute, I coudn't resist myself.
Miles: We talked about this! You know that Jojo is going to stick them to the walls, on the furniture and so on...
Addison: Oh, come on, I'll remove them, if she will. Don't be mad.
Addison: Jojo is gonna love them! <3
Miles: Ok, never mind, it doesn't matter what I think, does it?
Addison: Babe...!
Summary: Miles is mad at Addison because she bought stickers for Jojo. He's afraid Jojo will mess the house with them.
Dialogue: Mia: Noah, could you talk to me?
Noah: about what?
Mia: Last night?
Noah: ??
Mia: You acted like a douche
Noah: I don't care
Mia: you asshole!!!
Summary: Noah refuses to discuss his last night's inappropriate behaviour with Mia.
Dialogue: Pauline: Wanna come over? I'm making pizza^^
Tara: Always!
Chrissy: I'm at the mall with my parents and it doesn't look like they're going to leave soon ;(
Pauline: Don't worry, we'll keep the leftovers in the oven for you :D
Chrissy: You know what? I think I could take a bus.
Tara: And I already hoped I'll have a whole half of pizza for myself :D
Chrissy: You love to talk about food, but actually you eat even less than me.
Tara: Not my fault I feel full too soon ;(
Pauline: You're saying it like it's a bad thing. Take a look in the mirror! :P
Tara: But I really love food! It'd be great if I could eat more at once.
Pauline: And you'd probably stay as skinny as you are.
Chrissy: Right? It's not fair! I don't eat much but I'm still fat ;(
Tara: You're not fat, you moron! You look perfectly fine!
Pauline: And you've got boobs! And sexy hips! You know how much other girls envy you?
Tara: Exactly. I look like a coat hanger in every dress I wear.
Chrissy: I don't think I've ever seen you in a dress.
Tara: And now you know why :P
Pauline: Come on, stop it with the negativity, both of you. We're all pretty and sexy, and that's what we need to keep telling ourselves.
Chrissy: Sorry, but if you burn your pizza and then tell it that it's not burned, it'll still be burned anyway.
Pauline: Maybe, but I like pizza when it's burned :P
Tara: So you're saying that someone's gonna like us even if we're “burned”? :D
Pauline: Exactly!
Chrissy: Okay, now you stop it with the psychology. I want pizza and movies, not psychotherapy :P
Pauline: I promise to shut up, just come over. I'm so lonely, sitting here alone with my pizza dough... :D
Chrissy: LOL, OK, I'm already at the bus stop.
Summary: Pauline will make pizza for Tara and Chrissy. Chrissy envies Tara's looks. Chrissy is already at the bus stop, heading for Pauline's.
Dialogue: Joan: Have you done the evaluation set for tomorrow?
Becky: Not yet, I'm still thinking how to do it
Becky: Can you send me the template?
Joan: sure
Joan: <file_other>
Summary: Joan sent Becky a template of the evaluation set for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Miranda: Hernandez has a new soap opera
Camila: really?
Miranda: yeah
Camila: what is it called
Miranda: Amor bravio
Camila: when does it start?
Miranda: i think next week thursday
Camila: fantastic, cant wait
Miranda: me too
Camila: haha, hernandez never lets us down, i bet it will be dope
Miranda: me too
Camila: cant wait really
Camila: thanks for the alert
Summary: The new soap opera by Hernandez is titled "Amor bravio". It starts Thursday next week.
Dialogue: Tom: I woke up. Coming. It's not easy.. X-)
Ana: Waking up...
Tom: Me too. Terribly want to sleep 
Ana: Pfff, don't tell me
Tom: What we do? At 3 p.m. we have to be at the office 
Tom: I'm not hungry yet, cause I've dreamt about breakfast :)
Tom: X-)
Ana: Correct, give me your room number and let's talk
Tom: 808. Give me some more time to wake up finally
Tom: What shall I do iF I'd like to see the presentation we are showing tar?
Tom: Hihi
Tom: Was it Helena who was suppose to send it?
Ana: I've double check my email and I still don't have it :(
Ana: It was Helena and Monika 
Ana: Crap
Tom: Don't worry! We'll push back to Helena right now. Now it's my turn.
Ana: Heh...
Tom: My proposal is that until the dinner time, I'd prepare my part and then we can go through it together 
Ana: OK sounds good to me
Summary: Tom and Ana need to be in the office at 3 pm. Tom stays in room 808. Ana still doesn't have the presentation she was supposed to receive from Helena or Monika. Tom will urge Helena. Tom and Ana will discuss the presentation around dinner time.
Dialogue: Jayde: I cant find out where my book is 
Ben: Which one?
Jayde: English
Ben: I have two of them, will give you one
Summary: Ben will give Jayde back one of her English books.
Dialogue: Lizzy: Were you at the opening of Monica's gallery yesterday?
John: Yes, but I was a little bit late.
Lizzy: Too bad! First speech was the best.
John: Why? 
Lizzy: Monica talked about her last trip and she showed some really funny pics.
John: And what about Mark?
Lizzy: What do you mean?
John: Was he with her yesterday?
Lizzy: Yes, they are "best friends" - you know what I mean :)
John: Really? I was sure he is with Jenny...
Lizzy: No, they were only on one date. 
John: Monica suits him better, she is just as crazy as he is…
Lizzy: :) … and just like you!
Summary: Lizzy and John were at the opening of Monica's gallery yesterday. Monica gave an interesting speech. Monica and Mark are together.
Dialogue: Jack: are you there bros?
Arthur: what's up mate
Bryan: reporting in 
Jack: Ryan's birthday are next week, shall we get him something?
Arthur: most definitely
Bryan: agreed, is he throwing any party?
Jack: I don't know yet but we should probably expect one. What should we get him? :D
Arthur: let's get him some playstation game...  Bryan knows that shit better than us two, can you find something mate?
Bryan: yeah, how much do we want to spend?
Jack: just tell us what's available and we will decide later
Arthur: ye good idea
Bryan: sure i will let you know
Summary: It's Ryan's birthday next week. Jack, Arthur and Bryan want to get him a present, e.g. a Playstation game. Bryan will look for a suitable present. 
Dialogue: Tom: hi kiddoes
Tom: Mum doesn't fell well
Tom: she went to a doctor this morning
Kelly: what's happened??
Tom: no need to worry, she's got cold
Tom: i'll come back late tody
Jim: want us to do sth at home?
Tom: yep, we need some things from grocery
Tom: we should discuss what we want to eat
Kelly: there's no meat
Kelly: I think that we ran out of milk as well
Jim: i can check what's in the fridge and make a shopping list. some suggestions? meat, milk...
Tom: we need eggs nad some fruits you like. we can have a quick pasta for dinner tonight so please buy spaghetti noodles
Kelly: bro, buy bread and sth for sandwichez
Jim: sure thing. will do shopping
Tom: thank you boy!
Jim: you owe me!
Summary: Tom informs his kids Kelly and Jim that mum doesn't feel well and she went to a doctor this morning. She's got a cold. Tom will come back late today and they need some groceries. Jim will check what's in the fridge and will do the shopping.
Dialogue: John: Dudes, I gathered you all here, cause we have to start thinking about Laura's surprise party.
Mike: it's this Saturday, right?
John: right. and we should decide on decorations, the present and all. Do we make it a theme party?
Rachel: she might like that.
John: Any ideas for the theme?
Mike: she likes anime
Rachel: omg no
John: I agree this might be too much
Mike: any better ideas then?
Rachel: I mean I guess we could handle the anime, but we have to think about other guests - they might not be able to dress up for that and not everyone loves anime.
John: how about gothic/horror?
Rachel: like a Halloween party? :P
Mike: yeah, that's just Halloween, something more original maybe?
Rachel: Generic fantasy - like knights and wizards
John: tough costumes
Rachel: but intentionally lame :P like "adventure! on a budget." we'll just make it all look poor - it's gonna be fun and easy to make as we all kinda suck at crafting
Tom: hey
Tom: yeah, I'm with the lame fantasy idea
John: Laura might like it
Rachel: I can be take care of the decorations
Mike: you're gonna make a spreadsheet, aren't you?
Rachel: you bet
Tom: I can cook something. What budget do we have?
John: We'll have to wait for everyone to come online to discuss it properly, but I was thinkin like 40-50  bucks per person?
John: Including the present.
Tom: seems legit
Rachel: fine by me
Mike: ok
Summary: John, Mike, Rachel and Tom are throwing a surprise party for Laura on Saturday. The party theme is lame fantasy. Everyone will prepare costumes on their own.
Dialogue: Leo: Hello my dear friends, I would like to tell you that we already miss you. Yadany and Roci are back home and she says she is very sorry she could not come back in time to see you and say thank you for all the presents you had left for her and the rest of our family.We are very grateful to you!
Diana: Hello our dear Cuban friends, thanks for your kind words. We are missing you too.
Leo: We wish you all the best for the rest of your travelling in Cuba. Do contact me if there's anything I could do to assist you.
Diana: Thank you, Leo. It's very kind of you. As for now we're fine.
Leo: Where are you if I may ask?
Diana: In Trinidad. A fantastic town. I love it. We'll be staying here for four more days and then go to Cienfuegos for a week, before we fly back to Mexico.
Leo: Glad to hear that you like it. And that everything has been working fine.
Diana: <file_photo>
Diana: You don't mind my sending you a couple of photos?
Leo: Of course I don't. It is a pleasure to see you, even if only in the pictures. You both look absolutely happy.
Diana: And we are! We are loving our time in Cuba. It is such an incredible country.
Leo: Thank you. Happy you like it. We will stay in touch.
Diana: Yes, we will. Give our love to Yadany please.
Leo: Thank you! :x :x to you and Marcus.
Summary: Diana and Marcus are travelling in Cuba. They are in Trinidad now. Leo, Yadany and Roci already miss them and are grateful for the presents received from them. 
Dialogue: Gabe: cat's staring at me
Eve: don't feed her!
Gabe: but she's staring, she looks hungry
Eve: she's not, trust me, she's just trying to trick you, be a better man Gabe
Summary: Gabe shouldn't feed the cat. 
Dialogue: Clair: Does he think I'm stupid or is he that stupid to think I'm more stupid than he is?
Denis: W8 what?
Bob: Don't follow.
Clair: Got another reply.
Denis: That's great, isn't it?
Bob: Yeah. What does it say?
Clair: "Of coz your majesty. I prepare everything for your arrival. Just need confirmation transfer. Send asap."
Bob: I'd declare to have his head cut off. Slowly. How rude.
Denis: That's not a way to treat your future monarch. What do you plan, Your Majesty?
Clair: I am thinking of something devious. 
Bob: I like your devilish plans!
Denis: Show us your cunning ;)
Clair: I've set up another e-mail account. Something untraceable with .ng at the end ;)
Bob: And what are you going to do with it?
Denis: Are you going to reply to him from that address and torment him a little more?
Clair: Precisely, my minions :)
Denis: If I may, Your Highness, I'd write something about an order for his decapitation having been issued by the new queen
Clair: That's fantastic!
Bob: Seriously, guys, stop it! My belly hurts!
Clair: That's what I have: Hello, my name is Kwame Dongigo, I have been appointed by Her Majesty for the position of the royal executioner. Her Majesty's first wish is to see your head on the gallows. May we set up a date that would suit you best? I have nothing against you. Just a job. RSVP.
Bob: If he doesn't get a heart attack, I'll be severely disappointed!
Denis: Outstanding!
Clair: Thank you. I always knew I had it in me!
Bob: Ofc, Your Highness.
Denis: Any other decrees, Your Majesty?
Clair: My Majesty is tired and needs to rest after this cumbersome task. We shall return to this question on a later date.
Denis: As you wish, Your Majesty.
Bob: Very well, Your Highness.
Summary: Clair kept getting sarcastic messages, so she responded the same way from a fake e-mail account, which was hilarious.
Dialogue: Alex: I am watching Nigela cooking something very fattening and very chocolaty
Caroline: <3 love her
Alex: I would like her to adopt me
Caroline: hahaha, she's a drug user you know?
Alex: I don't care, as long as she cooks every day
Caroline: I know, it would be awsome to have a cooking mum
Alex: right?
Summary: Alex is watching Nigela's tv show.
Dialogue: Keano: Can I borrow an egg?
Julia: I'm vegan 
Kate: Sure, they are in my cupboard
Keano: Thanks!
Summary: Keano will borrow an egg from Kate.
Dialogue: Monica: <file_photo>
Luc: Wow
Luc: hahaha
Luc: Fair enough tbh
Monica: I thought of you when I saw it
Summary: Monica sent a funny picture to Luc.
Dialogue: Maria: We're almost there guys, come down
Robert: I'm ready, but Tom isn't here yet
Tom: I'm downstairs
Robert: ok! so I'm coming
Summary: Tom is downstairs waiting for Maria. Robert is coming down.
Dialogue: Mats: I haven't seen you around, so you must be new here.
Bobby: As a matter of fact, I am.
Mats: It's nice meeting you.
Bobby: Nice to meet you too.
Mats: When did you move out here?
Bobby: I moved here about a month ago.
Mats: What do you think of it so far?
Bobby: It's great.
Mats: Don't you think that it's beautiful here?
Bobby: It really is gorgeous.
Mats: Welcome to the neighborhood.
Bobby: Thank you for making me feel welcome.
Mats: its okay, youll get that from everyone here
Bobby: ill appreciate that really
Mats: youll find it amazing
Bobby: im sure i will, it already feels like it
Mats: that's the spirit
Bobby: thanks again 
Mats: its nothing really.
Bobby: okay
Summary: Bobby's new to the neighbourhood, Mats welcomes him.
Dialogue: Grace: Will you walk the dog? Working late
Anna: I can’t today, date night!
Mike: No problem, already on my way back
Grace: Thanks love!
Summary: Mike will walk the dog because Grace and Anna are busy today.
Dialogue: Zoey: Do you still have that white jacket?
Nathan: I have given it to Nathan, You can take it from him
Zoey: Ok sure
Summary: Nathan has given the white jacket to Nathan, so Zoey can take it from him. 
Dialogue: Bernard: Hi, man. Going downtown for lunch.
Jeff: I am. Why?
Bernard: Can you give me a ride?
Jeff: Sure. Meet me in 15 minutes at the parking lot.
Bernard: Thanks. Will be there.
Summary: Jeff will give Bernard a ride downtown as he's going for lunch.
Dialogue: Veronica: Have you seen the new iPhone?
Taylor: Yeah! It's gorgeous!
Veronica: I know! I need it badly!
Taylor: But you bought a new one last year.
Veronica: So?
Taylor: Do you really need it?
Veronica: Oh, ok, I want it so much!
Taylor: Have you been to the iStore yet?
Veronica: No. Will look at it on the website first.
Taylor: I just opened apple.com
Veronica: Look at those colours! I'm getting the rose gold one! It's really glaaam!
Taylor: Yeah, it's gorgeous! Which size?
Veronica: The smaller one. I don't like big phones.
Taylor: I meant which storage capacity.
Veronica: Depends on the price :P
Taylor: Well, you're in for a surprise ;)
Veronica: Y?
Taylor: Look at the prices.
Veronica: This has to be a mistake.
Taylor: Yeah, I know. The basic model costs like two my phones...
Veronica: Last year's model didn't cost that much... But still, I want it!
Taylor: And how are you going to get the money? You don't earn that much...
Veronica: I'll sell my liver.
Taylor: Lol. But srsly?
Veronica: Probably will borrow money from family or take a loan. 
Taylor: Really? Borrow money for a phone?
Veronica: And what is there to do? 
Taylor: Not buy it?
Veronica: But I REALLY want it!
Taylor: You're just hopeless...
Summary: Veronica bought a new phone last year, but wants to buy the new iPhone. She prefers the smaller model in a rose gold casing. The new iPhone is very expensive. Veronica will probably borrow money or take a loan to buy the phone. 
Dialogue: Gabriella: Hey Jasmine, how are you doing?
Jasmine: I’m fine, thanks 😊
Gabriella: Would you do me a favor?
Jasmine: No problem. How can I help?
Gabriella: I need to send my CV in English to a truly perfect job for me and I’m wondering if you could take a look at it?
Jasmine: Sure! Send it to me 😊
Gabriella: Done 😊
Jasmine: Got it. Give me an hour and I’ll check it 
Gabriella: Perfect! Thank you soooo much!
Jasmine: I’ve checked it. I must say that there wasn’t much to correct. It was practically perfect. I just fixed a little bit grammar and a few spelling mistakes. 
Gabriella: I know how great you are at spelling!
Jasmine: Thanks Gabriella. I hope that you will get that job!
Gabriella: I hope so, too.
Jasmine: I’ll keep my fingers crossed 😊
Summary: Gabriella asked Jasmine to check her CV which is in English. She's applying for a perfect job. Jasmine checked it and did only minor corrections. She hopes Gabriella will get the job.
Dialogue: Macarena: Gloria I saw that guy you dated yesterday in the club. 
Gloria: Please spare me
Gloria: I want to forget him
Carmen: What happened?
Gloria: He made me pregnant and disappeared.
Gloria: This is what happened.
Carmen: That's ridiculous!!
Macarena: I didn't know. I'm so sorry.
Gloria: Well, he's not.
Carmen: What did you do??
Gloria: I aborted. 
Gloria: I don't have conditions to be a single mum.
Carmen: That's understandable. 
Carmen: What an asshole!!
Carmen: He seemed to be so nice and responsible. 
Macarena: You could have claimed for maintenance
Macarena: Guys shouldn't be running around making babies irresponsibly 
Gloria: Let's not talk about it
Gloria: Anyways, I wouldn't like to be tied forever to such an asshole. 
Summary: Gloria had an abortion. Macarena saw a guy that made her pregnant in a club yesterday. 
Dialogue: Gabriel: hey how's life
Gabriel: will you guys come to Poland any time soon?
Arthur: yeah we wanna meet
Mindy: we're fine, thanks, you?
Harry: I guess we will fly home for Christmas
Arthur: we're pretty well!
Gabriel: we can talk on Skype if you wanna have a chat? hehe
Arthur: sure, what about 4 pm on Saturday?
Gabriel: fine with us!
Summary: Harry will fly to Poland for Christmas. Gabriel and Arthur will talk on Skype at 4 PM on Saturday.
