Dialogue: Sven: I'm buying the tickets now
Sven: don't be mad
Caroline: I'm not I'm not
Sven: good. Is coming on Friday and leaving on Monday OK?
Caroline: as you wish
Sven: you are angry.
Caroline: I am paying for your hotel, the least you can do is declare your schedule a month before the wedding
Sven: Sorry :(
Summary: Sven is buying tickets now for the wedding. He'll stay from Friday to Monday. Caroline is paying for the hotel.
Dialogue: Sienna: Think Serena will win the Aussie?
Fred: Just hope she doesn't go off on another ref!
Sienna: That was OTT!
Fred: FWIW, I don't disagree with her, but she handled it poorly.
Sienna: Agreed.
Fred: She had to know that the world was watching.
Sienna: Yeah, you don't act up like that when you're a pro.
Fred: Agreed.
Sienna: Anyway, hopefully things go well for her. No grand though.
Fred: No, but that's a hard thing to do!
Sienna: True, but she has before!
Fred: I think her time is done, unfortunately. She's a mommy now!
Sienna: A fierce mommy!
Fred: Yes, but time to retired and let the younger kids do their thing.
Sienna: Maybe...
Fred: What else you doin today?
Sienna: Just hanging out. Didn't have to work so got some stuff done. You?
Fred: Same. Just chillin'.
Sienna: Too bad we didn't get together.
Fred: Free next week?
Sienna: Nah. Going home for x-mas early. Back to work on x-mas eve and all through the holidays.
Fred: That sux!
Sienna: Such is the life of a med student!
Fred: Well, poke me when you're free and we'll meet up. I'm not doing anything over the break.
Sienna: Not going home?
Fred: Nah. Nothing to go back to and can't afford it.
Sienna: Gotcha. We'll see ya'!
Fred: Cya!
Summary: Fred thinks Serena won't be such a good player anymore. Sienna has some free time now but she has to work during the holidays. Fred is also free right now and he has no plans for the break.
Dialogue: Moshe: What's going on...? You didn't say a word to me, u just left the flat, you don't answer my calls. What happened that u don't want to talk to me at all?!
Haven: :/
Moshe: U should take the key. How can u enter the flat when I'm at school? You hurt me with your behaviour.
Haven: U've been insulting me all day. Calling me stupid. Stupid old child. I hurt u? Lol rubbish
Moshe: I said you were behaving like a child... not that you were a child. I know I shouldn't have said so...I am sorry
Haven: U are lying and apologizing at the same time? Lol
Moshe: No
Haven: Ridiculous
Summary: Moshe and Haven are arguing. Haven left the flat and doesn't answer her phone, because she's angry with Moshe for calling her a child. She has no key to the flat. She refuses to accept Moshe's apology.
Dialogue: Liz: Hey. Where do you a whisk?
Harry: A what?
Liz: The thing you make omlettes with :-)
Harry: No idea. Ask Lora. She's the queen of the kitchen :-p
Liz: <file_photo>
Harry: Feel like an omlette for breakfast? How did you sleep?
Liz: I've slept wonderfully. This fresh air in the village is amazing. And I'm starving now. Literally starving. I last ate 20 hours ago!
Harry: Sorry I can't help you with that thingy. Contact Liz or take whatever you want from the pantry. 
Liz: The kingdom is mine?
Harry: Yes, at least until 5pm :-)
Liz: Ok. I should survive somehow.
Harry: I'm sure you will. Bon apetite :-)
Summary: Liz needs a whisk to make an omelette for Harry but she needs to ask Lora where it is.
Dialogue: Mattie: hi Emma, nice to hear from you. You know that my son also lives in Toulon.
Emma: oh nice, we went there in september for Valentin 
Mattie: Emile lives here with my mum. If you need don't hesitate to call her
Emma: Thanks. I'll give her contact to  Valentin. Where does she live?
Mattie: not far from the central  station. And Valentin?
Emma: He's in the student residence near the cathedral. 
Mattie: it's very close to my mum. Please tell him to  call. Emile will be happy to see him again
Emma: I will. And give a call next time you come in town
Mattie: sure. see you soon
Summary: Valentin lives in Toulon not far away from Mattie's mother and Emily. Mattie passed Emma the contact to his mother and encouraged that her son visit her.
Dialogue: Julia: He your face resembles with the cartoon character which I have been watching since my childhood
Henry: What? Send me the pic :/
Julia: <link_photo> :P
Summary: Henry's face reminds Julia of a childhood cartoon character.
Dialogue: Marge: tell grace im not comin 2day
Parton: ru ok?
Stanton: marge, would u miss?
Marge: ill tell u l8r and call grace 2moro. have fun
Summary: Marge is not able to come today.  She will call Grace tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Gary: I finally found out who she is! You remember that actress yesterday - I thought I've seen her somewhere - this is her <file_other>.
Candace: oh yeah, now I recall too.
Sam:  Impressive resume.
Candace: Seems she's been in like... most major productions in the city in the last couple of years.
Gary: No wonder, she's amazing.
Candace: Absolutely nailed this performance.
Gary: And it says on the website that she's going to be in Chekhov's "Three Sisters" later this year.
Candace: Should we get the tickets already? ;)
Sam: I'll look into it.
Summary: That actress is amazing. They consider booking tickets for Chekhov's "Three Sisters" later this year to see her perform.
Dialogue: Joan: Hey I will be there in 10
Simon: waiting :)
Joan: :*
Summary: Joan will be there in 10 minutes. Simon is waiting.
Dialogue: Emily: Have you seen my niece?
Ethan: No
Emily: <file_photo>
Ethan: So cute
Emily: She could not even sit properly when I saw her last time
Ethan: He can even speak now
Emily: would love to hold her in my arms <3
Ethan: When would you come to our place now?
Emily: Soon
Ethan: This month
Emily: Cant say sweety BUT I would try
Ethan: Please, its been 5 months since I saw you last time 
Emily: Will see you soon <3
Summary: Emily will try to visit Ethan this month. They haven't seen each other for 5 months.
Dialogue: Emma: What kind of tights do you need?
Ginny: Black tights, skin-coloured tights - generally any tights that don't end up having holes in them after wearing them once or twice... (also, can i ask for a guitar capo?) :P
Emma: What type of capo? I don't know anything about them...
Ginny: Er... just your standard capo for the guitar (I don't htink they have different sizes...)
Emma: There are different types from what I gather
Emma: Send me a pic of the type you have in mind 
Summary: Ginny needs Emma to bring her tights and a guitar capo. Emma needs a picture of the correct-size capo.
Dialogue: Sam: hey, come over man
Tyler: i cant
Tyler: im busy with some chores
Tyler: sorry dude
Sam: what about later
Tyler: later is fine
Sam: okay then
Tyler: alright
Summary: Tyler can't come over to Sam now, because he's busy with chores. He will come over later.
Dialogue: Dana: I still haven't found the answer why the results differ so dramatically.
Jason: Well, there's the result rationalization, so if you search for a pizza place you'll find one in your neighborhood and not the most popular on the Internet.
Dana: I've read about that so I'm aware. More or less. But I even searched for it in different languages. Incognito mode. Different devices.
Jason: You just gonna get most popular results in this particular region and time. Apparently this book is not well known in Aus. Incognito mode just deletes cookies.
Dana: Still doesn't explain why I can't find an American writer. Even if I scroll through 100 pages.
Jason: Incognito doesn't hide your region.
Dana: So even if I run hotspot shield, it chooses my region? I've never heard anything like that.
Jason: Yes because there's a main host you get connected to first. And then there's your router, server, ip.
Dana: I've read about regionalization, it's merely a percent in the result variation.
Jason: That's not what I'm talking about. There are 2 or 3 main factors influencing what you you get.
Dana: I don't get it. I'm not talking about a pizza place but an English speaking writer. Should show up anywhere.
Jason: It probably should. But it doesn't ;) next time you travel try searching for him again. Use a different browser, log out of chrome, try a different device and let me know what you see.
Dana: Might be a while. I guess I just never thought how we get conned into seeing more of one thing than the other...
Jason: Yeah, that's one way of looking at it. But it also helps you get what you need faster. You just have unusual interests ;)
Dana: Maybe so. Thanks anyway, I'm gonna try and find out more. That mystery really has me startled...
Summary: Dana can't understand why the results differ so much. Dana can't find an American writer even though scrolling through 100 pages. Jason suggests using a different browser or devise. 
Dialogue: William: Dear all! I have an interview for an early years teaching role. Any suggestions how to prepare?
Kate: be prepared for delivering a short lesson
Gina: get your lesson based on a theme eg autumn
Kate: make sure you provide various activities and include all children
William: to support different skills?
Kate: yes
Oliver: they may ask you to complete a written task eg child based observation
Harry: or mark a piece of work
William: oh, ok?!
Kate: then off to the standard interview
Oliver: EYFS, child development, school procedures etc.
William: thank you! you've helped me a lot!
Summary: William is having an interview for a teacher. According to Kate, he should be prepared for delivering a short lesson with various activities. Gina advises William to prepare a lesson based on theme. Oliver says William may be asked about EYFS, child development, school procedures etc.
Dialogue: John: who's that guy seating next to Kate?
Peter: The one in red shirt?
John: yeah, never seen him before
Karen: It's James, he's a new Java
Summary: A guy seating next to Kate is a new Java developer. His name is James.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Are you going to spend this summer also in Vaduz?
Marianne: yes, I like it there
Jeffrey: Do you speak German already?
Marianne: not really, some words
Marianne: it's very difficult
Nick: I thought Peter would help you
Marianne: I thought so too
Marianne: but we speak English almost all the time
Jonathan: why?
Marianne: we're too lazy
Marianne: and he has no patience whatsoever
Jeffrey: pity, but seems common
Jeffrey: Marie has never taught me French really
Marianne: it works good in theory only
Summary: Marianne is spending summer in Vaduz. Marianne doesn't speak German well, because she speaks English with Peter all the time. Marie has never taught Jeffrey French.
Dialogue: John: I am confused over this assignment
John: Which ex we have to do? 
Mary: Like 3-7
John: yeah
John: In which 5 and 6 have nothing to do with what we're doing
Mary: We discussed it in class today
Mary: :p
John: Idk lol I will ask Paul to explain me ;P 
Summary: John and Mary have to do exercises 3 to 7 for their assignment. John didn't know exercises 5 and 6 were discussed in class today. John will ask Paul to explain them to him. 
Dialogue: Fanny: where are you?!!! why are you not here at the office??!?!
Jay: i overslept -- i'm really sorry!!!
Fanny: WHAT?!?!? ARE YOU BEING SERIOUS?!?!?
Jay: yeah i'm sorry
Fanny: UNBELIEVABLE
Fanny: the meeting can't start without you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: we've been preparing this for months!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: HOW CAN YOU NOT BE HERE?!?!?!
Jay: i'm getting ready, trust me, I'll be there soon
Fanny: HURRY UP!!!
Jay: i'll be there in no time
Fanny: GET - HERE - FAST!!!!
Fanny: everyone is starting to get antsy
Fanny: and i've run out of things to say
Jay: if you stop texting me i'll get there faster
Jay: just let me get ready, i'll hop in the car and go
Fanny: ok i'm gonna stop texting
Fanny: just get here FAST!!!
Summary: Fanny is very upset with Jay oversleeping on the day of the big meeting. Everybody is waiting and Jay is rushing over. 
Dialogue: Vesna: These "debits" from the management moved my ticket for May 2nd, instead of 2nd March and now there is no return, only at my expense. It may be better maybe May, to be in Serbia. Better than March.
Ost: Surely. Then it will be nice weather and we will spend nice time here and in the village. Well, it's nice to rest. Mom's with David, keeps him, while Damirs is width mom at a kindergarten workshop. I have received certificates of vaccine, for obtaining a child's supplement for David. We love you.
Vesna: Super, I love you. <moa>
Summary: Vesna's tickets to Serbia were moved for 2nd May instead of 2nd March, so she will visit Ost in May. Ost's mom is taking care for David, while Damir is with his mom at a kindergarten workshop. Ost has received certificates of vaccine for obtaining a child's supplement for David.
Dialogue: Chris: W8! There's more!
June: Feed it to me! Rly curious now!
Chris: At some point, we smashed into a wall downstairs and made a hole in it.
June: Jeez!
Chris: W8! There's more!
June: Do I want to know?
Chris: He was so wasted that he puked down between the drywall!
June: WTF?!
Chris: So funny! And he remained with his head in the wall for like 2 hrs!
June: Why didn't anybody help him?
Chris: Y would they? :)
June: He could've choked to death!
Chris: Nah, afaik he moaned from to time.
June: Please tell me that's the most hardcore thing that happened?
Chris: Oh, no! This party will be legendary!
June: What else?
Chris: Well, then there was this someone who started cooking.
June: Nothing out of the ordinary.
Chris: W8 for it! It turns out that they cooked one of Luke's fish!
June: WTF?! These really expensive sea fish?
Chris: Idk which one. It was rather big.
June: Not Nemo!
Chris: Lol. That's what the guy was shouting! That's Nemo all over again.
June: I rly liked that fish! :(
Chris: I can imagine what Luke will be feeling when he sobers up.
June: Poor Luke. I'll give him a call l8r. Did u know that he went 2000 kms just to buy that fish? It was in a way unique!
Chris: In what way?
June: Idk. He tried explaining it to me, but I forgot.
Chris: Shame on u!
June: Yeah, I know.
Summary: Chris was at a wild party. The worst thing that happened was cooking Luke's most valuable fish, Nemo.
Dialogue: Mario: I can't find your place :(
Grace: haha, turn left after Iceland shop
Mario: I thought it's another street
Grace: no, it's the same. There is only one house and it's mine :)
Summary: Mario got lost on a way to Grace's place.
Dialogue: Thomas: I have some bad news.
Valerie: Something’s happened?
Thomas: No, no I just can’t meet you today. I'm sorry I can't make it. Work ☹
Valerie: Nothing, I’ve got to catch up on some work, too
Thomas: Maybe some other time?
Valerie: Would be great. When?
Thomas: Next week, ok?
Valerie: Sounds perfect
Summary: Thomas can't meet Valerie today because of work. Valerie has loads of work too. Thomas will see Valerie next week.
Dialogue: Leo: did you hear Miley's new song?
Evie: yeah! I love it!!! <3 <3 <3
Leo: <file_gif>
Summary: Evie loves Miley's new song.
Dialogue: Jeremy: so when's the big day?
Susan: lol
Ben: what?
Susan: someone change this conversation's name please :)
Susan: it's confusing!
Ben: hey i'm not getting married!!!
Jeremy: Ben, how about 1st of june? we're all available right? :)
Kylie: save the date guys!
Susan: Ben I want to meet your brothers!
Ben: you guys are crazy...
Kylie: don't run away this time Ben!
Susan: we'll stop you!
Ben: very funny...
Jeremy: I'll take care of the bachelor party
Kylie: ok. next saturday?
Jeremy: hey you're not invited Kylie! it's boys having fun
Susan: no offence Jeremy... but you're too old to have fun without us...
Jeremy: i'm a gentleman. i will not comment on your age Susan
Kylie: hey Susan we'll have our oarty with the bride!
Kylie: btw who is she Ben?
Jeremy: lol
Ben: thank you my dear friends, I just wanted to go to the movies on a friday night
Kylie: ok guys let's face it. we're not invited to Ben's wedding.
Susan: ;) ok let's get serious. friday night. what are we going to watch? new star wars?
Jeremy: NEW star wars? I saw it two months ago!
Susan: sorry... last thing I saw was My Little Pony - The Movie...
Jeremy: not the NEW James Bond with Pierce Brosnan? 
Susan: go away
Kylie: stop it. Friday :) 8pm :)
Ben: thanks Kylie...
Summary: Jeremy wants to go out with Ben. Susan and Kylie are going to the cinema Friday at 8 pm and Ben will join them.
