Dialogue: Sarah: No more sandwiches mummy! Any lunchbox ideas? Cheers! x
Greg: waffles or pancakes+fresh fruit, pasta+broccoli, baby tomatoes
Beth: quesadillas, salad, hummus+veggies (carrots, celery)
Bob: dried fruit (pineapple's our favourite), nuts, muffins
Kelly: spring rolls, meat (chicken is best), pumpkin seeds, olives, snap peas, cheese sticks
Sarah: WOW! guys this is amazing!
Summary: Lunchbox recipe that Greg recommends is waffles or pancakes with fresh fruit, pasta, broccoli and baby tomatoes. For Beth it is quesadillas, salad, hummus with vegetables and for Bob dried fruit, nuts and muffins. Sarah is impressed with the number of recipes she was provided with.
Dialogue: Daniel: has anybody seen my coat?
Amanda: lol, how is it possible to loose a coat?
Tom: Amanda, you didn't see Daniel last night, he was so wasted
Lia: yup, I'm not surprised
Adam: poor Daniel
Jeremy: yes, was very poor indeed
Daniel: thanks guys for your mercy but it will not help me to find my fukcing coat 
Tom: was it he cream one?
Daniel: what? it was grey
Lia: I would say cream or beige
Adam: the very gay one?
Daniel: it wasn't gay
Tom: sure it was, quite smart and fancy
Daniel: guys, you're horrible 
Daniel: could you just help me to find it and not judge my fashion choices 
Tom: but what's wrong about a gay coat?
Daniel: nothing, but I don't even have it anymore!!! 🤦🏻‍♂
Lia: I don't think anybody has seen it Daniel
Tom: I have it!
Adam: hahahaha
Adam: you're just pulling Daniel's leg
Tom: he deserved after being such a drunk pig last night
Tom: he vomited in my car
Tom: Daniel, I'll vomit on your coat tonight
Daniel: sorry mate, really, I was a pig 
Summary: Daniel's looking for his coat that he lost last night while being drunk. Tom possesses the coat but threatens to vomit on it as the payback for Daniel's vominting in his car.
Dialogue: Vitalis: You should visit Republic of Užupis 
Dalia: oh yes, it's a cute idea
Ron: what is it?
Vitalis: kind of an "independent state" in Vilnius
Vitalis: I think it was proclaimed when the Soviet Union was collapsing
David: so what is it actually?
Vitalis: it has it's own president, constitution and currency
David: but it's not a real state?
Vitalis: hmm, no, of course not, it's inside Lithuania
Vitalis: actually inside Vilnius
Vitalis: and most of all it's not recognised by other states
David: so it's rather a fake thing for tourists?
Vitalis: neither for tourists nor fake
Vitalis: it's just an original, interesting thing
Vitalis: here you can read about it: <file_other>
Ron: hahaha, they even had an army at some point
Ron: I like that there are no shopping malls
David: nor kiosks :D
Vitalis: have a look at it when you're inside
Summary: Vitalis recommends Dalia, Ron and David to visit the Republic of Užupis in Vilnius. It's a kind of an independent state with its own president, constitution and currency, but it's not recognised by other states.
Dialogue: Iker: :)
Iker: oh
Mike: ??
Iker: i was sending that to someone else. sorry
Summary: Iker sent Mike something by mistake.
Dialogue: Arthur: <file_other>
Olivia: yeah, I've read it
Olivia: I think the article is pretty harsh on her
Arthur: She deserves it to my mind
Olivia: there was nothing more she could do
Arthur: She could have prevented it in the first place!
Olivia: Do you srsly believe so?
Summary: Arthur and Olivia read a negative article about her.
Dialogue: Grayson: i never asked you if you liked that movie i recommended
Alice: you want to know the truth?
Grayson: yes
Alice: i fell asleep halfway through it
Summary: Grayson didn't enjoy the film that Alice recommended.
Dialogue: Christy: Have you ever seen the movie Avatar?
Fanny: Yes, I saw it at the cinema when I was younger
Christy: You have watched it just once?
Fanny: Actually, I did watch many times before, it seems to be the number one selection on the tv during the Christmas season
Christy: Oh really? In Poland, the movie that is ALWAYS on TV during the Christmas is 'Home Alone'. I have watched it like 20 times so far i guess lol
Fanny: Ahah I guess that's number two in portugal as well, but is nice though, because when you see it, you just know its "christmas time"
Christy: So true! However, what do you like the most about Avatar?
Fanny: I really like the story and everything, but the characters and the work they did was very impressive
Christy: Definitely! To be honest, I used to hate fantasy movies until I watched Avatar
Fanny: Oh really, what made you change your mind, i mean, what's your favorite scene in the movie?
Christy: Hmm I guess I don't have any favourite scene. It's rather about creativity in the movie. I remember I was amazed with the appearance of those blue creatures and the idea that someone, after using some technology, can 'wake up' as someone else. Common! Let's go to the cinema today! What do you think so?
Fanny: Very accurate, indeed I love it too !! That sounds great! I havent been to the cinema in ages ahah
Christy: Great then! Get ready, I will pick you up in 1 h!
Summary: Christy has watched Home Alone 20 times. Fanny and Christy enjoyed the movie Avatar. Christy will pick Fanny up in 1 h to go to the cinema.
Dialogue: Amelia: Good to be home!
Zara: i missed u so much!!! xxx
Jamie: How was Australia? Great pictures!
Amelia: it was great but i'm glad to be home again!
Jamie: tell me all about it!
Zara: seems like ages!
Amelia: i'd love to catch up on all the gossip! haha ;)
Jamie: totally! we have to meet up!
Summary: Amelia has come back from Australia. Zara and Jamie missed her and they all want to meet as soon as possible.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey.. hows married life going? 
Huda: yes good.. how are you and all? whats up?
Alice: Nothing we have started a new setup remember told you about it? ... we all are working together... operating from my house
Huda: wow thats good to know... once i was part of the plan .. you guys didnt bother asking me?
Alice: i am sorry Huda but we thought you have just got married you need to time to settle then we will ask you to join...
Huda: but atleast you should have informed me that this plan has been executed.. dont be offensive but wasnt it all my idea? and i am no where there...
Alice: there is nothing to be offended dear.. you are the master mind and you will always be we have just worked on the plan that you made.. you will have to be there for the second step ... its just that we wanted you to enjoy the early days of your marriage thats it..
Huda: shit marriage...  i have moved out and divorcing him
Alice: WHAT!!! are yyou seriouss???
Huda: He has kind of mental illness.. i dont know what? all of a sudden he would start screaming crying hitting me swearing on me... and next moment he would be find and ashamed of his behaviour... i cant take it anymore so i just decided to leave him.
Alice: but he is your husband now shouldnt you be helping me recover from the disease?
Huda: i dont know if its a disease or his way of living because it was a disease he would have forgotten about what he did but he knows what he is doing..
Alice: hmmm.. that makes sense... may God help you but please before making any decision think alot and consult your parents...
Huda: yes.. once i am done with this all would join you guys
Alice: sure we would be honoured.
Summary: Alice has started a new setup. She didn't tell Huda about it. Huda decided to divorce her husband. She will join the project once she is done with her problems.
Dialogue: John: Have you got any feedback from the girls?
Roger: no, not yet, you?
John: I did, today
John: I was shocked how many mistakes they found in my texts
Roger: what?
John: yes, I have to be more careful
Ann: don't worry, everybody makes mistakes
John: but I don't know...
John: they may fire me
Ann: don't panic
Jackie: they need you
John: they can find other people
John: and you know, I really need this job now
John: after the robbery and all the plagues of Egypt
Ann: I know, but wait patiently
Ann: I think they understand that the best linguists make mistakes
John: I really hope so
John: I am so much in debt now
Ann: have you bought a new laptop?
John: I had no choice
Ann: poor you
John: literally!
Summary: John got feedback from the girls today. He made many mistakes in his texts and he's afraid he'll get fired. He bought a new laptop and is now in debt. 
Dialogue: Alex: Hi, I've got the face cream samples you ordered 
Maya: Oh, great
Jonna: I forgot about it
Alex: I can bring them to the next fitness class
Maya: That'd be great
Maya: Thanks
Jonna: Did you pay for them? 
Alex: They were free
Jonna: great, I'll get them at the classes
Jonna: Thanks
Summary: Alex will bring the free face cream samples for Maya and Jonna to the next fitness class.
Dialogue: James: hi, how is Berlin?
Lily: Good, I like it it a lot. BTW, how is my palm?
James: It's good, I water it every Sunday.
Lily: Thank you very much! You're so kind.
James: No problem, enjoy Germany and don't worry about the palm! it's taken care of :)
Lily: :*
Summary: Lily is visiting Berlin. James waters her palm every Sunday.
Dialogue: Lindy: Hi Babe! Thought you might be interested:
Lindy: <file_other>
Lindy: Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna chamber orchestra.
Sharon: Wow! Thank you!
Sharon: Which sender?
Lindy: 3sat, at 8:15
Lindy: tonight
Summary: There will be a transmission of Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna Chamber Orchestra tonight at 8:15 on 3sat.
Dialogue: Sarah: <file_photo>
Sarah: What should I call him? :)
Kate: omg he's sooo cute!!! <3
Kate: How did you get him?
Sarah: My friend's dog gave birth and here he is, he has one brother and two sisters if you're interested ;)
Kate: hahaha, no, I can't afford having a dog now
Sarah: So what should I call him? Biscuit or Adonis?
Kate: I don't like Biscuit, so maybe Adonis?
Sarah: I was also thinking about Button
Kate: Perfect! much better, Button's cool :)
Summary: Sarah has a new dog and is thinking about calling him Button. 
Dialogue: Kate: I talked to my boss today
Tom: and?
Kate: I changed my working hours to 11-19!
Kate: Finally I can sleep :D
Tom: Great!
Tom: Can u talk to my boss as well? :D
Kate: haha, I can try, you know I'm sometimes very convincing...
Tom: no doubt :D
Tom: let's celebrate it then!
Kate: any idea?
Tom: tonite, Viva Italia, 9pm
Kate: hmm.. yummy..
Kate: I'm in!
Tom: cu :*
Kate: :*
Summary: Kate talked to her boss today and changed her working hours to 11-19. She will celebrate it with Tom tonight at Viva Italia at 9 p.m.
Dialogue: Carlos: Ieva, I haven't heard from you for a while
Joey: Ieva seems to ignore the group
Mason: Ieva, Ieva, bad girl
Ieva: LOL, no, I've been just busy
Joey: busy with ignoring us
Ieva: No, I'm in Lithuania right now
Joey: visiting your family?
Ieva: yes, my grandmother on the Baltic coast
Ieva: <file_photo>
Mason: how cute both of you are
Ieva: she's 97 so I didn't want to postpone the visit anymore
Mason: of course, and it seems quite nice there
Ieva: very beautiful countryside indeed, a lot of childhood memories
Mason: enjoy then!
Summary: Ieva is visiting her 97-year-old grandmother on the Baltic coast of Lithuania and hasn't been active in the group chat. Ieva finds the place pretty and full of memories.
Dialogue: Sid: Hey, wanna hang out later?
Trevor: Sure. 
Sid: Beer?
Trevor: Y not.
Sid: P911 TTYL
Trevor: ofc
Summary: Sid and Trevor will hang out later and get some beer.
Dialogue: Drake: Hey 
Drake: We have a business meeting at 2pm
Drake: You ready?
Brett: I am xd
Brett: I am going to room 214 rn 
Drake: Great
Drake: Theres lots to discuss today. Hopefully we will get into some kind of an agreement
Brett: Shouldnt be that bad
Brett: Do you wanna take notes? 
Drake: Sure, and you will be presenting slides 10,11,15-20
Brett: I wont do the number 10 
Drake: K Ashley can do that, she know that stuff
Brett: Great, this is how I call teamwork 
Drake: 🤑🤑🤑
Summary: Drake and Brett have a business meeting at 2 pm in room 214. Drake will present slides 11, 15 to 20, Ashley slide 10 and Brett will take notes.
Dialogue: Jack:  Hi Kid, I'm sorry but I'll be late, pls wait for me!
Maya: Ok Dad, I'm sitting in front of school with Kirsten and Brooke. When will you arrive?
Jack: 20 minutes and I'm with you!
Maya: That's pretty long, but I have no choice XD
Jack: You always have a choice, like a bus for example:D
Maya: Oh Dad, pls, it's not funny…
Summary: Jack is late to meet his daughter Maya from school. Jack will be in 20 minutes. Maya will be waiting.
Dialogue: Amelia: girlsss
Amelia: i wanna watch a xmas movie
Amelia: any ideas??
Miranda: Ooo, I was also wondering about that
Rose: I have sth
Rose: But I must check the title
Rose: Wait a sec
Amelia: Ok :)
Rose: The Princess Switch
Miranda: On netflix??
Rose: Yes :)
Rose: Main role plays Vanessa Hudgens ;-)
Amelia: (/◕ヮ◕)/
Summary: Amelia wants to watch an xmas movie. Rose recommends The Princess Switch on Netflix with Vanessa Hudgens.
Dialogue: Iris: Pick up my perscription at the store please!
Joey: sure no problem
Iris: Thank you! 
Summary: Joey will pick up Iris' prescription at the store.
Dialogue: Fiona: Roger broke up with me.
Ben: Again?
Fiona: This time it's for good
Polly: I'm sorry
Fiona: He left me for another lady
Ben: How do you know?
Fiona: He told me
Ben: Roger tells lots of things
Fiona: I know
Fiona: But he really has someone else
Fiona: I broke into his FB account
Fiona: Her name is Mandy and she's a model
Polly: What an asshole!
Ben: Roger is a dick
Ben: He did you a favour by leaving you 
Ben: I'm sorry for this model
Ben: You should forget him as soon as possible
Ben: Really
Fiona: I'm devastated 
Summary: Roger left Fiona for Mandy, who is a model. Fiona broke into his FB account. She is devastated.
Dialogue: Owen: How was your shift?
Fiona: Difficult. We had two ambulances come in at 2 am, then later at 4am, and my back's killing me
Owen: :(
Owen: Do you want me to massage it for you later?
Fiona: Oh my gosh! yes!!
Owen: :)
Summary: Fiona and they had two ambulances come in at 2 a.m. and at 4. a.m. She has now back pain. Owen will message it for Fiona later.
Dialogue: Diane: Do you take the vitamins as I told you?  
Molly: yes mom twice a day 
Diane: just please take them, because you weren't taking them the last time and they have an expiration date 
Molly: I do take them for real now
Diane: Dad also wants you to know he won't be able to fix those headphone by Friday. 
Molly: Damn, that's too bad
Molly: but he has a lot of work so I get it
Diane: I can give you money for another pair if you want.
Molly: Nah, no point in buying new ones, I'll just wait
Diane: And remember we're going to your uncle's house on Saturday. Your cousin Danny will be there. 
Molly: ok, cool. I remember btw You remind me just about every other day :P 
Diane: I just want you to remember, because you tend to forget those things.
Molly: I really do remember this time, mom, no worries 
Summary: Molly is supposed to be taking vitamins twice a day. Her headphones will not be fixed for Friday but she prefers to wait rather than buy a new pair. Molly and her parents are going to attend a family reunion on Saturday.
Dialogue: Samantha: So did you get that job you wanted?
Aubrey: Uhh, don't even ask
Aubrey: I did get it but I had to quit after 2 weeks and look for another one
Samantha: What? Why?
Aubrey: They had unreasonable expectations >_>
Aubrey: Wanted us to do way more than the contract said
Aubrey: A lot of people just went along with it but I couldn't handle it
Samantha: Oh wow, that sucks :/ I'm sorry to hear that
Aubrey: There was also that guy Jason, he seemed kind of creepy to me, so I don't really regret it
Aubrey: Luckily mum managed to get me a job through one of her friends since she knew how much I wanted to earn some money this summer, haha
Samantha: :)
Samantha: I guess things worked out in the end, then! Will you be working there until the end of holiday?
Aubrey: Mm, I'll finish one week before that, so there'll still be some time to rest, woohoo
Samantha: Wanna come to our summer house for a couple od days?
Aubrey: I wouldn't wanna trouble you?
Samantha: Not at all! :D
Summary: Aubrey had to quit the new job after 2 weeks due to unreasonable expectations and she doesn't regret it. Her mum helped her get a summer job and she'll finish it one week before the end of holiday. Aubrey will come over to Samantha's summer house for a couple of days.
Dialogue: Maya: Are you ready?
Natalie: need 10 more minutes
Richard: Wait for me please. I'm in a meeting, I'll be right back
Maya: ok let me know. ready when you are.
Natalie: sorry Maya I'm doing my best!
Maya: take it easy Nat :)
Summary: Maya is going to wait for Natalie and Richard as long as it'll take.
Dialogue: Betty: <file_other>
Betty: Maybe you should think over you diet :D:
Steven: It seems like you can't do anything nowadays
Steven: Everything we have contact with causes cancer :(
Steven: Here's my opinion - life causes death
Betty: Seriously you shouldn't ignore this!
Steven: Come on. If you want to avoid cancer causing things, you should move to the jungle on a different planet and wear a space suit.
Steven: On this list you sent there is UV radiation causing cancer. 
Steven: Meaning that literally the daylight can make you sick. 
Betty: It's about long-term exposure.
Steven: Yup. Generally spending time outside in summer gives you cancer.
Betty: Don't neglect scientific reasearch.
Steven: I'm not. But I just think life is too short to get paranoid over everything
Steven: I fully support fighting with smoking in public places, convincing people to quit smoking, start diverse diet and avoid unhealthy food.
Steven: But I'm honestly surprised that scientist devote so much time to analyze what and how causes cancer, and there is still no certain cure for it.
Steven: The more we study world, the more substances we analyze, and the more we analyze the more conclusions we have.
Steven: So in near future we might learn that literally everything causes cancer because that's how the world was programmed 
Betty: I'm no radical paranoic Steve I'm just saying, that if you don't have to expose yourself to additional risk, then don't do it.
Summary: Betty warned Steven about some cancer-causing part of his diet. He refuses to avoid it.
Dialogue: Mary: Hello guys!
Mary: Boarding games tmrw at 6
Mary: How about that?
Peter: Where?
Mary: Hmm, at my place?
Peter: Sounds good to me
Matthew: I don't think I'll make i
Mason: OK, fine with me
Matthew: it
Matthew: I have to study
Mary: :(
Matthew: Exam on tuesday, sooo
Matthew: Study hard
Summary: Mary wants to invite Peter and Matthew over. Peter can make it but Matthew can't due to the exam on Tuesday. 
Dialogue: Adam: Are u still at home?
Mary: Yes.
Mary: Why?
Adam: I forget my wallet.
Summary: Adam forgot his wallet and Mary is still at home.
Dialogue: Kate: hey I think you still have my DKNY dress with you
Sharon: really? I think I returned it.. its been half a year since I borrowed…
Kate: no I don’t think you did I just went through my closet and its not there
Kate: then I realized you borrowed it and after 2 days of your event I went vegas and came back after 3 months so I think both of us forgot..
Sharon: hmmm… I really don’t remember I would look for it 
Kate: thanks .. I actually need it by Sunday .. so please try to be quick
Sharon: sure I will be sorry for the inconvenience . 
Kate: oh no… it happens 
Sharon:  would let you know soon
Kate: thanks
Summary: Sharon never returned Kate's DKNY dress that she borrowed half a year ago. They both forgot about it, but Sharon will now give it back to Kate as she needs it by Sunday. 
Dialogue: Robert: <file_other>
Ellis: and i'm listening to whitney houston :'-D that's cool, but i prefer the rendition by voces8 ;P
Robert: hahaha (Y), you in da city?
Ellis: goin
Robert: and the cap before or after the new years?
Ellis: dunno yet
Robert: OK
Ellis: why dyou ask? ^^
Robert: just curious. I will be there next week. I got one gig there, moneverdi.
Ellis: awesome!
Robert: small thing, small role and chorus
Ellis: dreamy. Take it, gig is a gig. im going to eat sth cause im starved to death
Robert: they pay quite well
Ellis: (Y)
Robert: So I take this pig in a poke blindfolded :d haha
Ellis: (Y)
Robert: and will take some classes at the same time
Ellis: (Y)
Robert: we could arrange sth together, whaddya think?
Ellis: (Y) (Y) (Y)
Robert: some new ideas or insprations will come to the surface :D :D :D
Ellis: If you want to do something you have to do something
Robert: haha Ellis Coelho
Ellis: :D
Robert: <file_photo>
Summary: Robert will be there next week. He has a gig in Moneverdi. Ellis and Robert will arrange something together. 
Dialogue: Lea: wow the cast of the new Dune film is super impressive
Dustin: yesss can't wait to see the film
Jerry: did you read the books Dustin?
Dustin: yea I'm a big fan
Jerry: I only read the first three, I like them
Lea: I haven't ready any :( but it's on my list
Jerry: well darling you have some time before the movie hits the theatres :)
Dustin: Chalamet, Isaac, Bardem is in talks, AWESOME
Summary: Lea likes the cast of new Dune film. Dustin is a big fan of Dune books. Jerry read the first three books and liked them. Lea did not read any.
Dialogue: Catherine: Can you send me this article about abortion, pls?
Pauline: Sure, no prob. One sec.
Catherine: I wanna send it to my colleague, we talked about it yesterday at work.
Pauline: Here goes <file_other>
Catherine: Thank you! It's appalling isn't it?
Pauline: Yeah... That's why we all need to do something.
Catherine: Have you heard of any new protests we could join?
Pauline: No, but maybe they will organize sth before Christmas.
Catherine: OK, keep me posted pls.
Summary: Pauline and Catherine find the article about abortion appalling so they want to go to any new protests they could join.
Dialogue: Jenny: ya know, it wasnt cool
Amy: what?
Jenny: u telling Ted about my… holiday like seriously not cool
Amy: no offence, but what did you expect? for me to shut the fuck up when youre cheating on your boyfriend?
Jenny: since when its your business?
Amy: idk, since im a friend, both of you and him
Jenny: if youre my friend, u should just stay silent!!
Amy: maybe not -_-
Jenny: so maybe i wont talk to you anymore
Summary: Jenny is angry at Amy for telling Ted about her cheating.
Dialogue: Jessie: Hey Rose, when are you free to work on this project?
Rose: Aw fuck. When is it due again.
Jessie: End of next week. 
Rose: I'm like super swamped with all my other classes, but I have play practice all week too. 
Jessie: Yeah, I mean I get you, I have a lot going on too, but I think it's important we meet at least twice this week.
Rose: Is there no way we can just work separately and just figure out some of this stuff online?
Jessie: Rose? Seriously.
Rose: I mean I feel like this isn't really that big of a deal. Mrs. Coud isn't that harsh of a grader anyway. 
Jessie: That's not the point. The point is that we decided to work together. As a group to get this done. I think we need to meet to get this done.
Rose: You are being way too serious about this. It is not that big of a deal. We can literally turn in anything and get a good grade.
Jessie: I don't want to be the only person putting in the effort on this one. If you don't want to work together on this, I can talk to Mrs. Cloud about being on different teams.
Rose: Whoa Jess, chill. It's cool. I'll find some time this week. I'll let you know tomorrow. 
Jessie: ok.
Summary: Jessie are Rose need to hand in a project by the end of next week. They're both very busy, but Jessie insists on meeting. Rose eventually agrees to meet some time this week.
Dialogue: Ana: When you get to spend the evening together in Ritz :D <file_photo>
Derek: OMG
Jolene: so jealous
Ana: <file_photo> <file_photo>
Sarah: Awww! gorgeous! Have fun xx
Lucy: Yay!! Have fun!!!
Drake: Lucky you! Have a fab time!
Lucy: Have a cocktail on my behalf!!! xxx
Summary: Ana is spending her evening in Ritz. Derek, Sarah, Lucy and Drake expressed their recognition.
Dialogue: Dolores: Fiona, I've got something for you.
Fiona: Really? What is it?
Dolores: Surprise! We've got to meet.
Fiona: When and where? I can't wait=)
Dolores: Tonight, at McDonalds?
Fiona: All right, what time?
Dolores: Seven?
Fiona: Sure!
Fiona: Wait, no.
Dolores: What?
Fiona: Got a dentist appointment.
Dolores: So, later?
Fiona: Don't think I'll be in a mood. Tomorrow night?
Dolores: Tomorrow at seven, then?
Fiona: I will be there!!!
Summary: Fiona has a dentist appointment today. She will go to McDonalds with Dolores at 7 pm tomorrow.
Dialogue: Gina: i think we should do an intervention for David
Jimmy: you think? duh! i'm sure he's gonna love it
Jeffrey: <file_photo>
Bridget: I don't see the point, tbh
Gina: srlsy? he has been drinking since his gf broke up with him
Bridget: I know but people don't magically change over intervention
Jimmy: I'm in, Gina
Jeffrey: Bridget it's not about changing magically but about showing our concern
Gina: so do you think we should just do nothing? that's your plan?
Bridget: don't attack me, i don't have to have a plan
Jimmy: something has to be done
Jeffrey: Bridget some people wake up after intervention and get help
Jeffrey: not immediately, but still
Gina: so my idea is that we meet up before Thanksgiving at my place to talk about the details
Jimmy: sounds good to me
Bridget: let me think about it first
Jeffrey: see u there then!
Summary: Gina organize a meeting at her place before Thanksgiving to talk about intervention for David, who hasn't stopped drinking since his girlfriend broke up with him. Bridget is not convinced but she will think about it. 
Dialogue: Adrien: I've binge watched the Crown
Max: What? so booooring
John: hahahah
Adrien: I've watched the whole Netflix I believe, only the Crown was left
Summary: Adrien has binge watched the Crown. Max finds it boring.
Dialogue: Bethany: hi girls
Bethany: the soup that I ordered yesterday was absolutely delicious
Bethany: i want to make it at home, but i dont know how :<
Elisabeth: I don't know what that was.... I only remember the colour xD
Michelle: I think its called chowda (?) or sth like that :P
Bethany: ooo thx, i will check it!!
Michelle: chowder
Michelle: corn chowder
Bethany: yes, thats it! thank you :*
Elisabeth: was it really so tasty? Maybe i will also try to make it one day
Bethany: yeeeeees, it tasted so good, and its vegan
Elisabeth: hmmmm interesting
Bethany: <file_other>
Bethany: here's a recipe :) 
Summary: Bethany wants to make a corn chowder. She ordered it yesterday and it was tasty. Elisabeth wants to make it one day too.
Dialogue: Nick: You there? Your skype's off.
Nick: I'll be online till 3:30.
Ted: Sorry mate. Already connected.
Ted: Getting the signal?
Summary: Nick needs Ted to contact him via Skype before 3.30.
Dialogue: Marge: Kids are out. They have a slumber party ;)
Homer: I'll be home early than ;)
Marge: What do you want to do?
Homer: Candle-lit dinner and then ...
Marge: Where?
Homer: Does it matter?
Summary: Kids are not at home so Homer is going to come home early and have a candle-lit dinner with Marge.
Dialogue: Ken: Can I use someone's computer?
Kian: What happened to yours?
Ken: It's in service 
Miriam: You could use mine for now but I'll be in the office in the afternoon
Ken: I need it for about ten minutes
Ken: I need to upload some files to the server
Miriam: Then go ahead. I'll send you the password in private 
Summary: Ken's computer is in service. Ken is going to upload some files to the server on Miriam's computer.
Dialogue: Jen: Are you going to see the band Sat nite?
Laura: No. Can’t. No moolah!
Jen: Aw, though you got paid yesterday!
Laura: I did, but rent, food, etc, etc, etc!!!!!
Jen: Blah!
Summary: Jen isn't happy about Laura not going to the concert Saturday night. Laura got paid yesterday but she has spend it on rent, food, etc.
Dialogue: Anne: Do you know how to fix a tap?
Heidi: What's wrong with it?
Anne: It's leaking...
Eve: Where?
Anne: From the bottom.
Eve: I would have to see it...
Anne: <file_video>
Summary: Anne's tap is leaking. She's asking Eve for advice on how to fix it.
Dialogue: Ray: The worst thing about me is that I should be working right now.
Ray: But I can't resist watching another episode :D
Ray: So I'm watching full of remorse now
Bruce: Hahaha. It's sounds also like me.
Bruce: Not now maybe, but from time to time I get stuck in exact same situation.
Bruce: What are you watching?
Bruce: A russian series about a guy who helps finding criminals with his sense of smell.
Bruce: Funny and not demanding
Bruce: But I can't help it and I can't stop watching :D
Ray: Enjoy watching then. :D
Ray: Have fun :D
Summary: Ray is watching another episode instead of working. Bruce is watching a Russian series about a guy, who is after criminals.
Dialogue: Jackie: Hey, girl! Long time no see! How's life?
Nicole: Hey! Nice hearing from ya! I'm good. Just moved in with David a couple of months ago.
Jackie: Oh, congrats! How is it going living with him?
Nicole: Well, it comes with it's challenges. He and I have very different attitudes towards living space. I mean as long as he has a place to sleep, he basically doesn't care how his apartment looks. As for me, I like to have a home it's nice to come back to.
Jackie: I feel you. It was the same when I first moved in with Bob, but let me tell you, it's possible to get rid of those habits. Just takes some years of practice unfortunately ;)
Nicole: yeah... years, that's what I was afraid of. I mean aside from these aesthetic differences it's great living with him. And on the bright side, he REALLY doesn't care how his apartment looks like so he doesn't mind me redecorating it :P
Jackie: Same with Bob :) But seriously, now he's like a different man - he actually actively wants to have nice things in the house.
Jackie: But maybe he just got older.
Nicole: Ha, hope David gets older soon.
Summary: Nicole has recently moved in with David and describes Jackie their life together. Jackie shares her experience about her life with Bob.
Dialogue: Kinga: Are we going for lunch in an hour? 
Ariana: Idk 
Ariana: Im hungry rn I might just go now 
Kinga: Hmmm 
Ariana: I will just go now 
Kinga: K no problem 
Ariana: Starving! 😥
Summary: Kinga wants to go for lunch with Ariana in an hour. Ariana is starving though, so she will go for lunch right now. 
Dialogue: Martha: Am I the only one who does not know how to plan expenses?
Fino: What do you mean exactly?
Dominique: me too :c
Martha: It's 5th and I eat dinner with my grandma because she knows how to manage money
Martha: I feel poor af
Fino: maybe you're impulsive when you shop
Fino: or you party too much
Dominique: I can't afford going to a dentist this month
Martha: doesn't your insurance cover that?
Fino: damn that's serious
Fino: I mean, HOW
Fino: what eats up your salary?
Martha: maybe it's partying
Martha: I dunno
Fino: guys I think you should spend some time with our credit card history, look at your expenses and then think how to cut down stuff
Dominique: I don't have the insurance
Martha: Dominique, are u sure? as a student you should
Fino: Martha's right
Fino: if not, you can do some paperwork and get med insurance easily
Dominique: I didn't know that
Dominique: thanks
Martha: so I should live without parties then? that's shitty
Fino: it depends on your priorities
Fino: and on how much you like your grandma's dinners
Martha: I love her and her food but I'm ashamed when I can't afford food
Dominique: i feel ya
Dominique: I just realised I wasted so much money on private health care X.X
Fino: well at least you know now
Martha: gotta go, bye
Summary: Martha had a dinner with her grandma, because she's broke. Dominique lost a lot of money on private health care.
Dialogue: Constance: hello guys. I've created this group in connection with prof. Times, who, as we all know, is very often unfair towards many of us. I spoke to some of you, I also spoke to the authorities at the univeristy and the suggestion is to prepare the piece of writing, at the end of which all of you, including me, will lieave the signature. Please, confirm the reception of this message and your willingness to sign the above-mentioned writing. kisses
Freddie: I'm in. No person will ever treat me like he did
Erica: me too
Dorothy: yes!!!!!
Lena: I wana sign it too
Summary: Constance, Freddie, Erica, Dorothy and Lena agree that professor Times has been unfair towards his students and treats them badly. They are going to prepare and sign a document against him.
Dialogue: Sharon: hey did you do much today in Spanish?
Erikah: i thought you were there today :o
Sharon: yeah I was there for the first class, had to leave before the second one
Erikah: ooooh
Hazel: we did the past tense
Sharon: could you send me some notes pretty please? :)
Hazel: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Sharon: thank you so much! ^^
Hazel: :)
Summary: Hazel sent Sharon notes from today's Spanish class.
Dialogue: Tina: Donna, help! I need a recepie for vegan gluten-free cookies, now! The ones you did last month, remeber?
Donna: Yes! Gimmie a sec!
Tina: OK!
Donna: <file-other>
Tina: Thx! Gotta go!
Donna: No problem, take care!
Tina: Wait, there are eggs in these! 
Donna: Sorry, wrong link! 
Donna: <file_other>
Tina: Thx a lot! You saved my life! 
Summary: Tina wants a recipe tor vegan gluten-free cookies. Donna sends her a link,
Dialogue: Jackie: Hi! Thank you  so much for thinking of me on my birthday with such a lovely card. Have a wonderful day!
Sharon: You're welcome! What are you doing?
Jackie: Not much, just a meal out and a quiet night with telly.
Sharon: Sounds good. We should do something next week.
Jackie: Agreed. Call me?
Sharon: Sure! Have a good one!
Jackie: You as well!
Summary: Jackie received a birthday card from Sharon. Sharon will call Jackie next week.
Dialogue: Regy: hey, what time is the meeting
Mendes: 4.30
Mendes: sorry, it will be at 3.30pm
Regy: ok
Summary: The meeting is at 4:30, but Mendes will be there at 3:30 PM.
Dialogue: Anne: My cousin is coming this weekend and I would like to take him somewhere nice, any ideas? :)
Tom: Angelo's for sure - best pizza in town, decent prices, nice, classic red-white chequered table cloths style, very Italian!
Anne: Thanks a lot! I was thinking about Angelo's as well, but it happens that my cousin is Italian so I think it may be a bit risky to impress him with an Italian restaurant ;)
Carl: Fair point. What about Toff's? They are famous for having the best fish and chips in the UK.
Anne: Haven't heard about them! Where are they?
Carl: Third zone, near Highgate. The area is beautiful, really worth going, especially if someone's never been to London.
Sarah: If you're looking for something more central, I highly recommend Yori. It's a Korean restaurant, a true gem <3
Anne: What are the prices? It's not that we are really on a budget here, but wouldn't mind saving some for more touristic stuff ;)
Sarah: Cool, I find Yori affordable and their prive-value is really high in my opinion.
Carl: Same for the Toff's, they mainly sell fish and fish and chips, so maybe check with your cousin if he likes it first.
Anna: Oh, I bet he'd love to have an Instagram worthy photo with a fish and chips in London, hahaha!
Tom: If I were you, I'd focus on the bars more ;) Take him to Soho, skip the fancy ones though.
Anna: That goes without a question! Have a few places in mind already. He also has a sweet tooth, so I was thinking maybe Hummingbird?
Sarah: I think I may be joining you for that one! If not, take the salted caramel for my sake.
Anna: Always! I always go for the red velvet, even if Tom thinks it's overrated.
Tom: Because it is, it's just a normal cake with red dye in it.
Sarah: So Tom is definitely not going to Hummingbird with us :D Party pooper :P
Carl: How long is your cousin staying?
Anna: Four days so that's four lunches/dinners - waiting for your recommendations!
Tom: Hm... I would also suggest street food on Brick Lane or Borough's Market - if a party pooper may have something to say :P
Sarah: But never on a weekend! Unless you fancy getting stomped or like to waiting for your food like FOREVER. When is he coming?
Anna: Thursday to Sunday, so Thursday after flight it is then. Fortunately, he's flying in the morning. Thank you so much guys!
Carl: Our pleasure, as long as you bring us come cupcakes on Monday :D
Sarah: Yeah, three red velvets for Tom :P
Summary: Anne wants to take her cousine from Italy to somewhere nice in London. Angelo's, Toff's, Yori, Soho or street food on Brick Lane or Borough's Market are being suggested. Sarah will join them if they are going to Hummingbird.
Dialogue: Lucas: Hey Sofia, what are your plans for today? Are you up for some movie? :)
Sofia: Hi there, cinema sounds good! I need to fix some things first though :)
Lucas: Okie dokie then! You can choose the movie this time:D I also need to finish helping my granny in the garden
Sofia: Oh, you're with your granny! Say hello to her from me!
Lucas: <file_photo>
Sofia: That's sweet :D
Lucas: She sends you lots of kisses!
Sofia: Thanks! Let's stay in touch! Have a nice day :*
Lucas: Have a nice day too!
Summary: Lucas wants to go to the cinema with Sofia, he lets her choose the film and time while he's at his granny's helping in the garden.
Dialogue: Tyler: hey honey
Tyler: our family dinner is postponed
Bonnie: why, what's wrong?
Tyler: parents just called me that they managed the leave the garage
Tyler: and their car just died
Bonnie: when was the last time they checked it?
Summary: Bonnie and Tyler's parents' car is broken so they have to reschedule their family dinner.
Dialogue: Adrian: Are you coming for a coffee or not? 😆
Janet: I'll be at yours in half an hour
Janet: Wanna buy some sweets for us 😜
Janet: Any requests?
Adrian: FUDGE
Janet: Didn't see that coming 😜
Adrian: 😕
Janet: Wait..
Janet: Found it!
Adrian: You're the best! 😁
Janet: OK, coming!
Summary: Janet will be at Adrian's place for a coffee in half an hour. On his request she is buying fudge.
Dialogue: Marissa: Do you have any pics of Gary and his dad I can print and frame?
Paula: I think so! Do you need it scanned?
Marissa: Doesn't matter but I will have to scan it anyway, size it, etc.
Paula: Okay. I think I have a few I can send you via email.
Marissa: Let's use dropbox; I need them larger size/larger dpi.
Paula: Oh, okay.
Marissa: I'll send you a link and you just copy and paste them. Okay?
Paula: Yes! I can do that.
Marissa: It's for a gift, so shhhh!
Paula: I figured that!
Marissa: Knew you would!
Paula: Should be a nice gift!
Marissa: Yes! He has pics of his kids, you and his grandma, so why not his dad?
Paula: Aw, that's sweet!
Marissa: I know! LOL!
Paula: Maybe you can show me before you wrap it?
Marissa: Sure, of course!
Marissa: Probably won't be anything extravagant, just framed.
Paula: Still, would be nice to see it!
Marissa: No problem!
Summary: Marissa wants to give Gary framed pics of him and his dad as a gift. Paula will send some pics of them to Marissa.
Dialogue: Claire: Hey, when are you on vacation?
Brad: Next month, on the 20th.
Claire: Oh, yeah. I knew it was at the end of the month but I wasn't sure of the day.
Brad: Are you searching destinations?
Claire: Yeah, I was looking into some places that seem cool.
Brad: In Europe?
Claire: Yeah, that's what we've agreed on, right?
Brad: We talked about it but we've never actually agreed on something specific.
Claire: So you don't want to go somewhere in Europe?
Brad: I do!
Claire: Okay. Do you have a country in mind?
Brad: I was thinking Spain or Italy, something in the south.
Claire: Yeah, agree. I could use some sun.
Brad: Same.
Claire: So, I'm looking at some prices here. Would you rather stay in a hotel ou rent a house for a week?
Brad: I don't know, how about you?
Claire: The hotels are a little more central, but the houses have a kitchen so we could save some money on food.
Brad: Oh, yeah, That hadn't even crossed my mind. This way we don't have to eat out every time.
Claire: Exatcly, and it's actually cheaper.
Brad: Really? Then I guess it's settled.
Claire: Yes, one thing out of the way.
Summary: Brad booked time off next month, on the 20th. Brad and Claire are going on vacation to Spain or Italy. They want to rent a house so they can cook and save on food.
Dialogue: Tess: Sally help!
Tess: I eat less than before but I put on weight more and more
Sally: Oh poor baby
Sally: You need to EXERCISE
Tess: I was thinking about hitting the gym or something
Sally: I highly recommend going to the gym.
Sally: Healthy body and healthy mind - all inclusive. 😃
Tess: What do you mean?
Sally: It's not only about muscles. Training releases positive emotions. 
Sally: I am not an expert but it's somehow connected with dopamine and serotonine.
Tess: I guess you're right.
Tess: I'm gonna try it soon.
Sally: Good for you!!
Tess: Cheers
Summary: Tess is eating less but still putting on weight. She will try going to the gym to exercise based on Sally's advice.
Dialogue: James: hows the weather by the way its blumin freezing right now
Mia: It's snowing on my side :D How are the dogs? 🙂
James: lucky well im missing the ends of one of my shoe laces, but generally theyre great absolute nut cases but its fun
Mia: When you start gushing about them, the you'll know that they're truly part of the family :P
James: your elcome to come see them any time, and now its time to go for a walk and freeze
Mia: (whilst singing "Walking in a Winter Wonderland")
James: Hahaha!! <file_photo>
Summary: James's dogs are well. Mia is allowed to see them any time.
Dialogue: Aliza: Hey, do you like cooking?
Miller: Yea, why you asking?
Aliza: I have been trying to cook something but not getting good results
Miller: Should i come?
Aliza: Yes If you can
Miller: Coming in 20 mins
Aliza: OK hurry up
Miller: on The way <3
Summary: In 20 minutes Miller will help Aliza in cooking.
Dialogue: Hanna: I'm tired of sunbathing ;)
Anna: Don't get too tired LOL
Hanna: I had a massage and a jacuzzi bath
Hanna: Can't talk. Having dinner now
Anna: I called you by accident
Hanna: J called and said he's pissed when looking at my photos
Hanna: I'm sooo tired of him
Summary: Anna called Hanna by accident. Hanna is tired of J.
Dialogue: Daniel: just saw your new blog post
Daniel: XD
Logan: ???
Logan: what's so funny about it? :P
Daniel: dunno
Logan: Daniel... :P
Logan: you can tell me ;)
Daniel: dunno it just sounds a lot like whining
Daniel: :D
Logan: seriously... :P
Daniel: i know i know it's just your style
Daniel: but you know for me it's funny :D
Logan: well people are liking it and commenting it
Daniel: yep i see that :P good for you i guess :d
Logan: heh...
Summary: Daniel is poking fun at Logan's new blog post.
Dialogue: Ruth: hi everyone
Ruth: I've noticed that some of you are interested in a holiday trip this summer
Ruth: so I'm writing to check your preferences and what're actually the odds that any plan will fly
Myron: Yo Ruth
Myron: I'd like to go somewhere if we manage to scare up some fellows hungry for adventure
Ruth: Ok, would you rather go to some place in Poland or abroad?
Myron: I think we shouldn't go abroad yet. We can find a nice place in our country, see how we get on and maybe the next year some longer distance trip :)
Tina: Hi :)
Tina: I agree with Myron, his vision sounds reasonable.
Paula: And so do I, hello :)
Paula: I'd also like to put forward a proposition
Paula: Let's go to Masuria! We can rent a big car, get everything we'll need and have fun at the lakes!
Myron: I like it
Tina: Me too!
Ruth: Wow, the idea's building up nicely. There's already 4 of us and a competitive proposal :)
Hugh: Hello there
Hugh: With me it's 5 cuz I want to live a fine adventure that I could tell my grandkids
Paula: Hahaha
Tina: Hugh, you must join us, we need you with your terrific sense of humor :)
Hugh: Thanks, I'm in :)
Karen: Hey!
Karen: I can't go with you because I'm going to Spain to my mom.
Karen: But I've read your conversation and I think I can help you. I've visited Masuria a few times and know fantastic places to camp :)
Ruth: Hello Karen!
Ruth: Sweet, you must tell us everything during the breaks between classes! :)
Karen: I'd love to help :)
Gerard: Can I join you, guys?
Myron: What kind of question is that?! Welcome aboard!
Ruth: Fantastic, 6 adventurous students go on a fine trip. We'll discuss the details tomorrow
Tina: I'm so excited already :) :)
Summary: Ruth, Myron, Tina, Paula, Gerard and Hugh are planning to go on a holiday trip together this summer. They have agreed on renting a car and going to Masuria. Karen can't go, because she going to Spain to her mom, but she knows Masuria and has offered help.
Dialogue: Timon: Where are you exactly, Sir? I am almost there.
Timon: Could you type it here?  
Nemo: Geomamro 42-1, the navigation says. I am standing in front of Bakseok gas station.
Timon: I arrive in 5 minutes, sir. 
Nemo: Please come quick, my car isn’t moving in the middle of the road and the cars cannot pass through.
Summary: Timon is coming for Nemo because his car broke down.
Dialogue: Lily: I wanted to thank you
Martin: For what?
Lily: I've watched the series you recommended me
Martin: Please tell me which one you mean cause I forgot
Lily: La casa de papel
Martin: Oh yes now I remember
Martin: I liked it too
Lily: It's awesome!!
Martin: I have some good news for you 
Lily: Tell me 
Martin: In Februrary will come a new season out
Lily: OMG! That is amazing
Martin: I know I'm excited too
Lily: I don't know how I will stand waiting that long for it
Martin: We could watch the new season togheter when it's out
Lily: That's a great idea!
Summary: Lily loved the series La casa de papel recommended to her by Martin. A new season is coming out in February. They will watch it together.
Dialogue: Grayson: What do you think, should I shave my head?
Gregory: what?
Halbert: you've got a great hair though...
Grayson: I'm tired of washing it and then drying...... it takes a lot of time....
Gregory: If you really want, why not
Grayson: I will do that, hope you will recognize me ;p
Summary: Grayson is going to shave his head.
Dialogue: Kevin: lunch today? I have a meeting now next to your office 
Kevin: should finish before 1pm
Leah: today impossible :(
Leah: the boss of bosses is here :/
Kevin: he doesn't know people have to eat?
Leah: just the opposite... he ordered pizzas and sushi for everyone and we're gathering in half an hour
Kevin: <file_gif>
Leah: yeah... or maybe he's got some bad news?
Kevin: my boss would never buy me a cup of coffee
Leah: don't ask what your boss can do for you! ask what you can do for your boss! :D
Kevin: I will not sue him for psychological damages
Kevin: ok have to go now
Summary: Leah can't meet Kevin for lunch today because she has a gathering with the boss of bosses in half an hour.
Dialogue: Sam: happy birthday Zoe
Zoe: thankyouu ^.^  ^.^
Sam: you're welcome :)
Zoe: wow i didnt think youd remember
Sam: why wouldn't i
Zoe: i dont know
Sam: how could i forget
Zoe: ...
Summary: It's Zoe's birthday. Sam gives her wishes. Zoe didn't expect Sam to remember her birthday.
Dialogue: Ada: Pyjama party was a perfect idea!!
Matilda: Thanks :)))
Evelyn: Yes, thank you Tilly for invating me :*
Ada: We have to do it again!
Evelyn: But definitely more ice cream next time xDD
Ada: And more wine... :D
Matilda: 14 december my parents are going somewhere
Ada: Ooooo
Ada: I'm all in xD
Evelyn: So maybe now Bridget Jones 2??
Ada: Bridget Jones 2, more ice cream and more wine
Ada: Couldn't be better
Matilda: :)))
Summary: Ada and Evelyn enjoyed the pyjama party at Matilda's. They are doing it again December 14th as Matilda's parents are going somewhere.
Dialogue: Kate: Hi, when exactly are you coming back from Scotland?
Kate: Cause the last weekend of July is Audioriver and they say it's not the best date for a bachelor party...
Ann: Damn, we're coming back on the 23rd of July 
Ann: or maybe up to 2 days later, if it isn't windy enough...
Kate: :(
Ann: OK, if the last weekend of July isn't a good option, maybe the first weekend of August?
Ann: It's still two weekend to the wedding so it's rather safe
Kate: yeah, OK, that's a good thought
Ann: Most of the things are already done, so you won't have that much on your mind
Ann: And it would be a good idea for you to go somewhere and relax before the wedding.
Kate: OK, I'll look into it
Ann: Cause for you it absolutely has to be the same weekend as the bachelor party, right?
Kate: Yeah... 
Ann: OK, don't worry, we'll think of something!
Kate: Thank you. :*
Ann: Oh, come on, I'm just sorry that our cruise can screw some plans for you...
Ann: I was sure it was a safe distance from the wedding and we could go without causing any problems
Kate: Ann, it's not a problem :) Really.
Ann: OK, then, let me know what the guys say about the first weekend of August.
Kate: Will do :*
Summary: Kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party. July is not possible so she will check early August. 
Dialogue: Johana: Hi Yoli, this is my new number
Yoli: thank dear, got it. xxx
Johana: Hello dear, are you free for a pre-election diner at home - or pre-vacation- friday the 21th?
Yoli: I think so, i'll confirm to you tonight
Johana: cool
Yoli: It's ok for us 
Yoli: hum ... you didn't confirm for tomorrow and Ben would like to report as he's running the marathon this sunday
Johana: no no .. i confirm the diner. It's tomorrow 8.30 pm .Ben will have the all saturday to recover.
Yoli: 😃😃
Johana: I hope Ben was happy with his sunday's run. Enjoy your holidays
Yoli: No 😜, he was sick 😱
Johana: poor dear...
Yoli: i'm kidding, he ran it in 4.00
Johana: 👏 👏
Summary: Johana, Yoli and Ben met for dinner on Friday 21th at 8:30 PM. Ben ran a marathon on Sunday.
Dialogue: Thom: hey you need my help with the dog?
Madison: oh hi, sorry I forgot to tell you
Madison: I won't bother you today
Madison: I have 2 meetings in the afternoon and the last one is in my neighborhood
Madison: so I won't go back to the office and I'll walk him
Thom: ok
Thom: let me know next time you need
Madison: thank you!
Summary: Madison no longer needs Thom's help with the dog today. Her last meeting takes place in her area so she can take care of the dog herself.
Dialogue: Charlie: are you watching the news?
Eva: no, why?
Charlie: switch it on, quickly
Eva: what channel?
Charlie: 2
Eva: OH MY GOD it's my dad!!!
Charlie: haha I know
Eva: can't believe it
Charlie: he's famous now!
Eva: haha what a celebrity
Charlie: <file_gif>
Eva: I had no idea, seriously
Charlie: he did great though!
Eva: I'm gonna call him now
Charlie: say hi from me :)
Eva: will do :)
Summary: Eva's father in on Channel 2. Charlie thinks he's famous now, a celebrity. Eva will call her father.
Dialogue: Arianna: In the meantime, I think you'll appreciate this little gem from sunny Camden Market... <file_photo>
Mackenzie: Oh Ari. Did you go in? What was it like? Overrated??
Arianna: So it was FULL so I just got a grilled cheese to go and it was great!! Less of a cheese shop and more of a Cafe if that makes sense. Camden Market is culinary heaven though ❤
Danielle: Tomorrow around Liverpool Street station, in Shoreditch area, there is a market...it's so nice, and it’s just on Sundays and you can find everything from vintage clothes and accessories to food from all over the world. 
Arianna: Where exactly?
Danielle: It's not in one single place. It goes all around streets and alleys 😍. It used to be one of my favourite things to do on Sunday in London! Here you have a link: https://www.timeout.com/london/shopping/brick-lane-market. 
Arianna: I'll try to ask our friends about it, sounds nice!
Danielle: Highly recommended and then you can walk down until the Tower of London, cross Tower Bridge and then go along the Thames up to Tate Modern and even upper until The Houses of Parliament!
Mackenzie: I hate London so much! Much better here!!!
Arianna: Thanks again Danielle. 
Summary: Ariana is in London and Danielle recommends her some places to visit.
Dialogue: Ian: What happend?
Ian: Why u are so sad?
Mary: I lost my bike..
Summary: Mary is sad because she lost her bike.
Dialogue: Joe: did you take notes on yesterdays lecture?
Sally: i didn't go to the lecture yesterday
Joe: lol why?
Sally: are you asking me? where have you been? :D
Joe: home, sick
Sally: good excuse
Joe: that's not an excuse... I had a fever and everything
Sally: fever, right... man and their 'sicknesses' ;)
Joe: <file_gif>
Sally: hahahahahhaha
Summary: Joe and Sally were absent at yesterday's lecture and don't have any notes.
Dialogue: Allison: Have I left my car keys in your house?
Gianna: you've left some keys with a heart-shaped charm
Gianna: <file_photo>
Allison: Ok, these are they, I'm going back.
Gianna: ok
Summary: Allison left her car keys with a heart-shaped charm at Gianna's house, so she's going back. 
Dialogue: Johnny: Spike ball sesh in 15?
Sara: I'm down
Kent: Oh yeah. Mike says he's down, too.
Johnny: Alright! Let's meet in the soccer field
Summary: Johnny, Sara and Kent will meet in the soccer field.
Dialogue: Hazel:  Hank, are you busy this weekend?
Henry: Not really.
Henry: You want me to help you with wallpapering, huh? ;)
Hazel: You read my mind. :) So, could you help me?
Hazel: In exchange I'm offering delicious dinner and homemade cookies. :)
Henry: Ok, it’s a deal. :D
Henry: Of course I would help you even if you didn't offer me any cookies, but well... I'm not mad that you did it. :D
Hazel: :D Great! See you on Saturday then! :)
Henry: See ya! :)
Summary: Henry will help Hazel with wallpapering on Saturday. Hazel will treat him to dinner and homemade cookies.
Dialogue: Raquel: <file_photo> when you're down with a cold and just tiramisu makes you feel better and understood :D
Laura: <file_photo> or brownies... lol
Sarah: Hahaha!! so true! eat them all lovely
Laura: I'm so sick my bf got me a soup maker!
Sarah: omg that's so sweet!! bless him! <file_gif>
Raquel: I wish I had someone to bring me soup! All alone and sick lol
Laura: I can send him over to you. We just made fresh tomato soup <file_gif>
Raquel: Hahaha so nice. I'm just gonna drown my sickness in tiramisu!
Sarah: Laura, he makes you brownies and soup?!! marry him lol
Laura: hahaha, i'm trying! :D he's still on a trying period haha
Raquel: you're so lucky! my last bf wouldn't even give me his jumper :O
Sarah: that's so selfish! and funny too!! so he would just let you shiver and himself be warm?
Raquel: pretty much... :( I'm so ashamed of myself... how could I be with him??
Laura: mistakes of youth! learn and move on! don't be too hard on yourself! <file_gif>
Sarah: exactly!! and maybe always make sure to bring a sweater on a date lol
Raquel: hahahaha thank you girls! you always know how to make me feel better!
Sarah: Always! Love you, gorgeous! take care of yourself and get better soon! sending you big hugs
Raquel: You are always so sweet, thank you, beauty :)
Laura: Raquel, make sure you drink plenty of tea with ginger and honey. it always help my throat and keeps me warm. and it's super yummy too :)) xxx
Raquel: will do :) xxx ooo
Summary: Laura and Raquel have got a cold. Laura's boyfriend made her brownies and tomato soup. She wishes to marry him soon. Raquel is all alone at home and her last boyfriend was very selfish. Laura and Sarah cheer her up. Raquel will drink tea with ginger and honey.
Dialogue: Annie: hi
Annie: Im sorry, I cant come to the meeting tomorrow
Annie: Im not feeling well
Linnie: Oh, Im so sorry
Linnie: are you ill?
Annie: I have fever and a terrible headache
Linnie: I see
Linnie: Im sorry that you are ill:(
Linnie: take care and see you later!
Annie: thanks
Summary: Annie has a fever and a headache. Annie can't come to the meeting tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Jill: Honey please get some ibuprofen on your way back.
Frankie: what happened?
Jill: Nothing sore tooth i thought it might ease the pain
Frankie: you need to see a dentist please
Jill: yes i have made an appointment but till then need medicine
Frankie: ok i will get it.
Summary: Jill has a toothache. Frankie will buy an ibuprofen for her. Jill will see a dentist.
Dialogue: Kyle: Hey guy, just got the voddy and cigs, bottle coke too!
Quinn: Ace! Your bruv is deffo cool😎
Kyle: Yeah, he's alright. See you later?
Quinn: You bet, after tea, 6.30ish.
Kyle: Oh, ok. Outside club.
Quinn: K.
Summary: Kyle and Quinn are meeting today around 6.30 outside of the club. They are going to drink vodka and smoke cigarettes.
Dialogue: Asia: Have you seen this? <file_photo>
Ola: Who is this?
Asia: Can't you see? Marysia.
Ola: She got engaged??
Asia: Obviously, they are in Warsaw for the whole weekend
Ola: She is still in high school....
Asia: Her FIANCE isn't :P
Ola: How old is he?
Asia: Filip's age, he finished university last year
Ola: What did her mom say?
Asia: How can I know? :P
Ola: She always acted older than her age, she was raised that way
Asia: I remember what I was like at her age. I couldn't even decide what university to go to, let alone get married 
Ola: You had an easy childhood :D
Asia: So did she...
Ola: What does her future husband do in life?
Asia: I know he wanted to become something connected with the army. He studied history.
Ola: Will you meet with them? Since they are in Warsaw?
Asia: I hope not, we are too busy anyway. I hope they have more important things atm :P
Summary: Asia and Ola are talking about Marysia who is getting married. The couple is in Warsaw now, but Asia is busy and will not meet them.
Dialogue: Rob: i am signing up for a windsurfing camp this year
Rob: this is gonna be so cool
Rob: <file_gif>
Charles: ohh someone is gonna break a leg or two hahaha
Charles: nah just kidding mate
Leo: this is nice, where are you going to?
Leo: i have tried it once on holidays
Leo: but did not really catch the vibe of it
Charles: i would maybe like to try to, so where you going Rob?
Rob: Hel peninsula, let me send you a link real quick
Rob: <file_other>
Charles: thanks i will look into it, sounds like a lot of fun
Leo: i wanna try water skiing next
Mike: i have been on a windsurfing camp like 3 or 4 years ago and i could not recommend it more
Mike: it is so much fun, wish i had time to go this year...
Leo: i am still not convinced :D gonna stick with water skiing for now
Summary: Rob is signing up for a windsurfing camp in Her Peninsula this year. Leo wants to try water skiing. Mike recommends a windsurfing camp.
Dialogue: Leon: Hello my dear friends, we hope you are fine. We are missing you every day.
Danny: Hello Leo, we are missing your generous hospitality very much. Yours has been the most hospitable place of all we've had in Cuba.
Leon: You are too kind, Danny. And I mean what I said in my airbnb review: you two are the best and most memorable guests we have ever had in our Casa Leo.
Danny: We surely don't deserve so much praise :$ :$ :$
Leon: Thank you ever so much for your kind and generous write-up for airbnb!
Danny: You are doing a tremendously good job. Keep it up!
Leon: How is your stay in Trinidad? Have you found good accommodation?
Danny: Much to our shame I have to admit that we decided to stay in Las Cuevas, a state-run hotel. And that for a simple reason that airbnb doesn't list anything sensible and we didn't want to risk walking around the town dragging our suitcases and ask around for a room to rent. This hotel is just an easy option for us. It is quite OK, a bit too expensive, but in fact quite comfortable.
Leon: I know the place. They have been in operation for nearly 60 years!
Danny: Yes, we know. It was built as a motel for American tourist touring Cuba by car. But the politics had a different plan for them. Yet they seem to be doing fine with package tours.
Leon: And organizing conferences and similar things. They are quite famous for it. I hope their food is alright for you.
Danny: It's only breakfast as we prefer to eat in town. Every day a new place! Trinidad is absolutely fantastic for food with its choice of nearly a 100 restaurants. Pity so many of them are definitely too expensive for us. They are so beautiful!
Leon: Sorry to hear that. But a fancy interior doesn't mean necessarily good food, does it?
Danny: Not at all. We are absolutely happy with the place we've visited so far. The food was always excellent and the decor interesting. Very atmospheric places!
Leon: Glad to hear it. I wish you only good experiences for the rest of your stay in Cuba.
Danny: Thank you Leon!
Leon: Pleasure.
Summary: Danny stayed at Leon's place Casa Leo in Cuba. Both wrote positive reviews of the stay on airbnb. In Trinidad Danny decided to stay in Las Cuevas, a state-run hotel. It was comfortable, but a bit expensive.
Dialogue: James: I'm at the cinema
James: Where are you guys?
Peter: Oh shit!! I forgot!!!
Adrian: LOL
Summary: James is at the cinema.
Dialogue: Carrie: hi darling, first stop
James: not  too tired?
Carrie: i'm fine, but quite a lot of traffic 
James: be carefull.
Carrie: i'll text you at my next stop. Time to go
James: love you darling
Carrie: second stop. The car was thirsty
James: lol
Carrie: did you tell Henry that you're on your own tonight?
James: yes he invites me for diner
Carrie: Boys would stay alone?
James: i booked a babysitter
Carrie: good evening then
Carrie: guess what?
James: ?
Carrie: we're stuck on the motorway since 30 minutes
James: good  luck
Carrie: 2 hours later... still stuck. I understood that 2 trucks met fiercely!
Carrie: hurra! the police is coming to clear out the cars. Poor trucks, they have to stay there. The line goes on kilometers
James: let me know when you're home.
Carrie:<file_photo>
James: home? 
Carrie: yes with a good diner. love you good night
Summary: Carrie got stuck on the motorway for two hours on her way home because of an accident. James went for dinner to Henry's and left the children with a babysitter.
Dialogue: Lukass: Heyoo
Marta: Hi Lukaaaas
Lukass: How are yaa?
Marta: Not bad hahaha and u?
Lukass: Pretty good 😊
Lukass: Watcha doing?
Marta: Sitting with my sister. Just talking. And u?
Lukass: Almost the same but my sister is watching TV and is angry at me :P
Marta: hahahah Why is she angry😊?
Lukass: She’s always angry at me because I always tell her what to do and then she just shouts out 
Marta: OMG maybe be nicer to her, at least a little bit
Lukass: i’m very nice to her, she’s the mean one 😊
Marta: Buaaaahahahah, yaaaas, of course :D
Summary: Marta is sitting with her sister. Lukass is watching TV with his sister. She's angry at Lukass, because she's being told what to do.
Dialogue: Bryson: where?
Brooke: room 14a
Bryson: ok coming
Brooke: hurry up, she's about to check the list
Summary: Bryson is coming to room 14a. She's about to check the list.
Dialogue: Nadia: <file_other>
Nadia: what do you think?
Sara: looks good
Sara: but you choose :)
Summary: Sara thinks it looks good and asks Nadia to choose.
Dialogue: Emma: <file_photo>
Steve: What's that?
Emma: Our dinner! :)
Steve: Emm, I'm so sorry...
Steve: I'm not gonna make it tonight.
Emma: But I thought we had a date...
Steve: I'm sorry I forgot. I'm going out with Andy and Liam.
Steve: I just don't want to come off as henpecked fiance.
Emma: OKAY! Great! So be a SINGLE MACHO now.
Steve: Don't start this nonsense, Emma.
Emma: You prefer your buddies to me. How am I supposed to feel?
Summary: Steve is going out with Andy and Liam tonight. He forgot about his date with Emma. 
Dialogue: Misha: How is your trip doing?
Andy: <file_photo>
Andy: <file_photo>
Linda: I'm freezing but it's worth it
Michelle: omg it's so breathtaking!
Andy: sorry it's blurred but my hands were shakings
Linda: mom's spaghetti
Misha: :D :D
Linda: I'm glad we didn't pick January, we would die here
Misha: but it isn't raining, right?
Andy: nope, but the forecast is bad
Linda: Andy was laughing at me for packing pullovers and raincoats but u see?
Linda: told ya!
Misha: how is your hotel?
Linda: I hate it
Andy: L hates it
Andy: I find it cosy
Linda: Andy has running nose so his experience is less traumatic
Misha: but don't get sick there, you have places to see
Misha: and photos to take and show me
Linda: I won't let him get sick and destroy this holiday
Andy: I'm trying
Andy: <file_gif>
Misha: god I'm so jelly
Linda: you have to go too!
Misha: we'll see :)
Andy: save up and next year you'll be there :)
Linda: ok gotta go, bye Misha!
Andy: <file_gif>
Misha: k bye!!
Summary: Andy and Linda went for a trip. The weather is cold there but they enjoy it. Linda doesn't like the hotel they are staying in, she thinks it's smelly. Andy has running nose.
Dialogue: Randolph: anyone thereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Megan: yeah, what is it?
Randolph: what was the homework for tomorrow xXD
Richard: ex. 3, p. 45
Randolph: thanks man
Summary: The exercise 3 from page 45 is for homework.
Dialogue: Rod: Can you send me you email address?
Stewart: Sure.
Stewart: stewart@gmail.com
Rod: Thanks. Check your box in five minutes.
Stewart: All right.
Summary: Stewart sends Rod his email address: stewart@gmail.com. Stewart will check his mailbox in five minutes. 
Dialogue: Emma: Sam, you there?
Sam: yes
Sam: do you need anything?
Emma: not really
Emma: just wanted to chat
Sam: why not :)
Sam: so anything interesting going on?
Emma: same old
Emma: we're moving to a new office within the next 2-3 weeks so it's pretty hectic
Sam: how's the new place?
Emma: I've only seen it from the outside
Emma: so I don't know
Sam: and the location?
Emma: can't complain there
Emma: much closer to my home than now
Sam: that should help
Sam: seeing how you're always complaining about all the time you waste going to and from work
Emma: true, I'm really looking forward to it
Emma: anything interesting in your life?
Sam: not really
Sam: same boring routine
Sam: still, I can't really complain since they're paying very well
Emma: as long as you have a motivation
Emma: things should be easier for you
Sam: true
Sam: someone is ringing the door
Sam: need to check that
Sam: I'll catch you later on
Emma: sure, bye
Summary: Emma's moving to a new office in the next 2-3 weeks. New location is closer to her house. Sam is paid well in his job. Somebody is ringing at Sam's door.
Dialogue: Madison: should I wear the blue dress or the green dress?
Amelia: show me both
Madison: <file_photo>
Amelia: green one, definitely!
Madison: which shoes??
Amelia: the black high heels, the ones you had on last time
Summary: Amelia picked the black high heels and green dress for Madison.
