Dialogue: Sandra: I've got pms and I'm so hangry!
Sue: hah, same here:D
Sue: i could be eating and eating today
Sue: I've just had fish fingers and a banana and I'm still hungry
Sandra: what???? o_O??
Sandra: fish fingers and a banana?
Sandra: maybe u're pregnant?
Sue: hah, nope, I don't think so...
Sue:  I can anything these days...
Sandra: me2 and then I'm getting more and more swallen
Sandra: actually  I look like a pig today day and my face is so round <file_gif>
Sandra: Tom wanted to meet but I refused...
Sue: wise choice:D 
Sue: u know what? maybe it was not the best choice to eat fish and a banana...
Sue: I want to puke now...
Sandra: sounds like a plan ^^
Sue: fuck u bitch!
Sandra: or u can drink some mint, it always help me
Sue: ok, i'll try, thx
Sue: anyway, I need to rest now, bb l8er
Summary: Sandra has PMS and is not feeling well. She canceled her meeting with Tom. Sue has eaten a banana and fish fingers and is feeling nauseous. Sandra thinks drinking mint might help.
Dialogue: Homer: I'm going to take a nap.
Lois: You should put your phone in airplane mode.
Homer: That's a good idea.
Lois: Do you want me to wake you up in an hour?
Homer: No, thanks. Just let me sleep until I wake up.
Lois: Ok, get some rest.
Summary: Homer is going to take a nap and doesn't want to be woken up.
Dialogue: John: GUESS WHAT
Frank: hmm?
John: I'm getting a dog!
Frank: whoa, you're parents gave in???
John: yeah!!!
John: I honestly thought they never would
John: especially mum said no way, that she knew who'd end up having to take care of everything
John: but I promised I'd arrange it so I could go on walks during lunch and so on
Frank: wow, congratulations, man
Frank: you've always told me that you'd like to have one and the day has finally come!
John: I'm honestly SO happy
Frank: are you adopting or getting a purebred?
John: dad keeps telling me to get one from a breeder, but I really think it's better to adopt
John: I mean those little guys just get killed if they aren't adopted...
John: and I don't have any particular breed in mind anyway
John: I just know I'd like a larger one
Frank: I was about to ask you that, haha
Frank: can't picture you with a chihuahua
John: well, I guess I'll see at the shelter, who knows
John: I might just fall in love with a tiny dog
Frank: will your parents be going with you to choose one?
Frank: I was a little reluctant about this at first but I guess since we live together, it seems only fair that they have a say in that
John: I hope they won't be making any more problems, then
Frank: me too... I really hope so
Summary: John's parents finally let him have a dog. John prefers to adopt one. He will go to a shelter with parents.
Dialogue: Alexander: you know that serbian independet film i've been wanting to watch for a while?
Karina: no
Karina: i have no idea what you're talking about :-/
Alexander: we've seen the previews together
Alexander: it's in black and white
Alexander: yellow subtitles cover half of the screen... you really don't remember?
Karina: i don't, sorry :-(
Alexander: i swear we've seen the preview about 100 times
Karina: lol it doesn't ring a bell!! hahahah
Alexander: anyway, it's coming out TONIGHT!!!
Alexander: i'm so excited, you wanna come with me?
Karina: i can't i'm sorry :-/
Karina: i have to wake up really early tomorrow for track practice
Karina: i need my 8 hours of beauty sleep
Alexander: your loss k
Alexander: i hear this is THE movie of the year
Karina: have a great time!
Summary: Alexander is excited about a new film coming out and invites Karina to the cinema tonight, but she can't make it. 
Dialogue: Dolores: tired?
Jack: exhausted...
Jack: ;(
Dolores: I can imagine... 
Dolores: are you coming back already?
Jack: Yeah, I should be home in half an hour
Dolores: OK
Dolores: Maybe I should reschedule my appointment and wait for you?
Jack: no, don't do that
Jack: you've been waiting for this for a long time
Jack: I'll manage. Is there anything to eat?
Dolores: Sure, there's a whole lasagna for you in the fridge.
Jack: great
Jack: Don't worry about me, honey, just do your thing and I'll see you in the evening
Dolores: OK, if you say so. Love you, hun. ;*
Jack: Love you too :*
Summary: Jack is coming home. Dolores has an appointment set but she left him a lasagne in the fridge.
Dialogue: Kai: We got a new puppy!
Anna: Oh! I want to see!
Kai: You will.
Anna: What's the name?
Kai: Pepper! He has black spots! <file_pic>
Anna: Cutie!
Summary: Kai got a new puppy. His name is Pepper. 
Dialogue: Mariella: Anybody wants a sandwich?
Marion: are you going to the fat lady?
Mariella: yes!
Jerry: buy one for me, with pecorino cheese
Marion: and for me, one with cheddar
Mariella: done!
Summary: Mariella will buy a pecorino cheese sandwich for Jerry and one with cheddar for Marion.
Dialogue: Lynn: I don't get it.
Norrie: What?
Lynn: Why do men like fishing so much?
Pat: My husband goes fishing every time he can. And he takes our son with him.
Lynn: And what do u then?
Pat: Invite u over ;) 
Norrie: Rotfl
Lynn: Still, what's so interesting about fishing?
Pat: Maybe they want to be alone for some time?
Norrie: Maybe they need some time off from us? ;)
Lynn: Mine says it's relaxing.
Pat: I relax in the bathtub. I don't need to leave home for a couple of days.
Norrie: I read books. Cheaper than fishing ;)
Lynn: That's another thing! Why does it have to be so expensive?
Pat: Don't know. What u really need is a rod and a line. And that's it.
Norrie: Mine keeps all these insects and bugs in the garage! Eyew!
Lynn: And u allow him to do that?
Norrie: I don't really have a choice.
Summary: Lynn is wondering why men are so interested in fishing.
Dialogue: Sash: what you on
Red: nowt
Sash: im comin over
Red: ok 
Sash: make sure you got the controller
Red: fuck off mate bring ur own
Sash: cmon dont be like that
Red: no you bang the fuck outta my shit 
Sash: ok ok
Summary: Sash is coming over to Red's with his own controller.
Dialogue: Erin: hey girls, Jerry just said the wifi is down in the camp so for now I will stay in my apartment ;)
Alice: ok, thanks for the heads up!
Erin: I might go for an afternoon swim in the pool though ;)
Becky: Sounds good to me!
Alice: Count me in, too! What time?
Erin: 3pm?
Alice: Alright :)
Becky: Good, see you then ;)
Summary: Wifi is down in the camp. Erin will stay home now. Erin, Alice and Becky are going for a swim at 3 pm.
Dialogue: Chris: How come you're always right
Tom: ?
Chris: You told me she won't be good and she was a disaster.
Chris: Lost 30€ on her.
Tom: Who?!
Chris: Just left a mess behind no better that before.
Chris: That fricking cleaning woman!
Tom: Not my fault. I told you to take one with references.
Chris: Couldn't find any on such a short notice.
Chris: Blast! Dunno how to sort it out now.
Summary: Chris lost 30€ on the cleaning lady who didn't do her job properly.
Dialogue: Jamie: Never heard of him
Anne: If you're not kidding, are you in for a treat!
Jamie: not kidding, I'm (sad)? to say
Anne: He has a small but pivotal part in Get Out and he's fantastic as the lead in Sorry to Bother You. And while Death Note and The Girl in the Spider's Web aren't particularly good movies, he's good in them.
Jamie: thanks, I'll keep my eyes peeled 👍
Anne: Watch him in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Jamie: Sure, i will :)
Summary: Anne likes some actor even though she didn't enjoy his movies. Jamie never heard of him but will watch him in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Dialogue: Theresa: Is anybody at the gym today?
Camilla: I'm heading there in 10 minutes, why?
Josh: I'll go to the gym as well probably later today
Theresa: I just lost my wallet somewhere and I suppose it could be in the gym
Theresa: could you ask at the office there?
Theresa: if the cleaning ladies found anything
Camilla: sure, I will
Camilla: and let you know
Theresa: thx!
Summary: Camilla will be going to the gym in 10 minutes. Josh will go to the gym later today. Theresa lost her wallet somewhere. Camilla will ask at the gym office if it has been found and let Theresa know. 
Dialogue: Matt: I'll be there at 8:15pm or so.
Matt: Waiting for you in the lobby.
Jane: Cool. I'll come down.
Jane: Let me know when you do get here.
Matt: BTW any idea where we're going out to eat tonight?
Jane: Nope. I asked the guys at reception but they reckon it is all dead expensive around here.
Jane: Thought you might have some ideas. ;-)
Matt: I was thinking of just going for a walk and see what we find.
Jane: Kinda lovely idea but it's like minus 5 out there.
Jane: Think we'll turn into icicles before we find dinner. LOL
Matt: Fair point!
Matt: I'll see what uncle Google has to say about eateries around here.
Jane: :-)
Summary: Matt will be waiting for Jane in the lobby tonight at 8:15 p.m. or so. According to the hotel staff, the nearby restaurants are expensive, and it's cold outside, so Matt will use Google to look for a place to eat.
