Dialogue: Tess: What should I bring to the party?
Kaila: People bring a lot of food, but we’re still short of cookies!
Tess: I see, I’ll think what I can do ;)
Kaila: I’ll have types of alcohol so don’t be concerned about that :D
Tess: Looks like the best party even in our department ;p
Kaila: Sure!
Summary: Tess should bring some cookies to the party, no need to bring any alcohol as Kaila has plenty.
Dialogue: Christina: At what time does the concert start?
Leslie: 8 PM
Leslie: Still we need to be there earlier.
Christina: So when?
Leslie: Let's meet at 7 in front of the Dome?
Christina: It's a big place, I don't think "in front" will do the trick.
Christina: Especially before the concert, there's bound to be lot of people.
Leslie: True.
Leslie: How about near the statue?
Christina: There's two of them near the Dome.
Leslie: I'm still talking about the front, so the one with the birds.
Christina: Sure, shouldn't be hard to find each other if we stay close to it.
Leslie: Great, it's settled then.
Leslie: 7 PM, in front of the Dome, near the "birds" statue.
Summary: The concert starts at 8 PM. Leslie and Christina will meet at 7 PM in front of the Dome near the statue with the birds.
Dialogue: Hailey: heyoooo, I got an important question for you
Peter: hi, listening
Hailey: are you doing anything on Sunday?
Peter: I guess not. Why are you asking?
Hailey: cool, causei'm throwing a house-warming party and wanted you to come :D
Peter: coooooool, Sunday you say?
Hailey: Yes. In the evening I guess, a lot of fun, a lot of alcohol, party hard as we like 
Peter: then I can't say no xD I hope I'll come home under my own steam xDdd
Hailey: Don't worry, there are many beds to take a nap here :D
Peter: You're talking about a nap, I'm considering dying from intoxication...:'D
Hailey: Don't you piss me off xD Just come and have fun
Peter: Ok xDDD Just let me know about the details soon
Summary: Peter will come to Hailey's house-warming party on Sunday.
Dialogue: Rob: RDR2 at 5??
Tom: I wish, but I got sth to do
Mark: I won't make it
Rob: Ok
Mark: But can be tmrw
Rob: Tomorrow I'm going with Sara to her parents
Mark: Hmm so next week?
Summary: Rob wanted to play RDR2 at 5, but Tom and Rob are busy. Mark's available tomorrow, but Rob is going with Sara to her parents.
Dialogue: Carl: Someone ate my yoghurt!
Carl: Again!!
Walter: Wasn't me
Ricardo: Me neither
Walter: Maybe it was the girl next door
Ricardo: She's so hot. She could eat my yoghurt as much as she wants
Walter: LOL
Summary: Someone ate Carl's yoghurt again. Walter and Ricardo don't admit to doing that.
Dialogue: Parker: Hello. Which colour are we supposed to wear for the engagement party?
Powell: Hello
Powell: A white T-shirt and black trouser
Parker: 👍
Summary: Parker and Powell need to wear specific clothes for the engagement party.
Dialogue: Yvonne: I met Julia in the canteen 
Selma: Is she back from Cuba?
Thomas: Apparently.
Yvonne: She told me she would "have to" go to Colombia/Venezuela border
Yvonne: She got some funding from an NGO
Yvonne: She "really needs to see" the crisis herself 
Selma: This is ridiculous
Selma: There is a humanitarian crisis there
Selma: I'm sure the money could be better spent
Selma: Instead of paying for Julia's flight
Selma: For her to "see the crisis herself"
Thomas: This is insane
Thomas: But doesn't surprise me 
Thomas: Many NGOs spend money in absurd ways 
Summary: Yvonne met Julia in the canteen. Julia is back from Cuba and got funding from NGO. 
Dialogue: Paula: just leaving the hairdresser
Paula: be there in 15 minutes
Rachel: ahh come on Paula, the movie is already starting
Sally: haha told you she will be late
Sally: as usual :D
Paula: sorry :((( you know me... 
Summary: The movie has almost started but Paula is going to be late, as usual.
Dialogue: Carl: Hey, guess what???
Lewis: What???
Carl: I may have come into a lot of money!
Lewis: What do u mean?
Carl: I got word that my uncle back in Europe left a bit of a fortune behind and I'm in his will!!
Lewis: Cool, do u know how much you'll be gettin'?
Carl: Nope, but the suspense is killing me. I'll probably find out later this week. Keep your fingers crossed for me.
Lewis: Ok ;-) Talk to you later
Carl: Yup, see ya
Summary: Carl is in his uncle's will so he may come into a lot of money. Carl will probably find out this week. Lewis will keep his fingers crossed and will talk to Carl later.
Dialogue: Kev: I soooo don’t feel like doing ANYTHING
Kev: guess I’ll go and work on the computer a bit
Kev: <file_gif>
Rachel: how about the gym?
Rachel: can you go today?
Kev: no, today is too soon
Summary: Kev can't go to the gym as it's too soon, and he will work on the computer instead. 
Dialogue: Jonas: Hey
Jonas: Fedora is having a cosmetics consultant tonight
Jonas: Wanna join? xd
Shayla: Oh interesting! 
Shayla: Idk if I can make it tonight
Shayla: I will letcha know ok? 
Jonas: It will be very informative! 
Jonas: Just letcha know if you're coming then! 
Shayla: okay xd
Summary:  Fedora is having a cosmetics consultant tonight so Jonas wants Shayla to join. Shayla will let him konw if she can make it.
Dialogue: Jason: OMG this article I read, you guys..
Mark: The one you send me earlier? 
Jason: Yeah! That’s the one
Bob: What about it? 
Jason: It’s just so eye-opening, it’s about resumes, how we throw those that don’t look neat and well organized, and how people that don’t have skills to spice them up might not get a job just cause they suck at word, but may be good at what they do
Bob: Sounds like garbage, everyone know you gotta know office programs now
Mark: Not necessarily, what about people that don’t even use it, and they have to write sth like that, like older people
Jason: I know and I’m thinking of an app now to generate the organized content for those
Bob: And of course for free? You have no head for business
Jason: Maybe, but maybe someone also will get a job cause of it:D
Bob: If you say so
Jason: Maybe I'll sell it to some portal that hires people
Bob: Jason our savior;D
Summary: Jason thinks because of lack of computer skills a lot of people are excluded from possibility of being recruited to work. Bob and Mark are skeptical. Jason is thinking of creating an app to ease the process of creating a resume.
Dialogue: Monica: Becky, will you make that white chocolate tart of yours for today? :)
Becky: the one with advocaat?
Monica: yes! and blueberries!
Gabe: Oh yeeeeeeeeees!
Becky: I was actually thinking about making a proper cake, with layers etc...
Monica: no no no please, I was waiting for months for that tart
Gabe: Me too and you know I don't like sweets
Becky: ok ok I thought it might be too... normal? boring?
Monica: I don't care, I'm waiting already
Summary: Becky will make a chocolate tart with advocaat and blueberries.
Dialogue: Evelyn: Pete I'll be late, pls tell that Mr. Dickinson
Peter: but the meeting is in 15 minutes!
Peter: He's gonna kill you
Evelyn: I know, but I needed to get Mary to school and now I'm stuck in traffic :(
Peter: <file_gif>
Peter: perhaps Mr. Dickinson will also be late…
Evelyn: I wish, but he never is…
Evelyn: I hope this meeting won't be disaster
Peter: <file_gif>
Summary: Evelyn wants Pete to inform Mr. Dickinson she will be late to their meeting because she is in traffic after she dropped off Mary at school.
Dialogue: Ingrid: how is Ollie getting on in school? 
Bea: He is doing great, thanks. He took a little while to settle but now he is loving it! How about Kai?
Ingrid: He is doing very well. He moved with about 8 kids from nursery so the change isn’t too big for him. I think he just felt he was moving up a level rather than changing schools. Does Ollie know anyone already?
Bea: No, he doesn’t know anyone. His nursery was near our old house and we kept him there as they are great. But subsequently he doesn’t know anyone in his new school or neighbourhood! 
Kelly: That’ll come soon enough though wont it? Glad they are both getting on ok.
Ingrid: What about Lucas Kelly? How is he settling in?
Kelly: He hates it. He really doesn’t like school or the people in it…
Bea: no way! Really? 
Kelly: yeah he screams the place down every morning cause he doesn’t want to go…
Ingrid: Oh no Kelly!! That’s so hard! I didn’t realise. Have you spoken to school about it?
Kelly: yeah they gave me some tips and gave Lucas a sticker chart in the school for if he comes in without crying. So far not a lot has worked though.
Bea: what are you going to do?
Kelly: I don’t know, I’m thinking of home schooling maybe?
Ingrid: he is just so shy isn’t he? Home schooling is going to be hard though, with a baby and a job as well…
Kelly: I know. I’ll have to stop work I guess…
Bea: Oh no Kelly, I feel for you. Is there anything I can do to help? I can take him to school on days Matthew is taking Ollie? Of have Ellis for a bit?
Ingrid: Have school not got any other solutions? Surely they have seen this before?
Kelly: I have a meeting with them next week to discuss it again. I really hope they come up with some good ideas. I’m getting a bit desperate to be honest…
Bea: oh bless you I can imagine. Hopefully they can help him (and you)
Kelly: Thanks Bea, I might take you up on that offer though. I wouldn't give you Lucas to take to school, but could do with a break from Ellis! 
Bea: Anytime babe! 
Ingrid: Good luck Kel! 😘😘
Summary: Ingrid's and Bea's sons are doing well in their new schools, even though Ollie didn't make any friends. Kelly's having problems with Lucas who doesn't like his school. Bea will help her and take care of Ellis.
Dialogue: Adam: Have you sent your reports?
Diane: I'm finishing it right now
Kelly: I sent mine yesterday
Adam: Can someone send me the template for the cover page? 
Kelly: Ok, I'll send you by email
Adam: Thanks
Adam: And the pictures should be included in the text or as attachments?
Diane: It's all in the tutorial including the cover page 
Adam: What tutorial?
Diane: Check on intranet
Adam: Intranet? What's the password?
Diane: Your CRS id
Diane: Same as you always use...
Summary: Kelly will send Adam the template for the cover page of the report.
Dialogue: Osman: Have you seen this?
Josh: Yeah, amazing match.
Osman: One of the best this season
Josh: fully agree
Osman: and the Giant played the best game ever
Josh: yeah, he's what, 21?
Osman: 19 man!
Josh: wow, that's really young
Osman: so now we're moving up the table
Josh: and we might make the playoffs as well
Osman: three games left
Josh: right. we need to win two at least
Osman: so we definitely going on Wed
Josh: absolutely. teh support 2day was amazing too
Osman: man, im still excited as hell
Josh: definitely need a drink :)
Summary: Josh and Osman are excited about the match. Josh needs a drink.
Dialogue: Darren: I'm at the taco shop, what d'ya want?
Dana: 3 baja tacos, thx!
Randy: no thanks, I already ate
Dana: and the green salsa, the spicy one
Ron: I don't care, pick whatever
Dana: and a diet coke
Darren: Ron and Randy, tell me what you want. I don't want u 2 to end up eating mine like always
Dana: can you also pick up some queso?
Darren: Ok, Dana, 3 baja, queso, diet coke. Anything else?
Ron: I don't really like tacos, can you pick up a pizza instead?
Darren: No. not on my way. We're having tex-mex today.
Ron: Geez. Fine.
Dana: you know what, can I have 2 baja and 1 brisket?
Randy: chicken quesadilla then
Darren: Dana, u sure? I'm about to order. RON?
Ron: chicken quesadilla too, easy
Dana: see if they still have that thing we had last time
Darren: No idea what you talking about. Ordering now.
Dana: just ask them
Darren: too late. last time I'm picking up food for you!
Ron: come on Dad. we looooove you!
Darren: I don't care
Summary: Darren is at the taco shop and offers to get something for his children. They have a problem with deciding. Dana takes 2 baja tacos, 1 brisket, queso and diet coke. Ron wants chicken quesadilla. 
Dialogue: Karen: Can you talk?
Peter: Not now. 15 mins.
Karen: OK, I'll call back then.
Peter: Make it half an hour. the boss is around.
Karen: sure thing. I get it.
Summary: Peter can't talk now. Karen will call him in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Adam: On which program will this interview be?
Mike: On Ch.1.
Adam: Ok, thanks, I'll be happy to see him.
Mike: Me too.
Adam: I am very curious what they will say about this case with stolen cars.
Mike: They'll probably defend him again.
Adam: It is known - the son of the prosecutor.
Adam: Relations above all
Summary: Adam and Mike are planning to watch an interview on Channel One. They are curious about the cars stolen by the prosecutor's son.
Dialogue: Liz: Ciao! Are you still in Milan?
Melvin: Ciao! Yes, I'm leaving tomorrow
Liz: Ok... could you buy a couple of things for me?
Melvin: No problem, tell me :)
Liz: How do you call those almond cookies or whatever they are?
Melvin: Amaretti?
Liz: Yes, amaretti! Could you get some of those for me? The soft ones, please
Melvin: Ok :)
Melvin: Anything else?
Liz: Let me think
Melvin: Ok, I'm here
Liz: Ok, maybe some of that chocolate from Piedmont... you know it, right?
Melvin: Yes, nocciolato?
Liz: Yeah, some of that, the sweet one, I think it's called nocciolato gianduja
Melvin: Yes
Liz: Ok, thank you!
Melvin: You're welcome, Lizzie :)
Summary: Melvin is leaving Milan tomorrow. He will buy amaretti and nocciolato gianduja at Liz's request.
Dialogue: Declan: Do you have Agatha Cooke's number? i changed my phone and i don;t have her number and i wanted to ask her something?
Charlie: Sure - sorry it's so late :/ 765938451
Charlie: er, maybe it would be better if I wrote it like this: 765 938 451
Declan: great thanks
Charlie: No problem
Declan: do you know how to login to the dropbox?
Charlie: I have no clue...
Declan: honestly I didn't really understand what we are supposed to do
Charlie: Yeah, I have a feeling that we're going to have to schedule another meeting
Declan: okay, thanks
Summary: Declan asks Charlie for Agatha Cooke's phone number and is informed that it is  765 938 451. Neither Declan nor Charlie know how to login to the dropbox and it is not clear what they are supposed to do, so Charlie suggests they have another meeting.
Dialogue: Philip: Do you think it's possible to have legal pot in Poland anytime soon?
Chris: I doubt it. It's more like 10 years from now.
Philip: :(
Chris: Yeah I feel you man.
Chris: I'm waiting for that moment too.
Chris: When you're not scared to have a plant on your own, to grow yourself a recreational MJ to chill out in the evening...
Philip: Seems like a dream.
Chris: Yup. A dream. Because if cops find such a plant in your house right now, you get a criminal record, and will be charged with drug trafficking. 
Philip: <file_other>
Philip: Have you read about this guy?
Chris: Yeah, I've seen the news. He had this giant plantation underground. He even had a secret enterence in the forest.
Philip: Shame. I'm curious about this stuff
Philip: They confiscate and destroy it. But do they destroy it all?
Chris: Hahaha. I thought about it multiple times.
Chris: They must take some for themselves. At least a tiny fraction.
Philip: We live in a country where it's totally legal to get devastated by alcohol, get drunk and every shop has a variety of vodka on shelves, and you can be put in prison for smoking a joint.
Chris: Sad bad true.
Chris: <file_other>
Chris: But there is always hope.
Chris: More and more states in the US legalizes weeed. Latetly Canada made some progress.
Chris: And now I hear something about Luxembourg getting ready with it.
Philip: Maybe EU has some concept for it.
Chris: It would be the first and probably last good decision the EU officials made :)
Philip: Hahahah.
Philip: You really don't like the EU do you?
Chris: I don't like the way it functions. The idea itself was good, but the way it evolves is hideous.
Philip: This is the topic for another time though...
Philip: Gotta go. Say hello to Jenny.
Chris: Sure thing! Bye! 
Summary: Philip and Chris are waiting for the time when pot is legal in Poland. Chris doesn't like the way the EU functions.
Dialogue: Kate: I had a nice day today
Kate: the meeting with the students was very good
Kai: what students?
Kate: I think I told you - bachelors, first year
Lisa: you told me
Kate: right, sorry
Kai: so how was it?
Kate: I didn't know what to talk about at once
Kate: but I decided to talk about "managing unpredictability in the field"
Kai: exciting
Kate: they wanted to know more about field research
Kate: the practical side of it
Lisa: what exactly are you going to talk about?
Kate: I want to prepare them that not everything can be planned
Kate: especially in the developing countries
Lisa: it's true
Lisa: any example
Kate: I had to change the topic of my research during the field work
Kate: because it turned out that the original topic was not doable
Kate: i had no data
Kai: did they like it?
Kate: I think so
Kai: cool
Summary: Kate had the meeting with the bachelors today. She was talking about managing unpredictability in the field. The students liked the topic and they wanted to know more about field research.
Dialogue: George: Do you have Amy's number?
Harry: Wanna ask her out?
Lucas: I have but it will cost you!! :P
George: Come on!
Lucas: What will I get?
George: I will buy you a beer
Lucas: Two!
George: ok
Lucas: <file_other> 
Summary: George will buy Lucas two beers in exchange for Amy's number.
Dialogue: Roger: hiya
Jack: been a long time
Roger: ikr
Roger: i wanted to ask you something
Jack: whats that?
Roger: i've heard you're selling car tyres
Jack: right
Roger: i need 4 tyres for Opel Astra
Jack: no problem
Jack: come to service station
Roger: will do
Roger: when are you closing?
Jack: at 7
Roger: kk
Roger: ill be there tomorrow at 6
Jack: see you
Roger: thanks
Summary: Roger will come to the service station at 6 pm tomorrow to buy 4 tyres for Opel Astra.
