Dialogue: Ballomy: I’ll be there in 10 mins
Angel: Thanks, you didn’t have to
Ballomy: I did, I do, always
Angel: I’m scared Bel, this time it’s really bad
Ballomy: It’ll be OK, I promise
Angel: I’m tired of all this… Tired of fighting. 
Ballomy: I know An…
Angel: And you, your life is all about me, it’s not fair, I’m not giving you anything in return
Ballomy: You do. Yourself. It’s enough baby
Angel: What’s the point anyway, I’ll be dead in less than 6 months
Ballomy: We talked about this. Let’s use the whole time we have left
Angel: I don’t want you to go through this…
Ballomy: It’s too late, I’m ready for that and will not leave till the very end
Angel: You’re such a good guy… I wish we had more time… Like the whole life ;)
Ballomy: Me too. But it seems it was not meant to be
Angel: I’m feeling very dizzy, see you in a minute
Ballomy: Sure, give me 5 mins
Summary: Angel doesn't feel well. Ballomy will come to Angel in 10 minutes. Angel will be dead in less than 6 months.
Dialogue: Uncle Billy: Your scissors came in the post today, your funny scissors.
Abbie: They're mom's. For the cats' claws.
Uncle Billy: That's a relief.
Abbie: Why?
Uncle Billy: I thought you were planning to trim my nose hairs.
Summary: Mom's scissors for the cat's claws have arrived today.
Dialogue: Chris: Should we go to the concert tomorrow?
Anna: Is anybody else going?
Chris: I think Lia and Isabel 
Anna: nice! I haven't seen them for a long time
Chris: so should we go?
Anna: yes, let's do it
Chris: great! I'll write you more tomorrow morning
Anna: ok!
Summary: Chris and Anna will go to the concert tomorrow. Lia and Isabel will probably be there too.
Dialogue: Wesley: what's 4 dinner?
Selena: lasagne
Wesley: :D
Summary: Wesley and Selena will have lasagna for dinner.
Dialogue: Madison: why are you online this late
Madison: you told me you were about to sleep
Jayden: yup...was just checking my notifications.... good night
Summary: Jayden is checking his notifications.
Dialogue: Michael: Hey dude, my parents finally agreed to buy the dog!
Shawn: Hey, that's awesome!
Shawn: How did u convince them?
Michael: They made me sign a "contract".
Shawn: You kidding?
Michael: No, seriously, I'm the owner of the dog, I'm responsible for him, I have to take him for a walk and so on.
Shawn: LOL nice, but I mean I guess it's fair enough.
Shawn: So what breed?
Michael: Well I first wanted a golden retriever.
Michael: But they were all like it's gonna grow so big bla bla bla.
Michael: So we ended up choosing a wire fox terrier.
Shawn: Nice man, you have to take me for a walk with him :D
Summary: Michael's parents finally agreed to buy the dog, a wire fox terrier. The parents made Michael sign a "contract" that he is the owner of the dog, so he's responsible for him and has to take him for a walk, and so on.
Dialogue: Eva: OMG look what I just got from your mother
Eva: <file_photo>
Benjamin: OMG you look just marvellous :D
Benjamin: tbh I knew about this sweater
Benjamin: She has been knitting it for quite a long time!
Eva: and you didn't bother to prepare me for such surprise?
Eva: shame on you
Benjamin: <file_gif>
Benjamin: guilty! 
Summary: Eva got a nice sweater from Benjamin's mother.
Dialogue: Layla: thanks for dropping me off!!
Layla: i just took a shower and I'm going to bed
Luke: r u feeling better?
Layla: 100%
Luke: ull probably wake up with a headache tomorrow
Layla: i know
Layla: i shouldn’t have drank so much
Layla: but we were having such a great time!!!
Luke: that's fine, you've learned your lesson
Layla: i learned my lessonm, I won’t overdo it next time
Luke: go to sleep and rest
Luke: good night
Summary: Layla is feeling better now and realises she shouldn't have drunk so much.   
Dialogue: Frank: We have spoken of this before; please reserve the conference room ahead of time to avoid conflicts with others who need the space. Dan just tried to take a customer in there for a meeting and interrupted your group.
Joe: A sign-up sheet beside the door or a group calendar would be better than the current system. It’s too hard to use!
Frank: At any rate, please use the system we have for now. A new method can be discussed later.
Joe: Sure. Sorry!
Frank: No problem.
Summary: Joe has used the conference room without reserving it first. Joe is dissatisfied with the current reservation system. Frank urges Joe to use the system anyway for now.
Dialogue: Grace: did you pick up the package from the post office?
Todd: yeah, it's waiting for you but I didn't open it yet
Grace: not a problem, that can wait
Grace: thanks for picking it up, it will save me time
Todd: no problem, see you later!
Summary: Todd picked the package up from the post office for Grace.
Dialogue: Theo: did you check the new Steam sale?
Joey: it's that time of the year already?
Joey: and to answer your question, no I did not
Theo: I was thinking of expanding my collection but I'm not sure what to get
Joey: just check your wishlist
Joey: and if there's something there with a nice discount buy it
Theo: maybe you're right
Theo: it's always hard to decide
Theo: and I end up buying games I won't play for ages just because they were cheap
Joey: that's how sales work
Joey: I'm still waiting for a good deal on AC Rogue
Theo: isn't that discounted basically during every sale?
Joey: it is
Theo: then why are you still waiting?
Joey: like I said, waiting for a good deal
Joey: that usually means like 75% off
Joey: so far the biggest drop was like 60%
Theo: that's still a pretty good price
Joey: I know but I still have other games to play so I can afford to wait with this one
Theo: you can always check other shops as well
Theo: uplay should have good deals on AC series
Joey: I know but I have all the other AC games on Steam and I want to keep them in one place
Theo: well it's your choice anyway
Joey: yep
Joey: let me know if you stumble across something nice
Theo: will do
Summary: Theo wants to expand his collection during the new Steam sale, but he's not sure what to get. He usually buys games which he won't play for ages, just because they were cheap. Joey is waiting for a good deal on AC Rogue, like 75%, whereas the biggest drop was 60%. 
Dialogue: Laura: <file_photo>
Laura: now that’s a lot of drafting!
Johnathan: :)
Laura: I think I’ll order the blue one
Johnathan: I really can’t choose :D
Laura: blue it is xD
Johnathan: :)
Summary: Laura will order the blue one.
Dialogue: Hanna: They don't have the pink voucher, which one should I take?
Alex: What else do they have?
Hanna: Red and silver, 50 and 100
Hanna: So, which?
Alex: Silver
Hanna: <3
Summary: Hanna will follow Alex's advice and take the silver voucher.
Dialogue: Angela: Good morning
Abraham: What's up?
Angela: I feel lonely here
Abraham: I do too here
Angela: What about that girl? Everything is done?
Abraham: She lives in France
Angela: Oh.. so she was a tourist there only?
Abraham: Sort of
Angela: And u told me u aren't into one night stands
Abraham: No I'm not. She was here for a while so we were seeing each other. So no it wasn't a one night stand
Angela: But for me it's the same. Meeting someone just for a while, 1 night or 1 week. That's the same.
Abraham: More like months
Angela: Oh...
Summary: Abraham and Angela feel lonely. Abraham split up with a girl that moved to France.
Dialogue: Layla: Dad can you please have a look at something?
Jacob: Sure, what's the prob?
Layla: My flowers are dying, I've no idea how to save them
Jacob: Did you try water? XD
Layla: Daaad, don't make fun of me :(
Jacob: Oh right, I'm serious. Did you try some fertilizer then?
Summary: Layla needs Jacob's help with her flowers.
Dialogue: Jessica: My flight is delayed
Peter: Big delay?
Jessica: 1 hour
Martin: Thanks for letting us know
Summary: Jessica's flight is one hour delayed, as she informs Martin and Peter.
Dialogue: Constance: Have you seen that there is a course of Hebrew at the uni?
Martha: yes, but it's very expensive
Willow: about £300
Thomas: but there are grants if a course is useful for your career or study
Constance: really?
Thomas: sure, in collages
Thomas: just ask
Constance: I will!
Summary: Constance, Martha, Willow and Thomas are interested in a Hebrew course at their university. The course costs about £300, but there are grants if it turns out to be useful for students' study or career.
Dialogue: Mason: I am sick not going to work
Jack: Should I let Cass know? 
Mason: Ye I will text him and you an confirm it to him
Jack: np 
Summary: Mason is siks so he's not going to work. Mason will text Jack and Cass to confirm it.
Dialogue: Carl: can't talk now im in the theatre, sth urgent?
Sophie: nope, will call u 2morrow.
Carl: kk ;-)
Summary: Carl can't talk since he's in the theatre.
Dialogue: Allan: How are you doing?
Alfred: Fine, are you getting ready?
Allan: I'm so nervous, every time I have to stand in the middle of the class I start to shake like a jelly
Alfred: Have you practiced in front of the mirror?
Allan: what do you mean?
Alfred: just go in front of the mirror and start saying what you are about to say on your presentation
Allan: does it work?
Alfred: Man... I see you really are a rooky when it comes to giving public speeches.
Allan: What can I say...
Alfred: Don't worry, you will learn
Allan: Thanks, that's very kind of you to say that
Summary: Allan gets extremely nervous when he has to perform in public. Alfred is more experienced in this matter.
Dialogue: John: party tonight?
Kevin: i'm afraid I'm busy the whole day
John: waaaat you gotta be kidding
Josh: same as Kevin, I'm not home until tomorrow
John: :(
John: another time then
Summary: They are not going to party tonight because Kevin and Josh are busy.
Dialogue: Max: Do you put eggs into boiling water or not?
Chad: Let me Google that for you :P
Max: I don't trust Google, every time I try out a recipe I found there, I end up having nothing to eat.
Shane: Trying to impress a lady? :D
Max: No, I'm just hungry, is it so hard to understand? :P
Chad: It is for him, his mom still prepares every meal for him :D
Shane: Shut up.
Max: Hey, I really miss those times I still lived with my mom. Don't repeat my mistakes, learn to cook while you still can!
Chad: Why don't you just call your mom and ask about those eggs?
Max: I tried, she's not answering and I'm STARVING!
Shane: <file_other> Here's a whole discussion about boiling eggs. I hope it helps. 
Max: Thank you!
Summary: Max wants to know if eggs should be put in boiling water, but mistrusts information from Google searches. Shane's mom prepares his meals. Max doesn't live with his mom anymore. Shane sends Max a link with possible answers to his question.
Dialogue: Peter: Pat, are you having the presentation tomorrow?
Pat: yes, at 11
Ben: great, I'll come over
Peter: me too
Manuel: And have you already talked to Jim?
Pat: Yes, I did
Manuel: will you get a rise?
Pat: I'm not sure
Manuel: you should
Pat: he said I will get a new post
Manuel: I think it's a natural course of action
Pat: but maybe I'll get 50 Euro rise?
Manuel: that would be insolent
Pat: I'll quit then
Summary: Pat is having the presentation tomorrow at 11. Ben and Peter will come to see it. Pat is not sure if she will get a pay rise, but she will get a new post. 
Dialogue: Magda: Anna, this is to inform you that your parcel arrived today
Magda: You can come and collect it this afternoon
Dom: Hi Magda!
Dom: Ok perfect
Dom: I'll pass by later on then :)
Magda: 👍
Summary: Anna's parcel has arrived at Magda's today and can be collected this afternoon. She will pass by and take it.
Dialogue: George: once again, where are we meeting?
Matt: at the pub near Jerry’s
Jerry: yep, that’s the place
Summary: George, Matt and Jerry are meeting up at the pub near Jerry’s.
Dialogue: Eve: Getting ready!
Nancy: Wow! Lovely picture!
Ben: you look awesome girl!
Mark: any special occasion? 
Eve: just a party with my work girls
Mark: you look fab!
Eve: thanks! ;)
Tom: have a great party! 
Gina: OMG! you look so glam!
Nancy: so jealous i can't go out with u! xxx
Eve: xxx
Summary: Eve's having a party with the girls she works with and has gussied herself up.
Dialogue: Wayne: i think danielle is starting to suspect we're throwing her a surprise party tomorrow
Clara: oh no... :-/
Clara: why do you say that?
Wayne: she keeps asking about our plans tomorrow
Wayne: but she's being almost aggressive when she asks lol
Clara: that doesn't mean anything
Wayne: she also saw a receipt from that store where i got the decorations for the party
Wayne: she asked what it was and i told her i didn't know where it came from
Wayne: but i'm sure she didn't believe me
Clara: just keep cool
Clara: we're only 24 hours away from the party
Clara: if you keep cool she'll never know
Summary: Wayne thinks Danielle is suspecting they're throwing her a surprise party tomorrow as she keeps asking about the plans and she also saw a receipt from a decorations store.
Dialogue: Margo: bye bye!
Margo: have a good night!
Margo: and all the best, Happy New Year :)
Nathalie: thanks my dear :) all the best to you too :)
Margo: I've got a couple of photos for you :)
Margo: <file_photo>
Nathalie: well done :D
Nathalie: thanks a lot
Summary: Margo and Nathalie wish each other a happy New Year. Margo sends Nathalie some photos.
Dialogue: Joe: Hello :-)
Chris: Hi :-) Still remember me?
Joe: How could I forget? :-) Are you all right? Are all urgent things completed? 
Chris: Hope so :-) 
Joe: :-) So? A meeting? Friday night?
Chris: Perfect! Who will be there?
Joe: Nick, Betty, Sandra and Phil.
Chris: OK. I'll come for sure! Thanks for your understanding!
Joe: No problem. Good to have you back :-)
Chris: Yeah... good to be back!
Joe: See you!
Chris: See you!
Summary: Chris and Joe are going to meet Nick, Betty, Sandra, and Phil on Friday night. Chris was not in touch with Joe for some time because he was busy.
Dialogue: Anna: i just want to say good morning <3 can't wait to see you tomorrow :*
Jack: good morning :*
Anna: Nia said we could stay at her place :) but nobody's gonna be home so we have to wait until she finishes work or go pick up the keys from her office
Jack: so what do you think?
Anna: will you be going straight from your parents' house?
Jack: propably, yeah
Anna: is the office on your way? remember? we met there for lunch once
Jack: ok I'll pick up the keys
Anna: also, I might have to go see a dentist when I arrive :( my tooth is killing me!
Jack: fuuuck! you want me to call my dentist to see if she's available?
Anna: yeah, if it's not a problem
Jack: what time do you arrive again?
Anna: 10.35
Jack: damn it, she's on vacation :/
Anna: oh nooo :( can you find another one?
Jack: I'll find one, don't worry
Anna: i know it's like the worst possible time
Jack: it's alright, don't think about it 
Anna: so what's the plan?
Jack: I'll try to arrange an appointment in the morning, then I'll pick you up with my mum's car and drive you to town
Anna: thank you so much :*
Jack: do you have health insurance?
Anna: yeah, the European card
Jack: so that should work
Anna: I think so. okay I'm going to sleep now. let me know in the morning if you know something
Jack: sure :* I'm goind to sleep to. good night <3
Anna: good night :*
Summary: Jack will pick up the keys to Nia's apartment so that he and Anna can stay there. Anna arrives at 10.35 but Jack needs to find a dentist for her urgently.
Dialogue: Larry: Hi Jon did you get your papers today
Jon: yes why?
Larry: mine didn't turn up
Jon: no mine were here as normal
Larry: thats odd
Jon: I'm going down the shop later I will get yours for you what do you have?
Larry: the express please
Jon: I will ask why they didn't deliver to you
Larry: thanks mate
Jon: I'm at the shop mate, they said the express hasn't been delivered to them today so I will pick you up the mail
Larry: oh that makes sense then, that will do thanks mate
Summary: Larry's papers didn't turn up, so Jon went to the shop and discovered the express hasn't been delivered yet. 
Dialogue: Katie: <file_photo>
Leah: cool!
Katie: i think i need to change my tires :D
Leah: yeah you better do :D
Summary: Katie thinks she needs to change her tires.
Dialogue: Meg: Can we go to IKEA this week?
Francis: Geez, why?
Meg: Come on, we haven;t been there for months
Francis: Yeah I know. If we have to ...
Meg: supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!!!
Francis: What for?
Meg: Just different bit and pieces darling.
Francis: As usual, sigh
Summary: Meg and Francis are going to go to IKEA to get some bits and pieces. They haven't been there for months.
Dialogue: Nicky: Is Birgit from Latvia?
Sina: no, she's from Estonia
Kenny: quite the same :P
Andrew: yeah, the Baltic states
Nicky: but don't tell her
Nicky: I think she's quite happy not to be Latvian
Andrew: typical
Summary: Birgit is from Estonia.
Dialogue: Sven: I'm buying the tickets now
Sven: don't be mad
Caroline: I'm not I'm not
Sven: good. Is coming on Friday and leaving on Monday OK?
Caroline: as you wish
Sven: you are angry.
Caroline: I am paying for your hotel, the least you can do is declare your schedule a month before the wedding
Sven: Sorry :(
Summary: Sven is buying tickets now for the wedding. He'll stay from Friday to Monday. Caroline is paying for the hotel.
Dialogue: Zander: I'm starving
Zander: Do we have dinner at home?
Peyton: Only leftovers from yesterday, I've been running errands all day and haven't been able to cook anything new yet
Zander: I'll eat something on my way then
Summary: Zander will eat on his way home. 
Dialogue: Alex: If I have a bag of lentils, what would I sensibly do with that?
Ruth: You would cook that into a lushes dahl.
Winfred: What is dahl even really?
Ruth: Its a lentil mush that tastes yummy
Alex: But what do you eat it with or on? 
Ruth: You eat it with a curry, a salad or on its own
Winfred: on it's own?
Ruth: yup
Alex: Oh ok, I'll give it a go!  Does anyone want to come for dinner?
Winfred: no thanks! 😂
Ruth: yes please!!!
Summary: Alec is after advice on cooking lentils. Ruth accepts his invitation to join him for dinner. 
Dialogue: Eve: that was a horrible movie
Nina: I think it was kind of funny
Eve: u kidding? it was disgusting:/
Nina: it had funny moments
Eve: maybe for you, in the end I felt offended
Nina: why?
Eve: I had to watch it all
Nina: <lol> u r little to soft
Eve: maybe, but the main "hero" was rude, racist and without any brakes.
Nina: well, he could stop sometimes, but in the and it wasn't so bad
Eve: don't wanna talk about it anymore. Next time I'm choosing a movie
Nina: ok, I won't argue
Eve: great, maybe something historical
Nina: oh Eve...
Summary: Eve didn't enjoy the movie Nina had picked.
Dialogue: Elijah: this party was crazy, we had like 40 people over at once lol
William: <file_gif>
Elijah: ye, it looked like Project X hahahhaha
William: oh man i miss those kind of parties, where did those times go?
Elijah: true that, i wish we could go back to college once again haha
William: but without the study part?
Elijah: hahahaha, well that could be tricky ;)
William: but perfect indeed
Elijah: definitely but you know, we did not spend that much time studying after all, did we? :D
William: well maybe you didn't, remember that I mostly had straight A's bro
Elijah: enough with the bragging lol, and how did it pay off for you?
William: i am still poor but at least I am employed hahhha
Elijah: see, you should have studied less and the results would be the same hahaha
William: <file_photo>
Elijah: that's what i am talking about! :D
William: good times man, good times...
Summary: Elijah had over 40 guests at his party. It was a great fun. William misses the college parties, but not studying. He was an all-A-grade student, now he has a job, but no money. 
Dialogue: Kris: U know what ur getting 4 Xmas?
Kim: Not yet.
Jackie: Sure :) made a list some time ago ;)
Adam: Nope.
Kris: Jackie, a list?
Jackie: Yeah. Family tradition :)
Summary: Neither Kim nor Adam know what they're getting for Christmas. Jackie made a list as a family tradition.
Dialogue: Mark: We just got to Malaga, 24 degrees and sunny!
Liz: awesome, how long did it take you?
Mark: <file_photo>
Mark: <file_photo>
Liz: great! Nice view! Is that your balcony
Mark: about 6 hours
Mark: yeah hotel is amazing, they've got those shampoo things in the bathroom!
Liz: can you bring me some 😉 
Mark: of course
Mark: no dressing gown though 🤣 
Liz: rubbish, find new hotel!! 
Mark: no way this one is awesome. And I'm knackered. I'll get you one for your birthday.
Liz: that's in June! who needs a dressing gown in June? 🙄 
Mark: ungrateful!  🤣 
Liz: 🤣 🤣 🤣 😘 😘 
Mark: see you soon sis, I'm gonna eat
Liz: HAVE FUN!! say hi to Melanie!! 😘 
Summary: Mark and Melanie just got to Malaga. It took them about 6 hours. The weather is nice and Mark likes his hotel. 
Dialogue: Linda: I am not convinced we can finish the project by January
Joan: I'm sure it's impossible, sorry
John: if we continue working at this pace we will never end it
Linda: but I really work a lot. I also have some life
Linda: children, husband
Linda: I don't want to neglect them for Duracell
Linda: so they sell a few thousands more batteries
Linda: sorry, but I'm having a crises
Heather: I think Linda is right
Heather: we keep pressing but we're not talking if it's feasible at all
Linda: let's meet in the silver room in 15 min, what do you think?
Heather: yes, great idea
John: ok!
Joan: ok!
Summary: Heather, Linda, Joan and John will meet in the silver room in 15 minutes to discuss the work on finishing the project.
Dialogue: Ada: Hi, thank you very much for your feedback, I'm really grateful. where and when I can get it? Unfort, I don't have anything in exchange, but I can pay.
Gigi: hello! I will be more than happy to give you a spath. You can get it under the address I gave you. When would you like to come?
Ada: That's awesome! I coulde be tomorrow around noon, is it OK for you?
Gigi: Perfect. I'm at home with a baby, almost all the time.
Ada: Fantastic. I will be in touch and I'm gonna target 12:00
Gigi:  See you then :))
Ada: (Y)
Summary: Ada will come to Gigi at about noon tomorrow to get a spath. Gigi is at home with a baby.
Dialogue: Charity: hey
Joyce: hey
Charity: is the HOD in yet?
Joyce: who is this?
Charity: i'm her student
Joyce: well okay, he was here but he left for a while
Charity: okay then
Joyce: check him later
Summary: Charity wants to know if HOD is in but he has already left.
Dialogue: Emma: Hello Tracy, do  you want Tim brings you something special from Moscow?
Tracy: thanks a lot. I send you a  picture of what I'd like, and if you find some crackers... but we 're waiting for Tim above all.
Tracy: <file_photo>, <file_photo>
Emma: I didn't know those crackers , where did you buy them?
Tracy: Cedmoi, Utkonos or Achan. Delicious with red caviar
Emma: i'll try it ; Tim is in starting block. 
Summary: Tracy wants some crackers from Tim from Moscow.
Dialogue: Fay: Hello! Collecting orders for the new calendars, anyone interested?
Olivia: Me! Two please, Karen's OOF today
Nate: One for me, thnx!
Mike: No, thank you
Summary: Fay is taking orders for the new calendars. Olivia and Nate are interested. Mike is not.
Dialogue: James: Morning Vicky, just wanted to let you know I've accepted a parcel for you. A huge amazon box.
Vicky: Many thanks James. Very kind of you.
James: It's in the hallway.
Vicky: Ta!
Summary: James accepted an Amazon parcel for Vicky.
Dialogue: Michael: Good morning :)
Charlotte: Good morning :) :*
Michael: How are you today?
Charlotte: A bit better I guess
Charlotte: But I'll stay at home today
Michael: You think we could meet on Friday?
Charlotte: I'll let you know tomorrow okay?
Michael: I'll be waiting for you :)
Charlotte: Will see what I can do
Michael: I miss u
Charlotte: Miss U2 :* :* :*
Summary: Charlotte is unwell and will inform Michael tomorrow if they can see each other on Friday.
Dialogue: Lena: it was a wonderful evening thank you
Alex: i had a great time too :)
Lena: we'll have to repeat it one day
Alex: i'd love too but not too often you know 
Lena: what do you mean?
Alex: nothing particular. it means nothing. just a phrase :)
Lena: whatever. so i guess it's bed time for both of us?
Alex: i need to do a couple of things for uni 2moro. and then yeah, i'm pretty exhausted
Lena: ok then, see you in a couple of days i hope
Alex: i sure hope so :) sleep tight
Summary: Alex and Lena had fun. They are going to sleep. They agree to meet in a couple of days. 
Dialogue: Joan: the weather is so nice today 😍
Layla: ikr 😍
Joan: let's go somewhere
Layla: Camden?
Joan: good idea
Joan: i am ready to go, i can be at your place in 15 minutes
Layla: me too
Layla: see you very soon!
Joan: coming!
Summary: The weather is nice, so Joan and Layla are going to Camden Market together.
Dialogue: Gavin: hey u asleep lol 
Chelsea: about to fall asleep
Chelsea: it's 1 AM lol 
Gavin: oh damn I guess but shit 
Chelsea: I have to be up in 6hrs, I have work tomorrow
Gavin: alright I guess I'm going to make it quick then 
Gavin: so I've been a bit sick lately. But it's been getting pretty bad lately. I've had to leave work early today. Everything is just really stressing me. Basically getting panic attacks.
Chelsea: What do you think is the cause of the attacks? Anything specific at work?
Gavin: I dunno man, just everything I guess. I've been thinking about grandma a lot lately so that's definitely intensifying it
Chelsea: Well I definitely think you need to talk about it. You can't just keep running away from this stuff. It'll come up one way or another.
Gavin: I'm not running away. 
Chelsea: Well you know if you ever need to talk, I'm here. Just I don't think having these convos over messenger is the best thing. We can talk on the phone. I think that would be better. 
Gavin: yeah, I know. thanks. I feel better now. I gotta go. I'll talk to you later. 
Chelsea: Yeah, Gavin. Take care.
Summary: Chelsea is almost falling asleep. Gavin is really stressed and he's having panic attacks. After a quick chat, he feels better.
Dialogue: George: <file_other>
George: wtf XDD
Pete: lol
Pete: what the fuck ae you reading man?:D
Matt: hahah some people do have imagination xD
George: i was just checking sth in a dictionary
Pete: yeah things like that are always one click away XD
Matt: lol
Summary: George shares some funny stuff with Pete and Matt. He was just checking something in a dictionary. 
Dialogue: Gina: Dear all, I’m afraid I need to bring up a difficult issue today.
Michael: What’s the matter, Gina?
Gina: There has been another burglary in the neighbourhood.
Kate: This is terrible!
Daniel: Where was it? This is the third one only this week!
Gina: Fortunately no one’s been injured. They stole a tv, two laptops and a bit of cash.
Michael: What does the police say?
Gina: Nothing yet, they’re investigating.
Kate: I bet this is some kind of a gang.
Daniel: A gang? 
Kate: Well, no one can get a tv, laptops and all this stuff on their own.
Gina: Regardless, I think it’d be a good thing to organise a neighbourhood watch.
Michael: Good thinking!
Daniel: Definitely. I know a friend who did this with his neighbours and it worked out pretty great.
Kate: How did they organise it? Did they have a schedule?
Daniel: Well, basically, they were patrolling the streets twice a day – during the day and in the evening, always in twos.
Gina: Could you please talk to your friend so they can help us organise it?
Daniel: Sure, no problem.
Kate: I think that we can also organise a fundraising for CCTV.
Michael: Hm, I’m not so sure people will be keen on this. They value their privacy, you know.
Daniel: Well, I understand, but I kind of value my safety more.
Gina: It wouldn’t hurt to bring this up at the next meeting. Saturday is it?
Kate: Yes, I can talk to them. I’m not a big fan of camera either, but in this case it may be the best solution.
Daniel: Especially as the police is not doing their job. Three burglaries in a week is three too many in my opinion.
Gina: It’s not an easy case, but I think CCTV may help to catch them if not to scare them away.
Michael: Hm, let’s wait until Saturday so we can speak to others. We can’t do anything without their approval.
Daniel: I’d happily suggest organising the neighbourhood watch.
Summary: There has been another burglary in the neighbourhood. They stole a tv, two laptops and a bit of cash. The police are investigating. Gina, Daniel, Kate and Michael will talk about a neighbourhood watch, e.g. a CCTV, at the next meeting on Saturday.
Dialogue: Serena: Have you been to the doctor lately?
Jeff: No, why?
Serena: Just wondering what he says about your skin condition?
Jeff: It's fine right now. 
Serena: That's good!
Jeff: The cold weather sets it off and if I eat too much of the wrong foods, but otherwise fine.
Serena: So you don't have to be on meds?
Jeff: Not all the time. Why?
Serena: Tina has the same thing and takes meds on the daily.
Jeff: She must have a different kind than me or a worse kind.
Serena: I guess so.
Jeff: It sucks, but it doesn't have to be every day.
Serena: That's good. I'll tell her. That will cheer her up!
Jeff: Good! Tell her to hang in there. She can call me if she has any questions.
Serena: Thanks!
Summary: Jeff has a skin allergy. He doesn't take meds all the time. Tina also has a skin allergy and she takes meds daily. She can call Jeff if she has any questions.
Dialogue: Willa: Are you there?
Yehuda: I was out of internet
Willa: No problem
Summary: Yehuda was out of Internet.
Dialogue: Adar: do you like the new Radiohead album?
Ananya: i like it. not my favorite though.
Adar: yeah, same here.
Summary: Adar and Ananya like Radiohead's new album, but it's not their favourite.
Dialogue: Robin: Appologies, it really irks me
Olive: Fair enough :P So what else do people do that "irks" you?
Robin: at work? general bitchiness and a lack of common sence, having to clean up after the previous shift because "it's not my job" even though when i do the shift its my job
Robin: ironing as well, now i was brought up wash clothes, hang them on the line let the wind air them and gravity dop creases outt, then ron them, i got chewwed out because i told the lass on nights there were shower curtains on the line, she throws a wobbler about hos its always been my job and she does more work than me and stewart, it was 5 curtains and she'd have finished all her jobs thor the shift in an hour and a half easily
Olive: You really hate your job, don't you... :(
Olive: Do any other employees feel that way though?
Robin: the jobs not bad its just some of the people i work with, yes me and stewart are in the same boat
Robin: he's former rhodesian counter terrorist police, also did firearms for movies like the expendables with schwartzneiger
Olive: And he hates it too?
Robin: has the same irks, sometimes the job is ace, the guest can be great and being aknowleged by them either with a card or tripp advisor is ace
Robin: i just hate what amounts to sexism
Olive: Sorry mate :( Wish i could help
Robin: i'm alright - just nice to chat with someone from time to time...
Robin: Like apparently the cleaners and female night staff have been placing rubbish on the floor to see if I've hovered up, the woman on nights wasn't impressed when I hadn't ironed wet shower curtains fresh out of the wash. She's the one who apparently "does more than we do on shift" yet she wont do paperwork that she'd throw her dummy out if it hadn't been done for her 
Robin: And my manager supports her whole heartedly
Olive: Fun fact - the cleaning ladies tick was something that mistresses would do in Victorian times to make sure that the servants were doing their job properly.
Olive: One such trick involved hiding a coin, under a rug - if the servant gave the money back, she was trustworthy. If the servant took the money, the mistress would know. And if the servant missed the coin completely, she clearly wasn't doing her job.
Olive: Now that I've gotten that (interesting, but completely useless) fact out of the way, I think the only thing I can say is: hang in there. Or better yet - don't give them (aka your boss) a reason to fire you.
Olive: Right now, you're in a tough situation because you need the job more than they need you - so, even though it's unfair (and I completely agree with you btw), the only way to win the war is to not let them get you down.
Olive: Man... I suck at giving advice.
Robin: Completely useless information is always useful for pub quizzes, flattered, deffinatly go with flattered
Olive: What about the remainder of my answer... ?
Robin: the advice is good, and your right I just need to push through it, as for military I've not a clue, run with the pups try and rehabilitate my joints and see if theres any career I can do, although im also looking at museum's as a possible career 
Olive: That could be fun - it's interesting, right? :D
Olive: Have you tried getting a job there?
Robin: Looking online atm but I haven't seen much
Summary: Robin had an argument with a female colleague at work. He works with Stewart, ex-policeman, that has the same problems. Female night staff and cleaners put the rubbish on the floor to check if he hoovers it. She doesn't do any paperwork. The manager supports her. Robin needs this job.
Dialogue: Vince: Hi, sexy lady!
Pearl: Vince, you charmer! Where did you get to last night, I went o er to the yacht at 10, there was no sign of you!
Vince: Old banking mate came to town, dreadful old duffer, big fan of Maggie, back in the day. You would've been bored stiff. We just had a few whiskeys back at the yacht club.
Pearl: Was Ivy serving last night? 
Vince: No, it was some young chap with a beard, student on a gap year, I think. See you tonight, precious?
Pearl: Let you know later, Bye.
Summary: Pearl looked for Vince yesterday but he wasn't on the yacht. Vince had some drinks with his friend at the yacht club.
Dialogue: Milena: Are you in Moscow as well?
John: I didn't get a visa this time
Milena: What?! Bastards!
Irina: sad. I'm alway here of course
Galina: me too
Milena: ok, let's meet theses days
Summary: Milena, Irina and Galina are in Moscow, John is not.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi Jeff, I was just browsing thought your notes from yesterday and I have a couple of questions.
Jeff: Shoot :)
Daniel: Was Mindy there?
Jeff: Yes, she was.
Daniel: Could you please add her input on the first presentation? She must have said something since she's involved in phase one of the project
Jeff: Actually, she didn't react that much
Daniel: like not at all?
Jeff: Wait a sec, let me double check
Summary: Jeff will double check Mindy's reaction, connected to her involvement in phase one of the project.
Dialogue: Eva: I need to shop for groceries this week.
Maggie: OK, where do you want to go?
Eva: Well, I don’t want to go to a big supermarket. Will you go there with me?
Maggie: I hate this store, it’s too big. 
Eva: Me too, I never know where stuff I want is. 
Maggie: So maybe we can drive there in the morning ‘cause it gets really busy in the afternoon.
Eva: Yeah, I know, people get out of work then. 
Maggie: :-( and you’ve got to wait in those long lines, people push you... ugh.. :-(
Eva: I hate it. You know what? I like this small store nearby your place. 
Maggie: Yeah, I know it, but the selection there is not so big :-(
Eva: What do you need?
Maggie: I’m looking for Brazilian nuts.
Eva: Guess what, I know they’ve got them there. I just saw them last time I was there.
Maggie: That’s great!
Eva: Yeah, and I think they also have some more exotic stuff there, so it’s the best place we can go.
Maggie: Great! :-) When can we meet?
Eva: when did you want to buy them?
Maggie: I need them for Friday party, so... today?
Eva: OK, will drop to pick you up in 30 minutes.
Eva: :-))) See you!
Summary: Eva and Maggie are going to shop in grocery's store nearby Maggie's place. They both dislike the big supermarket and in the small store they will also find what they need.
Dialogue: Pollyanna: How much should I pay for a haircut in this town?
Octavius: Depends
Octavius: No more than 100 euros
Sandra: What???
Sandra: That's too much
Sandra: Go to a Turkish hairdresser 
Sandra: It will be cheap 
Sandra: Last time I paid 20 euro 
Summary: Octavius says that Pollyanna will pay up to 100 euros for a haircut in this town. Sandra went to a Turkish hairdresser last time and she paid him 20 euros.
Dialogue: Rico: say hello to our new family member
Rico: <file_photo>
Fila: omg it's so cute!
Domingo: <file_gif>
Domingo: what's his name?
Rico: she has no name yet
Rico: we are looking for some ideas
Domingo: name her Rihanna
Fila: lol
Rico: I don't like pets with celebrity names
Fila: how about something related to her character?
Rico: I can't tell what's her character yet
Domingo: and does Richard have any ideas?
Fila: call her Jane Doe then
Rico: he wants to call her Blossom but that's too long
Fila: omg that's so cute
Domingo: if that's too long then call her Flores then
Rico: sounds fine
Fila: or call her Rose
Domingo: Lily
Rico: <3
Rico: I'll ask Richie and we'll see what he says
Fila: ok
Summary: Rico's looking for a name for her.
Dialogue: Frannie: Hi Jim
Jim: Oh, hi Fran
Frannie: I guess you're as horrified by tomorrow's exam as I am
Jim: I guess so too
Frannie: I didn't really understand the part about substrata and superstrata
Jim: It's easy actually, plus there is a good Wikipedia page about them XD
Frannie: I trust your notes from class more than Wiki
Jim: And rightly so! Anyway
Frannie: I'm listening (or rather reading)
Jim: A substratum or substrate is essentially a language that existed in a given territory before another language
Frannie: Ok
Jim: Then people speaking a different language arrived in that territory and slowly their language became the dominant one
Frannie: And then the older language influences the new one, right?
Jim: Yes. The substratum slowly disappears but leaves some traces in the new language (the superstratum) like some words, pronunciation aspects and so on
Frannie: Ok, so for example the Etruscan language was the substratum and Latin the superstratum, right?
Jim: Yes, and Etruscan influenced the local variety of latin in later centuries
Frannie: Ok
Jim: I have a question too
Frannie: You? I thought you were Mr. Perfect Notes
Jim: I am, but I missed two lessons in November
Frannie: Ok
Jim: So... what was exactly the story with the name "Mediolanum"?
Frannie: Ok, I know this one. In the ancient Celtic languages the Indoeuropean consonant "p" wasn't pronounced, for example the word for "father" was "athir" (vs. "pater" in Latin for example). So according to many scholars "Mediolanum" came from "medio-" and "planum" because there is no "p", so it's basically "in the middle of the plane".
Jim: Ok! Thanks
Frannie: You're more than welcome, you helped me too
Jim: ;)
Frannie: Good luck for tomorrow!
Jim: Godspeed!
Summary: Frannie and Jim are worrying about their exam tomorrow. Frannie uses Jim's notes. Jim explains the notions of substrata, superstrata, and Mediolanum to her.
Dialogue: Frances: <file_picture>
Frances: Look and guess! Where are we? :D
Harold: OMG, is that Strawberry Café?
Frances: Yes indeed!
Harold: You said you wouldn't have time off?
Frances: well one of the meetings got cancelled so we decided to go for a coffee :D
Harold: lucky ducky! Have fun then…
Harold: <file_gif>
Frances: we surely will! Hugs!
Summary: One of the meetings was cancelled and Frances is at Strawberry Café.
Dialogue: Tom: have you seen how brett kisses his dog in public?
Tom: it's disgusting
Will: whether it's in public or private is disgusting lol
Will: he shouldn’t do it lol
Tom: someone should tell him to stop it
Summary: Brett kisses his dog publicly.
Dialogue: Jordan: hey can I come 6pm?
Drew: sure! 
Jordan: cool :D stay in touch
Drew: even better, have to clean up my room xd
Jordan: hahah ok :D
Summary: Jordan will come at 6pm, which will make Drew clean up his room.
Dialogue: Kevin: they say party was great
Sheldon: it was, a bit creepy at times
Kevin: you were away from everything, as always??
Sheldon: a dark shadow, only watchin :D
Kevin: I envy you
Sheldon: dont , it was very weird
Summary: Sheldon finds the party a bit weird although Kevin heard it was great.
Dialogue: Felix: Im coming to Berlin on 21st till the end of the month :) Are you there to stay?
Roxy: thats the plan, yeah
Felix: Maybe we could hit rigoletto ? :)
Roxy: awesome, is it for free for us? 8-)
Felix: will check
Summary: Felix's coming to Berlin on 21st and is staying there till the end of the month. Felix and Roxy agree to hit rigoletto.
Dialogue: Walter: new coupons for McDonald's
Lana: where??
Walter: <file_other>
Walter: just download and make an account
Lana: Thanks, I owe you one!
Walter: It's no biggie
Summary: New coupons for McDonald's are available.
Dialogue: Victoria: Hey, want to come with me downtown?
Victoria: I have an appointment at optician. I have to order new glasses.
Sarah: Sure. I will help you choose the frames xD
Sarah: We could grab a dinner later.
Victoria: Sure. I'll pick you up in 20 minutes. Is that cool?
Sarah: Kk. Getting ready now.
Summary: Victoria's going downtown to order a new pair of glasses and asks Sarah to join her. Sarah agrees to be picked up by Victoria in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Essa: Hey, do you have a group for M&A?
Kuba: Nope, I didn't come to the last class
Essa: We are 3 and you can join us. Katia, Olia and me
Kuba: Hey, I don't so I will gladly join you. Does it have to be some specific company or do we choose?
Essa: I am not sure... We can probably search for a company together :P
Kuba: Sure, we can meet before before the next class
Essa: I can create a group for it
Kuba: And when is the deadline?
Essa: January :D
Kuba: So we can chill :P Have you gone to the class after as well?
Essa: You mean Business Ethics?
Kuba: Yea, I know he was saying that we will have to write some paper in order to receive a grade
Essa: True, 11 pages :(
Kuba: Did she say something else about it?
Essa: No, she is supposed to give us the topics before the winter break
Kuba: But there will be no exam?
Essa: Luckily no :D
Kuba: At least something :P Although I don't know when I will find the time to write all of that, my January is already so busy...
Essa: I feel you man and don't forget about the thesis :D
Kuba: I know, I know. I haven't even started it yet...
Summary: Kuba will join Essa, Katia and Olia for the M&A task. They will choose a company to work on. The deadline is in January. They have to write 11 pages paper for Business Ethics but there will be no exam. The teacher will give the topics before the winter break. 
Dialogue: Tim: Good evening Peter, I'd hate to bother you with a call at that unearthly time but I must ask you something that might be urgent but not before tomorrow morning. My sister had just taken a bad fall in the bathroom hitting her L lower rib cage against an edge of a bathtub and is experiencing general pain. She doesn't think she's broken anything. Would you think it might be something demanding medical attention?
Peter: Good evening Tim, I'm still in bed reading, Emma is asleep, so I'll stick to writing. Firstly, sorry to hear that but don't worry. If she can still move and talk, it can't be too bad. She doesn't spit blood, does she?
Tim: No.
Peter: Is the impacted area swollen?
Tim: No.
Peter: BTW when did it happen?
Tim: Not more than an hour ago.
Peter: Is she alone? Sorry I mean immediate help if her condition deteriorated.
Tim: She lives alone. Her next door neighbours are just across the yard but I don't think they would be much help, being old themselves.
Peter: Do you think she'll be capable of phoning in case of an urgent need?
Tim: I should think so. Well, she texted me after the accident.
Peter: While you talked to her, was she lucid?
Tim: We couldn't talk because of my wife and the baby in the same room. She also preferred to write, since, as I suppose, it was less painful that talking. And yes – she was absolutely lucid.
Peter: Of course I cannot say anything definite without examining her but judging by the symptoms you've described I'd tend to say that it's just soreness due to the impact of the fall. But she has to observe her body.
Tim: Exactly what I told her! Should she see a doctor?
Peter: She might if she feels worse. What she may need, however, are painkillers. Tell your sister not to hesitate to take painkillers. Even strong ones. For that she may need a prescription.
Tim: Will they advise me at the drugstore when I describe the case? Anything over the counter?
Peter: If you're going to get them for her, take IBU-ratiopharm 400 g, 20 pills, and 10 pills of the same but 600 g. She may want to start with the stronger one.
Peter: Yes, they're available over the counter.
Tim: It's so generous of you to let me have all this advice at this late hour. I really appreciate it, Peter. Thank you very much.
Peter: Really nothing to thank for. Glad I could help. Let me know how she's doing.
Tim: I will. Thank you again. And good night.
Peter: Good night, Tim.
Summary: According to Peter, Tim's sister should observe her body after the fall and take painkillers
Dialogue: Tom: I'm from Straya and you?
Paula: Minesota
Tom: Ya in the US are very self-confident
Paula: I wouldn't say that we're self-confident, we just have good soft skills
Tom: Gnarly
Paula: How about Australian people?
Tom: We're neither like British people nor the Americans
Summary: Tom is from Australia. Paula is from Minnesota.
Dialogue: Tyler: <file_photo>
Maria: WTF? What is this?
Tyler: That's our dinner
Maria: It wasn't black in the morning…
Tyler: I left it in the oven and forgot :(
Maria: Whatever, I'll buy some pizza on my way home
Summary: Tyler left the dinner in the oven so it burnt. Maria is going to buy some pizza instead.
Dialogue: James: could i borrow 100 bucks?
Kathleen: what for?!?!?!?!?!
James: i lost a bet and i need to pay up today
Kathleen: you shouldn't be betting, much less if you don't have money! 
Kathleen: i'm sorry but i don't want to be a part of this
Summary: James wants to borrow 100 dollars from Kathleen. She refused to do that.
Dialogue: Carol: I need your help with dividing us in groups for this Monday project
Lily: I think we already done that
Jessica: Yeah, it's Lily, Jess, Tom, and then Dave, Mike, Devon, and you Carol, Kitty, and me
Carol: Sounds good
Summary: Carol needs Lily's and Jessica's help with dividing them into groups for the Monday project, but Lily and Jessica have already done that. 
Dialogue: Sylvester: Have you seen 'Cast Away'?
Jean: Tom Hanks on a desert island?
Sylvester: right!
Jean: sure. Great film
Arnold: unbelievable story
Arnold: I cant even imagine something like that
Sylvester: Tom Hanks rocks in this role!
Jean: yeah, respect!
Jean: he lost about 20 kg and worked out hard
Jean: I read 
Sylvester: he's brilliant really
Sylvester: Philadelphia almost brought tears to my eyes
Arnold: I like him too
Arnold: and he likes Polish Fiat 126p!
Sylvester: :D
Arnold: he got one as a present
Jean: crazy idea
Jean: but cool
Sylvester: I remember when it was on the news
Sylvester: that woman who organized the whole thing
Sylvester: she's crazy
Arnold: :D
Summary: Tom Hanks performed brilliantly both in "Cast Away" and "Philadelphia". They admire Tom Hanks.
Dialogue: Josh: Are we going to the new club tonight?
Ethan: Yes! Finally you agreed!
Josh: haha. I can't live like a monk all my life!!
Ethan: Hurra! We're going to have a lot of fun tonight, mate!
Summary: Josh has finally agreed to go to the new club with Ethan tonight. Ethan is excited.
Dialogue: Clara: did Mike spoke with you already?
Finn: about?
Clara: vacation plans
Finn: do you want to go with them again?
Clara: yes, that's the plan at least
Clara: you're not happy about that?
Finn: you know how I feel about his GF
Finn: or to be more precises about her "moods"
Clara: it's only for a week
Finn: that's about 6 days over my limit...
Finn: I just can't be bothered to listen to her constant whining
Finn: complaining about every choice we make
Clara: I don't remember it being that bad
Finn: you're just more patient than me :)
Clara: if you don't like it we can go alone
Finn: I'll speak with Mike first
Clara: okay
Finn: we can talk about it more later at home :)
Summary: Clara and Finn are considering going on a 6-day trip with Mike and his girlfriend. Finn is unsure he can handle her for that long.
Dialogue: John: Hey Mark, what about our next group match?
Mark: What about it? -_- I've been trying to get you guys to play for about a week now.
John: Hey now c'mon xD. You know we've all been busy this week.
Mark: Then why'd you even ask?
John: Okay no seriously, when is it? You know we're free this weekend.
Mark: Alright, I'll ask if the other team is free to play. I'll let you know.
John: Great!
Mark: And if you ditch me this time I'm gonna take the team off the competition ._. . You guys are so annoying.
John: Yeah okay, whatever. XD
Mark: Hey I'm serious :D . 
John: OKAY MARK! I get it. And you can stop laughing too btw. 
Summary: John and other guys were busy this week. Mark will ask if the other team is free this weekend to play a match.
