Dialogue: Dad: Hi Enzo, how are you today?
Enzo: fine
Dad: what do you think about me coming next week end?
Enzo: don't know
Dad: i'll be glad to spend some time with you.
Enzo: if you want.
Dad: what would you do?
Enzo: no idea
Dad: you could me more helpful...What do you think about a football match or a concert live on saturday evening?
Enzo: football ok
Dad: ok and i'll let you choose where you want to have lunch
Enzo: burger or kebab
Dad: do you know some nice adress?
Enzo: yep
Dad: and you don't care to be seen there with your dad?
Enzo: my friends don't go there   on the week end
Dad: I see.. You're not so well don't you?
Enzo: i'm fine
Dad: anything that would please you?
Enzo: to get my PS4 
Dad: i told you already. You'll get it when you will decide to work at school
Enzo: .
Dad: what does it mean "."?
Enzo: means nothing
Dad: ok boy. See you next week. Hope you'll be in a better mood. Love you
Summary: Enzo is meeting Dad next weekend. They will go to a football match and for lunch: burger or kebab. Enzo knows some good places. He would like to get his PS4. He will get it when he starts doing better at school.
Dialogue: Ethan: Which gas station has the best prices?
Alice: I always tank at the Tesco 
Sara: Which one?
Alice: The one out of town
Sara: I heard they have cheap gas there
Alice: It's always few cents per litre cheaper
Ethan: Good to know. Thanks!! 
Summary: The Tesco that's out of town has the cheapest gas according to Alice and Sara.
Dialogue: Ania: Have you shown the new flat to mom and Daria? ;)
Ola: Yeah, today we went to check it out and measure everything. I want to buy a new sofa so I need to know the size. Daria said that there is a nice atmosphere, she liked the flat a lot :D
Ania: Awesome! Yeah, you probably have to order the sofa very soon
Ola: Yeah, it takes around four weeks
Ania: We were today at my friend's, she also moved in to a new flat recently
Ola: And how did you like it?
Ania: She renovated everything very nicely :) but she said she would never decide to make such a serious refurbishment again
Ola: Yeah, it's always a pain in the ass...
Ania: So it's awesome that you have everything ready to move in. Her renovation lasted 6 months
Ola: OMG! Must have been costly as well!
Ania: Yeah, I guess
Ola: And how big is her flat?
Ania: Around 40 sq m
Ola: Same as mine :))
Ania: It seemed quite spacious
Summary: Ola showed the new flat to mom and Daria today. Daria liked the flat. Ola will order a new sofa for the flat. Ania visited a friend today, who also bought and renovated a flat recently.The renovation lasted 6 months. The friend's flat is about 40 m2, just like Ola's.
Dialogue: Angie: Did you prepare some lunch for tomorrow?
Charlotte: No, I was planning to go to Sushi Project
Angie: Wanna some chili? I made way to much again
Charlotte: Sure!! I love chili!
Angie: Big portion or really big portion? :D
Charlotte: you know me.
Angie: really big portion it is
Charlotte: ;D
Summary: Angie will put aside a big portion of chili for Charlotte.
Dialogue: Harper: Hiii:)
Grace: Hi
Harper: What's up??
Grace: Nothing interesting actually
Harper: I'm sitting all evening alone, and I thought I'll write to sb
Camila: Alone? So where's Tom?
Harper: He went for a beer with some friends from school
Camila: Ah, I see. And you feel lonely
Harper: A bit:)
Camila: And I'm on my way to my parents
Harper: Weekend with mum??
Camila: Exactly
Camila: I need a break from this town
Harper: That bad?
Camila: I had an awful week
Camila: Much work and stress
Harper: :<
Camila: And my boss is horrible
Camila: I really need to chill out
Summary: Harper is sitting alone at home because Tom went for a beer with some friends from school. Camila had a hard week at work and now she is on the way to her parents to spend a relaxing weekend with her mum. 
Dialogue: Mike: Hey guys, have u seen the last episode of Narcos?
Kate: Nope, I don’t watch it
Tom: Yep! I liked it very much!
Chris: It’s a kind of show where good people get hurt and bad guys do really bad things
Kate: Just like in the real life 😉 
Summary: Mike, Tom, Kate and Chris are discussing Narcos.
Dialogue: Sue: I've just got home...
Sue: feel like a wrinkly shirt
Jack: ;)
Jo: Get a nice bath
Jo: and go to bed earlier
Jack: You need to get ready for the event!
Sue: I'll try
Sue: for you
Summary: Sue got back home really tired. Jack reminds her to get ready for the event.
Dialogue: Nicole: tonight was perfect! thank you guys again!! :*
Kate: no problem :) you are always welcome at out place
Jackson: yeah, you should come more often!
Nicole: after tonight i definitely will :* thank you so much again!
Jackson: thanks for the delicious salad!
Kate: see you next tam Nicky :**
Summary: Nicole went to Kate and Jackson's place tonight and brought a salad. They all had a good time. 
Dialogue: Harry: party on saturday?
Ginny: sure
Harry: I'll pick u at 8
Ginny: ok :)
Summary: Ginny and Harry are going to party on Saturday. Harry will pick Ginny up at 8. 
Dialogue: Gwen: Great job, Joe, you only had one job - water the plants.
Joe: I did.
Gwen: I don't think so. I just got back home and they look pretty dead to me.
Joe: They were absolutely fine yesterday. I watered them just like you told me.
Gwen: It's a desert, Joe.
Joe: What am I supposed to tell you, Mum? Maybe there was something wrong with the water.
Gwen: Which watering can have you used?
Joe: Green one.
Gwen: Aha, thanks Joe. We don't have a green watering can.
Summary: Joe didn't water the plants and killed them. 
Dialogue: Eve: I learnt today at the dean's office that our exam is scheduled for Thursday, 7th, most probably in the afternoon
Carol: Is that the final date? No extensions?
Martin: I think so, apparently Prof is going on holiday the very next day so that's the latest he can do
Nathalie: Oh no, I need to hand in the other assignment before I can take the exam!!! There's no way I'm going to be done before the 7th! What do I do?!
Martin: Are you sure? No chance you can be done bu the 7th? You still have over 5 weeks!
Nathalie: The 7th is next week!! We're talking about March, right?
Eve: Haha, Nat! :) Let me be clear - the final exam date is the 7TH of APRIL, no extensions are to be approved after that
Nathalie: PHEW! THANK YOU! I was about to collapse here
Eve: no problem, happy to help! What other assignment are you talking about?
Nathalie: Do you remember when I broke my leg and had to have a really intense physio? He agreed for me to hand it one of the papers by the end of the semester 
Martin: Do you need it? I'm sure he won't remember what he read...
Carol: I could use some better grade on one of mine... do you think I could resubmit it?
Nathalie: I'm not sure. He was pretty reluctant to let me do it but I bored him with some lines from the uni constitution and he eventually caved ;)
Carol: well, maybe it's worth a shot...
Eve: A little of top: the second floor in the library is being remodeled or sth and it's going to be inaccessible the entire week starting Monday so if you need anything you still have tomorrow to check it out!
Martin: Damn, I better make my way over there tomorrow, I misplaced my copy of his recommended reading list, does anybody have it?
Eve: I know it makes me sound like a nerd - but I do, I will forward over to you:)
Martin: But you are OUR nerd, Eve, so that's okay :) saving us yet another time
Carol: do you think it's bad i haven't ready any? how important are they for the final?
Nathalie: I heard from the previous years that he always scores better if you imply you've read it. Not sure you can pass without having read them...
Martin: Carol, I will be in the library all day tomorrow, something tells me I will see you there :)
Summary: The exam is scheduled for Thursday, 7th April, most probably in the afternoon. Nathalie needs to hand in an assignment before it. The second floor of the library is going to be inaccessible for the entire week starting on Monday, so the students have only tomorrow to check out the books they need.
Dialogue: Emil: we're already at the festival
Emil: you?
Rosa: still on my way
Rosa: I'll arrive at 3pm
Emil: alright
Rosa: I'm here.
Rosa: where are you guys?
Rosa: hey
Rosa: Can't reach you somehow, I'll try later
Emil: sorry we were doing some siesta :)
Rosa: no worries, I already checked in at the hotel
Rosa: now I'm hanging out at the vendors' zone
Emil: cool, we'll meet you there
Emil: so, we're here, where r u?
Rosa: sorry I moved
Rosa: I'm at the main stage right now
Rosa: where Tundra is playing
Rosa: I'm at the left side
Emil: ok, we're coming, DON'T MOVE!
Summary: Emil is at the festival. Rosa will arrive at 3 PM. Emil is doing some siesta. Rosa checked in at the hotel. She is at the stage where Tundra is playing, on the left side. Emil is coming to her.
Dialogue: Rick: How’s everything? Got any plans for the New Years Eve this year?
Martin: Hello, actually really good! Are you fishing for a party to crash? Same as you do each year, haha?
Rick: Haha, not this time. I’m renting a house for 20 people and looking for my old buddies to engage. How does that sound to you?
Martin: Hmmm, that might just be a pinpoint idea. What’s the location of that ‘mansion’ :D?
Rick: It’s located in the middle of nothing, in the mountains. Forrest, total alienation from the human mankind :P You might even miss mobile reception. 
Martin: Nice, I think I will be joining you. Might I bring some guests with me as well?
Rick: Ok, you are very welcome. I’ll send you an invite for the event on Facebook. I’ll post the details there
Martin: Awesome. I’d never thought, that you might destroy my plans of sitting at home and pretending not to care about the whole New Year’s stuff.
Rick: Haha, what do you mean?
Martin: You know, resolutions such as picking up new hobbys, losing weight, joining the gym etc.
Rick: LOL, you gotta be joking. But it’s always a good idea to start a diet after Christmas though!
Martin: You sound a bit like an oversensitive girl :P 
Rick: Anyway, let’s just have fun before we reach the age of reason and dullness!
Martin: Well said, well said! Send me that invite on Facebook and then it’ll be all clear.
Rick: I will! Gotta go, let’s keep in touch, mate! 
Summary: Rick invited Martin for his New Year's Eve party. Rick is renting a house for 20 people in the mountains. Although Martin planned sitting at home then, he will join Rick.
Dialogue: Olivia: How is Queensland?
John: I like it a lot! So sunny
Joshua: Did you take the kids?
John: We did, they like it here
Ellis: especially the contact with nature, the ocean
Joshua: I imagine
Olivia: where are you now?
Ellis: on Fraser Island
Ellis: <file_photo>
Olivia: how beautiful!
Ellis: We rented a SUV
John: there are no roads on the island but huge, wide beaches that are like highways
Joshua: seems nice, enjoy guys
John: thanks!
Summary: John and Ellis are in Queensland with children. They rented a SUV and they are currently visiting Fraser Island.
Dialogue: Robbie: Hey! Do u know the weather forecast for 2moro?
Theo: Sure. Cold as hell.
Vinnie: That's very accurate.
Robbie: No, srsly! I'm leaving 2moro and need some info.
Theo: It's going to be 10 degrees below zero and windy.
Vinnie: But sunny the whole day
Robbie: Thanks, guys! Owe u one!
Theo: When are u coming back?
Robbie: On Monday.
Vinnie: Going by car?
Robbie: Yeah.
Theo: Watch out. It's supposed to be icy on Monday.
Summary: Robbie is leaving tomorrow, he is driving. Theo is giving him the forecast. It's going to be 10 degrees below zero, windy and sunny. Robbie is coming back on Monday.
Dialogue: Emily: Hey George, how are you?
George: Hi, I'm fine thank you. I've jut ended my exams 
Emily: That's great. Did you pass them?
George: The first 3 yes but the last one was today and I don't have teh results yet
Emily: That's great!
Emily: I think we should celebrate it
George: It's a great idea but right now I'm going to sleep because I'm exhausted
Emily: I get it
Emily: Are you already home?
George: No I'm going back tomorrow because I want to see my girlfriend 
Emily: I didn't know that you have a girlfirned. Congratulations!
George: Thanks, but she lives about 400km away from my home so we can't see each other that often
Emily: I see, that's for sure hard
George: Not really, I'm taking hear in to the mountians for holidays actually
Emily: That's great, I'm sure you'll gave a great time
George: I'm gonna have next Saturdat free maybe we can go out for a drink?
Emily: I'm supposed to meet Joe then
George: Could we meet in 3? I would love to see you
Emily: I think that won't be a problem
George: So please ask him 
Emily: Okay I'll ask and then tell you when we can meet
Summary: George has just ended his exams. He passed the first 3, but doesn't have the results on the last one yet. George is going home tomorrow, but will see his girlfriend first, who lives far away. Emily is meeting Joe next Saturday. Emily will ask Joe if he wants to meet with George as well. 
Dialogue: Jerry: Could you give me your address?
Kate: sure
Kate: it's 1199 Dean St. 
Jerry: which line should I take from Manhattan?
Kate: eg. A,C
Jerry: ok, I should be there in about 40min
Kate: ok, I am waiting for you
Jerry: :*
Summary: Jerry will take line A or C to get to Katie's place 1199 Dean St. It will take Jerry about 40 minutes. 
Dialogue: George: I am so sorry! I forgot to do the dishes
Jenny: It's fine I run the dishwasher
Jay: Damn George, again man, this gotta stop, we had an agreement
George: I know, I'll vacuum as my punishment
Jay: hahaha how about for 3 days:D?
George: Oh come on it was just a couple of plates and silverware
Jay: hahaha just joking, fine by me, vacuum once
Jenny: I don't know, I think you deserve some more punishment
George: why? you guys fuck up too, not just me
Jay: Ok, let's make a general rule, if someone forgets to do sth they had to
George: Sure, anything specific?
Jenny: How about vacuuming and taking the trash out for everything we forget to do that we were scheduled for
Jay: Agreed!
George: I guess I'll take the trash out too
Summary: George didn't do the dishes. The new punishment for not doing the dishes is vacuuming and taking the trash out.
Dialogue: Kevin: Sooo how was it
Chloe: The party?
Kevin: Weeeeell
Chloe: Speak up or im gonna kill you I swear I wanted to go so much
Kevin: it was…. LEGENDARY!!!
Chloe: ahhhhhhh
Kevin: Leslie got so drunk, she started screamin at everyone and blamin them for sth, we all just laughed until she broke a glass in the front door
Chloe: Nooooo way, why, how!!!
Kevin: She decided the party sucks and wanted to go out… without opening the door xd
Chloe: Shes a bit edgy at times, im scared of her
Kevin: Ya it was weird, Olen got sooooo angry he said hes gonna talk to her today
Chloe: Did he?
Kevin: No idea, im only gatherin the news from everyone ;p
Chloe: and you? got wasted? ;p
Kevin: Yesss my costume was absolutely destroyed, I got home half naked my mum thought someone raped me ;d
Chloe: that’s creepy!! what did you doooo ;p
Kevin: Well a part of it was torn off at the very beginning, no idea how I did it but Katy convinced me to sew it in a train ;p
Chloe: Lol did you make it
Kevin: Yea it looked terrible, but you know, there is not much light and stuff so it was almost perfect ;P
Chloe: And then?
Kevin: I’m not sure, someone noticed the part, started tearing it… I was like in a death circle, people around me trying to get me naked xD
Chloe: Crazyyyy you have any videos
Kevin: Yea I’ll send them to you later
Summary: At the party, Leslie got drunk and broke a glass in the front door when she was trying to get out. Olen got angry and he's going to talk to her today. Kevin's costume was destroyed, he got home half naked and his mum thought he had been raped. 
Dialogue: Mark: Tanyaaaaa, I'm a dodohead and forgot to write you for your bday
Mark: I hope you had a fantastic time celebrating and that the year ahead is full of happiness and adventure!
Mark: miss ya buddy! bigs hugs from far away
Mark: <file_photo>
Tanya: ooooommmmggggg
Tanya: that photo!!!! 😂😂😂
Tanya: thank youuuu
Tanya: miss you too! come visit soon!!!
Mark: will do so ASAP 😎
Summary: Mark hopes Tanya enjoyed her birthday. Mark will visit Tanya asap.
Dialogue: Diamond: Is it raining?
Julio: How the f do I no? Go outside and see, bitch!
Diamond: Shut up!
Summary: Julio doesn't know if it's raining.
Dialogue: Oliver: Game night, my place, start at 9 pm. Who's in?
George: Aye
Jack: Aye
Noah: Fifa included?
Oliver: Yep
Noah: Aye
Summary: Oliver is hosting a game night at his place at 9 pm. Fifa's included. George, Jack and Noah are in.
Dialogue: Sean: hey
Connor: hi 
Sean: what's up? 
Connor: bored 
Sean: so maybe cinema? 
Connor: great idea 
Sean: I know 
Summary: Sean and Connor agreed to go to the cinema.
Dialogue: Hayley: good morning! you ok?
Dan: hey, i woke up with the worst hangover, if that's what you mean
Hayley: that's exactly what i meant
Summary: Dan is having a bad hangover. 
Dialogue: Martin: Katie is in front of the door
Martin: Can someone open?
Andy: I'm not at home
Greg: I heard the bell but I'm shitting 
Greg: Give me 5 min
Summary: Greg will open the door for Katie in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hi, are you going to the lecture tomorrow?
Ela: Yes and Tom is going too
Patricia: Tha's great. Are we taking the bus at 7.30?
Ela: I thought to take the later one because at 7.30 there are to many people
Patricia: You're right, let's take the one at 7.45
Summary: Patricia and Ela will take the 7.45 bus tomorrow to go to the lecture.
Dialogue: Lynn: You know what... I think I need to look for a new job asap
Betty: omg, why?
Betty: anything happened?
Lynn: its getting worse and worse:(
Lynn: the new manager is putting so much pressure on us. 
Lynn: I dont think I can stand it anymore, its too much for me
Gabriela: Im so sorry, Lynn... I thought you quite liked it
Lynn: I did
Lynn: but things have changed
Betty: I understand
Betty: but maybe you should try to talk to her. Tell her that the job is important, that you care but you're stressed
Betty: do you think it'd work?
Lynn: I dont really know... Im scared to talk to her
Lynn: cant even think of that
Gabriela: and how about the other people in your team?
Gabriela: did you talk to them?
Lynn: yes but theyre afraid to talk too
Lynn :(
Betty: its best when you try to talk to her
Betty: of course you can look for sth new in the meantime
Gabriela: I agree
Gabriela: start searching now, no stress yet
Lynn: maybe
Lynn: thx
Lynn: :*
Summary: Lynn is afraid to talk to her manager about her work stress. She might look for a new job.
Dialogue: Mike: hey have you played RDR2 already?
Jack: of course
Jack: I think I'm halfway through
Mike: ooooh
Mike: and whaddya think?
Mike: coz I've just started
Jack: what can I say, it's freaking great
Jack: the storytelling, the acting, the graphics, immersiveness (is that a word? hehe)
Jack: you know, when I was a kid, I used to play with cowboy-themed lego sets
Jack: so it's like a dream coming true for me :D
Mike: haha
Mike: totally
Summary: Jack likes RDR2 mainly for the narration, acting and the graphics. Jack used to play with cowboy-themed lego sets when he was a child.
