Dialogue: John: Are you going to pick us up from the airport?
Zlatan: I can't, I'm very sorry
Zlatan: I have to work tomorrow, but I talked to a friend and he will help you
Zlatan: I've just added Zoran to the group
Terry: ok, great! thanks a lot
John: Hi Zoran!
Zoran: Hi guys, nice to meet you
Zoran: I can't come to the airport but you can take a bus from there to Kvaterniov Trg
Zoran: (Kvaternik Square)
John: thanks! Don't worry, we will manage
Zoran: you have to take the bus 290, it goes every 40min
Zoran: You will arrive at the square after about 30min (15 stops - I've just checked)
Zoran: just write me here when you're on the bus, so I will go to the bus stop at the square and take you to Zlatan's apartment
Terry: ok, we will!
Zoran: and, if you want we can go out to eat something afterwards and have a stroll around the city centre
Terry: Sounds amazing! Any idea what we could see today?
Zoran: the think that everybody fancies is the Museum of Broken Relationships
Terry: Sounds entertaining
Zoran: it's light-hearted and nice
Terry: ok, let's do it
Summary: Zlatan can't pick up John and Terry from the airport, because of work. Zoran will help. John and Terry will take the bus 290 for 15 stops until Kvaterniov Trg. Zoran will meet them there and take them to Zlatan's home. They'll go to the Museum of Broken Relationships and eat something.
Dialogue: Sydney: <file_video>
Sydney: This is the video Karolina took while u were dancing😃😄😃😄😃😄
Andrew: Omg so terrible((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))((d[-_-]b))
Sydney: But it is so funny!! XDXDXDXDXDXD(*^3^)/~☆
Sydney: You looked like the octopus caught by the fisherman and shacking on the boat
Andrew: I was drunk!!(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)(*￣m￣)
Sydney: I still remember what the instructor said to you 
Sydney: What did he say to you?
Andrew: Only one way I can dance well(－－〆)
Sydney: That's the point! (⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）(⌒▽⌒）
Sydney: You drank a lot and you looked like a live dancing octopus XD
Andrew: Not everybody can be talented in dancing!
Sydney: Of course you are right (●＾o＾●)(
Sydney: But not many people could dance like octopus like you XDXD
Andrew: Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!Delete it!
Summary: Karolina took a video of Andrew dancing when he was drunk.
Dialogue: Toni: I want to play Fifa
Toni: I'm in the cafeteria
Leticia: Cool
Cleo: I'm busy right now
Cleo: Maybe in one hour I can join you
Leticia: I'm coming
Leticia: 5 minutes I'll be there
Summary: Toni is in the cafeteria. She will play Fifa with Leticia. Leticia's coming in 5 minutes. Cleo's busy. She will join them in 1 hour.
Dialogue: Anna: hey son
Anna: so how was it?
Anna: do you know how to ski now? :)
James: hey mom
James: a little bit :P
James: it was really great, the weather was awesome, and Rachel's dad was my tutor hehe
Anna: and you're coming back tomorrow?
James: yeah, around 5
James: I'll call you then
Anna: all righty :)
Summary: James is happy about his ski trip and comes back tomorrow around 5 o'clock.
Dialogue: Emma: could you grab some painkillers on your way home?
Louis: sure, everything's fine?
Emma: just another migraine
Emma: and of course I'm out of meds
Louis: don't worry I'll buy something
Louis: just rest for now
Summary: Louis will buy painkillers for Emma's migraine. 
Dialogue: Violet: Hello, dear. How are you today?
Molly: Oh, hello there. I’m fine thank you. How are you?
Violet: Not so well myself. David is bringing over his girlfriend, and I’m all nerves. I have no idea what to bake. Maybe you could share that superb pie recipe?
Molly: I don’t think you should worry so much. He’s still so young. Call me, and I’ll give you the recipe. It’s too long to type.
Violet: Thank you, my dear. You’re an angel.
Molly: It’s nothing, really.
Violet: <file_gif>
Summary: Viloet is nervous about seeing David and his girlfriend. Molly will give her the pie recipe. 
Dialogue: Iza: will you be here today! I'm alone :((
Max: I thought that maybe no one would come today hahah im coming! about 2 bus stops away 
Iza: :))))
Max: its all most winter break there like nahhhh not today :P
Iza: i knoooooow
Summary: Max is coming to see Iza. He is two bus stops away.
Dialogue: Owen: Babe, you okay? xx
Alex: Not now Owen.
Owen: You can tell me :*
Alex: Look, I'm in a shitty mood and ready to tear someone's head off, and I'ld rather not do that, let alone to my boyfriend.
Owen: I've seen you angry, I'm not worried ;)
Alex: No, you've seen me annoyed. Right now I feel pissed
Alex: She had no right!! GRRR!!!
Owen: I know, I agree - which is why I told Deacon what happened
Alex: WHAT?!! Owen, now everyone in the office is gonna think that I need my boyfriend to fix my messes for me
Owen: OR
Owen: They'll think that you're amazing bf loves you som much he's willing to stand up for you
Owen: * Your
Summary: Alex is angry with what another girl did. Owen told Deacon what happened. Alex does not want Owen to intermeddle.
Dialogue: Lonya: <file_video>
Marie: Lovely Lonya, thank you for a beautiful message!
Lonya: Good morning! How is life?
Marie: I'm very happy to be in J'burg with my daughter, but it's soooo cold here. I'm not used to it. How are you?
Lonya: How lovely for you to be with them!  Has she got a big family of her own?
Lonya: I know how nasty the cold weather can be. One just cannot get used to it. I hate it too!
Marie: Sarah is married but struggling to fall pregnant. So sad. It's just the two of them here.
Lonya: So sorry to hear that. How old is she?
Marie: 36 so the time is running out.
Lonya: I do believe in medicine, with all these rapid advancements. And surely in ZA we've got access to the latest.
Marie: Theoretically. It's also a question of means. They're alright, Sarah and Ton, but there's a limit to their spending. And of course we can hardly help.
Lonya: You're right. One praises the latest developments in medicine and forgets that it's only precious few who benefit from them.
Marie: And yet sometimes no money can buy good health.
Lonya: Even the richest die one day. Even young. A slim consolation though. Enough! So you are enjoying your time with them, I suppose?
Marie: Very much so!
Lonya: Keep it up! Love and hugs!
Marie: Love and hugs to you both!
Summary: Marie is in Johannesburg with her daughter and son-in-law which she enjoys a lot. It's cold in Johannesburg. Marie's daughter has problems getting pregnant and she and her husband cannot afford every kind of fertility treatment.
Dialogue: Laura: can i ask you for a favor in the most respectful way?
Jonas: of course you can, go ahead
Laura: i know you and david are not on good terms
Laura: could you please keep me out of it? :-/
Jonas: i'll make sure you are not a part of this, sorry
Summary: Laura doesn't want to be involved in Jonas and David's conflict.
Dialogue: Leo: Are we going to see Monster Jam this coming weekend?
Gloria: Sure!! What time are the shows? 
Leo: Not sure. Will need to check on-line. I think there is one at 1 pm.
Gloria: That's too early for me. I get off from work at 4 pm. Check if they have anything later.
Leo: Ok. I'll check right now.
Gloria: Ok. Let me know.
Leo: They have a show at 7 pm.
Gloria: Perfect :-) It would work. What is the price of the tickets?
Leo: Depending on the seats. The cheapest one is like 20$. 
Gloria: Is not too bad.
Leo: Yeah... is pretty inexpensive. They also have a pit party b4 they main show for 15$.
Gloria: What is that?
Leo: Is when you can take pictures of the trucks and the drivers, walk around the race area.
Gloria: Sounds like fun, we can buy that too.
Leo: Ok. I will stop by the ticket office today and buy them. Is cheaper than on ticketmaster online with the fees.
Gloria: Ok. Let me know when you get them.
Leo: Ok. I will. Talk to you later.
Summary: Gloria cannot go with Leo to see a motorsport show during her working hours. She agrees to go with him to the show happening at 7pm. Leo will stop by the ticket office to buy tickets and the cheapest one costs 20$. They both decide to also attend the pit party which costs 15$. 
Dialogue: Mel: Is Sunday still happening?
Monica: Yes for me!
Eva: I should be able to make it
Mel: Alex, can you get a sitter for the kids?
Alex: Yes, it's done :) I can come
Mel: Awesome! 4pm my place?
Eva: Yay!
Summary: Monica, Eva and Alex will come to Mel's place at 4 pm on Sunday.
Dialogue: Paul: Why does Tom and Marry talk only about food?
Miranda: Maybe they don't have better topics?
Paul: How can you even talk so much about food
Olivia: Hahahaha
Olivia: It's true
Olivia: Now when I think of it
Olivia: Maybe it's some kind of a game?
Olivia: In public we talk only about food 
Olivia: And we will see if people notice
Summary: Tom and Marry talk only about food in public.
Dialogue: Piotr: Are you girls coming today?
Ewa: I am :) 
Aneta: Me too :) I will be there around 8
Piotr: Ok, see you there
Summary: Ewa and Aneta are coming today. Aneta will be there around 8. Piotr will meet them there.
Dialogue: Zack: My guitar's busted!!
Wilson: What happened? The Gibson??
Zack: Yeah, it fell on the floor and the headstock cracked!
Wilson: How bad is it? Is it fixable?
Zack: I don't know. It looks pretty bad.
Wilson: Isn't that the second time?
Zack: Yeah, in the same spot too. Nick broke it when he was 2. This was like 11 years ago. It was in the basement, and he ran up to it and knocked it over onto the concrete floor.
Wilson: I thought so. Well, if you managed to get it repaired last time, I'm sure it's possible again. 
Zack: But now I can't practice, which kind of leads me to my request :)
Wilson: Yes, you can borrow one of mine.
Zack: Which one are you willing to give up?
Wilson: The Fender tele
Zack: :) Ok, I'm happy. How long can I have it for?
Wilson: Until you get it fixed. I have my Peavey Detonator still. Plus I don't really use the Fender these days.
Zack: Ok, can I come over and pick it up later today?
Wilson: I'll be home after 7. We have a hectic day today... Nick's bday, remember?
Zack: Oh yeah, wish him a good one from my and Beth. Or I'll do it personally when I come over.
Wilson: Ok, call before you get here, just ot make sure I'm home. Bye.
Zack: Will do, bye
Wilson: :)
Summary: Zack's guitar is broken. Wilson will lend him one of his guitars so he can practice. Zack will pick up the guitar after 7 p.m. 
Dialogue: Tiffany: Harry
Tiffany: I think we need to take Rufus to the vet today
Harry: why, what's happening?
Tiffany: it seems he ate your shoestrings!
Harry: what? Jesus, ok, I'm calling Mr. Marshall then
Harry: I'll come and pick you up after work!
Summary: Rufus ate Harry's shoelaces and needs to be taken to the vet today. Harry will set up an appointment with Mr. Marshall and pick up Tiffany after work.
Dialogue: Meghan: Geez!
Chris: What?
Meghan: Somebody is touchy today...
Chris: Really?
Meghan: Yeah, just got my head bit off when I asked a simple question.
Chris: He's probably just stressed because he has to spend two days with the family.
Meghan: True!
Summary: He was snappy with Meghan after she asked him a question. He has to spend 2 days with the family. Chris suggests this might be the reason he's in a bad mood.
Dialogue: Amanda: Fuck! There is a guy with a rifle kicking at my neighbour's door.
Amanda: He's shouting!!
Amanda: I'm scared.
Paula: WTF???
Paula: Call the police!!
Amanda: I'm scared he will hear me and will shoot at my door
Wendy: I will call 
Wendy: Give me the exact address
Amanda: Hills Road 38, 8th floor
Wendy: Ok, I'm calling
Paula: Fuck! This is horrible!
Wendy: I have an officer on the line
Wendy: Is the guy armed?
Amanda: Yes, he has a rifle
Wendy: Do you know who he is?
Amanda: No idea
Wendy: The police is on the way
Amanda: He's just shot!!!
Amanda: He broke into the apartment 
Wendy: The police will be there in 2 minutes
Summary: Amanda's seeing a guy who's trying to break into her neighbour's home. Wendy's calling the police. They will be there in 2 minutes.
Dialogue: Kate: honeeeeey
Kate: the TV isn't working
Kate: what do I do?
Kate: <file_gif>
Jared: Have you tried turning it on?
Kate: .... well thanks, honey
Jared: Glad I could help.
Kate: And you know, if your key suddenly stops working
Kate: just go somewhere else.
Jared: ooooh, c'mon, admit it, it was a little funny?
Kate: not at all!!
Jared: OK, I'll be home in a minute, I'll have a look
Kate: better go fast, the locksmith is already here
Kate: <file_gif>
Summary: Kate can't watch the TV, because it stopped working. Jared will be back in a minute to help her.
Dialogue: Darek: My cousin was invited to a wedding by his friend
Darek: He's tall, handsome and intelligent but very shy
Darek: He told me that it's extremely hard for him to initiate a conversation with a nice girl
Lidia: Alright, enough, I see
Lidia: In short, he wants me to accompany him, right?
Darek: Actually, he didn't even ask me about that but he said he's ready to go alone
Darek: We're good friends and I can't accept such a decision
Darek: We've been building up his self-confidence for 2 months now but he still needs to work on it
Lidia: Wow, Darek, I'm impressed!
Lidia: You're doing him a favor without him asking you, how noble
Lidia: When's this wedding?
Darek: In 3 weeks, 6th May
Lidia: I haven't planned anything for 6th May yet
Lidia: So I could go with him, on one condition...
Darek: Fire away
Lidia: He must ask me himself. He can call me, text, send a letter... whatever
Lidia: I need to see any initiative from him. Deal?
Darek: Deal! You're the best! I'll make him break the ice
Summary: Lidia agrees to go to a wedding on 6th May with Darek's cousin on the condition that the cousin asks her himself.
Dialogue: Bart: HEY
Finn: HELLO
Bart: I will send our songs in high quality. of course confidential 
Finn: oh yes!!!! iv been waiting for this don't worry I will keep it all to myself :P
Bart: enjoy. very appreciate that <3
Finn: I'm having a hard time opening the link but could be my internet 
Bart: I will find this files on Soundcloud and send them to you
Finn: great!! thankssss
Bart: <file_other>
Bart: our new video! I hope you like it :D 
Finn: oh yes!!! Thank you! im watching it right now :D :D 
Finn: its really good! the song the video! LOVE IT 
Bart: Thank You! im glad you liked it
Finn: yes!
Bart: just bumping stats on youtube, now we have one view from US 
Finn: YES!! ill get all my friends to watch it!
Bart: THANKS we need to write songs in English especially for you hahah
Finn: YES! that be so amazing! the polish songs are great but ones I could understand would b amazing hahaha
Bart: We will do it ahahah
Summary: Bart sent to Finn a link to his new songs in high quality. Bart promised Finn to record songs in English in the future.
Dialogue: Gina: <file_photo>
Gina: or
Gina: <file_photo>
Lucas: Nice!
Daniel: A change of style?
Gina: A necessity ;) I got a prescription
Lea: You look cute in both!
Gina: Thank you darling!
Gina: I can only get one pair though ;)
Lucas: I really think you look good in both, why don't you buy two pairs?
Gina: Hm... Let me guess... No money? :D
Lea: I agree with Lucas. It's a real nightmare to buy a new pair of glasses, at least for me
Daniel: But you could a reimbursement from the company, so why not?
Gina: You think I can?
Lea: Of course you can, there's some paperwork involved, but it shouldn't be difficult
Gina: <file_photo>
Gina: Maybe?
Lucas: God no
Lea: Told you it's not easy to buy a new pair :D get one for everyday use and one for more special/business occasions, trust me on this ;)
Daniel: I think I like the first ones the most
Gina: I was thinking about the second...
Lucas: see? buy two
Gina: I'll reserve them both and think about it
Summary: Gina has to wear glasses. She has two pairs to choose from, and she doesn't know which one she should get. Lea, Lucas and Daniel recommend Gina buying both of them.
Dialogue: Mary: Can you pick up the kids?
John: Sure. You've already asked me this morning.
Mary: Really? I don't remember. 
John: Ok, doesn't matter.
Summary: John will pick up the kids at Mary's request.
Dialogue: Greg: Ms. Hawkins, I believe your dog shit on my loan.
Ms. Hawkins: He would never do such a thing!
Greg: Well I saw him?
Ms. Hawkins: Do you have a witness?
Greg: No, I don't. I cleaned it this time. But don't let it happen again, please.
Ms. Hawkins: And you tell the lady who left your house at 5 am this morning to lose the hat. It's awful!
Summary: Ms. Hawkins' dog shat on his lawn, but she doesn't believe it.
Dialogue: Marion: Sonny, I can't find you, neither my suitcase. Do you have it? I'm panicked 
Sonny: I've gone through the security already. Maybe you left it at the bar?
Marion: ufff. yes, it was there. Wait for me
Sonny: I'm always waiting for you
Summary: Marion left her suitcase at the bar. Sonny has gone through the security already. Sonny will wait for Marion as always.
Dialogue: Stefanie: I was just wondering if the jokes from my wishes won't hurt Cam's feelings... Leave them? I dont really know what is her approach towards time and her age :D whaddya think? #second thoughts
Jess: I haven't watched it yet. But something happend and your vid won't play anymore :/
Stefanie: Did you download it or online?
Jess: did you delete it? i went to your link and nothing
Stefanie: i ahven't done anything
Jess: I havent' dowloaded it, I wanted to do it today, I dont know what happened, yesterday it was all alright :/
Stefanie: but the second link, not the first one?
Jess: Yep. Sorry to worry you
Stefanie: I sent it again. Not at all
Jess: this pops up <file_photo>
Stefanie: Maybe attach it directly from email?
Jess: and on laptop too, error <file_photo>
Stefanie: I uploaded it again, try now <file_other> if nothing helps try restarting your laptop
Summary: The link to Stephanie's video does not work.
Dialogue: Mark: any answer?
Jim: not yet...
Mark: OK, keep me posted
Jim: will do
Summary: Jim still hasn't received an answer.
Dialogue: Ron: Hey, bad news
Tim: Hey, what's going on?
Ron: Dorothy's still mad at me
Tim: Oh well, I kinda understand her
Ron: Oh come on, whose side are you on?
Tim: The sober side, lol
Ron: I hate you
Tim: Come on, relax, I think she actually likes you
Ron: Really?
Tim: Nope, I'm trolling you, hahahah
Ron: I hate you (2)
Tim: Just kidding, man, just kidding, chill out...
Summary: Dorothy is still mad at Ron. Tim understands Dorothy.
Dialogue: Claire: I'm in the bus going home
Patrick: A bus? Are you insane??
Claire: The flights were so expensive
Patrick: They always are on Fridays
Patrick: What time will you be in Brussels?
Claire: Around midnight
Patrick: So many hours....
Patrick: I feel sorry for you
Claire: What to do?
Claire: At least I can work.
Patrick: Work?
Claire: Yeah. I need to write some dialogs.
Patrick: Humm... for a movie?
Claire: haha I wish...
Claire: And how about you? What's up?
Patrick: I'm leaving the office soon
Patrick: Heading back home.
Claire: Any plans for the weekend?
Patrick: Nothing. Just chill. 
Summary: Claire is going home by bus. She will be in Brussels around midnight. Patrick is going home soon.
Dialogue: Tracy: Are you ok?
Lottie: I'm fine. Why?
Tracy: You didn't come to the dinner
Tracy: I thought you might be sick
Lottie: I told you I couldn't come. I'm out of town
Tracy: You did
Tracy: Sorry, menopausal brain...
Lottie: lol
Lottie: Did you guys have fun?
Tracy: It was really nice
Tracy: It's a pity you couldn't make it
Tracy: But maybe next time
Lottie: For sure
Summary: Lottie couldn't come to dinner. Tracy forgot Lottie couldn't come. 
Dialogue: Robin: Appologies, it really irks me
Olive: Fair enough :P So what else do people do that "irks" you?
Robin: at work? general bitchiness and a lack of common sence, having to clean up after the previous shift because "it's not my job" even though when i do the shift its my job
Robin: ironing as well, now i was brought up wash clothes, hang them on the line let the wind air them and gravity dop creases outt, then ron them, i got chewwed out because i told the lass on nights there were shower curtains on the line, she throws a wobbler about hos its always been my job and she does more work than me and stewart, it was 5 curtains and she'd have finished all her jobs thor the shift in an hour and a half easily
Olive: You really hate your job, don't you... :(
Olive: Do any other employees feel that way though?
Robin: the jobs not bad its just some of the people i work with, yes me and stewart are in the same boat
Robin: he's former rhodesian counter terrorist police, also did firearms for movies like the expendables with schwartzneiger
Olive: And he hates it too?
Robin: has the same irks, sometimes the job is ace, the guest can be great and being aknowleged by them either with a card or tripp advisor is ace
Robin: i just hate what amounts to sexism
Olive: Sorry mate :( Wish i could help
Robin: i'm alright - just nice to chat with someone from time to time...
Robin: Like apparently the cleaners and female night staff have been placing rubbish on the floor to see if I've hovered up, the woman on nights wasn't impressed when I hadn't ironed wet shower curtains fresh out of the wash. She's the one who apparently "does more than we do on shift" yet she wont do paperwork that she'd throw her dummy out if it hadn't been done for her 
Robin: And my manager supports her whole heartedly
Olive: Fun fact - the cleaning ladies tick was something that mistresses would do in Victorian times to make sure that the servants were doing their job properly.
Olive: One such trick involved hiding a coin, under a rug - if the servant gave the money back, she was trustworthy. If the servant took the money, the mistress would know. And if the servant missed the coin completely, she clearly wasn't doing her job.
Olive: Now that I've gotten that (interesting, but completely useless) fact out of the way, I think the only thing I can say is: hang in there. Or better yet - don't give them (aka your boss) a reason to fire you.
Olive: Right now, you're in a tough situation because you need the job more than they need you - so, even though it's unfair (and I completely agree with you btw), the only way to win the war is to not let them get you down.
Olive: Man... I suck at giving advice.
Robin: Completely useless information is always useful for pub quizzes, flattered, deffinatly go with flattered
Olive: What about the remainder of my answer... ?
Robin: the advice is good, and your right I just need to push through it, as for military I've not a clue, run with the pups try and rehabilitate my joints and see if theres any career I can do, although im also looking at museum's as a possible career 
Olive: That could be fun - it's interesting, right? :D
Olive: Have you tried getting a job there?
Robin: Looking online atm but I haven't seen much
Summary: Robin had an argument with a female colleague at work. He works with Stewart, ex-policeman, that has the same problems. Female night staff and cleaners put the rubbish on the floor to check if he hoovers it. She doesn't do any paperwork. The manager supports her. Robin needs this job.
Dialogue: Mr Potter: Dear Mrs Johns. Following our phone conversation, I'd like to confirm our meeting on Tuesday, 27th of October at 5 p.m. 
Mrs Johns: Yes. That is confirmed. 
Mr Potter: The meeting will take place in the Sheraton Lodge. Hills Road 27.
Mrs Johns: Thank you, Mr Potter. See you on Tuesday. 
Summary: Mr Potter is having a meeting with Mrs Johns on Tuesday, 27th October at 5 p.m in the Sheraton Lodge, Hills Road 27.
Dialogue: George: I might've mentioned it before, but my son has just been born.
George: Come to my home and bring any alcohol you have
Fred: On my way then.
Fred: Congratulations!!
George: Don't congratulate - just come here mate!!!
Fred: Ok ok. I'll get some booze and go to you asap.
George: That's great!
George: I've never felt so happy in my life!
George: I HAVE A SON!!!
Fred: :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Summary: George's son has just been born. George wants to celebrate with Fred. 
Dialogue: Larry: hey mate, did you wire me the money for Peter's gift?
Jake: no sorry, how much?
Larry: 20 quid, we are getting him new headphones
Jake: 20 quid?! That's a lot...
Larry: I know but it's just 3 of us and it's his 30th birthday...
Jake: Ok fine, whatever
Summary: Jake should transfer Larry 20 quid for the gift for Peter's 30th birthday.
Dialogue: Teresa: girl
Teresa: red or black lipstick for the Gala? im confused😕🤦‍♀️
Charity:💋😂 go with Red, black will make it look like halo-ween
Teresa:😂
Charity:😁
Teresa: okay, Red it is
Charity: thats my girl
Summary: Charity advises Teresa to wear red lipstick for the gala.
Dialogue: Caroline: Where are you?
Stephanie: in the front row
Caroline: it's too crowded to get there, I'll stay at the rare
Stephanie: OK!
Summary: Caroline will stay at the rare, because it's too crowded to get to the front row.
Dialogue: Lucienne: Did you hear that Lydia's husband killed himself?
Mile: Who is Lydia?
Caroline: That's horrible!
Caroline: The shy girl that was in our class in high school 
Caroline: Lydia Cabral
Mile: I remember her
Mile: Didn't know she was married
Lucienne: That's really shocking
Caroline: Poor girl, she must be devastated 
Summary: Lydia's husband committed a suicide. Lydia Cabral was a class mate in high school with Lucienne, Mile and Caroline.
Dialogue: Ellen: listen to this, you won't believe it
Christina: what happened?
Ellen: do you remember that girl susie from work?
Ellen: i've told you about her many times
Ellen: super popular, everyone likes her
Christina: yes i remember her :-)
Christina: from what i can remember you don't like her that much
Christina: right? :-/
Ellen: right, "hate" is a strong word but i'll go ahead and say it
Ellen: i hate her
Ellen: she's just really conceited and thinks she's better than everyone else
Christina: what did she do?
Ellen: she got a haircut two days ago and the hairdresser messed up
Ellen: she cut her hair WAYYYYYYY shorter on the right side
Christina: hahaha thats funny
Ellen: wait for it
Ellen: so she comes to the office yesterday really confident looking like a mess
Christina: i think that would make you happy ???
Ellen: NO!!!!!
Ellen: because everybody likes her so much that a couple of the girls got the same haircut
Ellen: the same messed up haircut!!!
Christina: HAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA
Christina: that's really funny!!!
Ellen: no it't not! lol
Ellen: everyone's talking about it and some of the girls say they'll get the same haircut
Christina: i don't get the women in your office
Summary: Ellen hates one of her workmates even though everyone else likes her. Christina finds it funny.
Dialogue: Ronnie: can u recommend a good book?
Amanda: sure, what type?
Ronnie: fantasy? sth nice
Amanda: u probably red Harry Potter?
Ronnie: of course
Amanda: try Neil Gaiman
Ronnie: is he good?
Amanda: I liked him :)
Ronnie: ok, thanks :)
Summary: Amanda recommends reading Neil Gaiman to Ronnie.
Dialogue: Denise: I hate my little bro.
Emily: Y? What did he do this time?
Denise: My parents are going away for the weekend.
Emily: So?
Denise: I have to look after him.
Emily: So no parties for you? ;)
Denise: Nope. Even worse, I have no idea what to do with him.
Emily: Maybe go to the park and let him play at the playground?
Denise: Not a bad idea. And I can take Chris with me :)
Emily: Who's Chris?
Denise: New boy in our class.
Emily: Tell me more :)
Summary: Denise has to take care of her little brother on the weekend while her parents are gone. She dislikes that. Emily suggests she could take him to the park. Denise likes the idea as she could invite new boy from her class to join them.
Dialogue: Mary: I cannot find the car, crap
Jospeh: You forgot where you parked it?
Mary: yes...
Jenny: you parked it in front of the main entrance to Tesco
Mary: you're a treasure Jenny!
Summary: Mary can't find the car. Jenny reminds her that she parked it in front of Tesco's main entrance.
Dialogue: Ryan: How was your date Gary?
Jacob: Tell us!! 
Gary: Strange
Gary: She ate my burger !!
Ryan: WTF
Gary: exactly
Gary: I went to the loo
Gary: And when I came back she was finishing my burger! 
Summary: Gary's date ate his burger when he was in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Matt: Have you meet Kate eventually?
Chandler: We talked briefly at the university.
Matt: And?
Chandler: What "and?"
Matt: Did she agree to talk to me?
Chandler: Hmm, not really.
Matt: Crap.
Chandler: not that bad. I think she just needs time.
Matt: Even more?
Chandler: Yes, she suggested so
Matt: Ok, i will wait...
Chandler: yes, be patient 
Summary: Chandler talked to Kate briefly but she still doesn't want to talk to Matt.
Dialogue: Pamela: What have you done today?
Elian: Oh you know I stayed home and did some household things
Elian: Ah I played FIFA and that got me depressed
Pamela: Why?
Pamela: Depressed
Elian: I played a lot in the end I needed one point to be champion and I lost
Elian: Actually I wasn't depressed I was pissed off
Pamela: ;)
Elian: But it's just a video game
Pamela: Exactly!
Elian: Well it felt like wasted time
Pamela: It's just a game
Pamela: It doesn't matter if you lose or win
Pamela: You spend exactly the same time in the same way
Pamela: 😊
Elian: Me no like to loose
Pamela: No one  likes
Pamela: And it's just a video game...
Elian: 💚
Elian: Yes you are right
Summary: Elian did some house chores today. He is angry because he lost a match in FIFA.
Dialogue: Lia: Are we going out tonight?
Marion: No way, I'm sick :(
Mel: I'm not in the mood really, sorry
Lia: 😕
Summary: Lia would like to go out tonight but Marion and Mel are not up for it. 
Dialogue: Gus: where the fuck is my chocolate?!?!?!
Barry: i needed it
Barry: but i will buy you the same one
Gus: but that one was for Dinny and she just came
Barry: why do you buy her chocolate?
Gus: its our anniversary
Barry: what?
Barry: you know her for one month or so
Gus: and thats our first month anniversary
Barry: lol you celebrate that shit?
Gus: she is celebrating 
Barry: its so stupid xd
Gus: i know but now i dont have gift
Gus: she will be mad
Summary: Barry took the chocolate that Gus had bought for Dinny for their first month anniversary.
Dialogue: Bryant: I heard from Lily you wouldn't be coming to Dad's birthday party
Marc: Yeah
Marc: We're not exactly on speaking terms, so...
Bryant: Oh come on, it's his 60th birthday, I'm sure he'd be happy, let the bygones by bygones
Marc: You know he's not this kind of person and I don't feel like apologizing this time... but I guess I'll think about it
Summary: Lily told Bryant that Marc would not be coming to Dad's 60th birthday party. Marc is not speaking to his dad, but he will think about it.
Dialogue: Brenda: hi, how you holding up?
Paulina: I'm doing very well actually
Brenda: ve heard about your diet
Paulina: Claire told oyu?
Brenda: yup
Brenda: so, any resultst so far?
Paulina: yeah.. no
Paulina: I mean, I feel better
Paulina: but I didnt lose a pound
Brenda: muscles weighmore
Paulina: I dont know if its muscles
Paulina: I don't exercise really
Brenda: 😨
Brenda: so its just diet?
Paulina: yaeh
Paulina: three weeks already, no results
Brenda: poor babeh
Paulina: 😭
Brenda: good luck with the diet, and move around a bit more!
Paulina: I think I'd have to
Paulina: bye xx
Brenda: bye x
Summary: Paulina has been dieting for three weeks with no results. Brenda advises her to exercise more.
Dialogue: Victoria: I’ve just watched Adele Live Concert! AMAZING!
Mark: I’m a huge fan! She’s incredible.
Victoria: indeed! What a voice!
Kelly: i love her as she’s so down to earth!
Mark: she’s very funny too
Victoria: that’s true she’s a beautiful person inside and out and so talented! 
Mark: she’s the most awesome live performer ever! simply standing there and singing
Kelly: someone like you is my favourite song Yours?
Victoria: water under the bridge
Mark: i like all of her songs
Victoria: i wish i was there..
Mark: i’ve heard she’s not planning any new tours 
Kelly: yeah, apparently they stress her out too much! :(
Victoria: NO! I can’t believe that! It can’t be true!
Summary: Victoria is amazed after watching Adele's Live Concert. Mark, Victoria and Kelly are also huge fans. Kelly's favorite song is Someone Like You and Victoria's favorite song is Water Under the Bridge.
Dialogue: Patricia: Did u hear the latest news?
Dorothy: What news?
Patricia: Paul was promoted to manager!
Dorothy: Tell me you're joking!
Patricia: I'm not.
Patricia: Julia told me over coffee.
Dorothy: Unbelievable. I don't understand where this company is heading...
Patricia: To destruction.
Dorothy: That's right. And look at us.
Dorothy: Waiting for months with no possibilities of promotion.
Patricia: Exactly. I feel your pain.
Patricia: But u know, Paul came here from The Big 4.
Dorothy: So he was probably recommended by Ashley.
Patricia: He sure was. They went to uni together back in the day.
Dorothy: How demotivating!
Dorothy: It's not about what u know, but who u know.
Patricia: That's true, I'm so fed up with this job :(
Dorothy: It's high time to start searching for something new.
Patricia: Yup, we need to update our resumes...
Summary: Paul will become manager. Dorothy and Patricia are frustrated they weren't promoted. 
