Dialogue: Leon: How many beers today?
Ronnie: 4 for me
Rory: ...
Rory: Ronnie... you've already had 4 today...
Ronnie: and so what?
Leon: Ok
Leon: :D
Rory: You're going to be a father in less than a month
Leon: 3 for me then
Ronnie: yes i am :)
Summary: Ronnie is a father-to-be. He's already had 4 beers today and will have another 3. Leon also will have 3 beers.
Dialogue: Luis: Hey you, happy Saturday
Grace: Hold on, I’ve got to finish washing the dishes
Luis: What did you do over the week?
Grace: I’ve been busy with my work. Lots of important stuff to do ☹
Luis: You rock, Grace!
Grace: Thanks. I’m proud that I’ve wrapped up the project. Lots of stress, sleepless nights, but we made it! Our boss is gonna be absofuckinglutely overjoyed!
Summary: Grace has been busy at work. Luis reckons Grace rocks.
Dialogue: Peter: You got a new car bro?
Danny: Who? me?
Peter: No, noo, Tim
Tim: No man, that's my business car, they finally assigned me one
Peter: Oh:D gotcha, nice ride dude!
Tim: Yeah well, we will see how much it will cost me
Peter: Company doesn't pay?
Tim: It does but only for servicing, I cover gas and stuff 
Danny: Ouch, not the best deal, bro, mix out of it
Tim: Can't, I'm gonna have some new stuff to do that I need car for 
Danny: They're screwing you man, big time
Tim: What can I do, I need this job now 
Summary: Tim got a new business car but has to cover everything except for servicing. Danny suggest it's not the best deal. Tim needs the car and the job.
Dialogue: Melanie: Lauraaa
Laura: :O
Melanie: Mike proposed to me!!! :D
Laura: :O WOOOOW!!! <3
Melanie: :D
Laura: I'm so happy for you :D
Melanie: Thank you, dear :D
Summary: Mike asked Melanie to marry him. Laura is very happy for her.
Dialogue: Darrell: I love you <3
Frannie: I love you too <3
Darrell: That I will never understand, I'm a fat ugly bastard XD
Frannie: Oh come on, not true :D ;) <3
Summary: Darrell and Frannie are in love with each other. Darrell seems surprised that Frannie loves him, even though he is overweight and is not too handsome.
Dialogue: Mary: Son, are you awake?
Mary: Carlos.
Mary: Carlos!!!!!!
Mary: Heeellloooo! Anybody there???!!!!
Carlos: What's up, Mum?
Mary: Thanks God, are you OK? I was worried.
Carlos: Mum, I'm a big boy. Wantes sth special?
Mary: Check out the iron, please. I think I might have not put it off.
Carlos: Ok. 
Carlos: It's ok. 
Summary: Mary was worried that Carlos was not responding to her messages. Mary was asks Carlos to check the iron. The iron was ok.
Dialogue: Carol: Hey girl!! 
Carol: I'm going to throw a fancy dress party!! :)
Flora: Oh my god!! Really??
Flora: What's the occasion?
Carol: It's for my friends graduation, you know her 😉
Flora: Sounds super!! When and where??? Have you decided on the theme yet?? 🎉
Carol: No, not yet! But I'm thinking 70's or 60's disco theme.. whoop whoop!! 🙌
Flora: Oh wow!! That would be sooo coool!!! I have the perfect outfit hehe 🎶🎶✨✨
Summary: Carol invites Flora to a 70's or 60's disco themed graduation party. 
Dialogue: Henry: hey any plans for tonight?
Louis: hmm not really ? why?
Henry: i was thinking lets meet
Louis: ohhh.. i will just confirm what time by the way and who else is joining?
Henry: for now Ron, me , Chris and Harris
Louis: good i will just confirm,
Henry: Sure
Louis: hi.. i just confirmed i am available would join you guys. whats the plan 
Henry: we are planning to go to play snooker first then dinner.
Louis: sounds great. 
Henry: we are planning to meet at your place first and then go in one car would that be ok?
Louis: absolutely no problem.
Henry: we chose your place because there is alot of parking space. so we all can leave our cars there.
Louis: yeah no problem.
Henry: ok see ya then we will be there around 8pm.
Louis: Sure, or if you guys want we can watch movie here at my place?
Henry: let me just ask everyone, would let you know then.
Louis: Sure.
Henry: i just confirmed with everyone they would love to watch movie but they think it will be very late then after dinner and its a working day tomorrow? 
Louis: oh ok no worries see you guys then
Henry: sure bye
Louis: bye
Summary: Henry and Louis arranged the meeting for tonight. Ron, Chris and Harris will join them. They plan to play snooker and have dinner. They will meet at 8pm at Louis's place, because there is a lot of parking space. Louis wants to watch movie at his place after dinner, but it's too late for his friends.
Dialogue: Eva: Hey Bro!! I need your car for tomorrow..
Jim: Oh Eva.. I have a commitment tomorrow with my boss.. I am taking him to a dinner..
Eva: Oh brother.. You know that father won't give me his car.. You can take father's car..
Jim: Eva!! why do you need it..
Eva: We, friends have planned a road trip to Barcelona.... Please Brother!!!
Jim: Okay Eva.. But this is the last time i am helping you in your nonsense trips ..
Eva: YES!! you are the best brother anyone can have..
Jim: This will be the last time.. Remember that
Summary: Jim lends Eva his car and takes dad's car. This is the last time he helps her. 
Dialogue: Steve: So how did the LARP go?
Bo: That might take a while. 
Steve: I'm listening. 
Bo: in general it was ok and i don't regret going, but there's a lot of things to work on. Like logistics - there was just chaos at every step before the larp - we didn't know where to go for accreditation, the organizers contradicted themselves several times
Steve: sounds bad
Bo: and there was a several hour delay at the beginning 
Steve: not encouraging
Bo: Yeah, but once it started it got better. You have to give it to them they really put a lot of effort in the props, the set and the costumes for npcs
Steve: any pictures?
Bo: I have several hundred actually, but I have to sift through them, so I'm just gonna upload them in a couple of days 
Steve: ok
Bo: and other players where generally good. Made a couple of friends there actually 
Steve: nice, do they larp outside their area? Maybe they could come to us sometime. We need some fresh blood. 
Bo: yeah, they're definitely interested and I'm pretty sure they have no problem traveling across the country for larps. 
Steve: great to hear
Bo: yeah, anyway there was also a group of orcs - I think they all new each other beforehand - and they were getting shit-faced every night, making lewd comments to girls and generally being assholes to everyone. 
Steve: shit, did you tell the organizers? 
Bo: yeah, I did, quite a few times, and they supposedly talked to them, but it didn't help at all 
Steve: too bad
Bo: if it was my larp I'll just kick them out and ban them from other events right after the first night of this shit
Steve: totally
Bo: And that was another thing I have a problem with - the organizers just weren't assertive enough with them. If a player ruins the game for everyone else you just kick him or her out, simple as that
Steve: You can always give them feedback about all this
Bo: I already did, cause they obviously put a lot of effort into this and just have to fix some things until next year. 
Summary: Bo went to a LARP. There were some mistakes on the organizers' part, but in general it was okay. Bo has pictures from the LARP which he will upload soon. Bo made some friends at the LARP, but a group of players was behaving badly. Bo will give feedback to the organizers. 
Dialogue: Nadia: I started watching Russian Doll but I'm afraid it will be like the groundhog day
Jolene: i love the groundhog day!
Nadia: me too but I don't want the show that's just a rip-off
Jolene: I think it's good, the reviews are very good
Nadia: if it's gonna end in the same way I'm gonna be so pissed off
Jolene: lol
Jolene: calm your tits, it's just a show
Summary: Nadia is watching Russian Doll and is afraid that it will be a rip-off from Groundhog Day. 
Dialogue: Noah: Guys, you won't believe what an experience I had today
Nicolas: don't tell me, have you really seen the whales?
Paul: No way!
Noah: yes! we went sailing and whales were all around our boat at some point
Nicolas: Wasn't it scary?
Noah: not at all. The most most amazing experience of my life
Noah: Marry was even crying
Marry: it's true, it was unforgettable
Paul: how beautiful! you're so lucky, guys. I don't know anybody, who would see them so close.
Nicolas: you have to tell me when it was exactly, I want to try again. Last year we went there and nothing happened. 
Noah: I'll give you the exact position
Nicolas: perfect!
Paul: any pics? we need evidence!
Noah: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Paul: amazing!
Summary: Noah shares the photos of the whales they saw while sailing today. It was so moving Marry shed some tears. Nicolas needs their exact coordinates to he can try as well. He tried last year but didn't see any.
Dialogue: James: could i borrow 100 bucks?
Kathleen: what for?!?!?!?!?!
James: i lost a bet and i need to pay up today
Kathleen: you shouldn't be betting, much less if you don't have money! 
Kathleen: i'm sorry but i don't want to be a part of this
Summary: James wants to borrow 100 dollars from Kathleen. She refused to do that.
Dialogue: Brian: have you seen Ray today?
Anastasia: not me. he was not at the uni today
Tim: I saw his yesterday. he looked no good. why?
Brian: nix. just tried to reach him. hes out all day
Anastasia: might be sick in bed
Brian: yeah, i guess you're right
Summary: Ray wasn't at the uni today, Anastasia thinks he might be sick in bed. 
Dialogue: Yohannes: What's up everyone
Jake: Nothing much 
Jackie: Going home, Im tired after classes 
Yohannes: I see 😐😐
Yohannes: I am hungry, dunno what to eat\
Jake: Wanna head off to Alexander's 
Yohannes: Not a bad idea 
Jake: I will stop by your room in a bit
Yohannes: K 
Summary: Jackie is going home. Yohannes is hungry. Jake offered Yohannes and Jackie going to Alexander's. Jake will meet Yohannes in a bit.
Dialogue: Love: The party was awesome!
Jesus: Oh yes 
Armstrong: What did I miss?
Jesus: So much!! 
Summary: Love and Jesus were at the awesome party. Armstrong missed it.
Dialogue: Anthony: Hello my dear Helen! After all these happy-new-year greeting it's time for a recap. Here is a bit of a pictorial review of my year (well holidays really) - interested?
Angela: Great to hear from you again and so soon. Sure I'm interested.
Anthony: Starting with kayaking in May, including Hetty, Ken, Joss (Hetty’s son) and Sarah on the team-sheet.
Anthony: 5 day’s kayaking, where we paddled from the North Sea to the Atlantic Ocean, along the Caledonian Canal in Scotland. It is mainly Loch Ness and three smaller lochs, joined up by canal sections, and is about 65 miles long.
Angela: Ant the weather? Scottish?
Anthony: It was the most perfect weather ever (we have had that sort of a summer).
Anthony: <file_photo> and the most stunning countryside.
Anthony: <file_photo> The head of Loch Ness where we wild-camped in an idyllic bluebell glade. Yes this really is Scotland!
Anthony: <file_photo> Me being inert on Loch Lochy.
Anthony: <file_photo> And with Joss and Sarah.
Angela: Wait a sec!
Angela: I don't understand kayaking in these flimsy objects.
Anthony: They aren't flimsy having polyethylene hulls.
Anthony: And some photos from our sailing trip in The Hebrides:
Anthony: <file_photo>
Anthony: So my sailing trip was back to the Hebrides, but this time to the northern part. Again the weather and scenery were perfect.
Angela: Can't believe it! Looks absolutely stunning.
Anthony: In August I spent 23 days along the Silk Road, from Kyrgyzstan, into western China, then Takikistan and Uzbekistan:
Anthony: <file_photo>
Anthony: <file_photo> One night I woke up in my Yurt, to find this kitten snuggling up to me.
Angela: Looks as if you were about to take it along with you.
Angela: Did you sleep in yurts?!
Anthony: A marvellous trip through some amazing cities, and spectacular mountain scenery in hotels, guest houses, “home stays”, and camping in Yurts.
Anthony: <file_photo> And finally over Christmas in Morocco with Sarah and Zof.
Angela: Zof again? I wish you did!
Anthony: With Zof and her boyfriend plus Denis I had a week cycling on the Sahara side of the High Atlas mountains in Morocco. The cycling was a bit boring, but we went to some great places and had a great trip.
Angela: Very impressive. Thanks for sharing!!!
Summary: Last year Anthony did a lot of travelling all around the world. He did kayaking, camping, sailing and cycling.
Dialogue: Kate: Mark, who is this Samantha texting you ?
Mark: Which Samantha. I know many of them
Kate: The one who wrote "You are the sunshine of my life" or "I can't wait to see you again" !
Mark: Sounds like song lyrics, no ?
Kate: Don't play stupid with me. Mark, you're cheating on me!
Mark: Kate, it was just a joke, it is only a colleague
Kate: And you're making love with your colleage ?
Mark: It was only once
Kate: John, I want to divorce
Summary: Kate wants to know what Samantha is texting Mark and sending him phrases like "You are the sunshine of my life" or "I can't wait to see you again". Samantha is just a colleague. Mark made love with her once. Kate wants a divorce. 
Dialogue: Maria: I wonder if I can substitute the buttermilk with almond milk! 
Maria: I am lactose intolerant!!
Joanne: buttermilk is usually used as a substitute for regular milk for lactose intolerance.
Maria: It is still made with milk though!
Maria: It should have lactose in it then!
Maria:  I am not touching milk products!!
Susan: Try one of the fermented milks but buttermilk should not bother you.
Summary: Maria is intolerant to lactose but she can safely use buttermilk or fermented milks.
Dialogue: Sue: Hey Rose, remember Melanie?
Rose: The one who's married to Peter?
Sue: Yeah. Remember a few years ago I told you she had a tumour? Well the cancer came back with a vengeance.
Rose: Oh, really? :(
Sue: I went to see her last Thursday. She's at a hospice now. She can't move, talk, see. 
Rose: Wow, that's horrible. Can she communicate at all?
Sue: She nods a little and makes a barely audible sound, so I think she understands when we talk to her. When I left that place I just broke down and cried. It's so awful.
Rose: Oh, man. Is there any chance of recovery? What do the doctors say?
Sue: I'm not sure, really. We're all hoping for a miracle. Just last summer I was able to communicate normally with her. It's unbelievable how tragic it is.
Rose: Doesn't she have like 3 kids?
Sue: Yeah, the oldest is 11.
Rose: Wow, that must be so tough on the family.
Sue: Yeah, Melanie's mother can't handle it, she doesn't visit her because she can't stand to see her in this state.
Rose: When are you planning on going to visit her next?
Sue: I will go this Friday.
Rose: Ok, I would like to go with you.
Sue: That would be nice. I'll call you Thurs and we can work out the details. Talk to later.
Rose: Ok, have a good night.
Summary: Melanie has cancer. She's in a hospice. She cannot talk but understands what is being said. She has 3 kids, the oldest is 11. Sue went to see her last Thursday. Next Friday Sue and Rose will go to visit Melanie together. 
Dialogue: Charlie: guys I had this idea of bookcrossing at the office so feel free to bring any book you want to get rid of
Odo: cool I have some I'd like to give away :)
Rebecca: so nice of you!
Stan: cool I think I'll find sth
Salvador: k
Summary: Charlie is organising a book exchange at the office.
Dialogue: Amanda: Today is Black Friday!! 
Rose: And?
Amanda: I'm just checking the crazy deals at Amazon!!
Rose: Capitalistic bullshit.
Mary: I'm not getting anything either.
Amanda: Are you serious? You can get stuff so much cheaper.
Rose: Stuff made by little undernourished Chinese hands?
Rose: No, thank you.
Amanda: And all the clothes that you wear? Don't be a hypocrite!
Rose: I stopped buying them. 
Rose: I'm not supporting modern day slavery!
Mary: I don't think these Black Friday deals are so awesome anyways.
Mary: I don't have time for this nonsense. 
Mary: Browsing the Internet all day, nah.... not for me... 
Summary: Amanda is excited about Black Friday deals and is browsing Amazon. Rose and Mary have reservations.
Dialogue: Shelly: Bt I don't have a story to tell. 
Ricky: Sure u do!
Tom: Yeah! There must have been a near-death experience in ur life ;)
Shelly: I don't wanna talk about it. 
Ricky: All right. We'll stop making fun of u. Will that help?
Tom: Promise.
Shelly: Fine. It was just b4 Xmas. 
Ricky: So a snow storm?
Shelly: Guessed it. I was doing some Xmas shopping. Presents and stuff. 
Tom: Last yr?
Shelly: No, 3 or 4 yrs back. And everything was fine until I came out of the shop. It was snowing so heavily I couldn't see a thing. Suddenly I felt someone pull my bag.
Ricky: Geez! The ppl!
Tom: I know!
Shelly: Turned out I caught on something and everything fell out of my bag. Snow falling, a real blizzard. Started picking up things, but lost some of them. And someone trod on my presents.
Ricky: Did u at least manage to get a taxi home?
Shelly: Not a chance. Went by subway. The only thing that wasn't impacted by the storm.
Tom: But u managed to find everything and didn't lose a thing?
Shelly: Fortunately, yes.
Summary: Shelly experienced a heavy snow storm just before Christmas, 3 or 4 years ago. Someone pulled her bag, walked over her presents and she started picking things up. She went home by the subway and fortunately didn't lose anything.
Dialogue: Silvia: hi, are we seeing each other tomorrow?
Lawrence: no, on thursday
Silvia: kk
Lawrence: what was my homework once again?
Silvia: gimme a minute
Silvia: just checked
Silvia: i wanted you to summarize the article about high-tech solutions
Lawrence: yeah, how long should it be?
Silvia: i'm pretty sure you wrote it down, find your notes from our last class
Lawrence: got it
Silvia: on thursday we'll focus on innovations and the future of technology
Silvia: it'd be good if you prepared some vocab to this topic
Lawrence: will do, boss
Silvia: good
Silvia: what time do you want to meet?
Lawrence: 4:30?
Silvia: I can come at 5
Lawrence: it's fine
Lawrence: 5 it is
Silvia: see you on thursday
Lawrence: have a nice evening
Silvia: you too
Summary: Lawrence's homework was to summarise the article about high-tech solutions.  He is meeting Silvia on Thursday at 5 pm and will focus on innovations and the future of technology. He should prepare some vocabulary to this topic.
Dialogue: Dorris: bremember to always pray and take care dear
Mendy: okay mum
Dorris: love you❤❤
Mendy: Love you too
Summary: Dorris wants his daughter Mendy to always pray and take care. 
Dialogue: Ralph: You still here someplace?
Mary: Bathroom!
Ralph: Oh! TMI!
Mary: Out in a sec…
Ralph: Take your time...
Summary: Ralp's looking for Mary, she's in the bathroom.
Dialogue: Cory: Here's a link to a language school near you <file_other>. Check if they have German.
Emily: Thanks! Will do!
Jem: <file_other> and here's another one! It's a bit further away, but has great reviews.
Emily: Thank you. Will check them out!
Cory: Good luck!
Jem: Maybe next time we'll be speaking German ;)
Summary: Cory and Jem send Emily links to some language schools near her. Emily wants to learn German.
Dialogue: Amy: Did you know that Ryanair changed their bag policy?
Lisa: I know, last time I flew I took only a little backpack with me
Lisa: If you add a bag both ways it's not that cheap anymore
Amy: And you managed to pack in a little backpack...
Lisa: I'm a skilled traveller ;-)
Amy: You need to teach me how to do it
Lisa: Travelling will teach you. But I can give you a few tips
Summary: Ryanair changed their bag policy. Adding a bag both ways is expensive. Lisa will show Amy how to pack efficiently.
Dialogue: Luke: What is the best time to visit Mine?
Molly: I think early autumn to see all the colours
Luke: colours?
Molly: yes, there are very few conifers in New England
Molly: so in autumn you have this amazing brilliance of colours, from red to yellow and everything between
Luke: sounds nice!
Molly: <file_photo>
Luke: wow, very beautiful
Molly: yes, go there in late September
Summary: The best time to visit Mine is early autumn, when the trees are full of colours.
Dialogue: Simon: I thought of the same thing...
Simon: People who want a kid for a day...& and parents who want a day off...
Danie: <file_gif>
Simon: But 'Rent a Kid' can be misconstrued... 😱Best leave it there!🙈🙊
Simon: <file_gif>
Danie: Yeah... and I'm pretty sure most parents are funny about lending their kids out to strangers...
Simon: Though I still suggest it to Becky when one of them kicks off... 
Simon: I get the angry face and the idea gets shelved for the next tantrum. 
Simon: Now in worried, if the tantrum is really bad and Bex says yes... what to do!?! ...lol
Danie: call me 😜
Simon: I will 😊
Summary: Sometimes Simon gets tired with parenting and jokes about letting someone rent his children for a day. Danie offers to do it.
Dialogue: Tatiana: Gabey, could you send me that picture from New York again?
Gabe: Ok, give me a minute
Tatiana: Ok
Gabe: <file_photo>
Tatiana: Wow! Thanks
Gabe: You're more than welcome
Summary: Gabe has re-sent a photo from New York to Tatiana.
Dialogue: Martha: I bought a cow
Penelope: WHat?
Lola: Why?
Lola: Where are you going to keep it???
Martha: In my garden
Martha: I will have fresh milk every day
Martha: And I will make cheese
Lola: Do you even know how to milk a cow?
Martha: What's so difficult about it?
Martha: I've already picked up a name
Martha: Mathilda 
Martha: It's a good name for a cow
Lola: Do you know that cows shit a lot?
Summary: Martha bought a cow. She named it Mathilda.
Dialogue: Magda: Hey, any ideas for Jo's birthday next week?
Mary: She is tough. you know teenagers, every month something new is cool...
Magda: I know, that's why I'm asking you. 
Mary: no clothes, t's better to give her money and let her choose for herself. Jewlery too. 
Magda: a book?
Mary: come on, when did you see her reading a book?
Magda: yyy, never?
Mary: exactly, I was thinking about do-it-yourself t-shirts.
Magda: you mean some fabric paints and a selection of blank t-shirts?
Mary: precisely. would tickle hest artistic soul and make clothes unique. fits with changing styles every month. 
Magda: great idea, dibbs!
Summary: Mary advised Magda to get do-it-yourself t-shirts for Jo's birthday.
Dialogue: Omarosa: Actually I am so glad
Omarosa: We don't have that much work to do this week
Lindsey: I agree
Lindsey: In February tho...
Omarosa: Oh no don't talk about feb 
Lindsey: xd
Lindsey: I wouldn't get too relaxed for now 
Summary: Omarosa and Lindsey don't have too much work this week, but February will be busy for them. 
Dialogue: Freya: i need advice girls
Amelia: What is it?
Olivia: Yeah?
Freya: <file_photo>
Freya: or
Freya: <file_photo>
Amelia: :D the black one!
Olivia: definitely the red one
Freya: thanks -.-
Amelia: at your service!
Olivia: you're welcome :D
Summary: Amelia votes for the black one, whereas Olivia - for the red one.
Dialogue: Clark: hi there
Matt: hi
Clark: have you seen new Thor?
Matt: of course
Matt: it's great
Clark: i think it's the best one
Matt: yeah, only fights without this stupid woman
Clark: but it was nice to look at Natalie Portman
Matt: ofc but the story was too sweet because of her
Clark: yeah, Hela wasnt so cute
Matt: hahaha not at all
Clark: i liked this sarcastic humour
Matt: yeah i was funny
Clark: this part with 'get help' xd
Clark: honestly, this was the funniest Thor movie
Matt: do you know if they plan next one?
Clark: haven't checked
Matt: so i will
Clark: let me know if you find any info
Summary: Clark and Matt are sharing their opinion about the Thor movie.
Dialogue: Chanel: Be prepared!
Kimi: thank god i have a pedi tomorrow.. :P
Jen: sweet lord!!! im already scared haha
Chris: (Y)
Dan: i would to, last time she spent 4 h in the salon
Chris: girls... i will never understand them
Jen: guys its just pedicure, you should try it sometime, its unisex ;)
Summary: Kimi is having her pedicure done tomorrow. Dan and Chris do not understand the need to take care of nails.
