Dialogue: Chris: Mate, I need to buy a new phone? 
Paul: u looking 4 anything special?
Chris: no, the old is just too old
Paul: ok, i'll find sth 4 ya
Chris: god bless you mate
Paul: no worries
Summary: Chris' phone is too old and he needs a new one. Paul will find a phone for Chris. 
Dialogue: Warren: De Rossi was really good today...
Mattia: Well, Zuccarini needs to get in shape, he's our top midfielder, but lately he's too slow.
Hank: What about Baldarelli? Maybe he'd be the one to lead the team?
Warren: IDK... Last few matches he wasn't so brilliant...
Summary: Warren, Mattia and Hank comment on the game and players De Rossi, Zuccarini and Baldarelli.
Dialogue: Lib: Thank you for the flowers,  they are amazing!
Liz: You are welcome! 
Lib: So good to see you at the weekend we should stay in touch
Liz: Yes, definitely
Lib: and let's hope that next time we meet, it will be a happier occasion
Liz: Yes I am sure it will be!
Lib:  Let me know next time you are coming to London
Liz: Yes I will
Lib: Thank you for the photo too, it means a lot to me
Liz: You are welcome. My dad used to keep it in his study, but when he died I wanted to give it back to your mum.
Lib: She would have loved it!
Liz: I still can't believe she's not here...
Lib: I know, it's terrible isn't it.
Liz: Yes I miss her so much
Lib: Me too!
Liz: She was a great person. I will stay in touch and try to meet up next time I am in London.
Lib: Thank you for everything
Summary: Lib came to London. She brought a meaningful photo with her that was in her father's possession before he passed away. She wants to keep in touch with Liz after her departure.
Dialogue: Carol: Are you leaving?
Emily: I need 10 minutes
George: She needs 30 min at least, I know
Carol: LOL, I'll be outside
Summary: Emily needs some time before she's ready to leave. Carol will be outside. 
Dialogue: Kate: Girls! Ready for the adventure?
Ann: Hahah
Agnes: :)
Kate: Ann, can you bring a spare blanket?
Ann: Sure
Agnes: And what about food?
Kate: You can bring something to make breakfast, e.g. sausages, bread, veggies
Kate: Ann will have some soup or something else for lunch and I will have the stuff for the barbecue
Agnes: Ok, thanks
Agnes: What time do we meet up there?
Kate: 11?
Ann: I will be there after 11
Kate: OK
Ann: let's say between 11 and 12
Agnes: ok :)
Kate: ok
Summary: Kate, Ann and Agnes are planning an adventure together. Ann will bring a spare blanket and is responsible for lunch, Kate will have things for the barbecue, and Agnes will bring food necessary to prepare breakfast. They're going to meet between 11 and 12.
Dialogue: Sylvester: Have you seen 'Cast Away'?
Jean: Tom Hanks on a desert island?
Sylvester: right!
Jean: sure. Great film
Arnold: unbelievable story
Arnold: I cant even imagine something like that
Sylvester: Tom Hanks rocks in this role!
Jean: yeah, respect!
Jean: he lost about 20 kg and worked out hard
Jean: I read 
Sylvester: he's brilliant really
Sylvester: Philadelphia almost brought tears to my eyes
Arnold: I like him too
Arnold: and he likes Polish Fiat 126p!
Sylvester: :D
Arnold: he got one as a present
Jean: crazy idea
Jean: but cool
Sylvester: I remember when it was on the news
Sylvester: that woman who organized the whole thing
Sylvester: she's crazy
Arnold: :D
Summary: Tom Hanks performed brilliantly both in "Cast Away" and "Philadelphia". They admire Tom Hanks.
Dialogue: Stef: Hello Sir, i'd like an appointment next week if possible. Except monday afternoon. Regards Stef D
Dr K: monday the 15th at 11pm ? or 12 pm?
Stef: 11pm. Thanks a lot. Stef D
Dr K: Ok . Dr K.
Summary: Stef arranged an appointment with Dr K for Monday the 15th at 11pm.
Dialogue: Greg: Hi Hunny, I'm running late. 
Greg: I'm just on my way out of the office.
Isabel: Hey, OK, drive safe, I can barely see anything through the window.
Greg: Yeah, it's snowing like crazy.
Greg: And freezing rain is yet to come.
Isabel: Apparently the snowstorm is going to last throughout the entire night.
Greg: The snowplows just started driving around.
Greg: There's going 2 be traffic on the highway.
Isabel: I'll ask Sam to help me & we'll shovel a bit before u arrive.
Greg: Thanks!
Summary: Greg is running late and it's snowing. Isabel will ask Sam to help her shovel before Greg gets home. 
Dialogue: Jammy: Hans slipped in the bathroom and broke his left arm. Yesterday. Already in plaster.
Edward: Oh no! Is it at home?
Jammy: Yes. On pain killers. Asleep now. Call u later.
Edward: Do so!
Summary: Hans slipped and broke his left arm. He got some pain killers and is asleep at home.
Dialogue: Derek: Are you guys up for LOL later tonight?
Carl: oh yeah, why not. Haven't played it in ages.
Walter: Sure. What time?
Derek: I have a couple errands to run, but I'm free at 9 PM
Carl: <file_gif>
Walter: If we make it 9:30, I'm in.
Derek: fine by me
Walter: cool. You guys have any specific wishes regarding the characters? So that we don't overlap.
Carl: I like playing as supp, was thinking of taking Braum or Poppy this time - Soraka if you guys want a healer.
Walter: Poppy's more of a tank
Carl: depends on the build. What about you?
Derek: I was thinking an adc - Ashe, Sivir, Miss Fortune if the former are taken.
Walter: I can jungle and I enjoy Nocturne lately
Carl: ou, an assassin. Last time we played you were more of a mage guy
Walter: well that changed. I felt like I was always playing as mage, wanted to try something new.
Derek: great, so we have the core of the team. So - Discord 9:30?
Walter: that's right
Carl: see you then
Summary: Derek, Carl and Walter are going to play LOL tonight at 9:30. Carl wants to play as a support. Derek wants to play an ADC character. Walter used to play mage characters, but he wants to try something different this time. 
Dialogue: James: hows the weather by the way its blumin freezing right now
Mia: It's snowing on my side :D How are the dogs? 🙂
James: lucky well im missing the ends of one of my shoe laces, but generally theyre great absolute nut cases but its fun
Mia: When you start gushing about them, the you'll know that they're truly part of the family :P
James: your elcome to come see them any time, and now its time to go for a walk and freeze
Mia: (whilst singing "Walking in a Winter Wonderland")
James: Hahaha!! <file_photo>
Summary: James's dogs are well. Mia is allowed to see them any time.
Dialogue: Noe: hey girl, is everything good with you?
Laila: hii! Yes I am great! What about you? 
Noe: good good! So how is your new job? Apartment? Life! Tell me EVERYTHING! 👀
Laila: oh I freaking love it here in Amsterdam! It is less stressful than Paris, but you still have a lot of career opportunities with all the big brands being based here...
Noe: that sounds great, are you satisfied with your new job?
Laila: humm … I am still discovering all its aspects, and getting to know my boss better (hope she doesn’t turn out a bitch like the last one) 😂… but so far so good with the colleagues.
Laila: and we have people from all over the world!
Noe: hahah you cracked me up! She was a real bitch though! Thank God I left at the same time as you, otherwise I would have gone crazy.
Laila: tell me me about it!  😷
Noe: and how is yoru roommate? do you get along?
Laila: yes, perfectly! I am so lucky this time thank God. She is German, I also get to practice it with her 😊
Laila: when are you coming to visit though?
Noe: soon! soon! I am just waiting for my contact to be signed, then I can make travel plans.
Laila: ok, let me know ❤️
Summary: Laila loves Amsterdam as it is less stressful than Paris. She is still learning about her new job and getting to know her boss. She hopes she will be better than the previous one, who was "a real bitch" in Noe's opinion. Laila also likes her German roommate. Noe will visit her soon.
Dialogue: Marcus: hey
Marcus: did you get there?
Marcus: halo
Marcus: hallooooo??
Marcus: :/
Kristen: sorry
Kristen: yeah im here
Marcus: phew
Summary: Kristen reassures Marcus she has arrived there.
Dialogue: Keiran: Hi hun can you do me a few pieces this week?
Rachel: Hiya, yes what do you need?
Keiran: I need 3 for instant credit catalogues and 3 for the mobile phones
Rachel: ok 550 words each?
Keiran: yes for the phones but 750 for the catalogues
Rachel: ok no problem whats the deadline?
Keiran: Friday ok?
Rachel: yes that will be workable
Keiran: I will have a big job next week, its a bit more exciting for you
Rachel: sounds interesting what is it?
Keiran: we have a new client who is doing a website for swim spas
Rachel: Swim Spas? like Jacuzzi?
Keiran: yes but you can swim in them 
Keiran: <file_photo>
Rachel: nice, let me know then.. I will get on with these now 
Keiran: perfect thanks darlin x
Summary: Rachel will do 3 pieces on the phones- 550 words each and 3 on the catalogues- 750 words each till Friday.  Keiran has an exciting job for Rachel next week. Keiran has a new client doing a website for swim spas.  
Dialogue: Mindy: <file_other>
Adam: what's that?
Mindy: just watch
Adam: sweet
Adam: those r parrots?
Mindy: yep
Adam: <file_gif>
Summary: Adam is sending Mindy a file with parrots. 
Dialogue: Simon: Good evening!
Simon: I have seen your interest in out vine degustaion last month. We are happy to invite you for the second edition next week. 
Simon: For details, please see the event below. 
Simon: <file_other>
Simon: If you have any questions, feel free to contact me. 
Ben: Good evening. Thank you, I'll see. 
Summary: Ben will think about going to vine detestation next week.
Dialogue: Peter: Are you there?
Liz: Yes
Peter: How's the day?
Liz: Good... boring :/
Peter: I'm home already
Liz: So soon??
Peter: It's Friday :)
Liz: I know... I can't leave before 5pm :/ 
Liz: Fat Hill is watching...
Peter: looking busy? :)
Liz: Always...
Peter: What do you want to do?
Liz: When?
Peter: Tonight
Liz: No idea... Nothing. Netflix + doing nothing...
Peter: Are you sure?
Liz: Do you want to go out?
Peter: Would be nice, the weather is fantastic
Liz: Okay, I'll get home and we will see... Im a bit tired
Peter: Ok. But netflix and you and wine sounds great too :)
Liz: in that order... :) I'll buy a bottle of wine on my way home
Peter: I've just bought two bottles of primitivo :) :) one for tomorrow.
Liz: I love you... ;)
Peter: oh... we're staying home tonight :D
Liz: I'll be home before 6. bye :*
Peter: see you home :*
Summary: Liz can't leave before 5 pm as Fat Hill is watching so will be home before 6. Liz isn't sure if she wants to go out. Liz and Peter will probably stay in watching Netflix. Peter has bought a bottle a of primitivo for tomorrow.
Dialogue: Mark: And how's fifa 18 wc???
Greg: Awesome
Greg: Playing yesterday for 6hrs
Tom: I agree, good stuff
Mark: 6 h, omg, pretty long
Greg: Ellen went to her mother, so... :D
Mark: Hahahah, I know what you mean :P
Summary: Greg played fifa 18 wc for 6 hours and he finds the game awesome. Tom also recommends fifa 18 wc to Mark.
Dialogue: Greg: It's still the commercials.
Dean: almost there
Greg: trailers
Kerry: 5 minutes
Greg: The movie's about to start...
Dean: 30s and we're there
Summary: Dean and Kerry were almost late for the movie.
Dialogue: Jack: Hey, are you able to contact with Jacob? I've been waiting at the airport for over 30 mins and his internet is off....
Isla: Hey. No I’m in France so I can’t call him on his cell
Jack: He said he would be at 6:30
Isla: Ok. I guess he’s just late don’t worry
Jack: But he didn't tell me anything..
Isla: Well that’s typical Jacob
Jack: Eh. I was already looking for a hotel lol
Isla: Lol noo he would never do that
Jack: No idea 😂
Isla: So he answered ?
Jack: Yeah...He is 1h late
Isla: Lol that’s my cousin. Once he kept me waiting for 5 hours
Jack: I would definitely kill him hahhaha
Summary: Jack is unable to reach Jacob, who was supposed to pick him up at the airport. Isla is also unable to contact him as she's in France. Jacob finally contacts Jack. Jacob is an hour late.
Dialogue: Emma: How much for the red skirt?
Aubrey: 30 dollars
Emma: I'll give you 20 for it
Aubrey: The original price is 140, sorry, no way
Emma: 25?
Aubrey: Non-negotiable
Emma: Okay do you offer free shipment?
Aubrey: Yes
Emma: 30 is fine then!
Summary: Emma has bought the red skirt from Aubrey for 30 dollars.
Dialogue: Ali: <file_photo>
Lucie: Nice colour ;)
Ali: Found shoes for you and Jiri
Lucie: :)
Ali: In chinese minimarket in my building
Ali: Less than €10
Lucie: So it is good reason to come to Senegal soon ;)
Ali: BRAVO
Ali :) :) :) :) :)
Ali: Jana, Stefan and girls and my daughter are coming 30 March to 12 April
Ali: Still have 2 free rooms :D
Lucie: Wow, it's so great
Ali: You better come. Before we send police to arrest you
Lucie: Hehehe
Ali: My toothpaste was not full when Caro brought it back
Ali: You stole some
Lucie: Isn't it obvious that Caro used it?!
Ali: Stealing toothpaste is a serious crime
Lucie: But I can buy you a new one if you want ;)
Ali: Caro says she knew that you will accuse her
Ali: OK buy one and deliver it in person soon
Lucie: I was afraid that you want to tell the police about my car accident ;)
Ali: Nooo are you out of your mind?
Ali: I dont care about that car its not mine
Ali: Toothpaste is mine ;)
Lucie: Heheh
Ali: Good night!
Ali: We are waiting here for you :*
Summary: Ali has invited Lucie to visit him in Senegal. Jana, Stefan with daughters and Ali's daughter are coming to stay from 30 March to 12 April. Ali tells Lucie to bring toothpaste with her. Lucie had a car accident.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Good morning
Rebecca: When you call Interflora, don't forget to give them the reference number
Rebecca: I sent you a copy of the invoice yesterday, it should be on your phone
Rebecca: The reference number is 889905, if you should need it
Oscar: Morning
Oscar: Ok
Rebecca: It would be good if they can check that the order went through successfully
Rebecca: It's a pity if the flowers don't arrive on time
Oscar: I'll check ;)
Oscar: I think everyone is meeting up at Tasha afterwards
Rebecca: Yeah I thought that's what they might do, it's a great idea :)
Rebecca: Where did you see that?
Oscar: On fb
Rebecca: I don't see it anywhere
Oscar: I didn't see who posted it, I think maybe it was Alex or Maria
Oscar: It was there :)
Rebecca: 👍
Rebecca: Let me know how it goes with Interflora
Oscar: Ok
Summary: Oscar and Rebecca are going to meet everyone at Tasha.
Dialogue: Monica: I've got it!
Josh: Tell me!
Monica: I have this ring she always wanted. I'll give it to her and see if it fits. If it's ok, I'll give you the measure.
Josh: That'd be great! 
Monica: So, when do you want to pop the question?
Josh: I was thinking that our third anniversary is coming next month, so that would be a great opportunity. 
Monica: I think so too. But you can't give anything away by that time. 
Josh: I know. And I'm asking you the same thing. So, when can you take her finger measure?
Monica: This weekend. We're meeting for coffee. 
Josh: Great! I'll have enough time to order the ring. Thanks!
Monica: No problem! Just tell me who it went :)
Josh: You have my word!
Summary: Josh wants to propose to his girlfriend next month. It's their third anniversary. Monica will get the right ring measure for him this weekend.
Dialogue: Jan: Hi all. Does anyone know the best way to get to Dyrham Park from here?
Danny: where is here?
Jan: haha that would be home. 
Danny: ooooh no idea
Jan: helpful! 🙍
Chay: You can go over the A4 and then through Bath but that will be very busy. Probably better to take the ringroad until Emersons Green and then go right on Weedsground roundabout. Follow that A36 or A35 or something until you see signs, pretty straightforward. When are you going?
Jan: I'm thinking of going on Monday?
Chay: just avoid rush hour and then it won't be very busy on the ringroad. Bath is always busy!
Victor: we went the other day, lush there! we came off the M4 but that's not very practical for you...
Jan: that's good to know though, my parent s would be coming from that way. 
Jan: thanks all!! 😙
Summary: Jan is going to Dyrham Park on Monday. Victor went there few days ago.
Dialogue: Ben: hey anne gave me your phone number
Ben: i think we got on the wrong foot
Ben: i'm sorry for being so rude at the library
Anne: that's fine…
Anne: there's worse things than cutting people in line
Ben: still it was kind of a dick move
Anne: i'not gonna lie, it was... lol
Ben: wanna go out for coffee?
Anne: sure why not?
Ben: wanna meet at the coffee shop next to the library at 4?
Anne: sounds great :-D
Summary: Ben apologises to Anne for being rude to her at the library. They will meet at the coffee shop next to the library at 4 and will have a coffee together. 
Dialogue: Darcy: want some pie?
Aileen: sure :)
Darcy: then come ;)
Aileen: ok
Summary: Darcy offers Aileen some pie, but she has to go to him to get it.
Dialogue: Leah: Thanks for making me have hydrolyte
Nia: ahah you're welcome
Leah: Omg I would be paralysed without it!!!
Nia: U poor thing!! Hangovers there days are TORTURE
Leah: You bet... How did we used to drink like that every week?!
Nia: Not so young any more... I need my beauty sleep.
Leah: Preach! And I sure wasn't sick for two days straight after
Nia: I know... Sometimes I think I haven't changed at all and then I have a hangover and I go "Yep, I'm old!"
Leah: hahah. you're not old but I get what you're saying.
Nia: Since I'm sending a package i'll check my pile of havis and see if there's your size. what size r u?
Leah: Yay!!!! I'm a 39
Nia: 39 Europe or 39 Brazil?
Leah: Europa baby!
Nia: Sent
Leah: Thank you thank you thank you!!!!
Summary: Leah and Nia used to drink every week but they can't do it any more. Nia will send Leah a package.
Dialogue: Kai: Should we meet at the railway station?
Faith: I will land about 3pm, I don't know how long it will take to arrive to the city centre 
Kai: About 1h-1,5h
Faith: Ok, so 4.30 at the railway station?
Kai: yes!
Faith: But how to arrive there? 😅
Kai: Just take the underground train at the airport, it will bring you to the main station, about 2 Euro I think
Faith: ok, sounds easy
Kai: it is
Faith: See you there!
Kai: See you!
Summary: Faith will meet Kai 4.30 at the railway station. Faith will take the underground train to get to the airport.
Dialogue: Sue: Hiya we still on for Sat nite?
Leanne: Aw we cant this weekend as tom has been shoved on call for the weekend due to people being ill! We can next friday night 4th as neither of us are working that weekend??xx
Sue: oooh I'm excited yes thats great xxx
Leanne: 👍👍
Leanne: Brill 😁xx
Leanne: xx
Leanne: its booked xxx
Sue: great xxx
Leanne: we prob won't be there til 7 depending what time tom finishes work
Sue: thats cool I have to go to the vets at 5.30
Leanne: Dont rush, we will be there 7 ish xx
Sue: I am really looking forward to seeing you both
Leanne: yes me too its been to long xx
Sue: I will get wine!
Leanne: 👍😍
Summary: Sue and Leanne arranged the meeting for friday night at 7pm.
Dialogue: Hannah: The Body Shop offers free delivery on orders over £25!!
Hannah: <file_other>
Olivia: (^o^)丿(^o^)丿
Ursula: oh nooo, why now?? i'm completely broke :<<
Summary: Ursula cannot afford the special discount from the Body Shop
Dialogue: Morrie: There's a new trailer for Luther on iPlayer <file_other>
Janelle: OMG I can't wait for this series!
Morrie: I know! Plus he's the sexiest man alive! LOL!
Janelle: Except his character isn't that sexy.
Morrie: I know, but in real life I guess he is.
Janelle: Like you would know!
Morrie: Not me! The magazine!
Janelle: LOL!
Summary: Luther is the sexiest man alive, but his character in the series isn't.
Dialogue: Cindy: can i take your bag?
Pat: no!
Cindy: oh please
Pat: no it was too expensive!
Cindy: i will not broke it
Pat: NO
Cindy: fuck you
Summary: Pat refuses to let Cindy take Pat's bag.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Wanna dish?
Caroline: Always!! :D
Dorothy: Peter told me that George wanna split up with Jane.
Caroline: For the fifth time.... -.-
Dorothy: He told me this time it's for real.
Caroline: Yeah, right :D I don't believe it for a sec
Dorothy: Well, I dunno, they seemed pretty bored with each other lately.
Caroline: you think?
Dorothy: Yeah, don't you remember Michael's party?
Caroline: what about it?
Dorothy: They spent the whole party separately and they argued before they left....
Caroline: Oh, you're right! I forgot. 
Dorothy: Peter told me Jane might have someone on the side
Caroline: no way! It's just George being paranoid as always
Dorothy: well, I heard George looked at her messenger and found some messages...
Caroline: get out!!
Dorothy: I swear :D 
Caroline: If he found some messages why didn't he break up with her immediately?
Dorothy: you know how he is. He has to be sure, not to make any mistakes...
Caroline: LOL, so what's he gonna do, hire a detective to prove it? :D
Dorothy: hahaha I wouldn't be surprised.
Caroline: Oh, I think it's time they broke up. Every trip with them equals drama
Dorothy: Yeah, it would be weird though... Them being not together
Caroline: yeah, how long has it been? 7 years?
Dorothy: Something like that.. Freaky.
Caroline: Yeah.. keep me posted!
Dorothy: will do! xoxo
Summary: Dorothy and Caroline are gossiping about George and Jane splitting up. George looked through Jane's messages. They have been together for 7 years.
Dialogue: Liam: We bought super cheap tickets to South Africa
Johnathan: great! 
Peter: how much did you pay?
Liam: 300 something
Kory: wow, that's super cheap indeed
Kory: with what airlines?
Liam: Ethiopian Airlines
Liam: they have good prices because we're flying through Addis Ababa
Summary: Liam bought Ethiopian Airlines plane tickets to South Africa. The flight goes through Addis Ababa.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi there, greetings from Sorrento... so what's life like in London these days?
Giuseppe: Hi! It's fine, but why are you writing to me in English?
Daniel: You know, I thought it would be fun. How's Matteo doing?
Giuseppe: Well, he's moving to Birmingham with his girlfriend right now
Daniel: Wow! I had no idea
Giuseppe: That he was moving or that he had a girlfriend? :D
Daniel: Both, actually
Giuseppe: How is it possible that he has a gf and I don't?
Daniel: You're too fat, that's all!
Giuseppe: Lol!
Summary: Daniel is in Sorrento and Giuseppe is in London. Giuseppe doesn't have a girlfriend and his friend Matteo has. Matteo is moving to Birmingham with her. 
Dialogue: Peter: 5 more minutes and I'm gone. 
Peter: Where the hell are you?
Lara: Wait!!!
Frederic: I'm almost there
Summary: Peter wants to leave in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Tonny: I fucking hate my job!!!
Louise: What happened?
Tonny: I just fucking hate it, Peter is a maniac he should be hospitalized!
Louise: What happened, honey?
Tonny: He dumped a giant pile of shit on me.
Louise: Meaning?
Tonny: You know this horrible project I told you about?
Louise: The one Raul is on?
Tonny: Yeah, the same. It's impossible to do and he dumped it on me.
Louise: Oh no...
Tonny: ON THE LAST MINUTE.
Louise: Poor thing, there's nothing to be done about it?
Tonny: I swear to God I'm quitting!
Louise: Don't make any rush decisions...
Tonny: ARGH I'M GONNA KILL HIM.
Louise: Just get some air, honey. ;*
Summary: Tonny hates his job and wants to quit. He was given a horrible project at the last minute.
Dialogue: Eve: Hey, you asked me to recommend some probiotics
Eve: <photo>
Eve: I use these 
Eve: or <photo>
Maya: Great, thanks a lot, Eve
Sonia: Yes, thank you
Sonia: How long do I need to take them?
Eve: about 3 months 
Eve: a real immune boost, believe me
Sonia: Ok, can you order one the cheaper one for me?
Eve: I am going to order tomorrow so you still have time to think about it
Maya: I will, thanks
Eve: I'll speak to you tomorrow :)
Summary: Eve recommneds Maya and Sonia her probiotics. They need to be taken for 3 months. Eve will be ordering them tomorrow.
Dialogue: Andrew: Hey! They just announced the next WYD location!
Kimberly: Hey, oh really? Where?
Andrew: Lisbon in 3 yrs!
Kimberly: Oh, how wonderful, I love Portugal.
Kimberly: And it will be a wonderful occasion to go to Fatima!
Andrew: I hope our parish will organize something.
Kimberly: I'm sure they will. I mean it's much closer than Panama.
Kimberly: I definitely want to go this time.
Andrew: Me too, especially since it will be easier time wise and financially.
Kimberly: I can't wait! :)
Summary: Kimberly and Andrew are planning to go to Lisbon for WYD in 3 years time. 
Dialogue: Rob: Did hear about the birds?
Bob: Birds?
Rob: So, you don't know?
Bob: Know what?
Rob: Forget it.
Summary: Bob has not heard about the birds. 
Dialogue: Magdalene: Gucci swings or custom rolls?
Natalia: jeez girl. dont confuse yourself and its only a simple occasion
Magdalene: haha, but its still an occasion
Natalia: tell you what, just war a casual jeans and a vintage pullover. youll be fine
Magdalene: haha, are you sure?
Natalia: 100%
Natalia: keep calm
Natalia: haha
Summary: Natalia suggests Magdalene that she shouldn't pay to much attention to the clothing as it's just a simple occasion.
Dialogue: Jake: Hey Janice, how is it going? When are u coming back home?
Janice: It's ok. I still need to do some reports for Donna :(
Jake: I have prepared something for u Babe :*
Janice: UR soo sweet! What is it? I'll do my best to come quick!
Jake:  <video_file>
Janice: Awwww…You've made dinner! And cleaned the kitchen!
Jake: And I did some shopping too! :D
Janice: I have the best boyfriend ever! :***
Jake: I have some really great girlfriend! But she works too much to my taste ;-)
Janice: I promise, I'll come home soon!
Summary: Jake's prepared the dinner, cleaned the kitchen and done the shopping. Janice still has to do some reports for Donna but promises to come home soon.
Dialogue: Gaby: Hey 
Brittany: hey. 
Gaby: How's it goin?
Brittany: I mean, it's going. 
Gaby: You know what I mean. 
Brittany: Well, I'm not sure that I do.
Gaby: Gah, Brit, are you still mad at me? 
Brittany: uhh, yeah, are you kidding me? It's literally been 4 days. 
Gaby: Yeah, I know, but I thought maybe we could talk about it. 
Brittany: I don't know what you want me to say. I mean I'm still pretty torn about it. I don't really feel like talking
Gaby: You know, I'm sorry. I didn't mean for you to find out like that. 
Brittany: Gee, thanks. Doesn't really make it any easier. 
Gaby: Well I thought maybe if we had talked about it before, it could have been easier. 
Brittany: you know, honestly, I feel stupid. I should have known. You guys have been doing this to me for a while. So I can't act too surprised.
Gaby: Brit, you know that's not true. Why would you think that?
Brittany: WHY WOULD I THINK THAT? Seriously, Gaby, don't play dumb. 
Gaby: I'm not playing dumb. I just honestly mean I'm sorry. I wanted to apologize. 
Brittany: but I don't want your apology. If you just messaged me to say your stupid sorry, then you said it. Can I help you with anything else
Gaby: please don't be like this. we can't do this over facebook. Can we meet to talk?
Brittany: No, I really don't want to. 
Gaby: I really think talking in person would help.
Brittany: I don't really have anything else to say. I gotta go now. Bye. 
Summary: Brittany is mad at Gaby. Gaby wants to meet up and talk about the issue but Brittany doesn't want to.
Dialogue: Tim: Should we bring anything to Birgit?
Maria: she asked us to bring booze
Andrea: no, she wrote "wine"
Maria: right, a bit of a difference
Tim: I think for Birgit it's a big difference
Tommy: should I take white or red
Maria: in winter only red
Andrea: I agree
Summary: Tim, Maria, Andrea and Tommy are going to Birgit. Tommy will take red wine with him.
Dialogue: Elias: i wish you could be a dude AND sensitive at the same time lol
Jon: lol who says you can't?
Elias: yesterday i went out to the movies with some friends
Elias: the movie was a dramedy, have you heard of that term?
Jon: yes, it's like a funny drama
Elias: exactly!!
Elias: anyway, it was good, it was really good
Elias: but then the main character dies
Jon: thanks for ruining it for me!!!!!!!!!
Jon: lol
Elias: shut up, you'll never see it anyway, you hate movies
Elias: back to the story
Elias: i couldn't help myself and i started to crey
Elias: streams of tears out of my face
Jon: HAHAHAHAHA poor baby!!!
Elias: my friends have not stopped making fun of me since yesterday
Summary: Elias was at the cinema to see a funny drama. Elias spoiled the plot for Jon. Elias cried a lot watching the film. Elias is being laughed at by his friends. 

Dialogue: Jeremy: so when's the big day?
Susan: lol
Ben: what?
Susan: someone change this conversation's name please :)
Susan: it's confusing!
Ben: hey i'm not getting married!!!
Jeremy: Ben, how about 1st of june? we're all available right? :)
Kylie: save the date guys!
Susan: Ben I want to meet your brothers!
Ben: you guys are crazy...
Kylie: don't run away this time Ben!
Susan: we'll stop you!
Ben: very funny...
Jeremy: I'll take care of the bachelor party
Kylie: ok. next saturday?
Jeremy: hey you're not invited Kylie! it's boys having fun
Susan: no offence Jeremy... but you're too old to have fun without us...
Jeremy: i'm a gentleman. i will not comment on your age Susan
Kylie: hey Susan we'll have our oarty with the bride!
Kylie: btw who is she Ben?
Jeremy: lol
Ben: thank you my dear friends, I just wanted to go to the movies on a friday night
Kylie: ok guys let's face it. we're not invited to Ben's wedding.
Susan: ;) ok let's get serious. friday night. what are we going to watch? new star wars?
Jeremy: NEW star wars? I saw it two months ago!
Susan: sorry... last thing I saw was My Little Pony - The Movie...
Jeremy: not the NEW James Bond with Pierce Brosnan? 
Susan: go away
Kylie: stop it. Friday :) 8pm :)
Ben: thanks Kylie...
Summary: Jeremy wants to go out with Ben. Susan and Kylie are going to the cinema Friday at 8 pm and Ben will join them.
Dialogue: Tim: I envy my mom's ability to quit eating sweets for longer period.
Tim: She sometimes does that to prove herself she can.
Kimberly: Haha. When you put it that way...
Kimberly: I envy your mom this ability too xD
Tim: I don't know how strong is her will
Tim: But that's one hell of a achievement
Summary: Tim's mother can give up eating sweets for a longer period. Tim and Kimberly envy this ability.
Dialogue: Tom: Where RU Christie?! We're all waiting for you in front of the cinema!
Christie: I'm on my way Tom, I got stuck in traffic, there was an accident!
Tom: Hurry up, the movie starts in a few minutes!
Christie: I'm almost there!
Summary: Tom and the other people are waiting for Christie at the cinema. Christie is almost there, stuck in traffic, due to accident. 
Dialogue: Kate: guess what?! We’re adopting a puppy! :)
Matilda: what! How come?
Kate: honestly, for real! We think we’re ready for it.
Matilda: you ready? You mean your children?
Kate: i mean both us and the children, they’re getting older and more responsible
Matilda: you realise it’s gonna be your responsibility mostly
Kate: will see. You can’t imagine how many people want to get rid of their pets! Unbelievable!!!
Matilda: that’s sad :(
Kate: it really is! :( they take a pet and get rid of it a couple of months later
Matilda: yeah, you really have to think it through. It’s a serious decision!
Kate: that’s why we waited so long. wanted to make the right decision at the right time  
Matilda: i know. So have you chosen any particular breed? 
Kate: we thinking labrador cause they’re playful and supposed to be good with children
Matilda: i see
Kate: i’ll send you some pictures as soon as we get one
Matilda: can’t wait
Summary: Kate and her family are adopting a puppy, probably a labrador.
Dialogue: Robert: Mom? Where are you? I'm home and nobody's here. 
Mom: My sweetheart, I'm on my way home but caught in a traffic jam. Absolute chaos here! Can't tell you how long it will take.
Robert: And where's dad?
Mom: He should be home any moment really. He would phone if anything kept him.
Robert: I'm hungry.
Mom: Darling, wait till dad comes. He'll fix you something to eat before I come. There's now so much commotion and police here, and ambulances, and recovery vehicles. It'll be over soon.
Robert: Mom? Can I go over to the Woodies? Sure Helen is already serving dinner.
Mom: No, darling, please don't. Dad is on his way and we're starting to move too. I won't be long.
Robert: But I'm hungry.
Mom: Oh Robert! Please stop being childish! Eat an apple. Or drink some juice. I think we are moving.
Robert: Where are you exactly? How long before you're home?
Mom: Can't write now. Here's my location. <file_gps>
Robert: But it's still miles away!
Robert: Mom?
Mom: Trafic lights on Carrington Xing.
Summary: Mom and Dad are not home to prepare food for Robert. Robert is hungry but he cannot go to the Woodies for dinner. Mom will be home shortly.
Dialogue: Walter: Good morning, my little Puss! Just arrived home and wanted to say thank you for a lovely weekend!
Walter: <3 <3 <3
Wendy: Morning Bear! yeah, it was good...
Walter: to say the least
Wendy: and too short
Walter: weekends should be 5 days long
Wendy: and then 2 days off
Walter: before going on holiday
Wendy: of 2 months
Walter: every half a year
Wendy: provided the other half is free
Walter: and fully paid for
Wendy: plus a holiday premium
Walter: and reimbursement of travel expenses
Wendy: not to mention a decent pension plan
Walter: starting at 40
Wendy: and full medical cover
Walter: for private patients
Wendy: and all their family members
Walter: with household pets
Wendy: giving up
Walter: but you've won anyway
Wendy: <3
Summary: Walter and Wendy spent a weekend together. They had a lot of fun.
Dialogue: Matt: I'll be there at 8:15pm or so.
Matt: Waiting for you in the lobby.
Jane: Cool. I'll come down.
Jane: Let me know when you do get here.
Matt: BTW any idea where we're going out to eat tonight?
Jane: Nope. I asked the guys at reception but they reckon it is all dead expensive around here.
Jane: Thought you might have some ideas. ;-)
Matt: I was thinking of just going for a walk and see what we find.
Jane: Kinda lovely idea but it's like minus 5 out there.
Jane: Think we'll turn into icicles before we find dinner. LOL
Matt: Fair point!
Matt: I'll see what uncle Google has to say about eateries around here.
Jane: :-)
Summary: Matt will be waiting for Jane in the lobby tonight at 8:15 p.m. or so. According to the hotel staff, the nearby restaurants are expensive, and it's cold outside, so Matt will use Google to look for a place to eat.
Dialogue: Patricia: Are you still at home?
Susan: leaving now
Patricia: could get me a tampon?
Susan: no problem
Summary: Patricia will bring Susan a tampon.
Dialogue: Ivy: Why are you angry with me?
Ivy: Today at school you didn’t say hi
Ivy: You didn’t even talk to me
James: I think you know why I’m angry
Ivy: Is it because of Tracy?
Ivy: Come on it was a joke!
James: Don’t you ever dare to talk to her like that
Summary: James is angry at Ivy for the way she talked to Tracy.
Dialogue: Charlotte: Anybody wants to help me to move some stuff from my apartment tonight?
Frederic: I can help you with a car
Charlotte: Thanks!!!! 😍
Emanuel: I'll join you too
Charlotte: you're both amazing. Let's meet at 8pm
Summary: Charlotte is moving from her apartment. Frederic and Emanuel offer her some help. They will meet at 8PM.
Dialogue: Judith: Let's take the kids to Disneyland.
Carter: Honey, I'm a little busy at the moment. Going to a meeting, talk later ok?
Judith: Oh sorry sorry, ok ok.
Summary: Judith wants to take the kids to Disneyland, but Carter is busy going to a meeting.
Dialogue: Sophie: cooking session on tuesday
Alice: i'll be there.
Sophie: oops sorry, this tuesday it's serving class
Alice: don't worry, whenever there is a practical session i'm here. I should be at school
Sophie: it's gonna be great to see you again
Alice: ok. let me see
Sophie: Tuesday is definitely the best day of the week
Alice: you say so...
Sophie: i really missed you, you know!
Alice: I'll be happy to see you again, but may be i'll sleep during the serving class
Sophie: that's impossible!
Alice: i'm very good at it
Sophie: you're my sunshine
Alice: you too
Summary: Sophie is giving a service class on Tuesday. Alice will be there.
Dialogue: Christine: Basia
Christine: Did you wake up? 
Basia: Yeah
Basia: I'm waiting for my uber to come
Christine: Phew:D
Basia: :D
Basia: No worries
Basia: You can go back to sleep
Basia: I know you're tired
Christine: Yeah, I think I will. Have a safe trip!
Summary: Christine is going back to sleep.
Dialogue: Silvia: hi, are we seeing each other tomorrow?
Lawrence: no, on thursday
Silvia: kk
Lawrence: what was my homework once again?
Silvia: gimme a minute
Silvia: just checked
Silvia: i wanted you to summarize the article about high-tech solutions
Lawrence: yeah, how long should it be?
Silvia: i'm pretty sure you wrote it down, find your notes from our last class
Lawrence: got it
Silvia: on thursday we'll focus on innovations and the future of technology
Silvia: it'd be good if you prepared some vocab to this topic
Lawrence: will do, boss
Silvia: good
Silvia: what time do you want to meet?
Lawrence: 4:30?
Silvia: I can come at 5
Lawrence: it's fine
Lawrence: 5 it is
Silvia: see you on thursday
Lawrence: have a nice evening
Silvia: you too
Summary: Lawrence's homework was to summarise the article about high-tech solutions.  He is meeting Silvia on Thursday at 5 pm and will focus on innovations and the future of technology. He should prepare some vocabulary to this topic.
Dialogue: Evan: <file_other>
Alice: omg this is so funny!
Evan: I know :D
Alice: you should be studying you idiot!
Alice: the exam is tomorrow! :P
Summary: Evan is sending Alice some funny files even though he should be studying for the exam tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Emma: Hey Will! you coming to my engagement ceremony or not??
Will: Obviously sister. How can i miss this ceremony
Emma: Thank you brother. I love you
Will: I love you too
Summary: Will is going to come to Emma's engagement ceremony.
Dialogue: Jane: Hi Mark, I woke up 2 the beautiful present :)
Jane: Thank u!
Mark: I hope the earrings will suit you!
Jane: They're absolutely gorgeous! They match my red dress.
Mark: Luv u to the moon & back!
Jane: Luv u more <3
Summary: Mark gave Jane a pair of earrings as a gift. 
Dialogue: Leo: I got a message from the university
Leo: They know I play guitar and that we have a band
Leo: They're askin if we want to play during some event that the univ is organizing next month. Some guest from abroad are expected
Dylan: How much r they payin?
Leo: 300 bucks to share
Theo: For how long we'll have to play?
Leo: About an hour, they said that no more than that
Riley: 300 bucks divided by 4 people makes... 75 for each of us
Riley: Deal, some extra money would be nice
Leo: Fine, I could be in too
Leo: Dylan? Theo?
Theo: Actually... What the hell, it's only an hour and the money's quite good
Theo: And maybe some nice chicks will come around :-)
Leo: You never know haha
Dylan: So I feel I've got no choice
Dylan: I'm with you guys, let the world admire us :-)
Leo: That's the spirit!
Leo: I'll let the univ know we agree, see you guys! :)
Summary: Leo, Dylan, Theo and Riley will play at the university during some event next month, and they'll be paid 300 bucks to share. 
Dialogue: Jack: I'm going swimming tomorrow at 4 p.m
Jack: Anyone wanna join??
Jacob: I want, but I can a bit later,
Jack: When??
Jacob: around 5 p.m, I guess
Lucas: I have things to do
Summary: Jack is going swimming tomorrow at 4 p.m. Jacob can go around 5 p.m. Lucas is busy.
Dialogue: Julia: i'm going to cut my hair
Tommy: are you fucking kidding me?!
Julia: i was thinking about it for very long time
Tommy: i love your hair!
Tommy: why are you doing it to me?!
Julia: oh come on
Julia: i'm more than my hair
Julia: it's not the eason to hate me
Tommy: ofc not, but i love playing with your hair
Tommy: i love watching them on the wind
Julia: but i hate brushing them
Julia: it takes hours
Julia: the same with washing
Julia: how long do you wash your hair?
Tommy: 5 minutes?
Julia: see! i need one hour!
Julia: i'm cutting them tomorrow
Summary: Julia is cutting her hair tomorrow. Tommy is unhappy, he loves her hair.
Dialogue: Laura: that fucker cheated on me
Bridget: no!!!
Laura: With that blond from his work
Bridget: The one that spilled wine on his shirt during the office xmas party?
Laura: yes, that bitch
Bridget: OMG how did you find out????
Laura: She told me. She said that it's better that I know
Bridget: It is better that you know. but are they a thing right now?
Laura: No she said she is sorry and she regrets it but she thinks that I should know what kind of a man I am about to marry
Bridget: wow, I though it only happened in movies
Laura: bitches with conscience?
Bridget: yep
Laura: I guess the wedding's off.
Bridget: Wanna come over for some prosecco?
Summary: Laura's fiance cheated on her with the blond from his work. The blond said it to Laura and now Laura wants to cancel the wedding. Briget is inviting over for prosecco.
Dialogue: Wendy: I feel bad for Miranda
Magdalene: Yeah I couldn't stand such a humiliation
Melanie: What happened? I missed the training
Wendy: The coach was really tough on her today
Magdalene: I would say he was nasty
Magdalene: He picked at her looks, her body
Magdalene: That was absolutely unnecessary 
Melanie: That sounds horrible
Melanie: Did you do anything about it?
Wendy: Nobody did 
Wendy: We were all shocked 
Melanie: It's not the first time when he acts out 
Melanie: But all the girls are always paralysed 
Melanie: I think we should complain to the school director 
Summary: The coach was unkind for Miranda during today's training. He picked at her looks and her body, leaving all the girls shocked. 
Dialogue: Anton: 👋🏾
Jo: Hey
Anton: How did the conference go? 
Jo: Not too bad actually. In the end I decided to read the entire paper instead of improvising, so I got less nervous than usual. And when it comes to content, it seemed the audience understood what I wanted to say, which is good 😂
Anton: ha ha, sounds like a success
Jo: Indeed!! I'll talk to you later, I've got some networking to do... 
Summary: Jo read a conference paper and the audience understood it. Jo has networking to do now.
Dialogue: Elijah: And Sanchez is still struggling at Old Trafford......😜😜😜
Fav:  face ur club and leave Alexis alone.
Shrestha:  LoL and what has Micki or Auba has done till now, at least he is playing CL football here not Europa 😂
Abdi:  There's no trophy for participation 😂😂
Seth:  He's simply being overpaid, and more of a liability to Manchester United
Summary: According to Seth, they overpay Seth Sanchez for playng for Manchester United.
Dialogue: Karen: I am so sad :(
Skyler: What happened
Karen: Dad just brought a new Tv
Skyler: You should e happy :/
Karen: I broke it :(
Skyler: Oh
Karen: Can you fix it?
Skyler: I havent done this before
Karen: Maybe you know some one who can?
Skyler: Yeah my brother can handle
Karen: Perfect, Call him over my place
Skyler: I would
Karen: ThNKS
Skyler: i asked him to come over, He is busy right now
Karen: When would he come?
Skyler: today evening
Karen: Ask him to bring tools along I dont have those
Skyler: Dont worry
Karen: k
Summary: Karen's dad bought a new TV. Karen broke it. Skyler's brother will come in the evening to repair it. He will bring his tools.
Dialogue: Dana: HEy
Jim: Wassup?
Dana: Um, so
Jim: Wyd?
Dana: stuff... dads trying to fix the grill for later :)
Jim: yum! ;)
Summary: Dana's dad is fixing the grill.
Dialogue: Luke: What is the best time to visit Mine?
Molly: I think early autumn to see all the colours
Luke: colours?
Molly: yes, there are very few conifers in New England
Molly: so in autumn you have this amazing brilliance of colours, from red to yellow and everything between
Luke: sounds nice!
Molly: <file_photo>
Luke: wow, very beautiful
Molly: yes, go there in late September
Summary: The best time to visit Mine is early autumn, when the trees are full of colours.
Dialogue: Agnes: Does Ann have a birthday today?
Mona: No, next Wednesday
Agnes: I had to make a mistake.
Agnes: Thanks!
Summary: Ann has a birthday next Wednesday. 
Dialogue: Gillian: <file_other>
Gillian: I hate this feeling...
Monica: what's wrong?
Gillian: I could have done better :/
Monica: really? what happened actually?
Gillian: did you see their comments?
Monica: give me a minute
Gillian: ok
Monica: I'm back
Monica: don't worry! don't take it personally you're learning!!!
Gillian: maybe I'm overreacting
Monica: a little ;)
Gillian: I just really want to keep this job
Gillian: well they didn't say it's all wrong after all
Monica: because it isn't!
Gillian: I hope I'll get another chance :/
Summary: Gillian has got some negative feedback for her work. Monica comforts her.
Dialogue: Annie: Hello! Knock knock. Are you there?
Phil: Hi
Annie: And what do you think about my idea?
Phil: Can we discuss it later? I'm quite pressed for time.
Annie: Ok. Talk to you later.
Phil: Thanks.
Summary: Phil is busy, he will talk to Annie later.
Dialogue: Sophie: What are you doing?
Linda: Thinking about doing my nails.
Sophie: Good thing you haven't started.
Linda: Why is that?
Sophie: Well, you wouldn't text back, would you?
Linda: Right. Got to go, though. My nails=)
Summary: Linda is about to do her nails.
Dialogue: Declan: Morning gorgeous
Adrianna: Morning I'm sleepong
Declan: Wake up
Adrianna: I went to sleep at 2
Declan: That's enough sleep. Haha
Adrianna: No way! :D
Declan: I will be there in 25 mins with hot coffee! see ya
Summary: Adrianna went to sleep at 2 and doesn't want to wake up. Declan will come to her in 25 minutes.
Dialogue: Linda: Jeff, are you home?
Jeff: Not at the moment, why?
Linda: I am not sure if I unplugged the iron.
Jeff: So, what do you suggest we do?
Linda: Well, I cannot leave the meeting.
Jeff: Don't worry. From where I am I'd see smoke if there is a fire at home.
Summary: Linda isn't sure if she unplugged the iron. She can't leave the meeting to check. Jeff is near the house and he would see the smoke if there was a fire. 
Dialogue: Rick: Wanna come over and watch the new seaseon of the simpsons
Morty: not today no
Rick: ok let me know when you'll be up for it
Morty: maybe next week
Morty: I'll let you know
Summary: Rick and Morty may meet next week to watch the new season of "The Simpsons".
Dialogue: Ferdinand: Today it's Gustav's birthday and I'm thinking about him.
Donna: Thank you! To celebrate his birthday, I'm going to a concert today in the Concert Hall. He would enjoy it too.
Ferdinand: Will you be going to the cemetery as well?
Donna: Tomorrow as it's our 21sth wedding anniversary tomorrow. I'll bring him a bunch of roses from our garden.
Ferdinand: I was there yesterday and lit him a candle. The grave looks good.
Donna: The cushion plant blossoms blue in spring but a few died on me in the heat last summer. Have to fill in the gaps again.
Ferdinand: It looks good. I liked it. Very modest, harmonious.
Donna: I hope he would approve.
Ferdinand: He would.
Summary: It's Gustav's birthday. Donna is celebrating his birthday at a concert in the Concert Hall and she is going to the cementary tomorrow since it's their 21st wedding anniversary. Ferdinand went to Gustav's grave yesterday and lit a candle.
Dialogue: Fiona: So we're meeting for an apéro at my place at 5 pm as agreed? And then go to Mangold's for a meal. There is that nice walk from the pub back to my place - for a digestif. 
Paula: It's such a lovely day! Can't we have a walk before the meal?
Paula: We can be at your's at 4 then.
Fiona: Isn't it healthier to have a walk afterwards?
Paula: But it's so important for Peter to be still able to enjoy sunsets! It makes him so happy!
Fiona: The sunset is at 5 pm, so maybe at 4:30?
Paula: OK. And then we can go straight to Mangold's, right?
Fiona: If you say so.
Paula: Anyway an apéritif and wine with the meal would be too much for Peter. He can't drink too much alcohol.
Fiona: It's ok Paula. No need to explain. We'll do it the way you want it. We can also meet at the parking lot opposite the school, where the footpath starts.
Paula: That a splendid idea! Then we don't even have to drive down to your place and it's also so close to Mangold's that it'll be also easy after the meal.
Fiona: Yes. So 4:30 parking lot.
Paula: Brill! So happy to see you again and spend time together. So much to talk about!
Summary: Fiona, Paula and Peter will meet at 4:30 at the parking lot opposite the school. They'll go on a walk and look at the sunset. Next, they'll go to Mangold's for a meal.
Dialogue: Jeff: We're almost done I think
Pat: I'm not sure, they always have some new task
Kelly: the more tasks, the more money. 
Kelly: I really don't mind
Norman: But the job is quite pointless, isn't it
Kelly: job like job, not everything is pleasant in life
Jeff: but this task was particularly stupid, i just hope they will accept our group work
Kelly: why wouldn't they?
Jeff: dunno
Summary: Jeff, Pat, Kelly and Norman are finishing the task.
Dialogue: Tom: We're leaving Jim
Tom: are you ok?
Jim: yes, I'm good, with Molly
Barbara: Do you have the key?
Jim: sure!
Barbara: Please, remember to water the plants
Barbara: especially the palm
Jim: will you come back on Saturday?
Barbara: I've told you many times, that we're coming back on Sunday
Jim: ok, afternoon?
Barbara: I think so, please don't throw destructive parties
Jim: sure, i won't
Jim: afternoon is after 3PM?
Barbara: no, it's about 1PM
Jim: oh, ok!
Summary: Barbara and Tom are leaving and they're coming back on Sunday about 1 pm. Jim has the key to their house and he's responsible for watering the plants there.
Dialogue: Taylor: Merry Christmas!
Taylor: May this festive season sparkle and shine and be full of true miracles, which we sometimes lack during the year 😊
Alice: Oh, thank you Taylor! I wish you many blessings, much happiness, and even more love!
Taylor: Thank you soo much, dear!
Alice: Where’re you going to spend this Christmas?
Taylor: We’re preparing dinner now, but we’re going to spend it with John’s family in the downtown
Taylor: How about you?
Alice: How wonderful! We’ll be spending it in a small village in the mountains. Just me, Chris and our kids! It’s going to be a true blessing for us. We’ve had so much work in the past couple of months ☹
Taylor: I’m so happy for you! There’ll be time for skiing, am I right?
Alice: Yes! I we all love skiing very much!
Taylor: Next year, we’re going with you 😊
Alice: I’d be overjoyed to be with you and your family during the Christmas time!
Taylor: Thank you, I’ve got to go. Dinner is almost ready
Summary: Taylor and Alice exchanged Christmas wishes. Taylor is spending Christmas with John's family. Alice will visit a small village in the mountains with her children and Chris. Alice's family is also going to ski. Taylor's dinner is almost ready, so she needs to go.
Dialogue: Jo: <photo>
Joe: A fire?
Kim: where's that
Jo: not sure
Jo: opposite my old house?
Joe: might be
Jo: they say it's a fruit and vegetable storage area
Kim: I'm not sure where it is, actually
Summary: There's a fire, probably in the area of Jo's old house.
Dialogue: Grace: <file_photo> finished :D
Kristin: amazing! i wish i could embroider too ;(
Grace: i could teach u
Kristin: it's not for my patience, believe me ;D
Grace: lol ok
Summary: Grace shares with Kristin a picture of the embroidery she has just completed.
Dialogue: Katarina: Hello, I got your contact details from Liz, we work together
Jill: Hi :)
Jill: Liz told me you would contact me
Katarina: :) I'm looking for a flat to rent, is your flat still available?
Jill: Yes. I mean, someone is coming to see it this afternoon but for now it is
Jill: Do you want to see it today?
Katarina: Yes, that would be great, I can be there after 6 pm
Jill: OK, anytime after 17:30 will be perfect
Jill: <file_photo>
Jill: <file_photo>
Katarina: Thank you, looks very nice and sunny
Summary: Katarina wants to rent a flat from Liz. She will come visit it today after 6 pm.
Dialogue: Makayla: Hey! :)
Makayla: I've got a discount for yoga and meditation classes for 2
Makayla: All classes take place take place at yoga studio near post office.
Makayla: Wanna sign up?
Stella: hi :)
Stella: i wish i could, but i still haven't recovered from my back injury :(
Stella: my doctor says I can only swim and walk
Makayla: Wow, you had that accident months ago!
Makayla: I hope you'll get better soon. :)
Stella: thanks, me too :)
Stella: have fun at these classes and learn all these fabulous yoga poses ;)
Makayla: thanks!
Makayla: next time you see me I'm gonna look like this XD
Makayla: <file_photo>
Stella: haha :D hope so!
Summary: Makayla has a discount for yoga and meditation classes and she invites Stella to sign up. Stella can't go, because she hasn't recovered from her back injury yet.
Dialogue: Jennifer: Are you ready for the party?
Jessica: Oh yes!!
Jennifer: I will be fun! :D
Jessica: I love the DJ
Jessica: If it was just for him I would go
Jennifer: I really can’t wait
Jennifer: It will be the party of the year
Summary: Jessica and Jennifer are going to a party together.
Dialogue: Reeve: were planning 2 go out swh for weekend
Joy: we?
Reeve: i mean me and Jule
Joy: oh cool. first trip 2gether hey?
Reeve: true. id like to take her swh nice but money don't grow on trees u know
Hayes: we been there 1st time w joy remember joy?
Hayes: <file_other> i mean
Joy: that was a nice surprise yeah
Byrd: actually i was there with Cud too
Joy: you liked it?
Byrd: i did
Reeve: and Cud?
Byrd: you better ask her. long time no see u know
Reeve: shit sry
Byrd: xD twas ok then. good time
Byrd: long time ago
Hayes: we have good memories. go there
Reeve: ok thx
Summary: Reeve is planning a weekend trip with Jule, but he doesn't have much money. Joy, Byrd and Hayes are giving Reeve their recommendations.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Hi
Monica: hey how are you 
Jonathan: Im good and you 
Jonathan: I've been wondering if the field trip is mandatory
Monica: It is
Monica: she will take attendance
Jonathan: Oh no xd
Monica: So yea, everyone is going haha
Monica: Apparently, she's giving additional marks for coming
Jonathan: I am struggling in that class\
Monica: oh no 
Jonathan: So I guess I have to impress her
Jonathan: So that I can pass the class
Monica: I tell you
Monica: Just go
Monica: there will be group work and she will mark it 
Monica: So we can get you covered hahaha 🤣🤣🤣
Jonathan: Right on, thanks much 
Monica: see u there! 
Summary: Jonathan doesn't want to go on the field trip, but it's mandatory. The group work will be marked and he needs to impress to pass the class.
Dialogue: Mia: Hey, do you remember this saying?
Mia: "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving"
Isabel: Hey, umm I may have heard it b4.
Isabel: But I don't know where.
Mia: Oh come on, Emma has a T-shirt with that quote.
Mia: She's totally obsessed with it. It's Albert Einstein.
Isabel: Oh you're right, that's where I know it from.
Isabel: So what's your point? LOL
Mia: My point is that I found the best b-day present 4 Emma.
Mia: A mug with the picture of a bike and the quote written on it!
Isabel: No way, that's too cool!
Mia: Here's a pic: <file_photo>
Isabel: That's perfect. Emma is going 2 be ecstatic when she sees this! :)
Summary: Emma has a T-shirt with Einstein's quote "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving". Mia found a mug with the same quote and a bicycle drawing on it as a gift for Emma's birthday.
Dialogue: Heather: Eh, I've been thinking recently...
Joe: Is something the matter?
Heather: It's nothing really, just that... well
Heather: Social media seem kind of scary to me these days
Heather: It feels like the internet used to be a better place
Heather: But I'm not sure any more if it's just a typical case of thinking things were better when you were younger, not noticing some things... or a legit thing
Joe: Oh...
Heather: I mean sure, there were some bad things, but, uh, how do I explain it
Joe: Take your time
Heather: On Twitter, for example, there's millions of people, so if you post something someone doesn't like, it can blow up for some reason
Heather: And you could be bullied by complete strangers who know NOTHING about you
Joe: Right... :/
Heather: I know people could harass you in the past, too, but it feels like there was more of smaller communities compared with current social platforms
Heather: So you'd feel safer... I must say it's kind of scary when I think about it
Joe: You have a point but I don't think you'd post anything controversial enough for that to happen! Don't worry about it too much 
Heather: Well, some of my friends have received death threats over minor things, so I'm not so sure lol
Joe: ...How did it come to this, eh...
Summary: Heather thinks that the Internet is a scary place today. Some of her friends have received death threats.
Dialogue: Katie: <file_photo>
Leah: cool!
Katie: i think i need to change my tires :D
Leah: yeah you better do :D
Summary: Katie thinks she needs to change her tires.
Dialogue: Grace: how long have you known jack?
Anderson: not sure...
Anderson: maybe 5 years?
Grace: what does he do for a living?
Anderson: i dont know :-/
Grace: you don't know?!?!?! lol
Grace: you've known the man for five years!!!!
Anderson: i'm not sure what he does lol
Anderson: why do you ask?
Grace: because yesterday when we all went out he kept complaining about it
Grace: how he didn't like any of his colleagues...
Grace: how he had to travel all the time...
Grace: stuff like that
Anderson: again, i don't know what he does
Anderson: i'll ask next time i see him
Summary: Anderson has known Jack for about 5 years, but doesn't know what he does for a living. Yesterday Jack complained to Grace about his work. Anderson will ask Jack about it when he sees him next time. 
Dialogue: Malik: What comes up when you google your name?
Ketty: I have never tried that
Malik: You should
Summary: Ketty has never googled her name. 
Dialogue: Anita: Are you in Warsaw already?
Melissa: We've just landed!
Anita: Great, can you come to the city centre?
Melissa: how?
Anita: there is a train to the central railway station, I'll pick you up there
Kelly: Anita, it's so cold here
Anita: Hahaha, I know.
Kelly: I'm not prepared for these temperatures 
Anita: Would you like to buy some clothes?
Kelly: Shoes at least
Anita: we'll take care of it
Summary: Anita will pick Melissa and Kelly up from the central railway station and go shopping with them.
