Dialogue: Perpetual: Hey baby
Kelvin: What's up hun?
Perpetual: Frank stepped by today. He wanted to talk to you.
Kelvin: Ooh. I saw his missed call.
Kelvin: I'll call him later to know what he wanted.
Perpetual: Okay.
Kelvin: See you later. I love you
Perpetual: Love you more.
Summary: Frank was trying to reach Kelvin on the phone. He even stepped by his place. Kevin will call him back as he was informed by Perpetual about Frank looking for him.
Dialogue: Jake: Hey Janice, how is it going? When are u coming back home?
Janice: It's ok. I still need to do some reports for Donna :(
Jake: I have prepared something for u Babe :*
Janice: UR soo sweet! What is it? I'll do my best to come quick!
Jake:  <video_file>
Janice: Awwww…You've made dinner! And cleaned the kitchen!
Jake: And I did some shopping too! :D
Janice: I have the best boyfriend ever! :***
Jake: I have some really great girlfriend! But she works too much to my taste ;-)
Janice: I promise, I'll come home soon!
Summary: Jake's prepared the dinner, cleaned the kitchen and done the shopping. Janice still has to do some reports for Donna but promises to come home soon.
Dialogue: Daniel: Hi bro! There's a new commission. Outside Liv though.
Conrad: Big enough to warrant a drive?
Daniel: Should say so. A builtin kitchen with stone worktops.
Conrad: I like that. When?
Daniel: Starting on the 1st and to be finished within 10 days.
Conrad: We'll manage?
Daniel: We always do. And they pay cash. No invoice.
Conrad: Brill! Grab it!
Daniel: Done so already.
Summary: Daniel got a commission outside Liv, a kitchen with stone worktops, to be finished within 10 days and paid in cash. 
Dialogue: George: Honey, will you and Daniel be home for Easter?
George: How is his catechumenate going?
Aubrey: I'm not sure, dad, but we'll try. :)
Aubrey: He's not happy with it. He reconsiders baptism, but he says, that wants to feel duly prepared for it.
Aubrey: He's the only person in the group, who hasn't received baptism yet, other members prepare for confirmation, so all of the meetings are adjusted to their needs, which are very different from his.
Aubrey: I don't want to get into details, but he feels very uncomfortable in this group.
George: Oh, I see... Can't he talk to the priest, who organizes these meetings?
George: Maybe he could individually prepare for baptism?
Aubrey: Maybe it would be a good idea...?
Aubrey: I don't know, maybe I'll talk to him, but I don't want to put to much pressure on him.
Aubrey: It has to be his decision.
Aubrey: I think he feels a little bit discouraged.
George: Well, I hope he'll figure it out soon. :)
George: Say hi to him from me!
Aubrey: I will. :) Bye, dad!
George: Bye!
Summary: Aubrey and Daniel will try to be home for Easter. Daniel reconsiders baptism, but he needs to prepare for it. He's the only person in the group who hasn't received baptism yet, other members prepare for confirmation, and Daniel feels uncomfortable. 
Dialogue: Amanda: Hi. Remember to take the lunch box! It's in the fridge.
Bran: Mom, can't I buy lunch at school?
Amanda: Take the lunch box. End of discussion.
Summary: Amanda tells Bran to take the lunch box from the fridge, even though Bran would rather buy his lunch at school.
Dialogue: Janet: that mickey mouse tee you were wearing yesterday was really cute
Janet: it looked great on you :-D
Oscar: you're making me blush \ (•◡•) / lol
Janet: whatever
Janet: it looked good
Oscar: i'm glad you liked it
Oscar: but i'm never wearing it again
Janet: why???
Oscar: it gave me the worst itch ever
Oscar: i think i may be allergic to the fabric ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Janet: ohhhhh nooooo
Oscar: yeah
Oscar: i was itching and scratching all day
Janet: that sucks
Janet: i really liked how it looked
Janet: i guess you'll never wear it again
Oscar: you're right :-D
Summary: Janet liked Oscar's T-shirt. Oscar will not wear it again as it made him itch. 
Dialogue: Tom: Dude, the goddamn Batman is the best
Simon: Yeah, he's the boss
Tom: Too bad Batfleck quit
Simon: Yeah, he was a great Batman, with that chin and all, too bad they had him act in bad movies
Tom: Yeah... that's sad. Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy was on a whole other level
Simon: I think Nolan's movies were great movies but not necessarily great Batman movies
Tom: Yeah, they didn't get everything right... with the possible exception of the first one: that one was really really good as a Batman movie
Simon: Well, not even Nolan can beat the animated series XD
Tom: Yeah, that one's the best Bat thing ever
Simon: The goddamn animated series
Tom: I mean, Heart of Ice is the best episode ever
Simon: Well, one of the best
Tom: Heh
Simon: The Bat is just too cool, man
Tom: Yep
Summary: Tom and Simon really regretted that Ben Affleck will no longer play Batman. They consider Nolan trilogy good but not in terms of Batman movies (maybe except for the first one). According to them, nothing beats the animated series though.
Dialogue: Albert: Did you get the decision?
Kermit: Not yet
Albert: Maan it sucks youve been waiting forever
Kermit: You know how it is, the court always has time
Albert: Fingers crossed so that everything will be fine
Kermit: Yea I hope that too. I just want to see my girls
Albert: Sure thing bro
Kermit: I know I fucked up but I really worked hard and I changed
Albert: I know that, hope they’ll see that too
Summary: Kermit is still waiting for the court's decision. He is aware he has fucked up, but he worked hard and he's changed.
Dialogue: Christopher: how do you like that new computer you got?
Christopher: is it everything you expected it to be?
Sophia: i like it a lot!!! :-D
Sophia: i think i may have gotten carried away and got a super powerful compter :-/
Sophia: and i don't need that
Christopher: nothing wrong with that!
Christopher: i'm sure you can sell it next year at a great price
Christopher: and get something more simple
Sophia: maybe i should sell it RIGHT NOW!
Christopher: i can help you find a buyer
Christopher: i know a lot of people who would be interested to take it off your hands :-D
Sophia: i might as well get rid of it now, right?
Sophia: is it a better idea?
Chrispoter: much better, you'll reach a better deal now than next year...
Sophia: thanks for your help!!!
Summary: Sonia has gotten carried away with her new computer so she wants to find something more simple. Christopher will help Sonia sell it this year.
Dialogue: Peter: Mom we will be having lunch with you this sunday .. would that be ok
Mom: Yes son that would be great, i was missing kids :)
Peter: they are missing you too mom
Mom: what do i cook for you guys
Peter: Nothing mom, Angela would make lunch we would bring there and we all will eat together please mom
Mom: thats so sweet of her lots of love to her.
Summary: Peter will come for lunch to his Mom on Sunday. Angela will cook something.
Dialogue: Lucas: Howard and Nancy are coming to visit me on Saturday
Lucas: how about you John? Wanna join us?
John: this Saturday?
Lucas: that's right, in the afternoon.
John: damnit. I want but I can't...
Lucas: Come on, why?
John: this Saturday I'm working until 5 p.m. and then I have an appointment at the dentist's
Lucas: oh my... looks like a busy and unpleasant time...
Lucas: I'm sorry for you, John
John: there certainly are things in life you cannot skip
John: but thanks a lot Luc, I appreciate that you invited me anyway :)
Lucas: no problem, you're my friend, bro :)
Lucas: hope you won't suffer too much at the dentist's
John: thanks!
John: don't worry, he's a real professional, I trust him
Lucas: good for you
John: yeah. Have fun on Saturday and say hello for me, please. Bye
Lucas: Thanks, I will! Bye
Summary: Howard and Nancy are visiting Lucas on Saturday, but John can't join because of work.
Dialogue: Milo: Hi
Noelle: Hi
Milo: How's it going ?
Noelle: Everything is ok I finished my private lesson some time ago and now I'm just at home. I was talking to my student for so long time. Like 1 hours in general during and after the lesson. She even wanted to pay me more because she had taken my time but I didn't even want it since it was also my fault that we were talking and it wouldn't be fair. 
Milo: Cool
Noelle: And how about you?
Milo: Nothing I'm just just drinking coffee watching a movie
Noelle: Nice
Milo: ;)
Noelle: :) I've realised I need to learn English xd
Milo: Why?
Noelle: It don't know so many words yet... connected with law, parts of a car, medicine etc. Idioms, everyday words
Milo: I see
Noelle: What happened that u drinking coffee and not beer? Haha
Milo: I only drink on the weekends now
Noelle: Since when? Lol
Milo: Since I've been in congo
Noelle: Why that? What's the difference if it's Congo or Uganda or other countries?
Milo: Just because I don't feel like drinking during the week here
Noelle: Good
Summary: Milo is watching a film and drinking coffee. He stopped drinking alcohol at the weekends after visiting Congo. Noelle plans to improve her English by learning more vocabulary and idioms.
Dialogue: Eric: The French accepted the offer! A new frenchie in the office soon!
Adrian: Is one not enough!?! 😩😉
Ian: Good stuff, up France 🇫🇷
Grace: 🙈 A lot more "R..Rs" for everyone 😜 Looking forward to meeting him
Eric: Eheh French power 💪🇫🇷
Adrian: Will we need to set a up partition behind Ian in the office? Remember Eric, only English spoken in the office😂👍
Eric: We already speak only in English via email no worries!! 😂
Taylor: Eric your dream came true 😂😂🎉
Eric: But he has Manon's accent. So strong French haha
Adrian: Oh dear, should I have vetted this appointment?!😱😂
Gabriella: Another French guy in the office??? 🙈
Eric: Yes Gabriella! 🇫🇷
Gabriella: Did I mention I'm on holiday for another month ha?!?!
Summary: Eric is happy about the French who accepted the offer. Ian is enthusiastic but Adrian isn't. Grace is looking forward to meeting him but Gabriella isn't sure about it.
Dialogue: Nick: Thanks for an enjoyable evening all. Still laughing at the egg tossing exploits! Lucas and I swapping wet Derry for wet Dublin, joy😩
Alex: Haha it was a good one! Enjoy Dublin! 😉
Zoe: Good luck guys!
Anna: Disappointed to have missed another fun night out. A wet one here in Barcelona too so heading to swimming pool (indoors I hope!) and the aquarium! Hope you have fun in Dublin... Lukas please pass on my regards to all there 😊
Summary: Nick has spent an enjoyable evening with his friends. Nick and Lucas are leaving Derry for Dublin. Anna is in Barcelona and is going to the swimming pool and the aquarium. 
Dialogue: Jenny: What about our project?
Kim: I forgot about it. Meet me tomorrow after school. We'll talk
Jenny: Ok, see u in the library.
Summary: Jenny and Kim will meet tomorrow after school in the library to talk about their project.
Dialogue: Julie: i went to the library to get that book on colonial history and didn't find it
Mark: did you go to the bookstore across the store?
Julie: i don't want to buy it, i want to borrow it from the library
Julie: but they don't have it either
Mark: what about neighboring universities?
Julie: no luck
Mark: i can lend you mine
Julie: YOU'VE HAD IT ALL THIS TIME AND I DIDN'T KNOW?!?!?!
Mark: i thought you know
Julie: yes! i need to borrow it, i have a test on wednesday and need to read it
Mark: ok let's meet later today and i'll give it to you
Julie: sounds good
Summary: Mark can lend Julie the book on colonial history that she was looking for in the library and at the bookstore. They'll meet today and he'll give it to her. 
Dialogue: Cristian: hey who was that guy
Jane: what guy
Cristian: what guy? seriously?
Jane: seriously, what guy??
Cristian: the one you left from college with
Jane: oh.. hes a good friend
Cristian: how come ive never seen him or heard about him
Jane: i dont know
Cristian: thats not an answer
Jane: whats your problem :/
Cristian: my problem is you going out with random guys
Jane: hes not a random guy
Cristian: hes not someone from your immediate circle
Jane: get to the point
Cristian: my point is .. i dont want you to get in trouble
Jane: i wont, its not your problem -_-
Summary: Cristian saw Jane leave the college with a man. Jane claims the man is a good friend, but Cristian doubts it. 
Dialogue: Kyla: What time we r meeting?
Edna: About 7pm?
Kyla: Make that half past, I need to do sth before
Edna: ok, that's fine with me. Will you let the others know?
Kyla: Yeah, I'll call them
Edna: Great. See u on the bridge
Kyla: yeah, bye
Summary: Edna and Kyla are meeting at 7.30 pm on the bridge. Kyla will call the others to let them know where and when they are meeting.
Dialogue: Mitch: <file_photo>
John: Wow! Is that your new girlfriend? Daria, right?
Mitch: Yes :D
John: She's gorgeous! I'm so happy for you, man
Mitch: Thanks dude
Summary: John has sent Mitch a photo of his new girlfriend Daria. Mitch finds her gorgeous.
Dialogue: Russel: yo
Claire: hi
Russel: whats up?
Claire: nothing special
Claire: i hate this weaher
Russel: yeah me too
Claire: i hope summer will return soon
Summary: Claire and Russel hate the current weather. 
Dialogue: Jonah: Merry Christmas!!
Luke: Thanks!! Merry Christmas :))
Jonah: What are your plans this year?
Luke: We're staying home, to much of a hussle to travel with twins
Luke: So a rather calm holidays at home
Jonah: Still nice!
Luke: yeah, you?
Jonah: Christmas Eve at Julie's parents' and than back here to visit mine
Luke: That's a lot of travelling in two days
Jonah: I know but Julie insisted, you know how attached she is to her family
Luke: and the little one? How's he handling that?
Jonah: Oh he loves it! We can't get him out of the car when we arrive
Luke: I wonder how that feels like
Luke: the twins throw tantrumes even if we go to the store and it takes 15 minutes
Jonah: They're only 1, I guess they'll get used to it
Luke: I think so, anyway, if you don't have plans we are thinking of having a friends boxing day
Jonah: sounds good!! Let's keep in touch then
Luke: Sure, give my best to Julie
Jonah: Thanks, same!!
Luke: Merry Christmas :)
Summary: Luke's staying home with twins at Christmas. Jonah's going with Julie to hers and after to his parents. His son loves travelling by car. They're planning to meet at Luke's on Boxing Day.
Dialogue: Zack: I'm in the shops. Do we need anything?
Gill: Washing powder and kitchen towels.
Zack: Ok. Food?
Gill: No, We've got everything. 
Zack: Ok. Lots of people here. I may be stuck in queues. I should be home about 6 or 6.30.
Gill: Ok. No problem
Zack: Is Nick home?
Gill: Not yet :-(
Zack: We need to talk to him!
Summary: Zack is in the shops asking Gill if they need anything. They need washing powder and kitchen towels. Due to a lot of people Zack might be home around 6 or 6:30. Nick is not home yet and they need to talk to him.
Dialogue: Carmen: And?
Owen: ?
Carmen: Have you sorted it out?
Owen: the heating?
Carmen: aha
Owen: they were here
Owen: he repaired it temporarily, needs to replace something
Owen: I checked and it's not working again
Carmen: call them
Owen: they're closed
Owen: they won't come that late anyway
Carmen: so what are you going to do
Owen: nothing
Carmen: why don't you try to fix it yourself?
Owen: don't have the tools
Owen: will call them tomorrow morning
Owen: and see when they can have this scheduled
Carmen: ok
Carmen: let me know
Owen: i will
Summary: He came to Owen and fixed the heating temporarily, but it's not working again. He has to replace a part. It's too late for Owen to call them. Owen will call them tomorrow morning. Owen can't fix the heating himself as he doesn't have the tools.
Dialogue: Jane: Hi Taylor, can u check if we have oranges in the kitchen?
Taylor: Yup, there's 4 left.
Jane: How about bananas?
Taylor: Nope, I ate the last one today.
Jane: OK, I'll stop by the market and buy some fruits. I want to make smoothies 2day.
Taylor: OK, I'll take out the blender :-)
Summary: Jane will buy some fruits in the market. She wants to make smoothies for Taylor and for herself today.
Dialogue: Manuel: Guys! are you in London?!
Gabby: Yup, enjoying Tate modern at the moment
Manuel: great! its an amazing place
Sophie: yes, we're very impressed
Summary: Manuel and Sopie are in London eynjoying Tate Modern at the moment.
Dialogue: Martin: not sure if you know but im sleeping on your couch next weekend haha
Allie: are you?
Allie: is he?
Allie: lol
Myra: yeah im sorry youre the last to find out hahhaah
Martin: i'll bring wine
Martin: and chocolate
Martin: that enough?
Allie: i'd rather get hard currency lol
Allie: but for the lack of that...
Martin: yay :) i'm in
Martin: dont worry itll just be one night... i really have to be there but you know how hotels are
Allie: too good for you?
Martin: <file_gif>
Martin: too expensive
Myra: stop being such a bitch babe
Allie: never
Myra: after all this time?
Allie: always
Allie: alright Martin can you at least bring me something fun from your city? <3
Martin: you bet
Summary: Martin is crashing on Allie and Myra's couch next weekend. He is bringing wine and chocolate. 
Dialogue: Kyle: Binge watchin The Vikings :) u?
Gail: Chillin. Any good?
Kyle: Depends. Character yup, but plot so-so.
Gail: Y?
Kyle: Well, imho, you can tell what's going to happen before it does.
Gail: Where ru?
Kyle: Season 2, episode 3
Gail: How many seasons?
Kyle: idk. 4 I think.
Gail: Maybe it'll get better?
Kyle: Don't think so. But the characters are kinda fun.
Gail: Hm?
Kyle: There's this monk who turned to pagan beliefs, a really crazy guy and the main character is an absolute bad-ass!
Gail: Any women characters?
Kyle: Sure! Loads! Also some strong women!
Gail: That's good! Maybe I'll watch it.
Kyle: If you wanna. Not a lot of fun, but nice to watch from time to time.
Gail: Will try!
Summary: "The Vikings" is only good to watch from time to time. Character development is fine but the plot is predictable.
Dialogue: Tom: where are you?
Pitt: still at the supermarket, an enormous queue here
Benny: But we've everything!
Tom: very good
Summary: Pitt and Benny are standing in an enormous queue in the supermarket.
Dialogue: Mary: So?? Are we going tonight? <3
Meg: Yes!!! I can be earlier!
Mary: meaning? I'm gonna make it for around 7pm i reckon
Meg: Gr8! Let's meet up at 7! Grand Cinema? Perhaps somewhere closer! I'll have a look!
Mary: (Y)
Meg: Nothing. Only tomorrow at 6:10, and Grand Cinema at 8:45
Mary: Did you call me?
Meg: yeah. I think its better to go tomorrow. Let me know
Mary: So you cant make it tonight? I dont really care where we're going, as long as it is no more then 30 minutes from my place :D
Meg: I could go tonight, but its a bit late, i have to go to school early tomorrow. WHat about you tomorrow?
Mary: there are no more other options?
Meg: not really, tonight the earliest 8:30 so maybe tomorrow?
Mary: I turned tonight mode, i have to turn it off now :D
Meg: haha, I know! Will you survive?
Mary: i think so lolol
Meg: <3 so lets meet tomorrow. Grand Cinema if you wish :D
Mary: I have a strange feeling I had something scheduled for 2morrow...
Meg: Check it then!
Mary: haha
Meg: let me know!
Mary: wait a mo... i will write you back
Meg: OK!
Mary: :D
Meg: :* <3
Mary: We can go tomorrow!
Meg: Awesome!!!
Summary: Mary and Meg moved tonight's meeting at 7 at Grand Cinema, as the earliest option at 8.30 was too late and Meg needs to go to school early tomorrow. They'll meet tomorrow at Grand Cinema.
Dialogue: Harry: can you open the window?
Ron: why me?
Harry: she likes you
Ron: but she doesnt like opened windows
Harry: ok so i will do this
Harry: chicken!
Ron: dont call me chicken
Summary: Harry will open the window.
Dialogue: Nola: YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO PICK ME UP!!!
Dylan: I know, I’m really sorry
Nola: I’m sitting here looking at your parents, the most uncomfortable situation I can imagine!
Dylan: I bet it is ;P
Nola: Dylan, I swear to god I will kill you
Dylan: Alright, I’m sorry, I’m stuck with Brandon, police stopped him, he was driving too fast, there’s a whole drama
Nola: I don’t care, just find a way to come here!
Dylan: It’s the road in the middle of the forest, plus I can’t leave my best friend in a situation like that.
Nola: What about my situation??!!!
Dylan: Just…try to understand
Nola: I’m waiting. You owe me something, dickhead.
Dylan: Like what?
Nola: I don’t know, I’ll think about it. It’s definitely going t be expensive
Dylan: LOL
Summary: Dylan didn't pick up Nola. Brandon was stopped by the police and Dylan can't come to see her. Nola will find a way for Dylan to make it up for her.
Dialogue: Jane: u wanna go here tonight? <file_other>
Amanda: No way!
Amanda: I'm too tired after the gym
Jane: but u were there yesterday not today, right?
Amanda: yes, but I'm still destroyed :/
Amanda: and I need to wake up early 2morrow...
Amanda: Ask Natalie, I'm think she wanted to go out, tonight
Jane: ok, thx! 
Jane: enjoy yr bed then
Amanda: thx, have fun! 
Summary: Amanda is tired after the gym, so she won't go out with Jane tonight. Jane will ask Natalie.
Dialogue: Amelia: It was such a wonderful evening with you!  Have you got home alright? Is Peter ok?
Sue: We loved every second of it. It was just perfect. Yes, we got home alright but Pete fell asleep in the car, so it took me a while to get him upstairs. But he didn't feel dizzy any more. Just drowsy.
Amelia: He gave us a bit of a shock yesterday when he reeled onto the sofa. But I think he was still very much in control.
Sue: Oh yes, these dizzy spells aren't so bad, 'cause they're short and not too strong. And of course he knows them and knows how to handle them. Thank God!!
Amelia: He just got up from the sofa too abruptly?
Sue: That's it. So after all no big deal. But of course you never know...
Amelia: We should be grateful for every beautiful moment our good Lord gives us.
Sue: And let me say again thank YOU for this splendid invitation. Your choice of a restaurant was just excellent. We have to go there again.
Amelia: I'm sure we will. The Browns told us about it and they seem to patronise it like once a week.
Sue: Well, the Browns! With his position of a high-level civil servant!
Amelia: Yeah, they have pots but I don't complain myself ;)
Sue: Nor do I. As long as Pete is alright, I'm happy.
Amelia: And he'll be alright for years to come. I'm sure.
Sue: Let's hope so, by goodness! I pray for it every day.
Amelia: You both are in our prayers too. We are is in God's hand.
Sue: Thank you Amelia. You are both such true and good friends.
Amelia: So are you! Sleep well and have a good rest!
Sue: Sleep well!
Summary: Amelia, Sue and Peter went to a restaurant.The place was recommended by the Browns. Peter felt dizzy for a moment, but after he got back home he was already feeling better. 
Dialogue: Theo: did you check the new Steam sale?
Joey: it's that time of the year already?
Joey: and to answer your question, no I did not
Theo: I was thinking of expanding my collection but I'm not sure what to get
Joey: just check your wishlist
Joey: and if there's something there with a nice discount buy it
Theo: maybe you're right
Theo: it's always hard to decide
Theo: and I end up buying games I won't play for ages just because they were cheap
Joey: that's how sales work
Joey: I'm still waiting for a good deal on AC Rogue
Theo: isn't that discounted basically during every sale?
Joey: it is
Theo: then why are you still waiting?
Joey: like I said, waiting for a good deal
Joey: that usually means like 75% off
Joey: so far the biggest drop was like 60%
Theo: that's still a pretty good price
Joey: I know but I still have other games to play so I can afford to wait with this one
Theo: you can always check other shops as well
Theo: uplay should have good deals on AC series
Joey: I know but I have all the other AC games on Steam and I want to keep them in one place
Theo: well it's your choice anyway
Joey: yep
Joey: let me know if you stumble across something nice
Theo: will do
Summary: Theo wants to expand his collection during the new Steam sale, but he's not sure what to get. He usually buys games which he won't play for ages, just because they were cheap. Joey is waiting for a good deal on AC Rogue, like 75%, whereas the biggest drop was 60%. 
Dialogue: Kate: Help me!
Kate: My computer has crashed
Kate: I can't do anything and I have unsaved project which I don't want to loose
Kate: I don't wanna restart it,
Bill: Easy. Firstly let's make cad
Kate: What?
Bill: Press CTRL, ALT and DELETE at the same time
Kate: Task manager came up
Bill: See what application has "not responding" clause
Kate: Microsoft Word
Bill: Find option to close word in the task manager.
Bill: If it won't help you can keep shutting all opened apps
Bill: If app won't close try to switch column to processes and shut down process correspodning with app. 
Bill: For example word is WINWORD.exe - you have description to the right.
Kate: Ok. It works. 
Bill: great!
Bill: Remember to save your projects regularly.
Kate: Thank you :*
Summary: Kate's computer has crashed. Kate is afraid she might lose an unsaved project. Bill tells her to use task manager. It turns out that Microsoft Word is not responding. Bill tells Kate to shut down Word. It works.
Dialogue: Caleb: Hey guys. Just a quick question: where do I change my DOLLARS 💸
Martín: I’d say anywhere except c/ Florida
Ezequiel: I totally agree, Florida is hostile territory ❌‼
Caleb: Should I go to a bank perhaps?
Martín: No no, currency exchange offices are way better… let me see if I can remember any
Ezequiel: I know this one <file_other>
Martín: You can also check this one <file_other>. I went there with my mother a few weeks ago and the rates were ok
Martín: Plus it’s in a hotel, so it’s a little safer
Caleb: Oh sounds good, I’ll try that one. Thank you guys so much 🙏
Martín: No worries
Ezequiel: The pleasure is ours!
Summary: Caleb asks where he can exchange dollars. Martin and Ezequiel advise Caleb not to do it in Florida and in a bank. Martin and Ezequiel share some legit currency exchange offices.
Dialogue: Vicky: Bonjour Rita!
Rita: hi!!! greetings from spain! Ive heard youre going to iceland with olivier :P
Vicky: :D happy to hear from you
Rita: and he looks like an arab now
Vicky: ha ha
Rita: without binocles. Great to hear from you too. Have a great game, beat these wankers!
Vicky: I wish I could, but he does not want to go with me ;) Sure I will win
Rita: What?!?!
Vicky: We miss you
Rita: I miss you too, hope this time will pass quickly and well see each other in france
Vicky: Yeahhhhh. Did you know that olivier did not like to play games before? Since you came he enjoys playing
Rita: Glad to hear that 8-) board games are cool tell him that Vicky! :D
Vicky: I will :D
Rita: is he loosing or winning? :P
Vicky: always loosing haha
Rita: hahaha enjoy your games, big kisses and hugs for Kate and Peter too. Ciao ciao
Summary: Rita is in Spain. Vicky is going to Iceland with olivier. Vicky and Olivier are playing board games. 
Dialogue: Marie: Is there any chance of my afternoon looking less crammed?
Scott: Let me check. We did have a cancellation.
Marie: Great.
Scott: Yes, your 3:30 cancelled so I moved up your 5:30. You're basically done after the next two.
Marie: That's great, thanks!
Scott: No problem. Anything else I can do to help?
Marie: See if we can shift some things tomorrow so I can have an extra 30 minutes between 2 and 3?
Scott: I can try.
Marie: It's just that I want to make sure my kid has an okay day at school.
Scott: Gotcha. Let me see what I can do.
Marie: Okay, let me know.
Scott: Will do. Anything else?
Marie: Yes, can we go over staff holiday gifts tomorrow morning?
Scott: Yes, we should have some time between 9 and 9:30.
Marie: That's fine. Just not sure what to do this year.
Scott: I have some ideas.
Marie: You're a lifesaver!
Scott: Just doing my best!
Marie: Thank you for everything!
Summary: Marie's afternoon will be less crammed. Marie and Scott will think over gifts for the staff tomorrow morning between 9 and 9:30. 
Dialogue: Mary: I've an impression that Emma doesn't like something
Cecil: what do you mean?
Mary: Just a vibe, she hasn't been supportive recently
Miles: that's true, and we really need her to get the funding
Mary: maybe that's what she doesn't like
Cecil: but we have no choice, the project will die without an additional injection of cash
Mary: but maybe we could talk to her openly
Cecil: I don't think so, she is not a type of person that opens easily
Summary: Emma hasn't supported financially the project recently. Mary, Cecil and Miles have to do something about that if they don't want the project to die. 
Dialogue: Ann: <file_video>
Lucy: what is it?
Ann: it's a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman :)
Ann: it's amazing!!
Lucy: it's pretty emotional
Ann: love it!!!
Summary: Ann sent Lucy a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman. They both think that it is stunning.
Dialogue: Caleb: How are you feeling?
Zoe: I've felt better, thanks.
Caleb: You should see a doctor.
Zoe: Yeah, I know. I'm going to see him after work.
Caleb: It looks like flu...
Zoe: Don't even joke like that!
Zoe: I have a conference in 3 days. :/
Caleb: But you need go on a sick leave!
Zoe: I don't want to! There's tone of work to be done!
Caleb: But Mike, Hannah, Ryan and I, we don't wanna get sick! Stay home sicko!
Zoe: The only viral thing in this office is your stupidity, Caleb.
Caleb: Admit that you love it... :>
Summary: Zoe is not feeling well. She's going to see a doctor after work. Caleb thinks it's the flu. Zoe has a conference in 3 days and has lots of work. Caleb doesn't want to get sick from Zoe and urges her to stay home.
