Dialogue: Nick: O M G girls 
Wendy: what's going on?!?
Greta: ???
Nick: Emily kissed with some girl at the party last night and her boyfriend saw everything! 
Greta: DAMN! I have to tell my gurrrls! brb
Wendy: Oh, I love juicy gossip! 
Summary: Emily kissed a girl at the party last night and her boyfriend saw it.
Dialogue: Lisa: Good morning! :-D
Linda: Hi there!
Lisa: I feel it's going to be a beautiful day :-D
Linda: Do you?
Lisa: What's going on? I sense some blues...
Linda: Oh... It's a crappy morning for me. I have to leave my apartment.
Lisa: Oh no... Till when? Why? How did it come about?
Linda: I learnt about that while I was leaving the apartment block. I met the landlord and he handed me a notice. I've got 3 months to vacate the apartment. Why? I don't know. He may have a new tenant, for example some family member. He may as well want to sell it. It doesn't matter.
Lisa: 3 months. That's not bad.
Linda: It isn't. You're right. Still I thought I'd stay there longer. I like that place.
Lisa: Yeah... it's quite comfy and close to the office.
Linda: And not that pricey.
Lisa: Put some post on FB. Maybe someone from your friends has an interesting place to rent. It's always better to do such business with someone you know.
Linda: I'll think about it.
Lisa: Why are you hestitating?
Linda: I don't like posting such news. I feel as if I was losing my privacy.
Lisa: Come on! You're exaggerating. You may get some help. That's easier than you think.
Linda: I'll think about it, ok?
Lisa: Ok. I'll think about it too. I have friends too, you know :-p
Linda: I should think so :-p
Lisa: Don't worry. 3 months that's almost a hundred days. You'll find something :-)
Linda: Thanks :-)
Summary: Linda has to vacate her apartment in 3 months. She refuses to ask people on Facebook if anyone has a place to rent, as Lisa suggested.
Dialogue: Jeffrey: i'm thinking about driving for uber :-D
Jeffrey: what do u think?
Shannon: i'm surprised you want to drive for uber!!! lol
Shannon: that's so unlike you
Shannon: why do you want to drive for uber?
Jeffrey: the extra money could come in handy
Jeffrey: i want a new flat screen tv and those are expensive :-/
Jeffrey: i think if i drive for uber for a couple of weeks i can make that money
Shannon: you don't mind putting mileage on your car?
Jeffrey: not really
Shannon: and having strangers in your card?
Jeffrey: no, i really don't
Shannon: then maybe uber driving it's a good idea
Jeffrey: yeah :-D i'll give it a try
Shannon: please let me know how it goes!
Shannon: i'm genuinely curious lol
Summary: Jeffrey is considering driving for Uber as he needs money to buy a new TV. Jeffrey doesn't mind putting mileage on his car or driving strangers.
Dialogue: Karine: the date for the celebration has been scheduled for june 30th. Could you confirm it's ok for you
Eleonore: great, thank you so much. You may count on me. 
Karine: ok. Don't forget to send me you written confirmation. How many of you will participate?
Eleonore: For sure 3 people. I'll let you know about Jane asap.
Karine: thanks
Summary: Eleonore and two other people will take part in the celebration on June 30th. Eleonore will let Karine know about Jane asap.
Dialogue: Szczepan: when are you available?
Roman: Either weekends or weekdays early mornings
Roman: What's up?
Szczepan: just wanted to talk to you about the project
Szczepan: If you are okay with it
Roman: Sure, how about in 2 hours?
Szczepan: I'll try to stay up
Roman: Ok, I'm in the city now
Roman: Give me few minutes to find some quiet place, so we can talk
Szczepan: oh okay
Szczepan: i'm ready in 5 minutes
Roman: Ready for mic test?
Szczepan: yup!
Summary: Roman is available either on weekends or on weekday early mornings. Roman and Szczepan will meet in 2 hours to talk about the project. Roman is in the city now and he has found a quiet place where they could talk.
Dialogue: Sophia: hey girl! How you getting on today?
Ella: I’m good! You ok?
Sophia: i’m fine. Do you wanna grab a coffee or something tomorrow morning?
Ella: yeah, why not. I’ve got some spare time in the morning
Sophia: 9 am. same place as always?
Ella: yeah, sounds brill! Sheila’s cafe. See you there hon!
Summary: Ella and Sophia will meet at Sheila's cafe tomorrow at 9 AM.
Dialogue: Chandler: hey Mony, I'm at the restaurant.. You wanna eat something??
Monica: Where you at right now??
Chandler: Two Broke Engineers
Monica: Ohkay.. Grab a lasagnia for me...
Chandler: And ?? Just lasagnia .. How will you survive with just lasagnia?? YOU FOODIE :wink
Monica: okay okay.. Bring cheese cake from cheese factory..
Chandler: haha.. That's more like my Mony..
Monica: hahaha!!! Tomorrow i will start my diet xD
Summary: Chandler is at the restaurant "Two Broke Engineers". He will grab some lasagnia for Monica and cheese cake from cheese factory. Monica plans to start a diet tomorrow.
Dialogue: Peter: Hi, wanna grab something to eat after work?
Diana: Sure, maybe that new restaurant at Elm Street?
Peter: You read my mind, I was gonna suggest that :)
Diana: Perfect, see you there at 4.
Peter: See ya <3
Summary: Peter is asking Diana if she wants to go eat with him. Diana is suggesting a new restaurant at Elm Street, a place where Peter also wants to go. They both will meet there at 4. 
Dialogue: Caroline: I'm on way...
Caroline: can u put my lunch box in the microwave? 
Jeff: kk, done :D
Caroline: <3
Summary: Caroline asks Jeff to warm up her lunch box in the microwave.
Dialogue: Fiona: do u have a pad?
Cacily: yes, want one?
Fiona: yes, please
Summary: Cacily will give Fiona a pad.
Dialogue: Kate: Give me the pics :********
JC: Tonights pics? 
Kate: yeah
JC: <file_other>
Kate: :P
JC: :P
Summary: JC sent pictures to Kate.
Dialogue: Natalie: I've booked the hotel.
Sandra: Good, the one in LA?
Natalie: Yep, the Green Leaf.
Nick: Good, is it what  think it is? 
Natalie: <file_gif>
Sandra: My clock shows 420!
Nick: I've heard about the place, they have the best purple haze!
Natalie: And white widow!
Sandra: Can't wait! Maybe we can go shopping before...
Nick: Before munchies, you mean? :D
Natalie: <file_gif>
Sandra: Hey guys, maybe a puff outside the campus? Are you free in 30'?
Nick: On our bench?
Sandra: That's right!
Summary: Natalie has made a booking at the Green Leaf hotel in Los Angeles. They've got the best purple haze and white widow at the Green Leaf. Natalie, Sandra and Nick are going to meet in half an hour on their bench to have a smoke.
Dialogue: Ann: Do u know what time John will be back?
Mike: I have no idea.
Mike: Why?
Ann: I want to visit him, but I don't want to call him because of his mom :(
Mike: I see…
Mike: I'll call u later!
Ann: ok, thx :*
Summary: Mike doesn't know when John will be back. Ann wants to visit John, but doesn't want to call him because of his mom. Mike will call Ann later.
Dialogue: Anna: What are you wearing for the party?
Maureen: <photo_file>
Laura: <photo_file>
Summary: Maureen and Laura are going to the party.
Dialogue: Maria: Where is the concert?
Tom: Hall 5
John: I'm waiting for you at the entrance
Summary: The concert is in Hall 5. John is waiting near the gate.
Dialogue: Annie: need anything from Carrefour?
Annie: I will pop in to get some food.
Annie: and toilet paper ;)
Katie: no thanks Im fine
Annie: lucky you!
Katie: see you later
Annie: bye!
Summary: Annie will go to Carrefour to buy some food and toilet paper.
Dialogue: Angela: How's the party?
Brian: <file_gif> 
Angela: <file_gif> 
Angela: What time are you getting up tomorrow?
Brian: I have a meeting at 11am, so definitely not before 10 :D
Summary: Brian has a meeting at 11 am, so he's not getting up before 10. 
Dialogue: Monica: I'm so nervous...
Monica: he's active  but silence so far..;-( ;-(
Paula: take it easy girl!
Paula: he might be simply busy...;-)
Monica: True, but I've got this gut feeling.. he's not...:/ :/ 
Paula: hey you! stop overanalyzing!
Monica: wait,he wrote "hey..."
Monica: bb l8er.
Summary: Monica's nervous about not being contacted by him. In the end he writes to her.
Dialogue: Danielle: just finished the last episode of house of cards, we can talk about it finally
Haley: so? what do you think?
Danielle: i am disappointed, it's just not the same without Kevin Spacey
Haley: i know... they should not have kicked him out
Danielle: yeah, I mean i liked how strongly they portrayed woman and everything but... something was missing
Haley: not something - Frank Underwood was missing
Danielle: agreed... it's really a shame, it was such a good show
Haley: yeah, everyone just turned from fans straight to haters because of Frank's absence
Danielle: totally justified lol
Haley: ye, i am glad it's over ;) i would not stand another crappy season
Summary: Danielle and Haley are disappointed with the way "House of Cards" ended. They agree it was not the same without Kevin Spacey's character.
Dialogue: Tag: Hey guuurl
Angela: ??
Tag: Wanna come over tonight?
Angela: I would appreciate if you'd stop harassing me.
Summary: Tag should stop harassing Angela.
Dialogue: Jake: So I'm leaving an hour earlier today.
Renee: Why?
Jake: Dana made an appointment for me on my lunch with a customer. Wasn't that nice?
Renee: Is she bringing you lunch at least?
Jake: No leaving early is fine though.
Renee: Won't you be starving?
Jake: Probably but I can live off my fat!
Renee: LOL!
Summary: Jake has to leave one hour early today as he had a meeting with a customer in the lunch time so he didn't eat.
Dialogue: Anne: Hello, I'm sorry but I have to cancel my appointment
Anne: Today 7pm Doctor Kumar
Tamara_reception: Good morning. Would you like to make another appointment?
Anne: Yes but I'm not sure if I can make it this week. How about next Tuesday?
Tamara_reception: Available hours for next Tuesday 22/01: 12:30, 14:00, 14:45. Please use our reservation system available on our website
Tamara_reception: <file_other>
Summary: Anne cancelled her today's appointment with Dr Kumar at 7 pm. Tamara_reception sends her a link to their reservation system on their website so that Anne can book another appointment next Tuesday.
Dialogue: Catherine: hey stef
Stefan: whats up Cate?
Catherine: im cool, what about you
Stefan: me too, whatsup, i know you?😜🤣
Catherine: haha, i need your help
Stefan: i knew it..what is it
Catherine: im bored, come get me
Stefan: haha, alright then
Summary: Catherine is bored and wants Stefan to come get her.
