Dialogue: Margot: Got another invite from Nel...
Adele: Yeah, me too. 
Margot: I'm very close to blocking her on fb...
Adele: I also thought about it. 
Adele: But she might take it as an open war...
Margot: Yes, I know. That's why I'm not doing it, but it's vert tempting...
Adele: Stay strong, don't give a shit!
Margot: Hahahaha. You too! ;) 
Summary: Margot and Adele are strongly annoyed by Nel's activity on Facebook. 
Dialogue: Tommy: did you get your coat from the laundry?
Kate: the lady won't give it to me because I don't have the receipt...
Tommy: what? I signed it by your name... she should give it
Kate: do you have it with you? Maybe you could send me a picture?
Tommy: <file_photo>
Kate: Thanks honey!!! :***
Summary: Kate wants to get her coat from the laundry. The lady there refused because Kate didn't have the receipt. Tommy sends her a picture of the receipt.
Dialogue: Benjamin: Hi honey! Would you be able to pick Harry up? His teacher’s just given me a ring saying he’s sick. 
Emilia: Oh dear! What’s wrong with him?
Benjamin: i’m not sure. Flu or something?
Emilia: you didn’t ask?! I’m leaving straight away!
Benjamin: don’t panic! 
Emilia: ok, i’ll give you a ring you as soon as i get there
Summary: Harry's teacher called Benjamin telling him Harry is sick. Emilia will go and pick up Harry. Emilia will call Benjamin when she gets there.
Dialogue: Ella: She said she wants to see you :P
Mathew: Omg did she really say that <3
Ella: Yeah she did
Mathew: Guess  would have to come to college tomorrow :D
Ella: Dont come
Mathew: Why?
Ella: Let her be worried for another day
Mathew: What about my studies then?
Ella: oh :p
Mathew: i am coming to college tomorrow despite of ilness
Ella: Ok then
Mathew: Should I let her know?
Ella: Dont text her just yet
Summary: Mathew is not coming to the classes and a girl was asking Ella about him. Mathew will come to classes tomorrow even though he is still sick.
Dialogue: Sam: not sure if I will be at school tomorrow
Gabby: why?
Sam: not feeling too well
Sam: might be the flu
Gabby: sucks
Sam: yeah
Sam: anyway I'll go to see the doctor in the morning
Sam: can you tell the teacher?
Gabby: sure, I'll let him know
Sam: thanks, I'll text you after the visit with an update
Gabby: okay, get well!
Summary: Sam does not feel well and he probably will not go to the school tomorrow. In the morning he will go to the doctor. Gabby will tell the teacher that Sam is ill. Sam will text Gabby after visiting the doctor.
Dialogue: Victor: I am so mad at my manager! He is such an asshole. 
Victor: I wanna to sock him in the face! He’s the biggest dick and pain in my ass. 
Max: You wanna punch me on my face?
Victor: 😮😮😮 I am so sorry I wanted to send it to my friend, well anyways, I am so sorry!
Summary: Victor makes a few offensive and aggressive remarks about his boss, Max, and by mistake sends them to his boss. A due apology follows Max's temperate response.
Dialogue: Lola: <file_other>
Lola: check it!
Laura: hmmm, a bit LOL honestly, what does it mean "enigmatic landscape"
Jeff: and "where elephants tower" 😂😂😂😂
Lola: god, it's not the point!
Tim: hahaha
Lola: I know, just kidding
Jeff: so what's the point?
Lola: what we could do there, it could help us plan the trip
Jeff: Lola, no offence, but I really detest Lonely Planet
Lola: I know, and TripAdvisor and airbnb and all the capitalist consumption through tourism...
Lola: but still... they just have good tips there
Jeff: like what?
Lola: simple ones, I know nothing about Botswana
Lola: like Chobe National Park or Chapman's Baobab
Laura: this one looks really impressive indeed
Jeff: yes, and then we go there where 10000 other tourist go, destroying the landscape and producing the 15534th picture on instagram
Lola: I don't know about you Jeff, but I'm spending savings of my life to go to Botswana and I want to get from it as much as possible, so I need to know what's there
Laura: I get your point Jeff, but Lola is also right
Jeff: ok, whatever, we could at least use some less commercial guidebooks
Lola: if you know any, I'm more than excited to look at them!
Jeff: ok, I'll look for sth
Summary: Jeff doesn't like Lonely Planet. Lola is going to Botswana. Jeff will look for some less commercial guidebooks.
Dialogue: Jenny: hi car, how is molly getting on?
Caron: hiya, yes great do you have nay more of the eye drops?
Jenny: yes I will bring some over
Caron: great xx
Jenny: are you in later today?
Caron: I will be in after 2?
Jenny: ok cool I will come over after.. I need to bring all this paperwork to go over
Caron: Yes have you got your laptop yet
Jenny: I have but I haven't done anything with it🤷‍♀️
Caron: lol I didn't expect you to
Jenny: shall I bring it then and you can set it up for me?
Caron: yes of course
Caron: dont for get the charger lead
Jenny: oh yes i will put it in the bag
Caron: ok see you this afternoon xx
Summary: Jenny will go to Caron after 2 to bring eye drops and some paperwork. Caron will set up Jenny's laptop.
Dialogue: Frank: Eliza
Frank: Im going to IKEA to get some furniture stuff for our kids
Eliza: Oh do we still need anything
Frank: I might get something special for Morris 
Frank: His bday is coming up 
Eliza: Yeah that's a good idea
Frank: And we need some new lamps 
Frank: They have deal this week 
Eliza: Are we getting a new lamp for Jeanine? 
Eliza: She needs a new lamp before she goes to school 
Frank: I will take care of that
Frank: Do you need anything? 
Eliza: Hmm I think we're both good
Eliza: But if you feel like buying something useful 
Eliza: then I am ok with that 
Frank: I will go for a few rounds in Ikea
Frank: And will letcha know
Eliza: Thanks dear
Eliza: I will see you tonight 
Summary: Frank is going to IKEA to buy furniture and a gift for Morris. Eliza wants him to buy a lamp for Jeanine. 
Dialogue: Amy: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-12-01/china-s-radical-plan-to-judge-each-citizen-s-behavior-quicktake?utm_content=business&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&cmpid=socialflow-facebook-business&utm_source=facebook&fbclid=IwAR17zyPq7YoAYC617-s34PHvJkoUPGqaKCmVNA3uswDzhQpoOrU84GdJ5PE
Jimmy: That's insane! Han how about your score? :P
Han: Not good enough I'm afraid... 
Summary: Han's not sure about his Chinese citizen's credit score.
Dialogue: Freddie: want to play football with me and the guys at 6? Usual spot
Max: sure, can I bring Mark?
Freddie: ye, the more the better, take your goalkeeper gloves also if you can please
Max: of course, no problem, see you soon!
Summary: Max, Freddie and Mark will play football at their usual spot at 6. Max will bring his goalkeeper gloves.
Dialogue: Peter: Yo, we’re coming over to Warsaw for this weekend. Could we crash on your couch for 2 nights?
Alex: Hell yeah!
Jen: Thanks, we really appreciate it :)
Alex: But we ARE going to party
Peter: I was hoping so
Jen: Noo, not like last time, please!
Alex: Sorry not sorry <file_gif>
Peter: It’s gonna be lit!
Alex: Btw, what brings you to the capital?
Peter: We need to go to Ikea on Saturday to grab some stuff for the apartment
Alex: How do you like living in the new place?
Jen: It’s really nice and comfortable <3 and we are finally by ourselves
Peter: But the neighbours suck...
Alex: Haha how come?
Peter: Making noise complaints all the time
Alex: Bullshit!
Peter: I know
Jen: How about you just stop making so much noise?
Peter: Me? Never!
Alex: Haha I missed that. See you guys on Saturday!
Summary: Peter and Jen are coming to Warsaw to buy some things for their flat in IKEA. They're going to stay at Alex's who's going to take them to a party. Peter and Jen have some problems with their neighbours in the new flat.
Dialogue: Lora: I fucking hate him
Pola: Wait what happened???
Lora: because he is a asshole thats why 
Pola: did he do something ??
Lora: yeah he fucked Jessica 
Pola: nooo....the hell why would he do that??
Lora: Idk but im so down with him, I can't take it anymore
Pola: good for you, you can do way better and if he can't see how amazing you are don't waste your time on him
Lora: your right, can u meet later? I need to take to someone
Pola: YES! ill call when I get off work 
Summary: Lora is down with her boyfriend as he cheated on her with Jessica. Pola will call Lora after work so they can meet later.
Dialogue: Jerry: Hello. I just wanted to write and ask, what time is training tomorrow?
Larry: Training starts at 6:30.
Jerry: Ok, because there's no information on the website.
Larry: Yeah, I'm aware of the problem. There were some issues earlier today.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Larry: You're welcome. Don't forget your clothes for dryland training later on.
Jerry: Ok, thank you.
Summary: Larry answers Jerry that tomorrow's training starts at 6:30. Larry reminds Jerry to take his clothes for dryland training which takes place later on.
Dialogue: Rick: Running late
Rick: traffic
Ana: shit me too
Rick: fuck
Ana: I know right! lol
Summary: Rick and Ana are getting late because of traffic.
Dialogue: Jane: <gif_file>
Jane: Whaddya think? 
Shona: This ur tinder profile thing?
Jane: Yeah, I'm updating my profile tonite. Kinda nervoous though... :( 
Jane: What if i get another guy like John? o.O
Shona: John was a dickhead
Jane: preach sistah!
Shona: anyhoo - this time I've got u :D No slimeballs for you 
Jane: Not again *shudders*
Jane: You know he forgot my birthday??!!
Shona: wanker
Summary: Jane is updating her Tinder profile. She's nervous and worried that she might get a bad match again. Shona reassures her.
Dialogue: Bonny: Are you mad?! You told the repairman to come tomorrow?! 
Mary: What's wrong about it? He says he needs only a couple of hours.
Bonny: But nobody will be there to let him in.
Mary: I will. I'm taking half a day off.
Bonny: Well then...
Summary: Bonny is angry with Mary that she asked the repairmain to come tomorrow as there will be noone at home, but it turns out that Mary is taking half a day off.
Dialogue: Alan: Timmy I told you not to use your phone at school
Timmy: but YOU are texting ME dad!!!
Alan: Oh, right
Timmy: haha
Summary: Alan texted Timmy when he was at school.
Dialogue: Will: Hey long time no speak :P .... you wanted to know about brandon and dom? x
Sarah: gosh, it HAS been a long time! no one ever talks to me nowadays, its quite depressing :P o yeah, what hav brandon + dom been up to NOW? :P
Will: LOllllll how've you been? 🙂 ... and they got caught with alot of drugs... they've been suspended for 7 weeks and the police are involved :P
Sarah: your joking!! they're not that stupid are they?
Will: yes they are :P
Sarah: you seem awefully happy bout this - care to explain why?
Will: because i hate them?
Sarah: its not cos they stole your phone, is it?
Will: My iPod and that's partly it. But they're really not very nice lads lol... Don't tell them I said any of this though :L
Sarah: how can i? im not exactly best of chums either :P still, its best to hang out with people you can trust and who accept you for you 🙂
Will: They're not my friends Sar :P i try and avoid them :P
Sarah: i never said they were :P
Will: loool
Summary: Sarah and Will didn't speak for a long time. Their colleagues, Dom and Brandon got caught with drugs and they've been suspended for 7 weeks. Will hates them because they stole his iPod and they are not nice.
Dialogue: Pam: Have you seen my hairdryer?
Pam: I can't find it anywhere.
Lisa: Oh, damn, I forgot to tell you...
Lisa: It has broken down this morning
Lisa: So I called Chris and he told me to bring it to him and he'll cast an eye over it
Pam: For fuck's sake!
Pam: What am I supposed to do now?! Shit!
Lisa: I'm really sorry, but it's nobody's fault
Lisa: It's called perversity of inanimate objects, nothing more
Pam: Fuckin' bad luck
Summary: Pam's hairdryer broke and Lisa gave it to Chris to fix it.
Dialogue: Lilyana: <file_photo>
Hallie: Whoaaaa!
Hallie: Girl, your nails look so fab :O
Hallie: Where did you have them done?
Lilyana: I actually did them myself! ;)
Hallie: You're pulling my leg! That looks like a pro's work
Lilyana: Thanks :D
Lilyana: I can do yours sometimes too if you want?
Hallie: Sounds great! I've never been very creative when it comes to decorating nails, haha
Lilyana: Oh I've looked for inspiration on Pinterest and Instagram, I really recommend it for nail art photos!
Summary: Lilyana did her nails herself. Hallie likes them. She offered to do Hallie's nails for her. Lilyana looked for inspiration on Pinterest and Instargam.
Dialogue: Liam: Ehh. What a terrible day.
Tony: I agree
Tony: How's your evening?
Liam: I have this urge to pour myself the glass of bourbon and smoke a joint
Liam: And I think I will implement this
Tony: Sounds like good chillout.
Tony: I going to bed
Liam: I can't. My mind is too full of shit to go to sleep.
Tony: Mine too. Nevetheless I will do my best to regenerate during sleep.
Tony: Good night 
Liam: C ya
Summary: Liam and Tony had a terrible day. Liam is going to drink bourbon and smoke marijuana. Tony is going to sleep.
Dialogue: Gabi: How was the training?
Mary: It was fine
Gabi: I thought you didn't like it
Mary: At the beginning
Mary: But later it was fine
Gabi: Did you learn something?
Mary: Quite a few things
Gabi: Was it a training for the leaders?
Mary: Not only. It's for everyone who works with people
Mary: I think you should also do it
Mary: It could be useful for you
Gabi: Yeah you told me
Gabi: But I always have so much to do. 
Summary: The training of Mary was ok, she didn't like it only at the beginning. It was for everyone who works with people.
Dialogue: Keiran: Hi hun can you do me a few pieces this week?
Rachel: Hiya, yes what do you need?
Keiran: I need 3 for instant credit catalogues and 3 for the mobile phones
Rachel: ok 550 words each?
Keiran: yes for the phones but 750 for the catalogues
Rachel: ok no problem whats the deadline?
Keiran: Friday ok?
Rachel: yes that will be workable
Keiran: I will have a big job next week, its a bit more exciting for you
Rachel: sounds interesting what is it?
Keiran: we have a new client who is doing a website for swim spas
Rachel: Swim Spas? like Jacuzzi?
Keiran: yes but you can swim in them 
Keiran: <file_photo>
Rachel: nice, let me know then.. I will get on with these now 
Keiran: perfect thanks darlin x
Summary: Rachel will do 3 pieces on the phones- 550 words each and 3 on the catalogues- 750 words each till Friday.  Keiran has an exciting job for Rachel next week. Keiran has a new client doing a website for swim spas.  
Dialogue: Lea: Hi lovely, I'm afraid we have bad news...
Julia: Oh no, are you all right?
Julia: What happened?
Lea: Fortunately we're all right, but we had an accident. I'm afraid we won't be able to make it today
Julia: Are you all right?! Where are you need? What accident?! :o
Lea: The road was horrible, it's been snowing and I think people lost their minds, everyone's driving like crazy
Lea: One guy was speeding and he hit us, but we're ok, the car is ruined though
Julia: Is the guy alive? Was he drunk?
Lea: I don't know, he had some injuries and was taken to the hospital
Julia: Where are you? Maybe I'll pick you up
Lea: We still have 125 miles, it won't make any sense to bother you like that
Julia: But what are you going to do?
Lea: We're still with the police, they're questioning Mark and taking his statement. I'm waiting by the car
Lea: I don't know what happens next, I hope they'll take us to the next city. If not, we'll call a cab or something
Julia: I'm so sorry dear
Lea: Now that I know we're all right I'm just upset that we won't make it today, I was so excited about this trip
Julia: Don't worry hun, it'll be great
Julia: What about the car?
Lea: It's ruined, really, useless. I don't know how it happened because we're fine, but judging by the car we shouldn't have been
Julia: Oh my god...
Lea: <file_photo>
Julia: It looks terrible! I'm surprised that you're ok
Lea: Me too... Ok, Mark's almost done. I need to go, I'll text you later
Julia: Ok, fingers crossed! If anything, call me <3
Summary: Lea and Mark had a car accident. They are unharmed, but their car is totally destroyed. They will not be able to go on a trip with Julia today.
Dialogue: Sara: i saw awesome anime lately you have to see it its so goood :>
Ala: what's the title?°O°
Sara: i dont remember but it was something about a man and his wife was brutally killed by someone and his son was like disabled and then the son is kidnapped and father has to find kindappers to save his son
Sara: aarghhhhhhhh
Sara: what was that.....
Sara: ah i know(°◇°)
Sara: finding nemo(°◇°)
Ala: what @_@???
Summary: Sara watched lately an animated movie called finding nemo. 
Dialogue: Alina: Has anybody seen Jason recently?
George: nope, since he changed his job, I've had no news from him
Mary: neither I
Alina: very strange...
Tom: Have you noticed he left the group some weeks ago?
Alina: I did, but I though he just didn't want to read what's going on in the office
Alina: I could understand it
Mary: sure, also we write here a lot of general bullshit
Alina: mostly mean gossips :P
George: so maybe just write him a private message
Alina: I wrote him on Friday, he hasn't responded since
Alina: I don't understand what's going on
Mary: hard to say really
Mary: seems he doesn't want to be in touch...
Summary: Alina, George, Mary and Tom haven't heard from Jason since he changed his job. Jason left also their group some weeks ago.  He hasn't responded to the private message Alina wrote him on Friday.
Dialogue: Jasmine: just to remind you we’re having a viewing in the afternoon 
Bobby: yeah, i know. 3-bed terraced house, isn’t it?
Jasmine: yeah, we have to be quick. apparently it’s very popular. I’ve found this property viewing checklist do u wanna take a look?
Bobby: yeah, sure
Jasmine: it’s about things to look out for questions to ask. can’t believe we’re actually doing this! So excited! 
Bobby: just hope the whole process will be smooth 
Summary: Jasmine and Bobby are viewing a 3-bedroom terraced house in the afternoon.
Dialogue: Kelly: have you seen that hair on Amy?
Brenda: yeah, horrible right?
Kelly: who told her she would look good with bangs? 
Brenda: liked the color tho.
Kelly: true, wanted to do that last year but went with blond back then. but can't get the red out of my head.
Brenda: you in red? c'mon that would be weird.
Kelly: why? with my watery-blue eyes and freckles, could work
Brenda: depends on the shade I suppose. could warm you up a bit. This cold blonde is egdy tho.
Kelly: right?
Kelly: i think i'll wait with the red for a while longer. would have to change the wardrobe. cannot afford!
Summary: Kelly and Brenda thinks Amy's hair is horrible. Kelly wants red hair but will wait for a while as she would have to change the wardrobe. 
Dialogue: Keith: Hi there kiddo, when are you planning to visit you old parents? :)
Laura: Hey Dad, I'm not sure yet. I've been pretty busy recenlty.There is this big project coming…
Keith: Oh, I understand, all work and no play…XD
Laura: Daad! Don't be mean! You know I treat studying seriously!
Keith: I know, you take after your mum :) By the way I think she bought some b-day gift for you…
Laura: Next Saturday it is then :D 
Keith: I'll tell mum, she'll be really happy:)
Laura: And please cook your lasagne!  I miss it  so badly …
Keith: I'll se what I can do Pumpkin, le'ts stay in touch :)
Summary: Laura will visit her parents next Saturday, her mum got her a birthday gift and Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Dialogue: Sam: hi there! What's up? Its been quite a while!
Amanda: oh hi! I've been thinking about you recently, meant to write, but you know whats like, always busy... ;)
Sam: yeah, I know ;)
Joe: oh hi! How are you? Yeah, time is running like crazy.
Sam: maybe a coffee or something? We've got quite a lot to discuss, I guess.
Amanda: sounds good! Where, when?
Joe: sounds good to me too:) 
Joe: maybe next week? this week Im so busy with my work :(
Sam: omg, you're still working overtime?
Joe: yes :( no changes in this matter.
Amanda: thats too bad:(
Amanda: anyways, next week sounds good to me too. Maybe Tue or Wed?
Sam: Tue evening will be perfect.
Joe: Ok, I'll try.
Sam: I suggest we catch up Monday to discuss the details.
Amanda: ok, great.
Joe: talk to you soon then! :)
Summary: Sam wants to meet with Amanda and Joe. They will meet Tuesday evening. On Monday they will discuss more details.
Dialogue: Franklin: Hi Ellie! Tried your phone a few times, no answer, though I'd message you instead.
Ellie: Hey, Franklin, Happy Holidays! Yeah, my phone had run out of charge and I didn't check it, sorry.
Franklin: Family OK, they missing my urbane British ways!?
Ellie: 😂 Well, they did like you, not sure they were taken in by that Lord of the Manor stuff!
Franklin: Worth a try? Thought I might have heard from you lately.
Ellie: Well, ditto! Where've you been hiding yourself in work?
Franklin: Right 😰 Well, wondered if you fancied coming to Chad's New Year's party, all the gang from work will be there!
Ellie: I'm not bothered about work people, asshats and computer drones, the lot of them!
Franklin: Right, thanks a lot! Never mind, then, see you after the Holidays.
Ellie: Franklin, I really don't want to party with the work guys, just YOU!
Franklin: Oh, wow! I didn't realize what you meant. Well, yeah, let's do something, tonight Ok?
Ellie: Come round about 8, we'll decide then! Bye! 😘
Summary: Franklin and Ellie haven't seen each other for a little while. Franklin invites Ellie for a new Years party with his work mates. Ellie is not interested in going out with Franklins colleagues, but would like to party with him. They will meet at 8 tonight.  
Dialogue: Donna: Do you play tennis? 
Carol: No. Why?
Donna: I wanted to try and looking for a teacher ;)
Carol: If you find one, I can go with you. 
Carol: If it's not a problem :)
Donna: No, no problem. 
Donna: I'll let you know! 
Summary: Donna is looking for a tennis coach. Carol wants to go play tennis too.
Dialogue: Patricia: Hey did you watch me pull out the plug of the heater before I left?
Niall: Where to check it? I'm still here. 
Patricia: Oh, ok. The electric heater at my desk. Check if it is turned off. Why are you there still?
Niall: Ok, I'll just load the dishwasher, and I'll check it.
Patricia: Thanks :)
Niall: This report has to be sent on Monday. And I wouldn't do everything in the morning. But no worries, I'm done.
Patricia: Ok. Is the heater off?
Niall: Yes
Patricia: So you are going to go and relax now, right?
Niall: Yup. I'm gonna do nothing :)
Patricia: Good.
Summary: Patricia wants Niall to check if she turned off the heater. Niall is doing some overtime work.
Dialogue: Kamil: I'm looking for some good movies/series for those dark and long winter days...
Kamil: Any suggestions?
Jurek: Do you like comedies?
Kamil: Sure, I'll consider every option
Jurek: Then you should definitely watch 'Clerks'
Leszek: Yeeeah bro, that's a good one! I laughed myself to shit
Kamil: What's it about?
Jurek: I don't want to tell you too much, but the action's in the convenience and video stores, and is about titular clerks' daily routine
Leszek: True, maybe it doesn't sound convincing but the dialogues are brilliant :D
Leszek: After you finish this one, there's 'Clerks 2' waitin, even funnier!
Kamil: Well, all right I can give it a try.
Jurek: And if you want a series... I won't be original but what about Game of Thrones?
Kamil: Maaan, I'm not really into this whole movie world
Kamil: I've heard people talking about it and getting excited but I've never pushed myself to watch even an episode
Jurek: Dude, you can't imagine how much I'd like to be in your shoes now....
Kamil: I guess you won't tell me any details?
Jurek: Not really. But I'm sure that all those twists and turns'll make you want another episode
Leszek: I've watched the whole series and actually I still can't understand what's so special about it
Leszek: I figured that it's kinda blind admiration, I mean, everyone thinks it kicks ass so if so many people think so, I'm not going to stand out
Jurek: R U suggestin I'm a moron cause I liked the series?
Leszek: Jurek, c'mon, you know it's nothing personal :) I'm just sayin how I see it
Leszek: And ofc I'm not advising against watching it! So, Kamil. Now you've got 2 views on the series, you should watch it and let us know about your personal feelings :)
Kamil: I think, you've just recommended it well, guys. Opinions're divided, now I'd like to come to my own judgement
Jurek: That won't be wasted time, dude trust me.
Leszek: Don't forget to let us know what you think! :)
Kamil: Sure, I will thanks fellas
Summary: Kamil is looking for movie or series recommendations. Jurek and Leszek recommend "Clerks". Leszek recommends "Clerks 2". Jurek recommends "Game of Thrones". Leszek is not excited about the series. Kamil is skeptical at first, but will give the series a try.
Dialogue: Mandy: i want to win in a lottery
Mary: why?
Mandy: obvious?
Mandy: to have money
Mandy: and no problems
Mary: money doesnt mean no problems
Mandy: but its better to cry in a Porshe than in Volkswagen :P
Summary: Mandy wants to win a lottery and have a lot of money. She believes money can fix problems, unlike Mary.
Dialogue: Donald: hi guys, we are forming a group of people that would like to go to Mauritius-Reunion this winter
Paul: how is we?
Andrew: and what is winter? 😂
Donald: winter, not sure yet but rather February than January 
Andrew: that would be perfect for me
Donald: And "we" are: I & Laura, Peter & Caroline and probably Tom with Jenny, but they are not sure yet
Paul: So only couples?
Donald: no, we would like to have some singles
Donald: as we all know, couples-only-trips are hideous 
Paul: I agree and I'd join but I don't want to be the only single, that's sad
Donald: Laura is going to ask some of her friends, I'm sure there will be some other singles
Paul: ok, let me know as soon as you know anything
Donald: 👍
Andrew: And I'll talk to Amanda and let you know :)
Summary: Donald is forming a group of people that would like to go to Mauritius-Reunion this winter. Paul will join under the condition that he's not the only single.
Dialogue: Mary: Haha yesterday was AWESOME
Will: I know, right? I've never seen this many people in their small flat
Mary: It must have been at least 40 people?
Will: I'd say 50
Mary: Haha like sardines
Will: sardines drinking vodka and dancing
Mary: hahaha and the karaoke :D
Will: Rember John singing hallelujah and Betty dancing behind him with that sex doll?
Mary: OMG I think Phil was actually making a video of that
Will: Put it on youtube, I say put it on youtube :D:D
Mary: I can't talk anymore. My voice is like Louis Armstrong's
Will: Hello Dolly this is louis dolly
Mary: :D
Will: It's because of all the fags on the balcony, it was freazing and you stood there half naked half of the night
Mary: Well I did put my beer jacket on
Will: omg hahaha I have no idea how's it possible that the neighbours didn't call the cops
Mary: I think there's only an old lady that's almost completely deaf
Will: perfect neighbour :D
Mary: omg why does my feet hurt so much
Will: You danced with Ted and he kept on stepping on your feet, remember?
Mary: OMG I tried to erase it from my memory....... hahaha
Summary: Mary and Will discuss the party last night; they talk about the fact that there were many people, they were drinking vodka, singing karaoke, smoking and it was extremely noisy.
Dialogue: Timmy: Bt aren't the guest lists like closed already?
Gemma: The guest list is never closed :) 
Timmy: Y?
Gemma: Believe me! I'm a girl and I know such things!
Timmy: Ah, so that's secret girl knowledge?
Gemma: Betcha!
Summary: Guest list is never closed. Gemma knows that because she is a girl.
Dialogue: May: Anyone fancy going to the museum today?
Jamie: What’s on?
Claire: I’m not feeling so great, I’m out :(
May: Do you need anything, dear?
Claire: I’m good, thanks. Tom brought me Lemsip and some tablets for a sore throat. I’ll live ;) Thank you though xxx
May: Ok, I was thinking about going to Yayoi Kusama’s art exhibition
Jamie: Who’s he/she?
May: She and she’s a Japanese contemporary artist
May: <file_other>
Jamie: Wow, that looks cool! Where’s it?
May: I think Barbican
Claire: That looks amazing! I wish I could go :( When does it end?
May: There’s still one week left, but as I’m going on a trip next week it’s my last chance to see it. Usually she exhibits her work in Japan or in the US only.
Jamie: I’d happily go today, what time should we meet?
May: Is 12 all right?
Jamie: Sure! Meet you there, then?
May: Ok!
Summary: May and Jamie are meeting at 12 at Barbican to see Yayoi Kusama's art exhibition. She normally exhibits in the US and Japan only. Her exhibition finishes next week. May is on a trip next week. Claire is sick, so she can't go.
Dialogue: Jeremy: I'm at a bookshop
Charles: Is there anything interesting?
Jeremy: Hm, a lot, but I'm not sure what he likes, I don't know him that well
Ella: Go for some fantasy or non-fiction
Jeremy: Really?
Ella: Yes, I know, it's a bit weird, but he either reads a complete and totally wild fantasy or something really down to earth ;)
Charles: Exactly, I'd buy him something new and rather non-fiction, he probably has all the fantasy books
Jeremy: Ok, going for non-fiction then, thanks!
Summary: Jeremy's at a bookshop looking for a gift. Ella suggests going for fantasy or non-fiction. Since he probably has all the fantasy books, Jeremy decides to buy him non-fiction.  
Dialogue: Hannah: Got myself a new jacket
Hannah: Look
Hannah: <file_photo>
Elly: looking classy
Hannah: Exactly what I was looking for
Elly: u going to impress that guy at your office lol
Hannah: You got me... 😝
Elly: good luck anyway
Hannah: 😉
Summary: Hanna got herself a new jacket to impress the guy at her office. 
Dialogue: Greg: Hi Mom. How are you?
Linda: Hello. How are you?
Greg: Could you possibly do the babysitting today? It's an emergency...
Linda: Is everything ok?
Greg: Yes and no. Both of us have to deal with some urgent matters at work and we are in trouble now.
Linda: Ok. All take care of him.
Greg: You're a wonder! Thank you a thousand times!
Linda: Shall I help you at home anyhow? Shopping, dinner, ironing...
Greg: No, thanks. Just Johnny.
Linda: My pleasure.
Greg: I know I should have let you know earlier. It's kind of unexpected. 
Linda: That's ok. I understand. I'll take care of everything. Don't worry.
Summary: Linda, Greg's mother, will babysit Johnny today because Greg has to work.
Dialogue: Lilia: I'm sitting with mu friends
Randall: nice
Lilia: 1 guy and 5 gay guys haha
Randall: Oh shit
Lilia: One guy is holding his hand on the knee of the other guy xd
Randall: :* Oh shit baby
Lilia: Hehe I got used to
Summary: Lilia is sitting with her friends, some of whom are gay. Lilia and Randall find being gay awkward but they laugh it off.
Dialogue: Grey: if i had to guess, its you who started the fight
Yuri: hey what do you mean -_- who's side are you on
Grey: hey im on your side, if they want a fight we'll give them one
Yuri: yeah
Grey: but seriously, who started it xD
Yuri: it wasn't me this time
Grey: thank God!
Summary: This time Yuri didn't start the fight. Grey has got Yuri's back.
Dialogue: Tobias: We're leaving right now
Leland: good, I'm waiting outside the cafe
Laura: We'll bee there in 5 min
Leland: great!
Summary: Everybody will meet outside the cafe.
Dialogue: Ian: We partying tonight? 
Morris: Idk 
Morris: I am sleepy
Ian: Come on
Morris: going to sleep bye bro
Summary: Morris is tired and is going to sleep now instead of partying. 
Dialogue: Derek: Hello, my fair ladies
Alison: Well hello, noble knight
Derek: I'm late, my steed got devoured by a dragon in the dark moor
Francine: Have you been playing some computer game lately?
Derek: No, it's just Allie called me a knight
Alison: Well, move thy knightly arse, we're waiting for thee
Summary: Derek's been late for the meeting with Alison and Francine because he's playing a game.
Dialogue: Kate: Remember, we're going to the theatre for your bday.
Chris: Oh, yeah. I almost forgot. What are we gonna see cause I forget.
Kate: Pinocchio.
Chris: Really?
Kate: I know John is a little too old, but he's still to young to see any adult plays.
Chris: He won't be happy! He's gonna say it's too babyish.
Kate: But it's a beautiful theatre. We've never been there. Plus, I'm sure everything will be very professional.
Chris: And a whole bunch of kids in the audience.
Kate: It will be ok, don't worry.
Chris: And then after that, we'll go to eat somewhere, maybe a nice Italian place. I'm paying.
Kate: Sounds good :) It's going to be really tough to make it on time. I forgot that John has his drum lessons on Sat.
Chris: Yeah, he finishes at 3. What time is the play?
Kate: 3 Oops 
Chris: Hmm... maybe he can go for only half an hour.
Kate: Yeah, so he doesn't miss it completely.
Chris: We'll pick him up around 2:30 and then go straight there.
Kate: Ok. How's work?
Chris: It's really slow right now. I feel so guilty when I don't have any work to do. Everyone else is so busy.
Kate: Yeah, I'd bet it's a really uncomfortable situation. Maybe you should mention something to your manager.
Chris: I was thinking about that. But I was thinking to hold off until after Christmas. I'll see, maybe things will improve. 
Kate: Ok, it's up to you. You know the situation best.
Chris: What would you do?
Kate: Well, they'll find out sooner or later. I mean, they just have to look at the logs and they'll know. It's better to come forward before they say anything.
Chris: Yeah, I know. So, you think I should mention something before Christmas?
Kate: I think so ;)
Chris: Ok.
Kate: Talk to you later. Bye.
Chris: Ok, bye.
Summary: Kate, Chris and John will see Pinocchio at the theater on Saturday. Chris thinks the play will be too childish for John. Chris and Kate will pick John up earlier from his drum lesson to make it to the play. Chris's work is going slow. Kate would mention it to his boss before Christmas.
Dialogue: Isla: Hey. Quick question.
Jessica: Yeah? What is it?
Isla: What's your toothbrush doing here?
Jessica: What?
Isla: Your toothbrush. In David's bathroom.
Jessica: Oh shit...
Summary: Jessica noticed Isla's toothbrush in David's bathroom.
Dialogue: Connie: Hi Cora! How are you doing? No pics from you for the last few days.
Connie: That's not typical of you to keep silent for so long. Is everything OK? Or should I start worrying?
Connie: <file_other>
Cora: Dear Connie, I'm back online! Sorry to make you worry about me. We were on a 4-day cruise to Isla de Juventud and had no internet access on board.
Cora: <file_photo>
Cora: Fidel Castro was right - it is a most delightful island! 
Connie: Ufff! Next time please tell me that you'll be visiting Fidel Castro.
Connie: Nice pics too!
Cora: SORRY!  But in 2 days we are off to Trinidad, so probably no internet again. I'm offline if you don't hear from me. Besides everything is super! What a life!
Connie: Enjoy! And keep me posted.
Summary: Connie worries about Cora because she hasn't received any photos from her in the last few days. Cora is on a cruise and she doesn't have Internet access. 
Dialogue: Diana: Hello
Diana: Did you manage to go to Quavo's concert
Dan: Hey
Dan: I wouldn't miss it for the world
Dan: It was dope as hell
Diana: Really?
Dan: Hell yeah
Dan: Just tell me we can go next time
Diana: Yeess❣❣
Summary: Dan enjoyed Quavo's concert. Dan and Diana want to go together next time.
Dialogue: James: Morning Vicky, just wanted to let you know I've accepted a parcel for you. A huge amazon box.
Vicky: Many thanks James. Very kind of you.
James: It's in the hallway.
Vicky: Ta!
Summary: James accepted an Amazon parcel for Vicky.
Dialogue: Lilyana: Morning
Orion: Morning how are you ?
Lilyana: I'm ok and u?
Orion: I'm good thanks
Lilyana: :)
Orion: :p
Lilyana: Sup
Orion: Fuck all
Lilyana: Why?
Orion: I'm bored and sitting in the dark
Lilyana: The light got cut?
Orion: Yes
Lilyana: Poor u
Orion: Indeed
Lilyana: Light some candles
Orion: I don't have any
Lilyana: It will be kind of romantic hehe
Orion: I'll just stay on my bed
Lilyana: If u have oranges u can make them ;) Or from tangerines
Orion: I don't either. But how do you make candles from oranges?
Lilyana: Hmm I will show u a video i don't know how to explain
Orion: Haha ok never mind
Lilyana: <file_video>
Orion: Haha the lights are back
Lilyana: I've tried it once ;) It looks nice. Don't u think so ?:)
Orion: Kind of
Lilyana: Haha
Summary: Electricity has been cut off for a while and Orion's sat in the dark. Lilyana shows him how to make candles out of oranges.
Dialogue: Kate: Mom, you there?
Carol: Yeah, honey, what's up?
Kate: Where's dinner?
Carol: There's no dinner, I didn't have time, just order what you want, money is on the counter
Kate: Dope! thanks mom
Summary: Kate's mom had no time to prepare the dinner, so she left her money on the counter to order something.
Dialogue: Sophia: Matt, do you know Dilshaan? 
Matt: Hmm yea we were good buddies last year, why? 
Sophia: He added me on fb 
Matt: And you don't know him? xd
Sophia: Nope xd haha I see that you're both mutual friends
Matt: Maybe he likes you haha. He lives on the 4th floor
Sophia: Oh well, weird but I have to meet him in person first before adding him on fb
Matt: yeah idk why he just added you like that hahaha 
Summary: Matt and Dilshaan were good friends last year. Dilshaan added Sophia on facebook although she doesn't know him. Sophia won't add Dilshaan on facebook unless she meets him in person.
Dialogue: Josh: Hey, I'll be late
Josh: 5-10 mins
Josh: ok?
Nicole: ok, see you 
Summary: Josh will be 5-10 minutes late for a meeting with Nicole.
Dialogue: Mom: Did you write a letter to grandma?
Susie: Yes, I did ;-)
Mom: Did you tell her about school?
Susie: I told her that school is fun.
Mom: You’re not supposed to lie to the elderly
Susie: I know, I just don’t want to stress grandma… 
Mom: OK, Did you put the letter in an envelope?
Susie: Yes, and I sealed the envelope.
Mom: Did you put a stamp on the envelope?
Susie: I couldn't find any stamps.
Mom: They're in the kitchen drawer.
Susie: Okay. I just put a stamp on the envelope.
Mom: Give me the envelope, and I'll mail it for you.
Susie: When is grandma going to learn about e-mail? 
Mom: Don’t talk back, I wish you’d be so fit in her age
Summary: Susie has written a letter to grandma. Mom will mail it for her.   
Dialogue: Maureen: Heey girl
Maureen: I just moved to a new house.
Lucy: Hey
Lucy: Tell me it is awesome
Maureen: You know me. Classy as always.
Lucy: 🤣🤣girl
Lucy: You gonna kill me one of these days.
Maureen: You should come and visit soon
Lucy: Definitely.
Lucy: Just text me the address.
Summary: Maureen has just moved to a new house. Lucy will visit her soon.
Dialogue: Monica: hey babe, are you coming to work today? 
Teresa: hey! no ... i work from home 
Monica: i see! we are talking about grabbing a beer on thursday 
Teresa: people from work?
Monica: yes, the entire team, you know, before the boss arrives next month ;)
Teresa: hahah yeah i get it, keep me posted!
Monica: ok so what would you say about going bowling this thursday?
Teresa: sounds good! i don't bowl but i'll pop up for a beer
Monica: what do you mean you don't bowl?!
Teresa: i don't, i don't find it entertaining ...
Monica: oh god you're weird!
Teresa: oh fuck off!
Monica: hahha ok chill! i will sign you up for a beer only
Teresa: thanks! 
Monica: no problem ;) see you!!
Teresa: see you love!!
Summary: The team is going bowling on Thursday, Teresa will join just for a beer.
Dialogue: Theo: hey dad, my plane is landing at 3 pm. 
Franck: hi, perfect. I will be waiting for you there
Theo: is mom coming too?
Franck: of course! she is excited since this morning.
Theo: 😄 so sweet!
Summary: Theo's plane is landing at 3 pm. Franck and Theo's mum will be waiting for him.
Dialogue: Greta: <file_photo>
Greta: it was the last time I bought sth online
Hillary: lol
Hillary: is that a tent?
Greta: it was supposed to be number 8
Hillary: maybe it was an infinity symbol
Greta: lol
Hillary: but you can return it, right?
Greta: I think so
Greta: but you know it eats your time
Greta: I'll have to go shopping
Hillary: go out...
Greta: exactly
Hillary: I can heroically go with you
Greta: PLEASE
Hillary: I assume you want dark trousers number 8 
Greta: I want to buy monochromatic, dark trousers with wool
Hillary: nice
Greta: I need sth for winter
Hillary: how much are you willing to spend?
Greta: I want to pay less than 30 $
Hillary: ok
Greta: I really need them :c
Hillary: is Wednesday ok for you?
Greta: I'm free after work
Hillary: ok so Wednesday it is
Summary: Hillary and Greta will go shopping for monochromatic, dark trousers with wool size 8 for Greta. They will go on Wednesday after work. 
Dialogue: Leo: Do you know if doctor Olsen sees patients today?
Bruno: Yes from 9-10
Anne: After 4 pm
Leo: from 9 to 10 or after 4 pm??
Theo: You need to call the clinic and set an appointment
Uri: Useless to call. Be there at 3 pm
Uri: He starts at 4
Uri: Last Friday I was the first one
Uri: I got attended quickly
Uri: Which normally doesn't happen
Leo: I'll call the clinic
Leo: I need to see him today
Leo: I'm really sick
Summary: Leo is sick and needs to know doctor Olsen's working hours today. Uri advises to be there at 3 pm. Leo decides to check with the clinic.
Dialogue: Paul: Hi, we've just landed
Peter: Perfect, go to the railway station.
Paul: where is it?
Peter: outside the arrivals there is a shuttle bus, it will take you to the station
Paul: ok, should I buy a ticket
Peter: from the driver I guess
Paul: ok!
Peter: and let me know when you're on the train
Paul: 👍
Summary: Paul has just landed. Peter instructs him to go to the shuttle bus that will take him to the railway station. The bus ticket can probably be bought from the driver. Paul will let Peter know when he's on the train.
Dialogue: Patricia: Are you still at home?
Susan: leaving now
Patricia: could get me a tampon?
Susan: no problem
Summary: Patricia will bring Susan a tampon.
Dialogue: Louise: Did you see her???
Brian: Of course, they're always together. Why?
Louise: Is she ugly?
Brian: No!
Louise: Oh.
Summary: Unfortunately for Louise, the woman Brian saw is not ugly.
Dialogue: Vince: Hi, sexy lady!
Pearl: Vince, you charmer! Where did you get to last night, I went o er to the yacht at 10, there was no sign of you!
Vince: Old banking mate came to town, dreadful old duffer, big fan of Maggie, back in the day. You would've been bored stiff. We just had a few whiskeys back at the yacht club.
Pearl: Was Ivy serving last night? 
Vince: No, it was some young chap with a beard, student on a gap year, I think. See you tonight, precious?
Pearl: Let you know later, Bye.
Summary: Pearl looked for Vince yesterday but he wasn't on the yacht. Vince had some drinks with his friend at the yacht club.
Dialogue: James: so are we going to meet this week or not? :/
Lucas: yeah... i thought there would be so much free time but yeah...
Lucas: let's see... maybe let's do saturday but during the day?
James: i think saturday's fine
Lucas: maybe at 11am or something, we can meet for 5-6h
James: oh so we won't manage to do too much ;/
Lucas: we'll see, we did quite a bit yesterday in the practice room
James: yeah maybe
Lucas: bring the bass guitar
James: yeah i will
Lucas: alright
Summary: Lucas and James are meeting on Saturday at 11 am for 5-6 hours to practice. James will bring the bass guitar.
Dialogue: Betty: <file_other>
Betty: Maybe you should think over you diet :D:
Steven: It seems like you can't do anything nowadays
Steven: Everything we have contact with causes cancer :(
Steven: Here's my opinion - life causes death
Betty: Seriously you shouldn't ignore this!
Steven: Come on. If you want to avoid cancer causing things, you should move to the jungle on a different planet and wear a space suit.
Steven: On this list you sent there is UV radiation causing cancer. 
Steven: Meaning that literally the daylight can make you sick. 
Betty: It's about long-term exposure.
Steven: Yup. Generally spending time outside in summer gives you cancer.
Betty: Don't neglect scientific reasearch.
Steven: I'm not. But I just think life is too short to get paranoid over everything
Steven: I fully support fighting with smoking in public places, convincing people to quit smoking, start diverse diet and avoid unhealthy food.
Steven: But I'm honestly surprised that scientist devote so much time to analyze what and how causes cancer, and there is still no certain cure for it.
Steven: The more we study world, the more substances we analyze, and the more we analyze the more conclusions we have.
Steven: So in near future we might learn that literally everything causes cancer because that's how the world was programmed 
Betty: I'm no radical paranoic Steve I'm just saying, that if you don't have to expose yourself to additional risk, then don't do it.
Summary: Betty warned Steven about some cancer-causing part of his diet. He refuses to avoid it.
Dialogue: Nancy: Claire!
Claire: hm?
Nancy: I've talked to my best friends about the hen party!
Claire: oh!! aaaand?
Nancy: they thing the city break with just you is a great idea!
Claire: Weeeeeell, we'll have to talk about it
Claire: cause...
Claire: if you want to do it just the two of us JUST BECAUSE you're afraid of satisfying everyone and not being able to do that - DON'T WORRY
Claire: It's on me. There will be no dissatisfied girls. 
Claire: I'll make them leave at once.
Claire: The horrible maid of honor, lol
Nancy: <3 awww, you're the best
Nancy: but I think that's really what I want
Nancy: we can talk about it though.
Claire: OK! When? :D
Nancy: are you free this weekend?
Claire: I can do Sunday, you?
Nancy: me too, brunch?
Claire: perfect!
Summary: Nancy talked to her best friends about the hen party. She will go with Claire on a city break. They are meeting on Sunday at brunch to discuss it.
Dialogue: Tom: I think we are lost
Aldona: How come?
Carol: Tom has been navigating the group
Aldona: what about google maps?
Carol: he claims it shows the wrong way
Tom: it does!
Tom: I remember we were on a bridge
Aldona: but there is a way to cross the river through an underground tunnel 
Aldona: send me a screenshot of google maps
Tom: <file_photo>
Aldona: this is the right way! don't worry
Tom: thanks!
Carol: sorry for making troubles 
Aldona: nothing to be sorry about, enjoy the city!
Summary: Tom and Carol tell Aldona they are lost. Tom is convinced google maps shows a wrong route. Aldona confirms Tom and Carol are on a right way.
Dialogue: Sarah: I am truly, sir, but we need to cancel your reservation.
Michael: Hello, why is that?
Sarah: We have a technical problem and we are unfortunately forced to close the restaurant.
Sarah: I am deeply sorry for the inconvenience.
Summary: Sarah must cancel Michael's reservation. The restaurant will be closed for a technical problem.
Dialogue: Olivia: What was the very first movie you saw this year?
Jayden: It was Star wars
Olivia: Do you have it on your pc?
Jayden: I dont have it now
Olivia: Can you manage some how?
Jayden: I will download it for you
Olivia: TY :)
Summary: Jayden will download a Star Wars movie for Olivia.
Dialogue: Kate: Are you planning your holidays this year?
Roxanna: Not yet, there's still a lot of time till summer
Roxanna: I'm hunting for bargains :)
Kate: Last minute offers are sometimes the best
Roxanna: Agree :)
Summary: Roxanna doesn't make any plans for the summer. She waits for some last minute offers.
Dialogue: Erica: Got a new dress :) 
Shelly: Show me!
Erica: <file_photo>
Shelly: It's nice.
Erica: Just nice? :(
Shelly: Not my style.
Erica: Well, I like it.
Shelly: Good for you! Where did you buy it?
Erica: The mall, ofc.
Shelly: Gonna wear it 2moro?
Erica: Obviously!
Shelly: We'll see how it looks on you :)
Summary: Erica is gonna wear a new dress tomorrow.
Dialogue: Tom: Anybody at the canteen today?
Ahmed: for lunch?
Tom: yup
Tanja: everybody I suppose, where else would we eat?
Tom: what time are you there?
Tanja: at 1PM it's unbearably crowded, so 1.30 at the earliest
Ahmed: For the same reason I'll be there around 2
Tom: ok, let's try to eat together then, around 2?
Tanja: ok!
Summary: Lunch break starts at 1PM. Tom, Ahmed and Tanja are going to meet at the canteen for lunch at around 2PM to avoid crowds..
Dialogue: Bob: Did I tell you that my old high school pal Joseph is doing standup comedy on YouTube?
Josh: Nope... really?
Bob: Yeah
Bob: <file_video>
Bob: Just watch this one
Bob: He's stupid af but fun
Josh: Ok, let me watch this stuff
Josh: Yeah, it's him! Wtf
Summary: Bob's high school friend is a stand-up comedian.
