Dialogue: Monica: how long will i have to wait for you?
Hugh: i told you i will be late
Monica: but how long?
Hugh: one maybe two hours
Monica: are you fucking kidding me?!
Hugh: i have to finish this project
Monica: i dont care
Hugh: so go home
Monica: you know if i will, we will never meet again?
Hugh: are you serious?
Monica: absolutely
Hugh: it was nice to meet you, go home
Monica: asshole
Summary: Hugh is late for a meeting with Monica. She never wants to see him again.
Dialogue: Michael: Hi, Mr. Parker. You there?
Parker: Yes, Michael. What's up?
Michael: I could start working on your house next week.
Michael: If that's all right?
Parker: Any time, Michael. When do we start?
Michael: I am thinking about next Wednesday?
Parker: Great, I'll wait for you then.
Summary: Michael will start working on Parker's house next Wednesday. 
Dialogue: Stanley: hey, did you submit your insurance paperwork today?
Mafalda: yes, just did. it should go into effect on December 1.
Stanley: great. which one did you choose? 
Mafalda: the one with medium-level coverage
Stanley: that sounds reasonable
Mafalda: yes, its a pretty good deal
Stanley: will it include dental?
Mafalda: yes, but i had to pay extra of course.
Stanley: i see
Summary: Stanley's insurance will be effective starting from December 1, and it will include dental.
Dialogue: Mira: Whats the name of this foundation u talked about yesterday
Kristina: MiracleEffect, you can buy it in many shops
Mira: I always buy cosmetics in the internet anyway
Kristina: Yea I should too, it’s cheaper
Summary: Kristina talked about a foundation called MiracleEffect yesterday. Mira always buys her cosmetics online.
Dialogue: Lee: So, not a fan of democracy, then? Well, I've heard Russia is great time this of year!
Jo: It is actually! :) Lee, democracy is not perfect system! Take Brazil as an example! Chaos!!!\
Lee: Would you like to propose a better system then? 
Jo: Yes - a republican, representative electoral system. 
Lee: Why is it so?
Jo: One there is minus the House of Lords. 
Lee: Anything else?
Jo: And one where voters take responsibility for founding out facts and standing by the decisions they make would be a great start.
Lee: What you've just described is the way the referendum was organised. 
Jo: Exactly.
Lee: So let's respect the will of majority, ok?
Jo: I don't agree with it nor i have to like it.
Lee: That's your right to have your own opinion. 
Summary: Jo believes republican system is better than democracy.
Dialogue: Jess: I am so mad!!!!!!
Carla: what happened?
Jess: they postponed again
Carla: whooo
Jess: the construction crew!! I will never live in my own flat again
Carla: poor you :(
Jess: and living with my parents is no piece of cake either
Carla: I can imagine
Jess: I need to leave the house. Wanna go check out that new italian place?
Carla: Sure! I need an hour though, I'm in my sweats and all
Jess: Okay, I might be already drunk when you get there, sorry
Carla: <3
Jess: <3
Summary: Jess is staying with her parents as the construction crew is taking too long with her flat. She'll go to the Italian place with Carla.
Dialogue: Greta: <file_photo>
Greta: it was the last time I bought sth online
Hillary: lol
Hillary: is that a tent?
Greta: it was supposed to be number 8
Hillary: maybe it was an infinity symbol
Greta: lol
Hillary: but you can return it, right?
Greta: I think so
Greta: but you know it eats your time
Greta: I'll have to go shopping
Hillary: go out...
Greta: exactly
Hillary: I can heroically go with you
Greta: PLEASE
Hillary: I assume you want dark trousers number 8 
Greta: I want to buy monochromatic, dark trousers with wool
Hillary: nice
Greta: I need sth for winter
Hillary: how much are you willing to spend?
Greta: I want to pay less than 30 $
Hillary: ok
Greta: I really need them :c
Hillary: is Wednesday ok for you?
Greta: I'm free after work
Hillary: ok so Wednesday it is
Summary: Hillary and Greta will go shopping for monochromatic, dark trousers with wool size 8 for Greta. They will go on Wednesday after work. 
Dialogue: Peter: Guys, billiard today at 6? I have to try my new cue
Andrew: Sure
Eric: I already made plans :(
Peter: No worries, beating Andrew will be pleasurable enough ;)
Andrew: We saw what happened last time haha
Summary: Peter and Andrew are playing billiard today at 6. Eric can't make it.
Dialogue: Julianna: U there?
Maci: Yep
Julianna: I need some help
Maci: Tell me
Julianna: Can I call u on viber just for 2 mins?
Maci: I've just gone out give me 30 min and I can help
Julianna: Oh u know my English friend was online so I asked her but thank you
Maci: Haha ok
Summary: Instead of waiting 30 minutes for Maci, Julianna asked her English friend for help.
Dialogue: Tanner: My phone is defaulted. 
Tanner: Excuse me. I have no numbers saved now. Who is this, please?
Dee: Your girl friend I am?😶😶
Dee: (o.o)(o.o)
Dee: 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
Summary: Tanner has lost his phone contacts.
Dialogue: Joe: Did you just call me?
Harry: No, why?
Joe: It shows that you called?
Harry: Oh, wait...my daughter was playing with me phone. It might have been her.
Joe: Ok, no problem. Hey, do you know that we haven't spoken since last year?
Harry: Yeah, it's been a while. Time flies... work, home, work, home, what can you do?
Joe: We should hang out some time. What are you doing Fri?
Harry: I have this thing at work, but maybe I can get out of going. What did you have in mind?
Joe: Let's grab something to eat, burger?
Harry: Sounds good. Know any good places?
Joe: Like a ton of new places opened up, but Bourbon St. is supposed to be really good.
Harry: Cool, call me when you get off work Fri.
Joe: Ok, see ya
Harry: Take care
Summary: Joe and Harry haven't spoken since last year. They are going to meet up at Bourbon St. on Friday and grab a burger.
Dialogue: Kamil: I'm looking for some good movies/series for those dark and long winter days...
Kamil: Any suggestions?
Jurek: Do you like comedies?
Kamil: Sure, I'll consider every option
Jurek: Then you should definitely watch 'Clerks'
Leszek: Yeeeah bro, that's a good one! I laughed myself to shit
Kamil: What's it about?
Jurek: I don't want to tell you too much, but the action's in the convenience and video stores, and is about titular clerks' daily routine
Leszek: True, maybe it doesn't sound convincing but the dialogues are brilliant :D
Leszek: After you finish this one, there's 'Clerks 2' waitin, even funnier!
Kamil: Well, all right I can give it a try.
Jurek: And if you want a series... I won't be original but what about Game of Thrones?
Kamil: Maaan, I'm not really into this whole movie world
Kamil: I've heard people talking about it and getting excited but I've never pushed myself to watch even an episode
Jurek: Dude, you can't imagine how much I'd like to be in your shoes now....
Kamil: I guess you won't tell me any details?
Jurek: Not really. But I'm sure that all those twists and turns'll make you want another episode
Leszek: I've watched the whole series and actually I still can't understand what's so special about it
Leszek: I figured that it's kinda blind admiration, I mean, everyone thinks it kicks ass so if so many people think so, I'm not going to stand out
Jurek: R U suggestin I'm a moron cause I liked the series?
Leszek: Jurek, c'mon, you know it's nothing personal :) I'm just sayin how I see it
Leszek: And ofc I'm not advising against watching it! So, Kamil. Now you've got 2 views on the series, you should watch it and let us know about your personal feelings :)
Kamil: I think, you've just recommended it well, guys. Opinions're divided, now I'd like to come to my own judgement
Jurek: That won't be wasted time, dude trust me.
Leszek: Don't forget to let us know what you think! :)
Kamil: Sure, I will thanks fellas
Summary: Kamil is looking for movie or series recommendations. Jurek and Leszek recommend "Clerks". Leszek recommends "Clerks 2". Jurek recommends "Game of Thrones". Leszek is not excited about the series. Kamil is skeptical at first, but will give the series a try.
Dialogue: Barbara: Hey, could you buy some eggs?
Agatha: Sure, in Tesco now.
Barbara: Perfect! Grab me some muffins as well, would you? :) Thanks! Love you lots xxx
Summary: Agatha is at Tesco's and will buy eggs and muffins.
Dialogue: Maria: i've bought this new foundation
Lucy: lock it by Kat von D?
Maria: yup
Lucy: and what?
Maria: i have great colour, wihout any pink pigments
Lucy: is it long lasting?
Maria: don't know yet
Maria: i will test it on Saturday's party
Lucy: let me know after that what do you thing
Maria: ok
Lucy: i was thinking about buying it
Lucy: but the price is devastating
Maria: yes it is
Maria: but i hope it's worth the hype
Summary: Maria will test her new foundation at Saturday's party.
Dialogue: Blake: You!
George: What?? 
Blake: Mom is calling you for supper
Blake: You can't hear her yelling? 
George: Shit im coming downstairs
Blake: You better be 
Summary: Mom is calling George to come for supper. He's coming now.
Dialogue: Alex: If I have a bag of lentils, what would I sensibly do with that?
Ruth: You would cook that into a lushes dahl.
Winfred: What is dahl even really?
Ruth: Its a lentil mush that tastes yummy
Alex: But what do you eat it with or on? 
Ruth: You eat it with a curry, a salad or on its own
Winfred: on it's own?
Ruth: yup
Alex: Oh ok, I'll give it a go!  Does anyone want to come for dinner?
Winfred: no thanks! 😂
Ruth: yes please!!!
Summary: Alec is after advice on cooking lentils. Ruth accepts his invitation to join him for dinner. 
Dialogue: Christie: how are you after the party?
Katie: really tired... and you?
Christie: same
Christie: the party was great!
Katie: Yeah, we had fun! :)
Summary: Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Dialogue: Lake: guess what. Lynn got knocked up.
Ethel: whaaat?
Lake: she's pregnant!
Brylee: you must be kiddin
Lake: no she told me!
Ouida: hell. who with???
Brylee: if she knows
Ethel: fuuuck it aint funny
Lake: listen to that. she THINKS it adrian
Ethel: she thinks???
Brylee: Adrian??? ff's sake!
Ouida: hows she feeling
Lake: just try and guess. she outta her mind
Ethel: you bet. shite we need t meet
Lake: donna. i see her moro and tell you whats up
Ouida: ohe yeah geez Adrian???
Summary: Lynn got knocked up. She thinks Adrian's the father. She's out of her mind. Lake is meeting her tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ruth: hey do you know any plumber?
Andy: errr... don't think so
Andy: what's wrong?
Ruth: leaking tap in the kitchen
Andy: <file_other>
Andy: try to call this guy
Summary: Ruth will call the plumber to have her leaking tap fixed.
Dialogue: Thomas: I'm buying a ticket to Paris, when are you flying?
Hunter: 26 Dec
Evan: I am flying 27 Dec, I bought it quite late, there were no cheap flights on 26 any more
Thomas: I've just found a flight for €25
Evan: shite! how?
Thomas: skyscanner
Evan: Ryanair?
Thomas: of course
Evan: ok, with the luggage etc, it will be more than 50
Thomas: yup, but still cheap
Summary: Hunter is flying to Paris on Dec 26th, Evan on the 27th. Thomas has found a 25€ flight for the 26th. It will cost more than 50 with luggage.
Dialogue: Anna: Hi Susanne :* when are you coming to visit me?
Susanne: Honestly I would love to come but unfortunately I have so much to learn
Anna: What about the winter break?
Susanne: I thought about it too. In the first week I'm going to my parents but then I'll have 3 days off
Anna: That's great, so I'm taking this days
Susanne: Okay I'm buing tickets right now to not forget 
Anna: Great! I'm going to ask Tom if he will have time to meet
Susanne: Oh yes I haven't see him for a long time
Anna: Okay see ya 
Summary: Susanne is going to visit Anna during winter break. They might meet Tom, too.
Dialogue: Emily: Hey, I need your advice. Are you free for a sec?
Harry: What sort of advice?
Emily: My brother just bout 3 dresses for me. which one should I choose?
Harry: I would only be able to tell you after watching them,
Emily: OK Sending you pics :p
Harry: Hmm...
Emily: <file_photo> <file_photo> <file_photo>
Harry: These pic are blur. But I would not choose Blue one If I were you.
Emily: I was thinking the same. 
Harry: Why you have to reject one?
Emily: Actually I am allowed to buy two dresses for now and my father has paid for only 2. That's why
Harry: Would you come to college tomorrow?
Emily: Yeah! I might wear one of these tomorrow
Harry: OK See you at college then.
Summary: Emily's brother bought 3 dresses for her and she might wear one of them to college tomorrow.
Dialogue: Harvey: yo!
Harvey: let's see the ritual tonight! who's in?
Tommy: Working...
David: me!
Ryan: i'm in!
Tommy: :(
Reuben: sure, let's!
Harvey: c'mon, tommy, you can finish tomorrow!
Tommy: I wish... Today's the deadline :/
Harvey: meh :| ok, see you guys at 9pm at my place! bring beer :D
Tommy: Have fun! :X
Summary: David and Ryan will go to Harvey's place at 9pm tonight to see the ritual. Tommy has the deadline today so he will be working.
Dialogue: Jackson: Hey so I am having a going away party
Pauline: I am still sad that you're done and leaving this great town 
Jackson: Everything good must come to an end 
Pauline: 😪
Pauline: I hope you coming to visit next year
Jackson: Maybe
Pauline: Vaugh and I are going to miss you 
Jackson: Let me know when you're both done school and we will settle down somewhere together hahaha
Pauline: Sounds like a dream 
Jackson: sounds like a dream to follow
Pauline: Good luck in your job
Pauline: and remember to message us
Pauline: we gotta skype! 
Jackson: I will! 
Summary: Jackson is leaving town and is throwing a party. Pauline will miss him and they would like to keep in touch. 
Dialogue: Edward: mum do you have a sec?
Edward: mum?
Deborah: Sorry, can't right now
Edward: Can I call you in the afternoon then?
Deborah: yeah, something serious happened?
Edward: no no, I just want some piece of advice :D
Summary: Edward will call Deborah in the afternoon for some advice.
Dialogue: Maya: Did you hide my doll?
Dylan: No...
Maya: I cannot find it anywhere... 
Summary: Dylan didn't hide Maya's doll that she cannot find anywhere. 
Dialogue: Sebastian: Hi! Would you like to watch the game with us, at my place?
Martin: Hello. :) That'd be my pleasure!
Sebastian: Glad to hear that
Sebastian: I'll text you the address in a moment
Sebastian: We start at 8
Martin: I'll be there, thanks for inviting me!
Martin: Should I bring anything, something to eat?
Sebastian: No, we're good :)
Summary: Martin is invited to watch the game at Sebastian's place at 8.
Dialogue: Tony: How much do you charge for canvas prints 30 x40cm?
Jim: They're usually 60 pounds each.
Jim: But this week they're on promotion for 45 each.
Tony: Thanks. What's the lead time on the print?
Jim: Usually 7 days but we're a bit busy atm so it might be a little more.
Tony: How much more?
Jim: Up to 2 weeks.
Tony: I need them by this weekend.
Jim: How many were you thinking of ordering?
Tony: I need 12 of them.
Jim: Same design or each one different?
Tony: Same design.
Jim: Let me check with our print shop and I'll let you know if we can get them done.
Jim: Checked with the print shop and we can do them.
Jim: But we'll have to charge a little bit extra.
Jim: Cause it will be termed as express service.
Tony: Thanks for the info.
Tony: How much extra?
Jim: 65 each.
Tony: Thanks. I'll let you know if I decide to go with you.
Jim: I'd need the info from you by EOD if you want us to do the prints by the weekend.
Tony: OK.
Summary: Jim is selling his canvas prints for 45 each this week. Tony needs 12 of them in the same design by this weekend. Jim would charge him in terms of express service. Tony will let him know by the end of the day if he decides to place the order.
Dialogue: Irene: Hey Ben, I took your advice and installed grammarly on my laptop.
Ben: Hi Irene, great, and how do you find it?
Irene: It's wonderful, I use it for many things.
Irene: For my reports, writing assignments etc.
Ben: Yeah, me too.
Ben: It's great that the app even corrects style mistakes.
Irene: True, I also love the fact that it suggests synonyms.
Irene: It let's me really polish my work and I even learn a lot while using it.
Ben: Awesome, I told you you'd be satisfied.
Irene: I can't imagine working w/out it now :)
Summary: Irene is happy with the Grammarly app she installed thanks to Ben's suggestion.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi, I've got the face cream samples you ordered 
Maya: Oh, great
Jonna: I forgot about it
Alex: I can bring them to the next fitness class
Maya: That'd be great
Maya: Thanks
Jonna: Did you pay for them? 
Alex: They were free
Jonna: great, I'll get them at the classes
Jonna: Thanks
Summary: Alex offers to bring the free face cream samples that Maya and Jonna ordered to the next fitness class.
Dialogue: Jett: Could you give me the recipe for that cheesecake you brought yesterday?
Jett: It was out of this world!
Annabella: You and baking? Now that's unexpected, but sure, let me find it!
Annabella: <file_other>
Jett: Thanks!
Jett: Actually, I know Mary loves cheesecake, so I wanted to try making one for her birthday, haha.
Annabella: Oh I'm sure she'll love it!
Annabella: If my boyfriend made my favourite cake for me, I'd never let him go
Jett: Hahah
Annabella: Good luck, Jett! Let me know how it turned out when you've tried the recipe!
Jett: Will do!
Summary: Annabella sent Jett her recipe for the cheesecake she had brought yesterday. Annabella with bake a cheesecake for Mary's birthday.
Dialogue: Jade: are you going to that trip
Wayne: was
Jade: what do you mean
Wayne: its portponed
Jade: are you kidding me XD
Wayne: im serious, why surprised
Jade: i had to go home and miss it xD
Wayne: oh, cool you can make it when we go
Jade: yea, yesss
Wayne: :D
Summary: The trip Wayne was going to go on was postponed. Now Jade will be able to go to.
Dialogue: Lesly: I cant solve these problems?
Darian: Neither do I :/
Lesly: maybe we can use Ethan's help
Darian: Let me call him
Lesly: Sure
Darian: He is asking to come his home at 5
Lesly: Will be at your house at 4:30
Darian: k
Summary: Lesly will come to Darian at 4:30 and they will meet Ethan at 5.
Dialogue: Arnold: Did you put some pub options on our One Note page for the weekend?
Gina: I sure did! There are tons right around where we're staying. We won't starve!
Arnold: Plus we have a kitchen! LOL!
Gina: That's a thing; should we get breakfast stuff?
Arnold: Maybe some bread and coffee?
Gina: Yeah, that would tide us over until we can make it out. 
Arnold: Probably for lunch! LOL!
Gina: That's how we roll!
Arnold: LOL!
Gina: I'm ready for the gym tonight, though.
Arnold: Yes, yes, sure, why not...
Gina: Less than excited?
Arnold: Well...
Gina: Come on, we've been slacking all week. We're going to eat and drink this weekend!
Arnold: True.
Gina: We have to pay, that's how it works.
Arnold: I know, I know.
Gina: Just think about the bbq place tomorrow night.
Arnold: MEAT!
Gina: Exactly!
Summary: Gina and Arnold are going to the gym before going away for the weekend. They will have breakfasts at their place and drink and dine in pubs. Arnold likes meat very much.
Dialogue: Emma: How much for the red skirt?
Aubrey: 30 dollars
Emma: I'll give you 20 for it
Aubrey: The original price is 140, sorry, no way
Emma: 25?
Aubrey: Non-negotiable
Emma: Okay do you offer free shipment?
Aubrey: Yes
Emma: 30 is fine then!
Summary: Emma has bought the red skirt from Aubrey for 30 dollars.
Dialogue: Mona: I'm going to make my first pizza ever
Mona: But need somebody to instruct me though :D
Tina: Hahaha so I'm the lucky one?
Mona: Definitely :D
Mona: It's high time to add something awesome to my cooking repertoire
Tina: Aight, I think I can help you
Tina: The first and the most difficult part is to prepare the dough
Mona: Actually I've got some experience with making the dough
Mona: I've done that many times before for my mom
Tina: So you know the basics. But the pizza dough is specific
Tina: You'll need: 250 grams of wheat flour, 150 ml of warm water, 2 spoons of olive oil, 4 grams of yeast, half a teaspoon of salt and the same amount of sugar
Tina: You can also add 2 spoons of mixed herbs to that, but it's optional
Mona: Good cuz I have everything besides the herbs!
Tina: Awesome, so now the instruction. Ready?
Mona: Ready!
Tina: Pour the flour and yeast to a big bowl and mix them well
Tina: Now add the olive, sugar and salt and mix again
Tina: Now, while kneading the dough you need to add water little by little, until you get, say, a ball of dough
Mona: Got it! I guess I should leave it for some time to rise, right?
Tina: Exactly. Half an hour should be fine
Tina: Use this time to prepare all ingredients that you'd like to put on pizza
Mona: Olives, salami, onion, chicken... Yummy!
Tina: Ok, now smooth the baking sheet with a bit of oil and form the dough on it
Mona: Done
Tina: Time for tomato sauce and all the ingredients you've prepared.
Tina: Did I tell you to preheat the oven to 220 degrees? If not, do it now
Tina: Put your pizza in the oven and wait more less 20 minutes. Check how's the baking going from time to time, maybe you'll have to get it out of a bit earlier
Mona: Tina... You're fantastic! The first pizza I've ever made looks delicious!!
Mona: Thanks a million! <file_photo>
Tina: Looks good! Enjoy :D
Summary: Tina instructed Mona how to make a pizza. It was Mona's first time doing it and it looks delicious.
Dialogue: Elijah: And Sanchez is still struggling at Old Trafford......😜😜😜
Fav:  face ur club and leave Alexis alone.
Shrestha:  LoL and what has Micki or Auba has done till now, at least he is playing CL football here not Europa 😂
Abdi:  There's no trophy for participation 😂😂
Seth:  He's simply being overpaid, and more of a liability to Manchester United
Summary: According to Seth, they overpay Seth Sanchez for playng for Manchester United.
Dialogue: Memphis: always remember to lockup the front door when alone
Tina: you've been gone for hours and youre already worried?
Memphis: haha, its a must, take care
Tina: ill be alright
Summary: Memphis told Tina to lock up the front door.
Dialogue: Peter: Soooo how scattered are the 206 crew then? Let's start with who's back in the UK!? I'll start, Me!
Olivier: I never left :-) glad to hear you're back <3
Clare: Living it up in Ghana still bros :D
Tina: I'm back too! Whoever is around, let's get a drink or dinner or something some time next week?
Thomas: Currently in Cambridge. Leaving for Russia again on Sunday.
Tina: How about Friday evening?
Anne: Are you coming to the drinks reception tonight?
Helen: I'm in Cambridge too! Will be at the drinks reception tonight, but am on fieldwork this Friday :(
Peter: won't make it to drinks this eve... and Friday neither... But a meet up would be good, what about Saturday evening? or next week without Tom! haha
Annette: So if there is going to be drinks tomorrow let me know when and where! Amy you are responsible for keeping me posted! xxx
Amy: This is 100% happening. We're gonna celebrate Tom embedding himself within the Russian government! 
Amy: But also, plans have never been my forte
Amy: Pub half fiveish. Pub recommendations needed.
Peter: Cool, I can join from about 6! Looking forward to catching up!
Annette: I will join you guys from around 6.30-7 pm! Hope you guys will still be around!
Amy: 100%
Anne: Sorry, won't be joining. Hopefully next time.
Annette: I might come at 5.30 actually so keep me posted on where you are at!
Amy: I'm in spoons... Join whenever!
Clare: LOL. Wish I was there bros! <3 <3 <3 I'll have a few beers here in your honour
Summary: Ann and Helen are going to the drinks reception tonight. Amy will let Annette know if she goes for drinks tomorrow. Amy, Peter and Annette are going to meet at a pub around 5:30 pm on Saturday. Amy is responsible for the meet-up so she needs pub recommendations.
Dialogue: Alex: I've just watched a program about depression. 1 in 5 people is depressed! It's shocking!
Emma: i think some people may not even realise that they are depressed
Nancy: so it means many of our friends are depressed.. they just don't talk about it!
Mark: because people don't want to hear about it
Emma: a friend of mine has been suffering from depression
Eva: depression is real and it sucks! everyday activities are a struggle..
Nancy: yeah, people don't take it seriously
Mark: the stigma has to end
Emma: people just say don't worry it's all in your head just be positive!
Alex: easier said than done!
Nancy: we need to open up our minds and open up the talk about depression
Summary: Alex is shocked that 1 in 5 people suffer from depression. Emma thinks that people do not always realise that they have depression. Mark states that people ignore this problem. In Nancy's opinion people should talk openly about depression.
Dialogue: Nancy: Good morning. Just thought I’d give you a little update on my health. The doctor has put me on a new medication and I have lost 7 pounds of water weight! 
Susan: Hi there – thanks for the update, 7 pounds! Send one of those pills my way! LOL
Susan: But really I hope you’re feeling better. What did the doctor say about your heart?
Nancy: My heart is good, just this water weight gain. 
Susan: That’s good news!
Nancy: Want to get together this weekend?
Susan: Sure! What did you have in mind?
Nancy: Breakfast? Lunch? Movie?
Susan: I’ll call you after work and we’ll discuss.
Nancy: Okay, L8R.
Summary: Nancy has lost 7 pounds on a new medication. Nancy's heart is good. Susan and Nancy want to get together this weekend. Susan will call after work to discuss it. 
Dialogue: Greg: Without giving details and jinxing anything, how is the Polish academic scene and how friendly/functional would it be for a foreigner, like me, who can't shut up in a timely fashion some days?
Greg: Someone wants to bring me out as a visiting prof.
Sam: Visiting profs have quite a nice time in Poland
Sam: Red tape is hellish
Sam: But you won't have much of it as a visiting prof
Sam: Which uni invites u?
Greg: I'll have to look up the name again. They sent a message after I was at a conference with their Chair or Vice-Chair, but I was afraid to just jump enthusiastically in.
Sam: Right
Sam: University and city matters and some faculties are more messy than others
Sam: But most Poles speak English so you won't have troubles communicating with tgem
Greg: Thank you <3
Sam: Warsaw, Cracow and Poznań are the best for foreigners
Sam: Poles, like Americans I guess, are pretty divided right now and you can feel the right wing getting stronger
Sam: if you were to move in here, I would recommend postpone it till 2020, till new elections
Sam: but for a visiting prof it won't be an issue
Greg: I'm such a chicken. I'm afraid of every town in the world.
Greg: Thank you. I'll have to pull it up and tell them I'm interested. I'll send you an update around the same time.
Sam: it would be great if u were in Warsaw
Sam: I just told my bf that you would have lots to talk about, he studied Chinese language and culture and we could hang out!
Sam: but whenever you'll be in Poland, I would meet you up <3
Greg: That would be fantastic! :D
Sam: :)
Summary: Greg has been offered a visiting professor position in Poland after a conference he attended and would like to know the realities of academic life in Poland. Sam describes them to Greg. Greg will respond that he is interested in the offer.
Dialogue: Joe: Hi Kels, what you up to lately?
Kelly: Oh my God, Joe Johnson, it's been YEARS!
Joe: Yes, I've been working abroad for the last 3 years, Italy, actually!
Kelly: Wow! Was that with your girlfriend, Josie?
Joe: Yes, we actually got married out there 2 years ago! Unfortunately, it didn't last that long and we split after a year and a half.
Kelly: So sorry to hear that, Joe! What happened?
Joe: Well, she was working all over the place and I hardly saw her, I was staying in her parent's house and working at her brother's garage.
Kelly: Hmm, I can sense a "but" coming up!
Joe: Yes, well, I'm not proud of this, but her sister came back after Uni and one night we got a bit tiddly on Prosecco and brandy, not a great combo!
Kelly: I think I can guess the rest of the sorry tale. Why were they all living out there anyway? 
Joe: Well, if you remember, Josie' s last name is Andellino and her dad had gone back to where he'd come from to look after his mum and dad. Anyway, I came clean to Josie and told her what happened. We struggled on for a few more months, but she was away so often and we decided to call it a day.
Kelly: Now you're back in lovely Newport after the splendour of Rome!
Joe: Right enough. Got my old job back with Tony too! How's the bank?
Kelly: Still there! I've moved into training and my line manager is retiring soon, soon, you never know, another promotion may be on the cards!
Joe: Pleased for you, Kels! You are a real people person!
Kelly: Thanks Joe! Now what about that drink?
Joe: Good memory, Kelly! Tell you what, I'll pop into the bank when it closes Friday and we'll decide then. Tony won't mind me nipping out half an hour early, I do plenty of overtime!
Kelly: Sounds ace, Joe! Looking forward to it!
Joe: Arriverderci, bella!
Kelly: See you, mate!
Summary: Joe got married but they split so he is back in Newport. Kelly works in the bank and is hoping for promotion. Joe will pop into the bank on Friday and they go out for a drink.
Dialogue: Lottie: hey 
Lottie: I got earlier home and would like to cook dinner
Lottie: do you feel like eating spaghetti?
Elliot: wohooo, spaghetti sounds good!
Elliot: <file_gif>
Lottie: don't get that excited 
Lottie: you're mom will come as well
Lottie: I bumped into her in the shop and she just invited herself to us
Elliot: she always does…
Lottie: <file_gif>
Lottie: I will also make some salad. Could you buy a bottle of wine then?
Elliot: ok 
Summary: Lottie got home earlier and she will make spaghetti and salad for dinner. Her mom will come as well. Elliot will buy a bottle of wine. 
Dialogue: Lizzy: Where are you?
Tim: Toilet.
Tim: Take popcorn and go and find our seats.
Tim: 5 minutes and I will be back
Lizzy: Ehh. Everything's ok?
Tim: Yup. I've just been surprised by my digestive system.
Summary: Lizzy and Tim are at the movies. Tim is in the toilet, he'll be back in 5 minutes. Lizzy will take popcorn and find the seats.
Dialogue: Thomas: How was the night with that blonde girl?
Mason: It was nice, but the condom broke
Thomas: Fuck, my nightmare. What did you do?
Mason: We got the Morning-After Pill.
Thomas: That's nice of you.
Mason: Of course, I am not a prick!
Summary: Mason had a nice night with the blond girl. Mason's condom broke so they got the morning-after pill. Thomas reckons it's nice of Mason. 
Dialogue: Simon: I'm running really late today. Can you please pick up the kids from school?
Shona: I guess so. Not impressed with this.
Simon: Look, I'm really sorry. It's just that I have to stay back at work to get this project finished.
Shona: ... and leave me with all the crap to deal with?
Simon: No. I'm not bailing on my responsibilities.
Shona: Really? 
Simon: I know we have a deal but sometimes work has to come first.
Shona: It always comes first. Tell me when was the last time that your work didn't come first?
Shona: Every time we make an arrangement your work somehow manages to get in the way.
Simon: Yeah, I know.
Shona: You know that I have other things planned today and if I pick up the kids I'll have to reschedule everything. 
Simon: Yeah, I know.
Shona: Can't you get your sister to them up?
Simon: I've tried to call her but sh isn't answering her phone for some reason. She's probably busy.
Shona: And I am not??!!
Simon: Yeah I know hon. Just this once. Please.
Shona: It is always 'just this once'. Like everyday 'just this once'!
Simon: I'll try to make it up to you on the weekend.
Shona: Promises, promises....
Simon: So can I count on you picking up the kids or do I have to ring around and try to find someone else.
Shona: Yes, but this is the last time I'll do this. I refuse to cover for your lack of responsibility after this. 
Summary: Simon can't pick up the kids from school, because he has to finish a project at work. Shona reproached him for being irresponsible. She will reschedule the day and pick up the kids from school.
Dialogue: Kasia: <file_photo> Do you like the make up?
Lily: it's way to much
Mel: I agree, Katya, it's not Russia or Poland :P
Kasia: lol, you're mean
Summary: Lily and Mel think Kasia put too much makeup.
Dialogue: Julia: What are you doing?
Darcy: I'm going to the library? You?
Julia: I'm going to the gym
Julia: Later I'll be joining you.
Darcy: Ok, I'll keep a place for you
Darcy: You're coming in two hours, right?
Julia: Yes, madam!
Darcy: I prefer to work out in the evening
Darcy: When I'm done with work
Darcy: I have nothing else to do
Darcy: Gym helps me to unwind
Julia: I know. I used to go to the gym in the evening too
Julia: But morning workout gives me so much energy for the day
Julia: Anyways, see you in two hours :***
Summary: Darcy is going to the library while Julia is going to the gym. Julia is going to join Darcy in two hours.
Dialogue: Greg: i can't get that song out of my head
Kevin: which one?
Greg: that's the problem, i'm not really sure what song it is
Greg: i'm just humming it
Kevin: who sings it?
Greg: i don't know either, it's driving me nuts!!!
Summary: Greg is humming a song but can't remember singer's name.
Dialogue: Mike: wanna go to that bar on 7th ave?
Mike: a couple of us will be going there
Joe: i'm not feeling that great
Joe: i'd rather netflix and chill tonight
Mike: text me later if you change your mind
Summary: Mike is going to the bar on 7th Avenue. Joe will watch netflix and chill instead because he is not feeling well.
Dialogue: Arabella: Why is this Jada Smith person all over with her personal life?
Arabella: Man I don't care!
Katie: I know. All about her sex life and kids and yikes...oversharing!
Arabella: Exactly! Who is she anyway?
Katie: Some actress, married to the Fresh Prince guy.
Arabella: Doesn't she have anything better to do??
Katie: Guess not!
Arabella: Hope she's getting paid. And her whole family. Even the kids overshare!
Katie: Ugh...
Summary: The actress Jada Smith overshares her personal life.
Dialogue: Derek: U there man?
Lars: Sorry
Lars: Cant' talk now, got work to do
Derek: Ok, sorry
Summary: Lars is busy and can't talk with Derek.
Dialogue: Marzena: Hi guys, I'll be in London on February!
Jeff: How amazing
Tony: are you coming back for good?
Marzena: no, it's not even that easy now
Marzena: with Brexit...
Tony: oh, c'mon. It may not even happen
Marzena: I'll stay a week, I hope to meet you there
Tony: of course!
Summary: Marzena is coming to London for a week in February. She's going to meet Jeff and Tony there.
Dialogue: Lora: Have you conveyed my message to Lilly?
Liam: Yeah I have
Lora: Ty
Summary: Liam has conveyed Lora's message to Lily. 
Dialogue: Jimmy: Hey, guess what? My car's completely kaput!
Carrie: What happened?
Jimmy: Don't know, either the battery, alternator, engine or a combination of all three
Carrie: Where is it now?
Jimmy: Yesterday I managed to jump-start it and it was fine, but then Amy took the car and stopped to get something at the store, and then she couldn't get it to start again
Carrie: Sucks! Wanna borrow my Mercedes?
Jimmy: How are you gonna get it to me? You live so far from the city now
Carrie: I don't live that far! It's only like 20 km
Jimmy: I'll let you know
Carrie: I can drive it into the city, and then you can drive me back home, then you'll have the car :)
Jimmy: :) Hmm… I still gotta do something about my car
Carrie: Actually, you should buy mine and get rid of yours
Jimmy: :-/ Yeah, lately there's always something with it. Anyways, I'll let you know. I may need it, Amy's sister is coming to visit.
Carrie: Ok, see ya
Jimmy: Bye
Summary: Jimmy's car is broken. Carrie offers to lend him her car. Jimmy will let Carrie know later.
Dialogue: Jake: How are you?
Jackie: Better, thanks. I still have a soar throat but I feel almost fine :)
Jake: Good to hear. Will we see you on Friday at the party?
Jackie: Sure! Wouldn't miss it!
Summary: Jake asks Jackie how she feels. Jackie was ill, but now it's better. Jake and Jackie will meet on Friday at the party.
Dialogue: David: <file_photo>
David: hey, look whom I met :D
Mollie: is this Amanda "Mandy" Bower?
David: exactly!
Mollie: what happened to her face?
David: a few plastic surgeries I believe XD
Mollie: unbelievable, she was so pretty in high school!
David: I know she was…
David: She caught a really rich husband who liked improvements :/
Mollie: poor her!
David: <file_gif>
Summary: David met Amanda "Mandy" Bower and Mollie notices she had a few plastic surgeries and looks different than at high school. 
Dialogue: Eternity: I want to ask you about sales volume as a only saleswoman
Eternity: As I know I sold 30 cars, and my supervisor sold 24 last month.
Faith: Yes. That’s right.
Eternity: But why there was a difference in salary between my supervisor and me? Is it because he is in higher position than me?
Faith: Are you asking me why the salary is different from your supervisor’s although you sold more? Am I correct?
Summary: Eternity sold 30 cars last month while her supervisor sold 24, yet the supervisor received a higher salary.
Dialogue: Jack: Attention please! Big news time :)
Betty: Good news bad news?
Clara: What is it?
Jack: May and I are having a baby!!!
Clara: What?!
Paul: Congratulations man!!!
Betty: Whoop whoop!
Clara: Oh this is so wonderful <3 What month is it?
Jack: Four :) It didn’t show for quite a long time and May had very few symptoms.
Betty: When can you tell the sex?
Clara: I think they need to wait a bit for that ;)
Paul: Can you see anything at all? Are you sure?
Jack: First photo <file_photo>
Betty: I can’t see anything
Clara: How’s May feeling?
Jack: She’s fine, quite happy that she probably was spared the morning sickness
Paul: What would like to have? A daughter or a son?
Jack: Hm, I thought son, but now I kinda don’t care anymore.
Betty: Have you thought about the names?
Clara: Really, isn’t it a bit too early for that? ;)
Jack: It’s early, but we did think about it :) We were thinking about Julia and Robert
Paul: Robert? Why Robert?
Jack: After my father
Betty: I like it, nothing too fancy, traditional
Clara: Yes, Julia’s pretty as well <3
Betty: Send our kisses to May!
Summary: May and Jack are having a baby. May's four months pregnant and she feels fine. They don't know the sex yet, but they thought about the names for the child. It will be Julia or Robert, depending on its gender.
Dialogue: Gail: :P
Paul: :O
Gail: Hi :)
Paul: Oh... so you're no longer mad at me?
Gail: I never was, you know I like to pretend I'm angry ;)
Paul: You were fucking with me as usual :P
Gail: Don't be vulgar
Paul: Or...?
Gail: Or?
Paul: Or you'll get mad at me again?
Gail: Oh come on now
Paul: :P
Gail: You know I like you
Paul: Yeah yeah yeah
Gail: You're worse than my spinster aunt :P
Paul: Oh, now I understand who you got your evil woman genes from :P
Gail: Hah!
Paul: Ok, just kidding
Gail: I would hope so!
Paul: ;)
Gail: Heh
Paul: Wanna go out tonight, eat a pizza or something?
Gail: Are you hitting on me?
Paul: Yep
Gail: Now that was unexpected
Paul: Nah, just kidding
Gail: :'( You just broke my heart
Paul: Srsly?!?
Gail: Nah :P :D
Summary: Paul jokingly invites Gail to a date tonight.
Dialogue: Emma: Hugh Jackman would coming at the restaurant this weekend <3
Jayden: Really?
Emma: Would you want to be famous too?
Jayden: Never thought about it
Emma: You should go for America's got talent you have good singing skills
Jayden: Will talk about that later xD
Emma: Get ready to be at restaurant this weekend
Jayden: <3
Summary: Emma says that Hugh Jackman will be at the restaurant this weekend.
Dialogue: Sid: I have your umbrella, you left it at our house
Pam: Ohh thanks, been looking for it!
Sid: no problem:)
Summary: Pam left her umbrella at Sid's house. She was looking for it.
Dialogue: Harvey: Hey Dona, i'll be running late. please reschedule my meeting
Dona: but its an important one
Harvey: yeah, i know, but please find a way
Dona: Okay Harvey, but better have an explanation for the client
Harvey: Dont worry, i have one, but ill explain later after i arrive
Dona: okay sir
Harvey: thanks Dona
Summary: Dona will reschedule the meeting on Harvey's request.
Dialogue: SweetyMalongo: hi lover
Nigel: As far as I remember, I don't know you. Why are you contacting me?
SweetyMalongo: u marrid?
Nigel: Yes I am. Married to an angel from heaven.
SweetyMalongo: okk. bye.
Summary: SweetyMalongo asked Nigel if he is married. Nigel replied that he is, to an angel, after which SweetyMalongo left.
Dialogue: Kerri: Did you see the apartment?
Stella: yes brb
Kerri: ok
Stella: Sorry I was driving
Stella: I saw it yesterday but it was already dark so I want to go again to see it in the morning
Stella: First of all, its really big, 130 sqm
Kerri: WOW
Stella: I could split it into 2 apartments
Stella: 90 and 40 sqm more or less
Kerri: Or 80 and 50?
Stella: Not really, there's only one way to split it
Stella: So I could stay in the big one with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms
Kerri: Sounds good
Stella: I want to see it in the morning
Stella: The agent said the bedrooms are very sunny in the morning
Stella: Maybe I'll go tomorrow
Kerri: Took some photos?
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Kerri: Nice!!!
Kerri: The kitchen looks fantastic
Kerri: Its huge
Stella: It's the size of my living room!
Stella: We obviously don't need 3 bedrooms
Stella: But I could have a decent home office at last
Kerri: Has Greg seen it?
Stella: No, he's away this week
Summary: Stella wants to see the apartment in the morning. She plans to split it into 2 apartments.
Dialogue: Chloe: R U up?
Patricia: ...
Chloe: Mm, ok, rough night :D
Patricia: I'm still in bed
Patricia: but I REALLY need water
Patricia: and it's so so so far away
Chloe: At least you're in good mood ;)
Patricia: as good as it gets
Chloe: Did you get that guy's number?
Patricia: yeah, I did.
Chloe: and...?
Chloe: did you give him yours?
Patricia: you're crazy? I'm not giving my number to random guys
Chloe: even the cute ones? ;)
Patricia: hahaha, they may not be so cute when you're sober
Chloe: come on, i wasn't drunk so you could count on my judgement ;)
Chloe: will you call him though?
Patricia: don't know yet, definitely not now
Chloe: well, of course not now, but in general
Patricia: probably not
Summary: Patricia and Chloe went out last night. Patricia liked a man and got his number. However, she is not sure if she is going to call him. Chloe thinks he is handsome. 
Dialogue: Jon: Hi! I saw you were looking for a Swedish-speaking person. Here I am! What's up?
Rory: Hey Jon!
Rory: Thanks for your message
Rory: Have you got any experience in translation of a web page then placement on translated text in to code?
Jon: Nope, I have never dealt with translations of this sort so far.
Rory: Well, I guess I can shoot you an email with what i need and you can see if you can manage it 
Rory: If that's ok.
Jon: That sounds like a good idea
Jon: There you go: jon.jonsson (at) gmail.com
Rory: And if it's not interesting, I appreciate this as well.
Rory: Perfect thanks will send it to you by the end of the day or first thing tomorrow.
Jon: Thanks so much! I'll let you know as soon as I chew it over. 
Summary: Rory is looking for a Swedish-speaking translator for a website. He will email Jon the details tomorrow morning.
Dialogue: Jenny: Hey girl! What’s up?
Audrey: hey you, I am doing great! And you?
Jenny: good, good. So Nadia is getting married in two months, and we need to organise an awesome bachelorette party for her 💃. Are you in to do it in the last week of June?
Audrey: Oh yass!! That will be great if we can also gather the other girls. Do you have anything planned yet? 
Jenny: well I though about organising a spa day with the girls, a nice restaurant afterwards…. And of course we can party all night long somewhere.
Audrey: that sounds great, she loves pampering herself! So a day at a spa is PERFECT! 
Jenny: yeah thought so too. 
Audrey: oh, we can buy some matching robes for us bridesmaids 😍and one in white for her… you know like the things we see on Instagram lol 
Audrey: <file_photo> 
Jenny: oh yeah, these are so cute she would love them. And we will buy her a cute crown… gotta make her feel extra special. 
Audrey: haha 😹 yeah she’s so extra!
Summary: Jenny enlists Audrey to help organise a hen party in the last week of June for Nadia who is getting married in two months. Jenny thinks about spending the day in a spa and going to a restaurant afterwards. Audrey suggests they buy matching outfits for them as bridesmaids and for the bride.
Dialogue: Regina: I can have such conversations with any guy on tinder. But the thing is that it's boring and annoying
Nelson: Fair enough! Not boring to me but it does take 2 to tango
Regina: I just don't find it interesting to write things like that. It doesn't bring anything, fake empty sentences
Nelson: But i understand!
Summary: Regina finds a certain type of conversation with guys on Tinder boring. Nelson doesn't find them boring, but understands Regina's point.
Dialogue: Jessica: I heard you got caught during the exam.
Gareth: ya... that sucks
Jessica: I told you, don't mess with her.
Gareth: cmon, it was impossible to learn everything
Jessica: at least you could have tried
Gareth: no, I had a shift yesterday
Jessica: but you knew about the exam from the beginning.
Gareth: you're not helping...
Summary: Gareth got caught cheating in the exam.
Dialogue: Henry: Hey, I don't know if you remember me  - I was the photographer at Vivian's party last Saturday. I've looked through the photos from the party and some of them are great. I have a fanpage on fb with my photography and I was wondering if I could post some of your photos there - here's a folder with everything I'd like to post <file_other>. Let me know, if you agree to posting your pictures or if there are any particular photos you'd like me not to include.
Lydia: Hey, sure I remember you :) I'm at work right now. I'll look at the pictures in the evening and let you know, if they're ok.
Henry: Of course, thanks a lot :)
Lydia: Generally, almost all of the pictures are good to go. If you could not include Photo_325 that would be great.
Henry: Of course, I'll just delete from the public folder (although if you want to have it for yourself just let me know). May I ask why you don't want it included?
Lydia: I just don't like the beer in my hand in this picture. I know it's a party, but I just don't feel comfortable knowing some of my co-workers might stumble upon it.
Henry: I understand completely. The picture's already deleted from the folder.
Lydia: Thanks for understanding :)
Henry: No problem. By the way - is there a chance to let Peter know about my message? He might not have seen this conversation.
Lydia: Sure. I'm telling him right now.
Peter: Hey, sorry, I didn't see your message there.
Peter: I checked out the photos and they're all okay as far as I'm concerned.
Jason: Fantastic, thank you :)
Peter: Do you plan to contact everyone you have on the pictures?
Jason: Yes, I'm contacting everyone.
Peter: Good luck then.
Jason: Thank you :)
Summary: Henry asks Lydia and Peter if he can post their photographs from Vivian's party. Lydia doesn't want one photograph to be posted. Peter is fine with all photos. Henry needs to ask everyone that are in the photos.
Dialogue: Maxfield: ive totally run out of food
Sinclair: go to the shops then
Maxfield: and cash
Wayne: go and earn then. this is a bad place for begging
Sinclair: yeah crybaby. we wont help lol
Summary: Maxfield has no money nor food. Wayne and Sinclair won't help him.
Dialogue: Sam: I'm so sorry. I can't make it on time.
Sandra: Should we start without you?
Sam: Please do. I'll be 30 min late.
Staś: Ok
Summary: Sam will be 30 minutes late. Sandra and Staś will start without Sam.
Dialogue: Carol: do you ever shop online?
Michelle: yes I do!
Carol: i just got a sweater and i think it may be too big
Michelle: buying clothes online is always a risk
Carol: i know!!! i'm having buyer's remorse.
Michelle: lol
Carol: what if it's too loose?
Michelle: you can always return it
Carol: that sounds like a big hassle
Michelle: it is a hassle, i've had to do it a couple of times
Carol: i shouldn't have ordered it!!!
Michelle: if it's too big you can always run it on the dryer and it'll shrink
Carol: wow, that's true! you're a genius
Michelle: I sure am
Summary: Carol can shrink the oversize sweater in the dryer instead of returning it.
Dialogue: Edric: i got 2 tix 4 hoops game 2moro
Briar: oh cool id like 2go. how much
Edric: nitch. got'em 4free but cant go
Charity: cool briar so were going
Summary: Charity and Briar will take Edric's tickets for hoops game tomorrow as he can't go.
Dialogue: Louise: i don't have anything too wear... :/
Jenniffer: tell me about it, I can't remember the last time I went shopping
Louise: I know... this isn't how things should be, we need to do something about it!
Jenniffer: we definitely do! :D
Louise: so... are you thinking what I am thinking? :>
Jenniffer: shopping, ice cream and coffe on saturday?
Louise: shopping, ice cream and... drinks? :D
Jenniffer: yes please!!! <3
Louise: my Mark can take us to the mall so we don't have to drive, we can get a cab to city center later
Jenniffer: sounds like a plan!
Louise: I am just worried Tommy will be mad because we planned to spend saturday together...
Jenniffer: how about we ask our boys to spend evening together? They like each other right? :D
Louise: you are a GENIUS <3
Jenniffer: hahaha - then it's settled, perfect <3
Summary: Jenniffer and Louise are going to go shopping, have ice cream and drinks on Saturday. They will ask Tommy and Mark to hang out together in the evening.
Dialogue: Andrew: My wife is the best at baking!
Andrew: She baked such a pumpkin cake I can't stop eating!
Nick: Good for you.
Nick: My wife's cheating on me...
Andrew: WHAT?
Nick: I'm joking just to make you feel awkward :D
Summary: Andrew is eating a pumpkin cake his wife has baked.
Dialogue: Mark: Mate can you grab some coffee on your way back home. 
John: Sure. No probs. Shall do.
Mark: Thanks. Much appreciated. 
Summary: John will grab some coffee for Mark on his way back home.
Dialogue: Andrew: <file_photo>
Andrew: Care to join me? :D
Herbert: HAHAHA! Are they really organizing CEMS party??
Andrew: Why not, even such successful people need to let off some steam ;)
Olga: What is so funny about them?
Andrew: It is a course on our university filled with autists :D
Herbert: Remember last year when I showed you that video of people on a show?
Olga: Family Feud? That group from our uni?
Herbert: Yea, the high guys
Andrew: They weren't high, they were just retarded :D So imagine a full club of such people haha
Herbert: Plus a handful of Indians taking that course
Andrew: Oh yea, they can bring some spiked curry haha
Herbert: HAHAHA
Olga: I think I will pass on that :P
Summary: There's going to be CEMS party, Andrew offers Herbert to go with him. They joke about it as it's a course at the university which is attended by autists and Indians.
Dialogue: Therese: we should buy Jeff a present, but I have no idea what...
Gordon: a board game, easy and he loves them
Amalie: true! I can get something today on my way home, I'll be at the Strand
Therese: perfect
Summary: Amalie will buy Jeff a board game as a present.
Dialogue: Chloe: OMG, i saw ur designs for class. they're like SO LAME
Stella: What? how? no one was supposed to see those
Chloe: Yeah, well i did - and they'r like ridiculous!
Chloe: i can't believe u drew something so horrendous 
Stella: stop it Chloe!!  
Chloe: why? u gonna cry??
Stella: why do u have to be so mean all the time? 
Chloe: please, i'm just doing u a favour
Chloe: now no one needs to see u or ur work again
Chloe: u should just quit while u can
Stella: but i like designing
Chloe: but u clearly have no talent
Chloe: no one is gonna want to hang out wiht a nobody like u
Stella: ur just saying tht
Chloe: i wouldn't be saying it if it wasnt *true*
Stella: i don't care - I'm not quitting! i love creating and designing!! 
Stella: and i do have talent - Mrs Hall even said so!
Chloe: puh-lease, she was just saying that cos she felt sorry for u
Chloe: not that i blame her
Stella: i'm not gonna quit
Chloe: *yawn*
Stella: i'm serious
Chloe: whtaever, it's ur funeral
Summary: Chloe dislikes Stella's designs and advises her to give up. Stella won't quit and Mrs Hall thinks she is talented too.
Dialogue: Penny: please let me know when you're at home
Don: ok, I'm about to leave the hotel now
Penny: I have to see my sis now but I'll be back before you arrive
Don: ok
Penny: drive safe :*
Don: seeya at home
Summary: Don's leaving the hotel and heading home. Penny will be back from her sister's before he arrives.
Dialogue: Catherine: I have to buy new clothes, I feel like a pig with nothing to wear
Margaret: Me too!! Let's hit the mall on the weekend
Catherine: Deal.
Margaret: And do our nails
Catherine: and have a nice healthy yet delicious lunch
Margaret: and then order pizza in the evening
Catherine: exactly
Margaret: I browsed through online stores yesterday but I couldn't find anything nice
Catherine: I know, I checked it out too. Also I keep ordering staff and ending up keeping it just because it's too big a hussle to return them
Margaret: haha I know that feeling and these clothes don't even fit most of the times
Catherine: If it's to small I just give it to my sister, if too big my mum get's a new pair of jeans
Margaret: and we end up with nothing :D
Catherine: <file_gif>
Margaret: <file_gif>
Summary: Catherine and Margaret will meet on the weekend to go to the mall, do nails and eat healthy lunch. They both keep ordering clothes online but most of the time they don't fit.
Dialogue: Delfina: Can you imagine what he just did!
Tera: What happened!
Delfina: We were supposed to go to a spa for a weekend and now, two days before, he says he won’t go!
Tera: But why
Delfina: He wouldn’t say, mentioned sth about work!
Tera: Well, it doesn’t look good
Delfina: Yes and what am I supposed to do??
Tera: Go alone, enjoy yourself, and about him… you need to start being suspicious, because it looks bad, it’s not the first time
Delfina: Yes, I think I have to focus on myself now, don’t think it leads to anywhere
Tera: Men will be men…
Summary: Delfina is disappointed with him as he cancelled the spa trip 2 days beforehand. Tera advises she goes alone and enjoys herself. 
Dialogue: Leo: I got a message from the university
Leo: They know I play guitar and that we have a band
Leo: They're askin if we want to play during some event that the univ is organizing next month. Some guest from abroad are expected
Dylan: How much r they payin?
Leo: 300 bucks to share
Theo: For how long we'll have to play?
Leo: About an hour, they said that no more than that
Riley: 300 bucks divided by 4 people makes... 75 for each of us
Riley: Deal, some extra money would be nice
Leo: Fine, I could be in too
Leo: Dylan? Theo?
Theo: Actually... What the hell, it's only an hour and the money's quite good
Theo: And maybe some nice chicks will come around :-)
Leo: You never know haha
Dylan: So I feel I've got no choice
Dylan: I'm with you guys, let the world admire us :-)
Leo: That's the spirit!
Leo: I'll let the univ know we agree, see you guys! :)
Summary: Leo, Dylan, Theo and Riley will play at the university during some event next month, and they'll be paid 300 bucks to share. 
Dialogue: Cheyenne: i'm making lasagna tonight! who wants to come?
Patricia: OMFG lasagna. you must be kidding me
Laney: what happened? :D
Cheyenne: actually, I passed my driver's licence :))
Laney: SHIT CHEY THAT'S AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Patricia: congratulations!!!! what didn't you say anything earlier you sneaky little bitch
Cheyenne: wanted to tell you over lasagna and some wine!!!
Laney: i'm shook. was it hard?
Cheyenne: no, it went great :) i had a good driving day! i didn't believe I could even pass the first time around
Patricia: well, I knew you would :)
Cheyenne: thanks, you're so sweet :)
Laney: ok, in that case, I'm bringing champagne :D
Laney: btw I knew that too :)
Cheyenne: yaaaaaay!
Summary: Cheyenne is making lasagna tonight to celebrate passing her driver's licence. Patricia and Laney congratulate her. Laney is going to bring champagne.
Dialogue: Jake: Send me that pic please!
Tony: What pic?
Jake: You know, the one you took at the top of the mountain! My phone died
Liz: Oh! I want that too!
Tony: one photo, coming up!
Liz: You know, if you have more that you took I'll take those too
Tony: Sure thing
Summary: Tony sends a photo he took at the top of the mountain to Jake and Liz. Liz wants to see more photos Tony took there.
Dialogue: Steve: I've got two tickets for Greenbook
Steve: Wanna go?
Karen: Sure!
Karen: <file_gif>
Steve: Sue says it's amazing
Steve: she laughed all the time
Steve: :D
Karen: Yeah, someone told me the same thing
Karen: Didn't it win Golden Globes or sth?
Steve: Yeah, 3 of them I think!
Karen: Then we'll definitely go, when is it?
Steve: This Thursday at 8
Karen: works for me :)
Steve: Great, I'm glad.
Summary: Steve has got tickets for Greenbook this Thursday at 8. Karen is happy to go with him. 
Dialogue: Ola: What's up in your cart? Ours is horrible :p
Mateusz: Duno, normal. What is going on in yours?
Piotr: A bunch of children just opened FUCKING KEBABS and started eating them
Mateusz: HAHAHAHA
Ola: It stinks so much :(
Summary: Ola's cart is horrible and Mateusz's is normal. It stinks in Piotr's.
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Marisol:  omg congrats!
Carlita: :O
Eunica: I'm so happy for you1
Carlita: <file_gif>
Marisol: how did he propose?
Eunica: when will u get married?
Jackie: when we were walking in a park he dropped on his knee next to this fountain in the Central Park
Marisol: *o*
Carlita: how sweet
Jackie: he told me he wants to share everything what's beautiful with me 
Marisol: awwww
Jackie: he must have carried that ring for a while because I remember him complaining about the weather lately :D
Marisol: it's so sweet he had been waiting
Jackie: we don't know yet when we'll get married but you are all invited ofc
Carlita: PLEASE don't pick June, I'll be in Canada then
Eunica: I hate weddings but I'll make an exception
Marisol: can't wait!
Summary: Jackie is getting married. Marisol, Carlita and Eunica are excited. Carlita is in Canada in June. Eunica doesn't like weddings but she will come.
