Dialogue: Becky: Hey! I just finished watching Stranger Things
Jake: Finally! What do you think?
Becky: Uhm...
Jake: Oh no, don't tell me
Becky: I'm sorry Jake but I didn't like it
Jake: But have you watched the whole thing?
Becky: You mean both seasons? No
Jake: Why? Watch it until the end
Becky: I started the second season, but it's even worse, really
Becky: I agree it's really well done and all, but I think it's not for me
Jake: Are you kidding me? It's awesome! The atmosphere, the vibe, music, actors, story
Becky: Idk Jake, I think it's maybe the kids? I can't relate to them, I'd rather watch something with adults, I can't care about the adventures of teenagers or children even
Jake: I don't think it matters that much, the story's great
Becky: Maybe, I just don't feel, I barely watched the first season
Summary: Becky didn't like Stranger Things.
Dialogue: Alba: I’m sitting in the train
Alba: Still 1 hour
Norbert: What time did you get on the train?
Alba: At 12
Norbert: That’s a long ride
Alba: I should arrive at six
Alba: It’s a slow train
Alba: It stops in every little village
Norbert: Why didn’t you take the fast one?
Alba: It was sold out
Alba: I could book the fast one for tomorrow
Alba: Or go today with the slow one
Alba: And I didn’t want to spend another night in Lopburi
Summary: Alba should arrive at 6 as she picked the slow train. She didn't want to spend another night in Lopburi and the tickets for the fast one were sold out.
Dialogue: Carter: i just got back home, the plane just landed
Jessica: wow, that a fast flight!!!
Carter: it was
Jessica: sweet!
Carter: hey i just wanted to thank you for your hospitality, it was great to see you and the old gang from high school
Jessica: likewise, you know there's always a place here for you
Carter: i had a great time and i hope we'll all get together again soon!
Jessica: let's do it again next year!!
Carter: why not? that would be awesome
Summary: Carter was visiting Jessica and meeting old friends from high school. He has just gotten back home. They want to meet again next year.
Dialogue: Carolyn: Hey Jeff
Jeff: Hey, I was just about to call you
Carolyn: Yeah, right
Jeff: I was thinking about you all week.
Carolyn: I believe you, really
Jeff: I'm not jerking your chain, can we meet up?
Carolyn: Sure, but first you have to apologize for last time.
Jeff: what did I do?
Carolyn: You know what!
Jeff: Are you talking about the last time we met with my friends for bowling?
Carolyn: YES
Jeff: We didn't do anything!
Carolyn: You were all laughing at me! I may not be the best player, but I didn't deserve that!
Jeff: Ok, you're right. I'm really sorry. I promise I'll never make fun of your playing.
Carolyn: Ok. So what do you want to do?
Jeff: Bowling?
Carolyn: hehe...nice try.
Jeff: I'll call you.
Summary: Jeff was thinking about Carolyn all week. He proposes a meeting. Carolyn is still angry with him because when they last met with his friends for bowling, they were laughing at her playing. Jeff apologizes to Carolyn, he will call her. 
Dialogue: Sue: Happy birthday mum❤
Mum: Thanks darling, your father has treated me to a day at the spa xx
Sue: oh how lovely, where did he come up with that idea I wonder lol
Mum: I knew our plan would work ha ha
Sue: dad is such a pushover xx
Mum: I know but I love him the more for it xx 
Sue: ahh you two xxx
Summary: Sue sends birthday wishes to her mum. Sue's father bought Sue's mum a day at the spa as a present. Sue's mum expected she would get it. Sue thinks that her dad is easy to manipulate. Sue's mum agrees with that.
Dialogue: Skipper: did you get any funny msgs 2day?
Petunia: funny haha? 
Skipper: no Petty, funny like wtf is that?
Jefferson: like send this message to 8 people or devil will eat your brains?
Skipper: yeah kinda. i got 3 of them
Devon: me too. with att. some fing virus i guess
Skipper: i thought so. deleted
Devon: yeah, me too
Petunia: thx guys i'll be careful
Jefferson: yeah, i guess i;ll send the warning to 8 diff ppl right?
Skipper: lol
Summary: Skipper got 3 funny viral messages today and deleted them because they can have a virus. 
Dialogue: Brenda: OMG IT IS SO COLD!!!!
Horace: Yahhhh.....
Brenda: How many months until summer?
Horace: Too many.
Brenda: You are no help!
Horace: Just the truth!
Brenda: I need some tea or something.
Horace: You know where it is...
Brenda: You're all heart.
Horace: Yep. Got my own tasty beverage.
Brenda: Already? It's only 4!
Horace: Who's counting? It's the weekend!
Brenda: No it's not! It's Wednesday!
Horace: Oh, could have sworn it was the weekend.
Brenda: You are really something.
Horace: Yep!
Brenda: Have fun, you lush.
Summary: Brenda is cold. Brenda wants to have tea. Horace thought it was the weekend, but it's Wednesday. Horace is having a drink. 
Dialogue: Lisa: I think there is an animal in the roof above the kitchen!!!
Paul: ???
Lisa: something is scratching away up there!!!! its really freaky!
Paul: Are you sure it is an animal?
Lisa: No, it could be a small child as well. Or an alien.
Lisa: OF COURSE I'm sure!! what else????
Paul: Sorry, just checking!
Lisa: Well I wouldnt text you if it rains would I?!?
Paul: So how are you gonna get it out?
Lisa: I don't know!! How did it even get in there?!?
Paul: There is that birds nest, maybe they got in there?
Lisa: I guess so, can you not come over, I'm freaking out here!!!! 
Lisa: It's still scratching, what if it comes throught he ceiling? what if its a rat?!?
Paul: I'm not coming over if its a rat!!! 
Lisa: Stop messing about, please COME AND HELP ME!!
Paul: Well what do you expect me to do about it? Just go to bed, it'll be gone in the morning!
Lisa: I can't sleep like this!!!!! what if there are loads and they wanna come in?!?
Paul: Fine, whatever, I'll come over. It'll be half an hour though, I need pack if I'm staying over
Lisa: OMG what am I going to do for half an hour on my own!?
Paul: Barricade the kitchen doors and watch tv, I'll be there soon
Lisa: HURRY UP!!!!
Paul: Packing now, I'll be over. Chillax ok?
Lisa: I'm barricading the door and bringing the wine.
Paul: Good idea
Summary: Lisa is horrified because there is some animal above the kitchen celiling. She will barricade the door, bring wine and wait till Paul will come over.
Dialogue: Olivia: hahaha, I've just heard on the radio about an ecstasy pill found in a chicken wrap
Jack: hahaha, where?
Olivia: here, in NY
Olivia: the funniest it that it was found by a child who thought it was a candy
Jack: gosh, that's actually quite scary
Olivia: of course it is, a crazy idea
Jack: did they track the producer?
Olivia: yes, it was a little bar 
Olivia: they also found more pills there
Jack: workers or a manager?
Olivia: apparently the manager of the place
Olivia: probably she was drugged up
Jack: you think it was a joke?
Olivia: could have been
Olivia: because how can you drop an ecstasy pill into a chicken wrap, right?
Jack: yup. probably they found it funny
Olivia: it would be funny, if was not dangerous
Jack: true
Olivia: anyway, I'm coming back to work
Jack: me too
Summary: A child in New York found an ecstasy pill in a chicken wrap ordered in a small bar, the manager of which was probably drugged up.
Dialogue: Noah: can we please start over
Emma: ask me again.....in latin.....
Emma: or french may be....
Emma: cause no matter what you do...my answer will be the same
Noah: is it really that easy for you ?
Emma: it is now....
Noah: in that case
Noah: i wont even try to hold onto you
Noah: bye
Summary: Emma doesn't want to change her mind. Noah won't try to hold onto her.
Dialogue: Marty: Wild stuff? Sounds intriguing!
Chris: Please do tell more!
Bernie: Ok. We'll go out, go to the pub, drink some more and see where the night takes us. 
Marty: My kind of party!
Chris: Wife's gonna be so pissed :p
Summary: Marty, Chris and Bernie are going to have a wild night out.
Dialogue: Bob: Do you like chicken?
Daisy: I can't eat meat, sorry.
Bob: Fish then?
Daisy: Yes, fish is okay.
Bob: Got it. Come around at 7.
Summary: Daisy can't eat meat but she can have fish. Bob is seeing Daisy at 7.
Dialogue: Muriel: <file_photo>  Jennifer already in the visible world! Since about 5 am. All healthy though not too big.
Carola: Hurray! My congrats to Aga! Wish them all the best from me!
Muriel: Aga still in one piece. It's Cathreen and Jacob's daughter. :)
Carola: Ah! So Jacob's become a father ahead of his big brother.
Muriel: At least here he's ahead of Matthew. ;)
Carola: When is Aga due?
Muriel: If it's on term, Adam will be coming this Sunday.
Carola: Easy then. When RU flying to Notts?
Muriel: Tomorrow.
Muriel: So happy I've been here when Jennifer came!
Carola: How long RU staying in Notts?
Muriel: Till 22. Wanna help them with the twins now. She's so big, can hardly move :)
Carola: Lawrie is no much help I guess.
Muriel: Not practically. But he's very supportive. He'll be again with her during labour.
Carola: Waterbirth again?
Muriel: Sure. Nothing else considered. And the same midwife as with the twins!
Carola: Send me some pics pls. In fact know nothing about it.
Muriel: Watch some videos on YouTube then. It IS beautiful! And hardly any pain! Aga was so happy giving birth to the twins. We're all weeping with joy. So moving! Just beautiful.
Carola: I will. Quite curious. So Aga is fit and happy?
Muriel: Heard nothing to the contrary. I'll tell you more when I'm there. I'll send you photos.
Carola: Ta! So have a good flight!
Muriel: Take care Caro!
Summary: Cathreen gave birth in the early morning. Aga is probably giving birth this Sunday. Muriel is flying to Notts tomorrow to help Aga and Matthew with the twins. 
Dialogue: Hayley: Will you tell me at last?
Rodrigo: Tell what?
Hayley: Where were you last night?
Rodrigo: Anywhere, I was sleeping in my cabinet
Hayley: No you didn’t, I checked, you were not there
Rodrigo: I went for a walk, leave me alone
Summary: Hayley wants to know where Rodrigo was last night.
Dialogue: Albert: Did you get the decision?
Kermit: Not yet
Albert: Maan it sucks youve been waiting forever
Kermit: You know how it is, the court always has time
Albert: Fingers crossed so that everything will be fine
Kermit: Yea I hope that too. I just want to see my girls
Albert: Sure thing bro
Kermit: I know I fucked up but I really worked hard and I changed
Albert: I know that, hope they’ll see that too
Summary: Kermit is still waiting for the court's decision. He is aware he has fucked up, but he worked hard and he's changed.
Dialogue: Taylor: Gr8! It's a date!
Valerie: W8! A date?!
Taylor: It's just an expression. Don't worry about it.
Valerie: Oh :(
Taylor: Y so sad?
Valerie: I actually thought it would be a date
Taylor: Rly? Do you want it 2 be a date?
Valerie: Idk.
Taylor: Sure u do. ;)
Valerie: WFM :)
Taylor: OTOH y not ;) the concert starts at 9 p.m., so a drink at 7:30?
Valerie: Sounds nice.
Taylor: Technical question: Do we have to dress up nicely?
Valerie: What do u mean?
Taylor: Suit and tie?
Valerie: Nah! Concert, remember? ;)
Taylor: That's gr8 :)
Valerie: CU there :)
Summary: Taylor and Valerie are going for a date at 7:30 and then to the concert at 9 p.m.
Dialogue: Christina: fml
Dana: what happened?
Roxy: sup
Christina: it was just the worst day.. :(
Roxy: Tell us
Christina: My boss yelled at me when I arrived, because he seems to think there's something wrong with the reports from last week (and trust me the whole team triple-checked everything, so there can't be anything possibly wrong with them).
Dana: Poor thing ;(
Christina: I had this fucking headache the whole day after that. Then I got my period.
Christina: Then I missed the bus and there was some accident on the way so the next one came 40 fucking minutes later...
Roxy: Damn..
Dana: so sorry...
Christina: And then when I came back, just as a cherry on top, my landlord kicked me out of the apartment <file_gif>
Roxy: wtf
Dana: What??? omg do you have a place to stay?
Christina: to be precise I have a month to vacate the apartment, so it's not like he kicked me out effective immediately
Dana: phew...
Christina: but still, after such a shitty day, to hear you have to find something new, after just 6 months it's just aaaarrrghhh!
Roxy: Do you have any ideas where to look?
Christina: there are some portals, but apartment hunting in this city is not easy...
Dana: I'm sure you'll find something ;*
Christina: Girls, I'm sorry, I'm just here bitching and whining, but I just needed to get this off my chest
Dana: no worries, honey
Roxy: Whenever you feel like bitching, we're here for you. And if you want to meet in person, I'm sure we can figure something out.
Christina: Thank you, gals ;*
Dana: sending virtual hugs <file_gif>
Roxy: <file_gif>
Summary: Christina had a bad day - her boss yelled at her, she had a headache, got her period, missed a bus, and was kicked out of the apartment by a landlord.
Dialogue: Leah: someone should get this for mom, I know she wants jewelry 
Rebekah: I already got her a loft pj set
Kristle: Cute!
Leah: I already got her something too lmao
Kristle: Lemme think idk what im getting her
Rebekah: what did you get her Leah?
Rebekah: does anyone remember that app where u post a pic and people go find where to buy it, its driving me crazy 
Kristle: I think its liketoknowit or... theres one other one lemme think 
Rebekah: the other one is the one I used to use 
Kristle: agh what is it...
Rebekah: im confused by the app u showed me lol im more confused by the fact that those shows are everywhere online and I can't find them
Kristle: I hate when that happens :( postmark does that to me all the time 
Kristle: is it lyst? yes they re cute
Rebekah: no thats something else
Kristle: found them lol
Rebekah: WHF HOW
Kristle: cuz im a queen haha
Summary: Leah and Rebekah got gifts for mom. Kristie will probably buy some jewelry through the app. 
Dialogue: Jeremy: I'm bored!
Alan: so you decided to bother me?
Jeremy: always better than doing nothing
Jeremy: you're busy?
Alan: kinda
Alan: I'm going out in the evening so I need to prepare
Jeremy: a date?
Alan: no, just a meeting with some old school friends
Jeremy: lucky you!
Alan: not so sure, I don't have much in common with them anymore
Jeremy: why are you going then?
Alan: already missed one of those gatherings
Alan: people will start to thing that I'm avoiding them
Jeremy: wouldn't that be the truth?
Alan: maybe
Alan: doesn't mean that they need to know that :P
Summary: Alan doesn't have time for Jeremy. He needs to prepare for an evening, because he's going out with his old school friends. 
Dialogue: Anton: Hello, i can offer you a room  with private bathroom . Don't hesitate to contact me
Clem: Hi sir, i'm interested. What is the price for  the room?
Anton: hello Clem, i offer you the  room for 400 zlotys a  month. You have shared access to the kitchen and the  laundry
Clem: Is internet included in the price?
Anton: yes of course, you have free internet.
Clem: Could you tell me if there are some buses or tram around?
Anton: The room is very well located at 2 minutes from buses and trams
Clem: How is the area?
Anton: the area is very quiet and  safe. You're not far from  the very center, where you can find all facilities for students
Clem: That's sound good. Can i come and visit it?
Anton: the room would  be available only next week at the beginning of march. 
Clem: I was in Warsaw  only these week in order to find accomodation for march.
Anton: I send you some pictures
Anton: <file_photo>, <file_photo>
Clem: thanks a lot. It's very nice. I'd be very pleased to live there.
Anton: Previous students were very happy here. They enjoyed their stay in Poland
Clem: Do you think  I could talk to them about it?
Anton: I may ask the actual student to get in touch  with  you but no, i cannot give their mails. Hope you understand
Clem: thanks. Let me think about it
Anton: No problem
Clem: Hello  sir, i  come back to you about the room, i'd like to rent it.
Anton: Hello  Clem, i'm sorry, but some one already ask me for the room . I wish you good luck for your search and a good stay in Poland
Clem: thank you
Summary: Anton has a room in Warsaw to offer. The rent is 400 PLN a month. Clem isn't sure whether he will take it. When he writes to Anton the second time, the room is no longer available.  
Dialogue: Felix: Could you kindly confirm your arrival?
Gabriel: Hello, I will be there :)
Felix: Thank you.
Gabriel: See you soon.
Summary: Gabriel confirms his arrival to Felix.
Dialogue: Harrison: Bro. Which is you favourite Avenger.
Mike: The Black Panther is the gaffer.
Harrison: Haha. Because he has the African Accent?
Mike: No man! his moves are just top class.
Mike: I am starting to wonder who is yours
Harrison: I will go for Captain America who looks more realistic but lethal
Mike: Alright🙄
Summary: Mike's favourite Avenger is the Black Panther. Harrison's - Captain America.
Dialogue: OJ: So anyone going to Walmart? 
OJ: I need to get some stuff
Jean: hmm I don't think I need anything thanks! 
OJ: I don't feel like going by myself
Benjamin: I need some cranberry juice 
Benjamin: OJ can you drive? 
OJ: Yeah I have my car here? 
Benjamin: When do you wanna go? 
OJ: Like in an hour? I might shower first 
OJ: Feeling greasy 
Benjamin: Eww
Benjamin: Bro haha
Jean: Last nights party was rough eh 🤓 🤓 
OJ: You bet it was 😂😂
Summary: OJ and Benjamin are going to Walmart in an hour.
Dialogue: Julia: Emergency, we really need a plumber ASAP. Peter and I can't deal with it
Adrian: What is the problem Julia?
Julia: <file_video> All day long… And this toilet doesn't seem to have any kind of valve.
Adrian: It did have, we checked it all when we first took over the house in Jan, so something has mysteriously gone! I have a plumber coming out, but he will only be able to stop the flow tonight before getting parts tomorrow. Steve will arrive later.
Julia: Can you tell me where the valve might be hidden? I'm not a toilet master…
Adrian: No, haven't got a clue. The plumber will sort it.
Julia: Ok, sorry. We don't want to create problems all the time.
Summary: The toilet is broken and Julia needs help. A plumber will come and stop the flow tonight and finish the repairs tomorrow.
Dialogue: Paula: Oliver, why don’t you ever answer your bloody phone?
Paula: I need to talk to you NOW!
Paula: Call me! I have something really brilliant to tell you. I don’t want to announce it on a computer
Oliver: I’m back! Sorry Paula, I’ve been busy. What’s the news?
Paula: Call me, please
Oliver: Ok, I’m calling
Paula: Okay!
Summary: Oliver is calling to Paula as she needs to talk to him.
