Dialogue: Perry: I am looking for someone working in EY
Josh: I know a guy, why?
Perry: I need a way in, sorta
Josh: I don't understand, why?
Perry: ahah jk, I need to know how is it to work there
Josh: Oh, well, he has junior position, so he won't tell you much, but some starters
Perry: sounds perfect, I would start there too
Josh: I'll tell him to reach out to you
Perry: thanks
Summary: Perry wants to work in EY. Josh knows a guy who has a junior position there and can share his experiences with Perry.
Dialogue: Henry:  Who was the girl with whom you were at the club yesterday? Nice chick 
Mark: She is my new boss! It was business meeting.
Henry: Sure…
Mark: That’s true. Ian left us last month and Susana took his place.
Henry: I wish to have such hot boss!
Mark: You’re fool bro!
Henry: No, I’m just jealous 
Summary: Mark had a business meeting with his new boss Susana at the club yesterday. Henry wishes he had such a hot boss. 
Dialogue: Anna: I fucking hate my life!
Jen: What happened?
Anna: Jim is being a dick again. He won't let me go out.
Jen: Why not?
Anna: He says that I am always demanding and insist on getting my own away and he will not put up with it any longer.
Jen: Has he at least paid the bills and rent?
Anna: Are you kidding. He expects me to do it cause it is my house.
Jen: But he's living there for free. You're working 3 jobs while he sits there and watches TV.
Anna: and complains about what's for dinner.
Jen: Yeah exactly. He's a fucking parasite. Get rid of him!
Anna: But I need him for the heavy work around the property that I can't do myself.
Jen: Like what?
Anna: Like chopping the firewood. I can't do it on my own.
Anna: It's the only way to heat this house and without the wood I'd freeze in winter.
Jen: So you're keeping a nasty parasite around for firewood? You gotta ask yourself is it worth it?
Anna: Yeah I keep on asking myself this question.
Jen: You can always get a lodger.
Anna: Not with the state of this place.
Jen: Then I really don't know what to say to you. Sounds like you're defending him.
Summary: Anna is angry at Jim. He does not let her go out. He does not pay bills. Anna needs Jim for heavy works around the property. Jen calls Jim a parasite.
Dialogue: Jen: Are you coming back tomorrow?
Ian: no, on Saturday
John: or Sunday, there is no sense to come back on Sat
Ian: we will see
Summary: Ian is coming back on Saturday or on Sunday upon John's comment that there's no sense to come back on Saturday.
Dialogue: George: Do you intend to watch the second season of OWL?
Mark: When does it start?
George: February 14th.
George: They made lots of changes to the stages but with the addition of the new teams it's pretty understandable.
Mark: I guess the hours didn't change much?
George: From what I'm seeing not really.
Mark: That sucks.
George: Well they are still based in the US so the hours are chosen accordingly.
Mark: Doesn't change the fact, that it sucks :P
Mark: For us it basically means that if you want to watch all the matches live, you need to pull an all-nighter.
George: Yeah, last season I basically watched it only on Fridays and Saturdays.
Mark: Still rooting for London?
George: Yeah, there are some new interesting teams but for Europe they only added Paris, and for me UK>France.
George: Besides they won it last time, so it would be weird to switch ;)
Mark: I was tempted to switch after last season disaster.
George: Dynasty?
Mark: Yep and they didn't even make the playoffs, talk about a let down.
Mark: But I will give them one more chance :P
Mark: They did make some roster changes but I'm still worried about the second dps spot.
George: They got new coaching staff so dps might improve.
Mark: I hope so. I never thought I could be so disappointed over a gaming tournament.
George: Times change :P
Mark: Might be true, but one thing seems to be always the same...
George: And that is?
Mark: All the teams I support end up in a slump!
George: Start supporting the ones you want defeated ;)
Mark: That might be an idea...
Mark: Not sure if a good one but an idea nevertheless :P
Summary: George watched the last season of OWL only of Fridays and Saturdays rooting for London. Mark is worried about the second DPS spot and he was disappointed over a gaming tournament. 
Dialogue: Leo: Hi, my name is Leo. I got your number from Jim Smith.
Stan: Yeah, I know Jim. What's it about?
Leo: Well, Jim said you know a lot about horses.
Stan: I guess you can say I have some experience.
Leo: My daughter, Dorothy, rides horses and I'd want to buy her a pony.
Leo: She's got birthday next month. I wonder if you could help?
Stan: I suppose I could give some advice.
Leo: That would be great. I know nothing about it.
Stan: I suggest we meet with Dorothy and make a sort of roadmap.
Leo: Sounds perfect. How about dinner at our place, say Friday?
Stan: I've got some plans for Friday night, I'm afraid. Perhaps the weekend.
Leo: How about Saturday, seven pm?
Stan: Sounds fine. What's the address?
Leo: Hamilton West 305.
Stan: All right. I'll be there.
Summary: Leo needs Stan's advice as he wants to buy a pony for his daughter Dorothy. They'll all meet to discuss it at Leo's place at Hamilton West 305 on Saturday at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Fred: Who needs a heater when you can have a cat? :D
Fred: <file_photo>
Irma: Please send cat. My heater isn't working correctly.
Irma: sos
Irma: help. dying. soo cold. aaahh
Irma: <file_gif>
Fred: <file_photo>
Fred: <file_photo>
Fred: <file_photo>
Fred: That enough photos for you? ;)
Irma: One can never have too many photos of cats :D
Fred: Alas! Tis true :D How are you?
Irma: Cold and dying of frostbite. You?
Fred: Warm and toasty. ;) Got started on my final assessment 
Irma: Great! How's it going? :D
Fred: good! I think it has potential :)
Irma: yeah? :P Wanna give a girl come pointers? ;) I'm still stuck on mine :(
Fred: Have you checked over the reading materials?? I found they really helped me :)
Summary: Fred sent Irma photos of his cat. Fred has started writing his final assessment. He recommends Irma have a look at the reading materials. 
Dialogue: Marie: Si perfumes by armani 30% off
Marie: <file_other>
Carol: omg
Carol: and free shipping
Summary: Marie found a 30% discount on Armani perfumes.
Dialogue: Rebeca: What time the class start
Wendy: 10:15
Rebeca: thans, hope I wont be late
Wendy: hurry up!
Summary: The class starts at 10.15 for Rebecca and Wendy.
Dialogue: Emil: we're already at the festival
Emil: you?
Rosa: still on my way
Rosa: I'll arrive at 3pm
Emil: alright
Rosa: I'm here.
Rosa: where are you guys?
Rosa: hey
Rosa: Can't reach you somehow, I'll try later
Emil: sorry we were doing some siesta :)
Rosa: no worries, I already checked in at the hotel
Rosa: now I'm hanging out at the vendors' zone
Emil: cool, we'll meet you there
Emil: so, we're here, where r u?
Rosa: sorry I moved
Rosa: I'm at the main stage right now
Rosa: where Tundra is playing
Rosa: I'm at the left side
Emil: ok, we're coming, DON'T MOVE!
Summary: Emil is at the festival. Rosa will arrive at 3 PM. Emil is doing some siesta. Rosa checked in at the hotel. She is at the stage where Tundra is playing, on the left side. Emil is coming to her.
Dialogue: Jim: Don't forget to check the tyre pressure when you go to fill up the car today.
Val: Damn... Almost forgot! Thanks for reminding me.
Jim: :-)
Summary: Val will check the tyre pressure, as reminded by Jim.
Dialogue: Benjamin: What will our book club be called?
Ashley: How about B&A Book Club?
Benjamin: Why not A&B?
Ashley: More intriguing that way ;)
Benjamin: Ok, so it's settled! B&A Book Club is up and running ;)
Ashley: W8! Where will we meet?
Benjamin: Meet? I thought it would be an internet project?
Ashley: What? No, we have to meet up from time to time. That's the whole point!
Benjamin: Suppose ur right. So, where?
Ashley: Maybe first meeting ur place, next mine and then back again?
Benjamin: Sounds fair. How do we get new members? ;)
Ashley: Facebook page?
Benjamin: Cool! I'll get on it right away!
Ashley: What book will go first?
Benjamin: That's a tough question!
Ashley: Ik.
Summary: Benjamin and Ashley's bookclub will be called B&A Bookclub. They have arranged the first meeting at Benjamin's place. They will make a facebook page to get new members.
Dialogue: Brian: exiting news!
Brian: I just read that Dreamcatcher is making a comeback at the end of this month
Randy: sweet, can't wait
Randy: do you know anything else about it?
Brian: not really, I didn't check the details
Randy: why?
Brian: I'm not a huge fan of teasers, so usually I'm waiting for the whole song to be released
Randy: it doesn't bother me at all
Brian: you can always check it by yourself
Randy: I probably will, I guess I'm not patient enough :)
Randy: besides I need to know if they're sticking with the same concept
Randy: after all that's the main reason I like them so much
Brian: I hope so
Brian: that's what makes them so unique
Randy: honestly they deserve more recognition
Brian: no doubt about it
Brian: and I think they're slowly building a dedicated fanbase
Randy: me and you? :P
Brian: there's more then two of us ;)
Randy: I know
Summary: The band Dreamcatcher are making a comeback at the end of this month. Randy and Brian are fans of them.
Dialogue: Keith: The lecture room has changed from 102 to 210 today.(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Jesse: Where did you hear that? I couldn’t get messages from the school office?エェェ(´д｀)ェェエ
Keith: I don’t know. Suji sent me text. 
Jesse: Then where did Suji get this news from? エェェ(´д｀)ェェエ
Keith: I don’t know. The office always works like that.(ﾟдﾟ)
Summary: Keith learnt from Suji that the lecture room was switched from 102 to 210.
Dialogue: Brenda: Hey, is it ok if I arrive a little bit late today?
Dave: Sure, how late?
Brenda: Well i'm leaving now, so I'll probably be about 30mins
Dave: Grand, I'm here already
Dave: Can you bring those sheets with you?
Brenda: Which ones? From the last day?
Dave: No, from Tuesday. The ones with the homework.
Brenda: GImme a second i'll see if I have them.
Brenda: Pages 56 and 57 was it?
Dave: And 58 too
Brenda: Perfect
Brenda: Anything else I need to bring?
Dave: No, just that
Dave: I'm here now anyway
Dave: Ring the bell when you arrive
Dave: My phone might die
Brenda: Cool leaving now
Brenda: Be there in 20
Dave: See you soon
Summary: Brenda is going to arrive 30 minutes late for the meeting with Dave. Brenda will take sheets with homework for Dave. She will take pages 56, 57 and 58.
Dialogue: Esme: Did I tell you what happened last weekend?
Summer: Not really.
Summer: I mean you mentioned you went to visit Jason and there was a party
Esme: Exactly
Esme: He was having a party and he didn’t even invite me
Esme: How sick is that
Esme: The entire band was there
Esme: Robert, Tom, Amy and Steve
Esme: But he didn’t even bother to invite his girlfriend…
Summer: That’s crazy
Summer: Why would he do that?
Esme: I don’t know.
Esme: I got so furious. I broke all of his plates. 
Summary: Esme is furious about Jason not inviting her to the party. Summer can't understand his behavior.
Dialogue: Freddie: Do you have an iPhone charger?
Sam: Yes
Freddie: Great! My battery is dying 
Sam: Come to my office. 
Summary: Sam has an iPhone charger. Freddie's battery is dying, so he will come to Sam's office for the charger. 
Dialogue: Alex: Hey, are you free for a phone chat?
Agnes: I'm with the lawyer
Anna: I'm at the shops
Alex: Ok, let me know when you're free
Anna: ok
Summary: Alex wants to chat with Agnes and Anna on the phone. Agnes is with a lawyer and Anna is at the shops. They will let Alex know when they're free. 
Dialogue: Alex: You’re not worth my presence. Can you actually cook?
Jane: I can microwave, put a frozen pizza in the oven, cook pasta and rice (sometimes). Oh, and potatoes! You should like potatoes, you’re British.
Alex: So you can’t cook.
Jane: I’m Kebab Princess. I don’t care about cooking. 
Alex: Kebab Peasant, you mean.
Jane: What a moron. Kebab is salad. And it makes people happy.
Alex: Get kebab as a tattoo, please
Jane: Nono, I prefer tribal patterns. A medium-size tribal tattoo, two fingers above my bottom
Alex: That’s called a tramp stamp
Jane: Good to know. I'll teach my children.
Alex: You can’t cook and you’re about to get a tramp stamp. You’re not going to be a good mommy. 
Jane: Ok. Pay me a compliment or else I’m breaking up with you.
Alex: You have nice friends.
Jane: What? You didn’t…
Alex: I tried, but there is nothing good about you, sorry.
Jane: I can carve a heart on a potato for you. Is it enough for you to love me?
Alex: Yes, ok. We can make a deal. I want the potato and the left side of the bed.
Jane: Pfft. Forget. I don’t need your love.
Alex: First you try to seduce me with a potato, and now you pretend you’re not needy. I don’t get you.
Summary: Alex says Jane can't cook very well, she only knows how to make basic foods. She won't be a good mummy. Jane threatens to break up with Alex, unless he tells her a compliment. Alex can only say that she has good friends, and not much else. She offers to carve a heart on a potato for Alex.
Dialogue: Hilary: Can you pick up Sean?
Bill: let me check 
Bill: I have to move a meeting to pick him up
Hilary: Is it very imp cuz I don't have anyone else to ask
Bill: it's not a problem I'll pick him up
Hilary: thanks
Summary: Bill will pick up Sean on Hilary's request.
Dialogue: Geoff: Will you bring in the report Steve gave on emerging trends?
Sara: Sure, right away.
Geoff: And a coffee?
Sara: Already got it!
Summary: Sara will bring Geoff Steve's report on emerging trends and a coffee.
Dialogue: Rory: <file_photo> Does anyone know how to fix it?
Ed: Where are the screws to attach the faceplate to the base?
Rory: I just took it off…
Ed: Has the cord snapped or just been pulled out?
Rory: The cord is broken. But we think it was tied.
Ed: Well my guess is that it should be easy to replace then. I don't know much about electrical things though, should we ask Nedd to fix this one Greg? Or is it easy enough that it's just a case of retying it?
Rory: We’ve just found the mechanism. It looks weird and we don’t know how to fix it. Thanks Ed! It can wait until tomorrow, I guess.
Greg: Ed call the CPS, please. They are responsible for the property.
Summary: Rory does not know how to fix it. Ed will call the CPS because the issue lies within their responsibilities.
Dialogue: Michael: Where should we meet?
Ann: Is the Irish pub good for you?
Michael: I really hate the place.
Ann: Why? Some natives, good beer.
Michael: It's just so fake.
Ann: But there is not much choice in this town, you know it.
Michael: I know, but I would already prefer a proper Irish trattoria. 
Ann: Do you know any good one?
Michael: The one down my street?
Ann: Is there any?
Michael: They have good food, and some decent wine.
Ann: Ok, I don't care so much about the place. You're the one always complaining.
Michael: Sorry. I promise you will like it.
Ann: We will see ;) See you later.
Michael: see you
Summary: Ann suggests to meet Michael in the Irish Pub. Michael hates that place and suggests to go to an Irish trattoria placed at the street he lives instead.
Dialogue: Chris: Hey people. Ann’s birthday is coming up, so we have to brainstorm what to get her. 
Kate: Hey, nice idea. What’s on your mind?
Chris: I thought of a watch, jewelery, or a ticket to watch Formula 1 race in Hungary. Any thoughts people?
Heather: Is she really a motorsports fan though? I didn’t know that.
Damian: I am fine with whatever you choose. Just let me know about financial contribution.
Chris: Yes, she is. We’ve been watching every race for the last 5 years together. Watching it live might be just what she wants. 
Kate: Yeah, sounds like a perfect idea. You got my vote.
Mary: Hey, people. Sorry for joining late. I think she might like jewelery better, though. I have some discount cards if you like.
Chris: Yeah, but I guess it’s hard to find jewelery, that she might find perfect. She’s quite picky.
Kate: Right Chris, she’s got an elaborate style. Let’s go with the ticket. Everybody is okay with that choice?
Mary: If you say so, I’m okay with it. 
Heather: Fine with me.
Chris: Okay, so I will buy the ticket and send you my account numer in a few days. Thank you guys!
Summary: Chris will buy a ticket for Formula 1 race in Hungary for Ann's birthday.
Dialogue: Louie: Sorry, I'll be late:( 
Louie: Got stuck in traffic
Leon: Im almost there. Ok, will wait.
Leon: what time you coming?
Louie: about 7?
Isadora: ok, we'll look for a table. Im there already. See ya!
Summary: Louie will be late as he got stuck in traffic. Leon is almost there. Isadora is already there and will look for a table.
Dialogue: Terry: Hi Sara!
Terry: I'm sorry, but I won't come tomorrow, I'm ill. 
Sara: Hi!
Sara: Sorry to hear that.
Sara: Of course, I understand. 
Sara: Take good care of yourself!
Sara: Do you have everything you need? 
Terry: Yes, I'm okey, I have good neighbours. Just need a few days of rest. 
Sara: I see. Get well soon!
Terry: Thank you & have fun tomorrow!
Sara: We will! :D 
Summary: Terry won't come tomorrow as she is ill. Terry has good neighbors.
Dialogue: Paul: how is the work going today?
Zac: it's horrible, nobody is working here
Edward: same. I don't see the point of working on 31 of December
Edward: people only pretend they work
Zac: everybody is waiting till 3pm to run away
Paul: I know, a completely useless day
Paul: so you're finding at 3?
Zac: yes
Paul: I have to stay till 5. So stupid
Summary: Paul, Zac and Edward are working on the 31st of December. All consider this workday unproductive. Zac gets off work at 3. Paul has to stay until 5.
Dialogue: Helen: Jessica, R U there?
Jessica: No doubt about it
Jessica: I'm bored as fuck
Helen: Me and Patricia are playing tennis outside, wanna play?
Jessica: Sure, still better than nothing. I'll find some shoes and come
Helen: Fine
Summary: Jessica is joining Helen and Patricia who are playing tennis outside.
Dialogue: Lucas: <file_video>
Tom: Nice
Lucas: Oh sorry guys
Lucas: This video was supposed to be for Trudy only
Trudy: Thank you, that's sweet
Tom: Nice birthday wishes
Amanda: You look good Lucas
Lucas: I'm sorry, I haven't slept in 2 days
Lucas: Too tired
Trudy: I don't mind. It's a nice video. Thank you! 
Summary: Tom and Amanda compliment the video with birthday wishes that Lucas dedicated to Trudy on her birthday.
Dialogue: Nick: Opinions required! Gas or induction hob?
Ben: Having lived with an induction hob for a while, i’m not convinced.. 
Ruth: induction- very sleek and quick to boil!
Ben: but it doesn’t maintain a constant temperature! Is it typical of all induction or i just got an old one?
Ruth: they pulse if use don’t use proper pans
Ben: what do you mean proper? Do you mean better+heavier?
Ruth: yeah, simply suitable
Ben: and i guess i have to learn how to use it..
Ruth: yeah, it’s just different comparing to gas
Christian: gas, absolutely without a question- nothing else gives you the control!
Nick: I’m definitely more interested in a controllable consistent heat
Mary: with induction it’s like on and off so you have to regulate temperature.. 
Kate: induction- yes, gas- no cause it takes ages to boil water!
Tim: you can always use an electric kettle you know?
Kate: haha! Not funny!
Kate: it’s easier to clean as well.
Harry: I’d go for induction cause it keeps the temp after you finish cooking so the food is still warm 
Tom: Induction! 100%
Susan: our induction was terrible! I think it’s common!
Emma: another vote for induction here! 
Ruth: All chefs seem to say gas!
Tom: I sell more induction hobs then gas! It’s getting popular and i can see why!
Emma: we got ours from the John Lewis outlet so it was ex display and therefore very affordable!
Nick: cheer guys for all your opinions! Great talk! I think i’ll go for.. Induction.
Summary: Nick needs opinions what is better - gas or induction hob. Ben isn't convinced with the induction hob, Ruth, Tom, Harry, Emma and Kate are for the induction, and Christian is for the gas.
Dialogue: Micah: did you get my message?
Jayden: no, what's up?
Micah: aunt Maria is in the hospital, she had a stroke
Jayden: oh no, i'll call u in a minute, ok?
Micah: ok
Summary: Aunt Maria is in hospital, she had a stroke. Jayden will call Micah in a minute.
Dialogue: Amanda: Hi there! How's the hotel?
Ben: Hey, sweetheart! Good. Pretty comfy. Thanks for the booking.
Amanda: Pleased to please you :-)
Ben: I'll need your help with flights next month. It's going to be hectic.
Amanda: No problem. That's my job. Send me your schedule in whatever form. Even a photo will do. And I'll handle everything.
Ben: Everything? Really?
Amanda: I mean: the flights, transfers, hotels, taxis. Don't take advantage of me! Lunches, coffee and love letters to your wife are your thing. I'm not going to make them for you :-)
Ben: Especially the love letters :-)
Amanda: Ok. So your best with the Japanese guys.
Ben: I will. Have a good day, sweetheart!
Amanda: You too 
Summary: Amanda will help Ben to sort out his travel next month. Ben will send Amanda his schedule.
Dialogue: Chris: Does she have any idea how horrible she looks in that color?
Faye: No mirror, apparently.
Chris: Yikes.
Summary: She doesn't know how horrible she looks because she doesn't have a mirror.
Dialogue: Cheryl: Are you going with us to Scotland in May?
Ross: We want to go by car this time
Ross: for about two weeks
Kirsty: amazing idea, I'd love to very much
Kirsty: but won't it be too cold still?
Ross: we won't camp this time
Neil: so hotels?
Ross: or airbnb, something like this
Neil: which will make the whole thing more expensive
Ross: May is still before the season
Neil: maybe you're right
Kirsty: I'll join you for sure
Neil: I think me too
Summary: Cheryl and Ross want to go to Scotland in May, Kirsty will join them.
