Dialogue: Monika: say hi to your new Facebook friend, Monika
Keith: Hi, Monika.
Monika: Hello. Do I know you from somewhere?
Keith: Yes, you remember, I am Sophie's dad. Our kids were friends at school. 
Monika: Sophie from England?
Keith: That's right, you do remember.
Monika: I remember your Sophie punching my Paweł in the face, and me complaining to the school about it. How is she, anyway? Has she managed to stay out of prison?
Keith: Yes, she is in Croatia now, for the holiday. She only punched him in the face because he was hitting her, by the way.
Monika: Yes, but he was only hitting her because he liked her. But when she punched him back she broke his glasses, and you refused to pay for a new pair.
Keith: That's right! So glad you remember us.
Summary: Keith and Monika reminisced the incident that their children were involved in. Monika's son was punched by Keith's daughter.
Dialogue: Jane: You'll never guess what happened!
Francis: No, I probably won't :D
Jane: Funny :P Listen up
Jane: I had a terrible day, so I decided to leave early. Of course, my favourite street was blocked, because there was an accident, so I had to take a detour.
Jane: The neighbourhood is not exactly nice so the street filled with grumpy people and garbage.
Francis: Sounds really dramatic.
Jane: funny much ;P Listen. I had a headache so I decided to pass on the music and thank god I did! Because otherwise I wouldn't have found this:
Jane: <file_photo>
Francis: OMG JANE!
Francis: That's a freaking cat!
Jane: No, better - it's a kitten! :D
Francis: Ok, it's cute. You sure it doesn't belong to anyone? Maybe it ran away?
Jane: Nope, I took him from the street, all dirty and kinda gross. I asked around, but no luck. So I took him.
Jane: Therefore, Francis, meet Charles :)
Francis: Charles? hahahaha
Francis: Guess I should pay you a visit, before he grows old and grumpy :P
Summary: Jane had to take a different route home because of an accident and found a kitten. She named him Charles. Francis wants to see the kitten soon.
Dialogue: Edward: How's Hans? You said you'd call.
Jammy: Was about to. Give me 20 more mins.
Edward: OK
Summary: Jammy will call Edward in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Joona: Hey you two wonderful people, like I said to Kamil already let me know if there's something that you really, really want to do once you're in NY
Kamil: I am getting panicked before Boston
Kamil: so I just want to survive it first
Kamil: but then maybe some art Moma, ESB, maybe ellis island? the statue? but maybe you have some suggestions?
Kamil: oh, and the famous beach place?
Kamil: Anca? any ideas?
Kamil: but we don't need to see all at once. We also need hints how to do it all cheaply 😂
Joona: Coney Island? The beach with the amusement park? It's cool, it's just off-season right now, so it's quite empty and eerie 👻
Joona: Ok, I'll think about cheap possibilities and ideas 🙂 Plus you'll nail Boston! (It's also an awesome city!)
Kamil: i think so!
Kamil: hmm, it's so much to see, but I would also rely on your opinions :) you've been there for a while
Anca: Oh god Joona, how nice to care for us lost people, facing the ultimate metropolis for the first time
Anca: If Kamil is afraid of Boston, I am afraid of being send back by the homeland security, as it happened to me in the UK before taking the Italian citizenship, so I still can't quite believe that I will get to New York 😅
Anca: But, just in case, I would like to do Moma and the empire state building, I am not sure about a show on Broadway. And I would like to see coney island out of season, as you might have noticed already, we like absurd things 😅
Anca: And the Brooklyn Bridge but I don't know, do these things need to be arranged, or one can just go? Moma for example, or the esb?
Joona: Well, maybe planned is a better word for it 😀 Like if you want to see a show on Broadway, queuing for cheap tickets is a special process. And Guggenheim, for example, is pay-what-you-wish on Saturday evenings, Whitney on Friday evenings - MoMA sadly is always the same price but I'll make some kind of list of things 🙂
Anca: So yes, we need some plans!
Anca: Oh thank you 😍 How is the weather? Decent?
Joona: At the moment it's cold and first snow came last week
Anca: In Bucharest as well
Joona: But decent, beats rain
Anca eui: So nothing shocking I suppose
Joona: No, just keep an eye out for the forecast before you leave to Boston as 1) it can change really quickly here 2) Boston can be extremely cold with the wind and all
Anca: So probably colder than NY? Ok, we will try to arrive there prepared
Joona: 😂
Anca: Ok, for now both cities are warmer than Bucharest. But the cold doesn't scare me too much
Kamil: I will buy new shoes😂 but that's great you know when and where are free options!🤩
Kamil: a real NYC-know-how
Joona: What can I say, I'm stingy 😏 and want my free culture 😀
Kamil: perfect! so are we!
Summary: Anca and Kamil are travelling to Boston and New York for holiday and need recommendations. Anca and Kamil are interested in culture and want to see some New York landmarks. Joona recommends some tourist attractions and gives tips on how to get into museums more cheaply.
Dialogue: Josh: yoooooo man, are you at the dorm?
Charles: hey man, yeah, just sittin and chillin
Josh: mind if I come in?
Charles: just get some beer and i'm waiting
Josh: cool, want some?
Charles: a rethorical question :D
Summary: Josh will come over to Charles at the dorm with beer.
Dialogue: Clara: Didn't I tell you that I'm unlucky?
Mia: I can't say that I know what you're talking about.
Clara: Look outside!
Clara: It's raining!
Mia: And? I still have no clue what are you talking about...
Clara: What about our trip?
Mia: What about it?
Clara: I'm sure it will rain tomorrow as well!
Mia: Not according to the weather forecast.
Mia: Besides we can still have a fun trip when it's raining.
Clara: I like when it's sunny, I'm sure it will rain, I told you already that I'm unlucky!
Mia: I'm not sure about unlucky but you're making a case when it comes to annoying...
Summary: Clara and Mila are having a trip tomorrow. Clara is afraid it will be raining although weather forecast does not say so.
Dialogue: Henry: pass me the salt please
Kyle: i'll pass u something else instead -_-
Henry: EVERYTIME xD .. 
Summary: Henry wants Kyle to pass him salt, but Kyle will pass him something else instead. 
Dialogue: Mike: R we meeting at 5 p.m. today?
Paul: Yes
Paul: Don't forget about it!
Paul: I know you
Mike: yes yes
Mike: I'll try :)
Summary: Mike reminds Paul that they are meeting at 5 pm today.
Dialogue: Prudence: Call me back.
Kyle: I can’t talk right now.
Kyle: What is it?
Prudence: I’ll tell you when you call, it’s about Nettie.
Kyle: If you want me to look after her AGAIN then my answer is NO
Prudence: No, it’s not that, calm down!
Kyle: You always leave me with her
Kyle: And what am I supposed to do then
Prudence: It’s not that, I told you, just go back from school and we’ll talk
Kyle: I have tennis after school
Prudence: So call me when you can!!!
Summary: Prudence wants Kyle to call her when he can. It's about Nettie. 
Dialogue: Janet: <photo_file>
Julia: I saw that!!
Janice: Who's that guy??
Janice: Never heard of him
Julia: That's obviously the father
Janice: But where is he from?
Janice: I thought Amy was in a relationship with Brody
Janice: They've been together for over 2 years
Janet: Apparently they are not anymore
Janet: She's pregnant with this other guy
Janet: Mister Mysterious  
Janice: Who is he???
Janice: I'm so curious what happened?
Janice: And what Brody has to say about it
Summary: Amy is not with Brody anymore, she's pregnant with someone else. Janice, Julia and Janet are wondering who the father is.
Dialogue: Jason: Anderson is asking for some discount
Jason: he made two orders
Jason: First 2983$ 
Jason: second 4007$
Jason: Total: 6990$
Jason: Almost like Adam but not that often
Andy: I’ll give him 100$ discount
Jason: Yes ok
Andy: Are you collecting?
Jason: Yes
Jason: He agrees
Andy: Good
Jason: Thanks
Summary: Andy gives Anderson 100$ off discount on his orders.
Dialogue: Wendy: How about eating out tonight?
Wes: I'd love that!
Wendy: Pizza or pasta?
Wes: Pizza!
Wendy: Pizza Hut or our local pizzeria.
Wes: Let's go for it and Pizza Hut :-) We'll have a nice walk home.
Wendy: Great! I'll wait for you near the book store. I need to buy a new coursebook for Linda's Spanish lessons.
Wes: OK. I may have to stay a bit longer at work. Like 30 min. If so, I'll let you know.
Wendy: Thanks. See you :-)
Wes: See you :-)
Summary: Wes and Wendy will eat at Pizza Hut tonight. They'll meet near the book store.
Dialogue: Mary: still at school?
Jane: no, only 2 days a week
Mary: so you're working in your workshop?
Jane: i'm on a sofa.
Mary: not too hard?
Jane: it is, but the result would be great. Look
Jane: <file_photo>
Mary: i love the fabric. I want the same for my armchair
Jane: i found it at Montmartre
Mary: you'd tell me when you'll be ready to do mine
Jane: i'm quite busy and not ready yet.
Mary: i'm sure you are. And I want my curtains too
Jane: later..
Mary: but when? My living room is crying from despair!
Jane: come on. You're not coming before june
Mary: that's why. I'll have to wait another all year
Jane: Send me the measures
Mary: You know that i don't even know how to measure them
Jane: so you have to wait for me to come.
Mary: i can't
Jane: You will
Summary: Jane works on a sofa. Mary wants Jane to help her with redecorating her living room.
Dialogue: Tom: <file_other> read it!
Bridget: gosh, how ghastly
Tom: Yes, but he was also quite stupid the guy
Bridget: True, and very disrespectful toward this people
Tom: They've been living on the island for the last 55 thousand years, completely separated from the world and protected by the Indian state, so he shouldn't have tried to contact them
Bridget: But the tribal tourism seems to by the big thing now
Tom: How stupid. Those people have been aggressive to everybody for the last millennia, so why would they accept anybody now?
Bridget: Especially one trying to "bring Jesus" to them
Tom: exactly, he wanted to be a missionary, or maybe even a martyr
Bridget: God, this kind of things happened hundreds of years ago in Europe. hahah
Tom: But i read today a bit about the Andaman Islands 
Tom: They are kind of paradise with at least a few other tribes that haven't been in touch with the rest of the world for millennia.
Bridget: I know, it's fascinating. But it's also very dangerous for them.
Tom: What do you mean?
Bridget: Think what happened to indigenous population of America after they were contacted by Europeans.
Tom: Conquered you mean
Bridget: Sure, but that's not the point. Europeans brought diseases and things that had been unknown in America, like measles and alcohol. They decimated the indigenous peoples.
Tom: I know, that's why they should have protected.
Bridget: And I believe they have they right to choose to not being contacted by us. Let them be.
Tom: yup. Anyway, I have to come back to work.
Tom: It's always so inspiring to talk to you! Thanks!
Bridget: and vice versa!
Summary: Tom and Brigdet discuss an event involving an isolated island tribe and a man, who tried to contact them, wanting to convert them to Christianity. Bridget thinks outside contact could be dangerous for the people of Andaman Islands. She believes they should have the right to be left alone.
Dialogue: Julius: I heard about your car :/
Julius: My condolences
Fred: Thanks :/
Fred: You know.. Shit happens.
Julius: How bad are the losses?
Fred: Probably the whole front needs repair.
Fred: Lamps, bumper, front tires.
Fred: I'm still waiting for the assessment of the losses.
Julius: Let me know when you learn how bad it is. 
Julius: If there's anything I can do to help you also let me know.
Fred: I could use some company and a bottle of vodka.
Julius: Haha. 
Fred: It wasn't a joke.
Julius: You free tonight?
Fred: Yes I am.
Julius: I'll be at your place at 8 :D
Fred: I'll make some beef then :D
Summary: Fred's car is broken badly. Julius will see Fred at his place at 8 tonight to cheer him up.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you heard about Kate's latest idea?
Mia: What do you mean?
Anna: she wants to open her own gallery?
Mia: Really?
Anna: It's a daring decision, but she has an unusual talent, so why not?
Mia: I think so too.
Summary: Kate wants to open her own gallery.
Dialogue: Gina: I'm thinking about what to do after Cannes
Paul: Hm?
Gina: And we decided to drive to Tuscany
Paul: That was the plan
Gina: What if we take a ferry to Corsica?
Paul: Wouldn't that be much more expnsive?
Gina: Not really! A ferry from Nice to Bastia is like 40 pounds
Paul: Each?
Gina: No! For the both of us and the car
Paul: Wow, good deal
Gina: Right? Then we could stay in some cute little town in the mountains on the island for 2-3 nights
Paul: Let me google that
Gina: And?
Paul: Damn it's beautiful there!! <file_photo>
Gina: <3
Paul: And then how do we leave Corsica?
Gina: there is a ferry again, from Bastia to Livorno, even cheaper cause the route is shorter
Paul: <file_photo>
Gina: Haha I see you really like corsica 
Paul: And the wineries, the wineries Gina!
Gina: I know, I've read about them. Apparently most of the small town produce their own wine
Paul: And you can go from wine tasting to wine tasting
Gina: You're driving though
Paul: NO
Gina: <file_gif>
Paul: :P
Summary: Paul and Gina are going to Corsica by ferry. They are excited about the wineries there.
Dialogue: Neil: Merry Christmas! How was the party last night? Are we still on for breakfast tomorrow?
Saoirse: Yes, sure. Thank you! How was your family meeting?
Neil: It went well, thank you! Would it suit you if I came to get you at 09:00 tomorrow?
Saoirse: 9.00! during holidays! But ok, I can make it.
Summary: Neil and Saoirse are meeting for breakfast tomorrow. Neil will pick Saoirse up at 9:00.
Dialogue: Vivian: going for a walk
Vivian: wanna join?😊
Lorna: A nap is a better idea atm
Lorna: have fun
Vivian: you too 😊
Summary: Vivian offered Lorna a walk but she preferred a nap.
Dialogue: Elia: What u doing?
Mathew: I was just listening "Cinderalla man"
Elia: Which singer?
Mathew: Eminem
Elia: Can you send me the link?
Mathew: <file_link>
Elia: Ty :*
Summary: Mathew sent Elia link to Eminem's "Cinderella man" he was just listening.
Dialogue: Elijah: shoot, tomorrow we're going to the dinner at my parents' house right?
Eliza: yeah, that's right
Elijah: I have totally forgotten that Cindy had birthday yesterday!
Eliza: oops, me too!
Elijah: I've no idea what to give her :(
Eliza: hmm...what about those cups she was so thrilled with the last time?
Summary: Eliza and Elijah are going to the dinner at his parents' house. They have both forgotten that Cindy had birthday yesterday, and Eliza thinks of buying her the cups she was thrilled with last time.
Dialogue: Patrick: I missed my flight
Wildens: Shit!
Jean: Sorry, mate! 
Summary: Patrick missed his flight.
Dialogue: Joanna: Today’s gonna be a long day.. 4 am?!! seriously?!!
Nancy: i know this feeling.. 6 am?!! :(
Ben: up before 6!!! Just 12 hours till bedtime!
Nancy: haha! Love the countdown! :)
Ben: luckily they know how our TV works!
Nancy: lucky you! I had to get up cause they were starving!
Joanna: why can’t they just stay in their rooms playing nicely and quietly as they do before they go to bed
Nancy: they are having a bad day apparently!
Joanna: my kids are moody too. Must be something in the air! Haha!
Summary: Joanna, Nancy and Ben were woken up early by their moody kids. 
Dialogue: Jay: I'll be home around 6 pm to pick them up
Monica: You don't need to hurry, we're having a blast ;)
Monica: <file_photo>
Mary: aw cute! but please tell them we're on our way, unfortunately we can't stay - dog's waiting for his walk
Summary: Jay will be home at around 6pm.
Dialogue: Yann: How's it going?
Poppy: Fine, uncle, how's the kebab business!
Yann: Ticking over, my sweet! You all coming to your cousin's 18th?
Poppy: Oh no! I forgot to RSVP the invitation! Yes, I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Yann: Great! Give your Mama and Pappa my love!
Poppy: Bye, Uncs, see you all on the 20th!
Summary: Yann's kebab business is going fine. Poppy is coming to her cousin's 18th birthday on the 20th.
Dialogue: Meg: Do you want to keep working there?
Theresa: No other options at the moment
Meg: I guess
Meg: I've heard you went to the cinema?
Theresa: Yes, Serce nie sluga
Meg: Ooo, and?
Theresa: A comedy...
Theresa: and I was crying at the end hahah
Meg: :)
Meg: I went to see Kler
Meg: It's very good
Theresa: I've heard. 
Theresa: Sylvia told me
Meg: So you're getting on well with her? 
Theresa: so-so
Theresa: It's a long story
Meg: to be accompanied by a glass of wine
Theresa: at least 5
Meg: LOL
Meg: Hope so!
Summary: Theresa has no other option at the moment, but to keep working there. Theresa went to the cinema for a comedy that made her cry at the end. Meg saw "Kler" and thinks it's very good. Theresa has a complicated relationship with Sylvia.
Dialogue: Dan: omg you guys, you know what I just realized?
Katie: what?
Dan: It's Black Friday tomorrow
Claudia: and?
Dan: I was about to go to the mall to get some new clothes, but I don't wanna get killed over a pair of pants.
Katie: How could you even miss this? The ads are everywhere.
Dan: don't know. I guess I just don't go outside much, surf on the web a lot and use adblock :P
Claudia: I have a billboard screaming BLACK FRIDAY just outside my window
Katie: I actually plan to go shopping tomorrow. But not in the mall. You're right, it's too dangerous :P But I have a couple of neighborhood shops which are also holding a sale tomorrow, so I want to check it out.
Dan: You're going outside at your own risk, my friend
Katie: I'll take my chances ;)
Summary: It is black Friday tomorrow. Dan will not go to the mall to avoid the shopping frenzy. Katie will try the local shops instead of the mall.
Dialogue: Romy: Hey is that your brother on tv???
Romy: <file_other>
Brad: Yes its him! The proud of our family... ;)
Romy: :D
Romy: Erm... Looks super cute ;)
Brad: Ohh no no no you bad girl!
Brad: :'D
Romy: Just sayin
Romy: So does he have a girlfriend?
Brad: I dont have a girlfriend :D
Romy: I know. That was not the question :D
Summary: Brad's brother is on TV. Romy is interested in becoming his girlfriend.
Dialogue: Walter: Has anyone seen last month's sales numbers yet?
Khandi: Not yet. I think they're still being corrected by accounting.
Walter: Oh, geez! Will that make our bonuses late?
Khandi: Three guesses...
Walter: They come up with every excuse NOT to pay us!
Khandi: Can you blame them? This place is a wreck.
Walter: I know. The men's room toilets have been out of use on this floor for a week. We all have to go down to the factory!
Khandi: I saw the sign on the door.
Walter: Yeah, can't they afford to get it fixed if they pay our bonuses?
Khandi: Seems like no!
Walter: It's ridiculous the amount of time we waste around here on silly things. That would save a lot if we were more efficient!
Khandi: Well, tell someone!
Walter: I have a good mind to, but why bother?
Khandi: You never know.
Summary: Walter and Khandi are afraid the bonuses will arrive late as nobody has seen last month's sales numbers yet. They're unhappy with the poor condition of their company. 
Dialogue: Mark: Hi Honey Bunny!
Bunny: Morning darling. You up yet??!!
Mark: Couldn't stay in any longer. Too much thinking to do.
Bunny: What about?
Mark: Did you enjoy the flicks last night?
Bunny: What flicks darling??
Mark: You were in the Odeon last night.
Bunny: Oh that. Yes, it was interesting. Julia wanted some company, so I agreed to go with her.
Mark: Or was it Julian?
Bunny: Mark, my darling. Of course not.
Mark: Why didn't you tell me that you're going to the movies?
Bunny: It was so spontaneous! She just phoned and we met straight away. No time to call you.
Mark: Look, it is ridiculous. You are lying. Lying through your teeth. I saw you in the street last night. In front of the movies. And it was not Julia you were cuddling up to.
Bunny: What are you saying?!
Mark: You bloody well know what I'm saying! For how long have you been cheating me then?
Bunny: But NO. I'm not cheating you! Never have! You must have mixed me up with someone else.
Mark: That's enough of it. I think I have enough.
Bunny: Oh Mark.... Please! PLEASE
Mark: I was so shocked yesterday. Couldn't believe it. But then remembered your funny behavior before. Those sudden absences. Muted phone calls. Your tiredness...
Bunny: Let us talk about it.
Mark: No. My mind is made up.
Bunny: But let me explain. It's not what you think.
Mark: Not interested any more. 
Bunny: So why are you texting me now?
Mark: To get your lying confirmed.
Bunny: Oh no! I'm not lying! I mean you don't know the whole truth. I'll explain it to you. PLEASE
Mark: No thank you. FINITO
Bunny: Let's meet and talk about it, Mark!
Summary: Mark saw Bunny with a man at the Odeon last night. She denies and says she was with her friend Julia. The girls' meeting was spontaneous, so Bunny didn't have time to tell Mark about it. Mark wants to break up with Bunny, but she insists on a meeting and talking about it. 
Dialogue: Leo: What time should we depart tomorrow?
Marina: not later than 9.30-10
Lola: How long does it take to get to Rome?
Marina: about 4h30m
Terry: ok, so we should depart about 9.00
Marina: would be good, I don't want to be stressed if there are some construction works or so
Terry: of course
Leo: so I'll be at your place at 8.45
Marina: perfect! thanks
Summary: Leo will meet Terry, Lola and Marina tomorrow at 8.45.
Dialogue: Anya: What time should I order the Sushi?
June: It always takes a little while for it to be delivered so maybe 19:00 PM?
Anya: Yeah that seems like a good time. What should I order?
June: I could go for some california tempura and salmon rolls 🤤 
Anya: I want those too, and some chao-chao rice aswell.
June: Okii. Sounds good.
Anya: What time are you arriving home?
June: Around 19:30 PM. Just have to finish grading a few exams.
Anya: Alright, keep on the good work. Love you.
June: Thanks babe, love u too.
Summary: Anya will order some two portions of California tempura and salmon rolls and some chao-chao rice for 19:00. June will arrive home at 19:30.
Dialogue: Kylie: bae, how are you?
Kylie: are you in a better mood now?
Cooper: yeah, thanks for asking :)
Cooper: it's just a really rough time for me
Kylie: i know, i'm here for you
Kylie: don't you think that you should talk to your therapist about this?
Kylie: about all this shitstorm
Cooper: maybe you're right
Cooper: but i don't think that this whole thing with Eric is the only reason why i'm feeling down recently
Cooper: maybe i shouldn't have gotten off the medicine
Kylie: you mean citabax?
Cooper: mhm
Kylie: well, that was risky, i told you
Cooper: i know, i should have asked him about that first
Kylie: so, are you going to make an appointment? i really think you should
Cooper: yeah, i think i will
Kylie: that's great, bae :)
Summary: Cooper is having a rough time because of Eric and getting off citabax. Kylie is supporting her. Cooper will make an appointment with the therapist. 
Dialogue: Alex: If I have a bag of lentils, what would I sensibly do with that?
Ruth: You would cook that into a lushes dahl.
Winfred: What is dahl even really?
Ruth: Its a lentil mush that tastes yummy
Alex: But what do you eat it with or on? 
Ruth: You eat it with a curry, a salad or on its own
Winfred: on it's own?
Ruth: yup
Alex: Oh ok, I'll give it a go!  Does anyone want to come for dinner?
Winfred: no thanks! 😂
Ruth: yes please!!!
Summary: Alec is after advice on cooking lentils. Ruth accepts his invitation to join him for dinner. 
Dialogue: Ben: where is my watch?
Mac: i dont know
Ben: im sure you have it
Mac: what, why?
Ben: are you out with Mandy?
Mac: so what?
Ben: she likes watches
Mac: ok i will give it back when i come home
Ben: ha, i knew that!
Summary: Mac took Ben's watch to impress Mandy.
Dialogue: Fiona: <file_photo> What do you think? I'd love to arrange the kitchen this way. I think it will look bigger than it is, plus it look really convenient.
George: I do like the colours, but I am not sure that an island is a good idea. From my experience it actually makes the space look smaller :-(
Fiona: Really? Hmm.. Dunno. Well we can discuss the island later as long as we agree on the overall design.
George: I like how ecclectic it is :-) I can TOTALLY imagine us there. Cooking, drinking wine.
Fiona: And puting the bottle down on the island...
George: LOL you really like the island idea, don't you?
Fiona: I do :-(
George: OK
Fiona: Really?
George: If you care so much about something you should have it.
Fiona: You are the sweetest!
George: Anything for my bear.
Fiona: Love you so much
George: Love you too!
Summary: Fiona and George are pondering upon kitchen design. Fiona really wants an island. George is OK with the idea.
Dialogue: Joseph: What are you guys doing?
John: Writing some stupid dialogs.
Matthew: Same...
Summary: John and Mathew are writing some stupid dialogues.
Dialogue: Kit: Hey, Sam, did you see the last ep of Game of Thrones?
Sam: Nope, I'm almost a season behind ;(
Kit: Why? I thought you were a fan, even more than me.
Sam: Yeah, but you know...
Kit: Uh huh. Katie? She hates it?
Sam: No! I'm mean yeah, Katie, but it's not like she hates it or something. I couldn't be with a girl who doesn't appreciate GoT :P
Kit: So when are you gonna watch it? Come on, I need someone to discuss it with! I tried talking to Steve, but he wants Jon Snow to get the throne, blah!
Sam: Seriously? But Jon is boooring!
Kit: And his mouth is open all the time :D
Sam: Exactly! I'm telling you, it's going to be Tyrion!
Kit: So are you watching it or not? :P
Sam: I am! I just promised Katie I won't watch it without her, and she has exams next week.
Kit: Can't you just watch it on your own and then pretend you didn't and see it again with her? :D
Sam: Nope, she always knows when I'm lying. I'd rather wait than have a fight about it.
Kit: Coward! :P
Sam: Wait till you find a girlfriend. You'll learn to appreciate peace :P
Kit: You know what? If you don't watch it soon, I'm gonna start spoiling things to you :P Like for example that scene from the last episode when the white walkers came and...
Sam: Shut up!
Kit: LOL, just kidding, bro :D
Sam: I hate you! 
Kit: Hate u too :P
Sam: But did the white walkers really come through the wall?
Kit: Watch it and see for yourself :P
Sam: No, I really hate you now. I'm going to call Katie, don't wait for me :P 
Kit: Bye! XDDD
Summary: Kit wants Sam to watch the last episode of the Game of Thrones, but he is behind because of his girlfriend, Katie.
Dialogue: Susan: When are you coming?
Paul: I'll be there in 1 hour
Pieter: 1,5-2 hours
Susan: OK
Susan: I'm already here
Susan: I'm on the 5th floor
Susan: South wing 
Summary: Susan is on the 5th floor in the south wing. Paul will be there in 1 hour. Pieter will arrive in 1,5 - 2 hours.
Dialogue: Jimmy: WTF happened with that weather?
Jimmy: Yesterday it was warm, sunny and I even managed to convinced my girlfriend to take a stroll
Jimmy: And today temperature is like 10 degrees less and my balls are freezing  :D
Peter: Well. Global warming :D
Jimmy: Global freezing.
Peter: Global warming causes weather to get less and less predictable and imply sudden changes
Peter: Sudden shifts in weather conditions and radicalisation of weather is one of the consequences
Jimmy: I get it. Still doesn't change the fact my balls are freezing :D
Peter: xD
Peter: Should've put underpants :D
Jimmy: You know, when I was a kid, I hated underpants.
Jimmy: I thought it was so unmanly and girlish that i neglected any function of underpants.
Peter: Haha. Every boy had it like this :D
Jimmy: But now, I think it's really good to keep your ass warm at all costs :D
Peter: It's similiar thing with with resting in preschool. They used to force us to rest.
Peter: I hated it then, but now I think every company should have something like this during working hours :D
Jimmy: Haha. Of course it should be counted in as a working hour you get paid for :D
Peter: Naturally :D
Summary: Yeterday it was warm and sunny. Today it's freezing. Peter thinks it's because of global warming. Jimmy hated underpants when he was a kid. Now Jimmy thinks underpants are a good idea. Peter hated resting at preschool. Peter thinks it would be a good idea to rest an hour a day at work. 
Dialogue: Isidor: All tomorrow's classes are cancelled!
Lea: No way! You serious? :D
Isidor: This is what the official site of our university says
Lea: HOORAY! I'll spread this fantastic news to the girls, thanks Isi!
Isidor: Don't thank me. Thank the winter :D
Lea: Thanks dear winter!
Summary: The university's website says all tommorrow's classes are cancelled because of the winter weather.
Dialogue: Will: So apparently
Will: Jessica is sick and she went on a holiday leave
Paula: For how long
Will: Dunno, I heard 2 weeks
Preston: What happened to her? 
Will: She's probably tired of working
Paula: I feel sorry for her
Paula: I will send her a text
Summary: Jessica is on a 2 weeks leave. According to Will she is overtired with work. Paula will text her.
Dialogue: Doug: Hey
Tessa: Hi there
Doug: So how did it go in London?
Tessa: Great! I was actually quite surprised. This might sound crazy but the air actually seemed much cleaner than in Warsaw, so it was almost like a trip to the countryside. The weather was almost good, too
Doug: Ha ha I see. And how was Mike?
Tessa: Oh that was quite a surprise as well. Very polite, generous, I would even say "caring". A different person, really
Doug: This IS a surprise
Tessa: Totally! Who would expect that? Certainly not me lol
Doug: Will you be visiting again soon?
Tessa: Soon-ish, depending on the budget
Doug: I see. Anyway, it was nice to hear from you. I'm glad all has been well for you!
Tessa: Thanks for writing. I'll be in touch. xx
Summary: Tessa liked her trip to London, because of Mike and the quality of air.
Dialogue: Chloe: Call Ethan to return my Guitar, I am out of credit. Been waiting for her text for half an hour
Daniel: He is with me and he dont have his phone right now. I have shown him your texts
Chloe: Ask him to bring it back ASAP
Summary: Chloe needs Daniel to ask Ethan to bring back her guitar at the earliest.
Dialogue: Bernie: No! No wives! No girlfriends! Just a guys' night out!
Marty: Yeah, Chris, what were u thinking?
Chris: Well, it's either this or the exhibition.
Marty: So, what exhibition are you going to see?
Chris: Don't be like that! I promise she won't say a word.
Bernie: That's not the point! I don't want to think about not saying this or that, 'cause your wife's there.
Chris: Oh she's cool with everything.
Marty: Like with the time you told her you had to pull an all-nighter but went drinking with us?
Chris: Maybe not that. 
Bernie: Or the time when you met up with your ex-girlfriend and didn't tell her?
Chris: Okay. I see your point. I'll talk to her.
Bernie: You do that. 
Summary: Chris wanted to take his wife on the guys' night out. Marty and Bernie are against it.
Dialogue: Dianne: you know about flowers, right?
Barrett: a little
Dianne: i planted some sunflowers and they haven't come out
Dianne: it's really frustrating
Barrett: just wait a bit, it'll happen
Summary: Dianne planted sunflowers and they did not grow. Barrett knows a little bit about the flowers and advises to wait. 
Dialogue: Chris: Can you center fill on top of multiple layers of soric?
Chris: With the soric inside layers of reinforcement obviously
Joel:  Dont see why not. Just plan the resin brake accordingly since the resin front on the top will flow faster than the on the mold surface
Chris: so would shooting from the side keep it even top and bottom? Maybe thats my issue with pinholes sometimes
Joel: Doubt it, it’s the flow mesh that makes the top flow faster.
Joel:  Best way to test is small panels done on a piece of glass so you can see what’s going on
Chris: Im about out of my inter-laminar flow media and dont know where to get more, that seemed to help with the speed of fill.
Joel: I’ve tested with several flow meshes but never any that go in between the layers. The blue mesh seems to flow about twice as fast as the green even though they look identical other than the color
Joel: But it seems letting the flow go as slow as you can get away with without it kicking too early is better at eliminating pin holes. It seams that when the resin travels fast it’s more likely to leave tiny bits of air trapped
Chris: I had some woven glass stuff that was stiff and didnt distort, like a flow mesh but I got it from a guy and dont know where to get rolls of it
Chris: my epoxy is 1500cps mixed.... slow is an understatement
Joel: Yeah you might wanna find something thinner
Chris: :)
Summary: Joel has tested with several flow meshes and the blue one seems to flow about twice as fast as the green one. Chris got woven glass mesh that was stiff and didn't distort. Chris's epoxy is 1500 cps so will probably get something thinner. 
Dialogue: Amelia: Good to be home!
Zara: i missed u so much!!! xxx
Jamie: How was Australia? Great pictures!
Amelia: it was great but i'm glad to be home again!
Jamie: tell me all about it!
Zara: seems like ages!
Amelia: i'd love to catch up on all the gossip! haha ;)
Jamie: totally! we have to meet up!
Summary: Amelia is back from Australia and was missed by Zara. Jamie liked her pictures and Amelia is up for a catch-up meeting with them. 
Dialogue: Les: Hi love how is your dad
Sue: oh hes still hanging in there Les.. they are still doing tests
Les: oh dear we are thinking of visiting on saturday is that ok
Sue: yes that will be fine we may see you there
Les: ok love take care
Summary: Sue's dad is getting medical tests. Les will visit him on Saturday.
Dialogue: Owen: so a date with Luke huh xD
Cathy: excuse me?
Owen: everybody in the college knows
Cathy: yea, so? -_-
Owen: i was just saying
Cathy: if you must know he's a friend and a really good one
Owen: cool
Cathy: cool?
Owen: yea, do whatever you want
Cathy: i am, actually :3
Owen: yeah you are
Cathy: what's that supposed to mean?
Owen: nothing. just that you've been going out quite alot
Cathy: not that it's any of your business, but i am not
Owen: yeah okay that's not really my job to keep count. do you whatever you want
Cathy: ...
Summary: Owen thinks Cathy is dating Luke. Luke is a good friend of Cathy. 
Dialogue: Lucas: show me your new haircut :D
Isaac: hahaha
Isaac: <file_photo>
Lucas: hot!
Isaac: :*
Lucas: :*
Summary: Isaac sends Lucas a photo of his new haircut. 
Dialogue: Liam: Did you mention to me before you know a guy that can supply enigma2 satellite boxes? Looking for one with 2 satellite & 1 dvb-t2 for saorview that has PVR option to add an SATA hard drive (can do that myself). Not worried about adding a camds line at the moment but would need either WiFi or Ethernet connection on the box
Liam: 1080 is ok. Don't have a 4k TV <emoticon_smile>
Filip: Give me time till evening
Liam: No rush
Filip: Hi. Just came back and going to work from early morning
Filip: But in a free moment tomorrow I will find one for you and let you know
Liam: No rush on it
Liam: Even if second hand (cheaper) is ok
Filip: Ok
Summary: Filip will find a guy that can supply enigma2 satellite box for Liam.
Dialogue: Dorian: Helen, Geraldine, were you at the uni today?
Geraldine: yep, but only in the morning
Helen: no...I'm sick af :/
Dorian: Geraldine, could you please tell me what did you do today?
Geraldine: p.34 ex. 2,3,4
Dorian: thanks!!!!
Summary: Helen is sick and wasn't at the uni today. Geraldine was only in the morning and she did exercises 2,3 and 4 at the page 34.
Dialogue: Arthur: hey is that beat coming from your room??
Leon: yeah :D
Arthur: cool, turn up the volume XD
Leon: sure man ..
Summary: Leon is listening to some music in his room. Arthut likes it and wants Leon to turn up the volume.
Dialogue: Sam: I lost my car keys I think
Eric: Surely not, just look for it carefully
Julia: you always "loose" things and find them 3 days later somewhere at home
Eric: hahaha, exactly, I've heard it so many times already
Sam: but I haven't been home even
Eric: so where did it happen?
Sam: in the city
Eric: ask in all the shops/offices you've been today, people mostly keep an eye on this kind of stuff
Sam: right, I will, I'm just a bit panicked 
Summary: Sam lost his car keys in the city.
Dialogue: Shannon: Hi Curtis, I'm really sick, I won't be able to come to our meeting today :(
Curtis: Oh no Shannon, I was so excited to spend some time with you :( What's happening?
Shannon: I think it's flu. I have a terrible headache, runny nose and of course some nice fever :(
Curtis: I'm so sorry to hear that. Do you need anything?
Shannon: I should be fine, I'm seeing a doctor later this afternoon
Curtis: Get well soon then, just let me know when I can come by to pay a visit :)
Summary: Shannon is sick and can't come to the meeting with Chris today. She probably has flu, with a headache, runny nose and fever. She's seeing a doctor later this afternoon.
Dialogue: Bertha: Hi. We exchanged numbers at the quilt show. I'm getting in touch about the pattern. Are you available?
Maude: Hi again! Nice to hear from you. Yes, I can talk over the phone or Skype or we can just chat. What are you up for?
Bertha: Chatting is fine. You said you had the double wedding ring pattern?
Maude: I do, and I've made it at least 5 times that I can remember.
Bertha: Great. Is it easy or?
Maude: Not so easy, but it isn't rocket science. I'm happy to help with anything that stumps you.
Bertha: That's so kind of you! Can you send it?
Maude: Sure. Here it is <file_other> Let me know if you have any questions.
Bertha: Okay. Thanks again!
Maude: You're welcome! Have a great day and happy quilting!
Summary: Bertha and Maude met at the quilt show. Bertha needs some help with the double wedding ring pattern. Maude has made it at least 5 times and can help Bertha. 
Dialogue: Ron: do want something from the shop
Han: thank you, yes, some milk?
Ron: ill get you some milk babe :)))
Han: thank you :***************
Summary: Ron will get some milk for Han.
Dialogue: Carl: How has this disgusting man still got a career?
Sam: Why is he disgusting ?
Carl: gave a 20 year old HIV then she killed herself, read a little mate
Edd: Carl, do English,
Sam: Carl, read a little better mate. The allegation was for herpes not hiv and he got cleared, by a judge, you know more than the judge who saw all the relevant evidence. Please
Summary: Sam and Edd got irritated by Carl's superficial approach to the case.
Dialogue: Mr Dolloway: Dear passengers, I have created this WhatsApp group to communicate with you regarding the forthcoming trip to Tenerife.
Mrs White: That is a wonderful idea, Mr Dolloway.
Mr Dolloway: Thank you, Mrs White. I will be using this channel to communicate the latest updates.
Summary: Mr Dolloway created a WhatsApp group to communicate about the forthcoming trip to Tenerife. 
Dialogue: Julia: hey, you coming to Tom's party this weekend?
Julia: should be fun :)
Mary: sorry, not likely...
Julia: why, what happened?
Mary: ma grandma passed away yesterday...
Julia: oh, honey so sorry
Julia: I feel so stupid now, sorry
Mary: don't worry, you couldn't know
Julia: if you need anything let me know!
Mary: thank you :)
Summary: Mary won't come to Tom's party this weekend because of her grandmother passing yesterday.
Dialogue: Dan: Do any of Bath people know of a short term 2-bed flat available from June? Please share!
Grace: I feel seriously behind we need to catch up sooon!
Hatti: if you’re behind, there’s no hope for anyone! Xx
Rose: i’ll let you know if i see something
Rose: you’re very welcome to spend a couple of days with us if it helps..
Dan: need a flat for about 3 months
Rose: oh, in that case i won’t be able to help! X
Dan: haha! ;) x
Summary: Dan is looking for a 2-bed flat in Bath for about 3 months starting on June.
Dialogue: Lilah: I cant wait for the week end :D
Amari: Yeah Its sports festival we have been waiting for :D
Lilah: are you taking part in any sports?
Amari: Yes, Rugby and Cricket
Lilah: Nice
Amari: You?
Lilah: Only Carom
Summary: Amari will play rugby and cricket and Lilah will play carom at the sports festival at weekend.
Dialogue: Peter: <file_photo>
Josh: what is it?
Peter: you don't get it?
Josh: ah... another racist content
Peter: damn, you are right
Josh: Can you stop sending me this bullshit
Peter: What the hell is wrong with you, are you kidding?
Josh: Yes, hahah, give me more
Peter: <file_photo>
Josh: That one is better
Peter: You almost got me with this joke
Josh: Cuz ya stupid
Peter: Shut up <file_photo>
Josh: <file_photo>
Summary: Peter sends Josh racist content. Josh is joking.
Dialogue: Leila: I just spent 150usd for one bag of groceries. ONE BAG.
Diana: Don't worry, we spend way more than that and I honestly don't know on what #sad
Leila: And I usually have no breakfast or lunch usually and eat all night. If I didn't exercise I'd be BLOODY ENORMOUS. I honestly don't know you're not the size of a truck
Diana: You only see me on holidays and then I don't count what I eat. I normally don't eat that much
Leila: I hear that. Me too but mostly I do eat like a pig
Diana: You're so weird. And so much smaller than I am anyway
Leila: You're insane
Diana: What I am is too big for my favourite pants
Leila: I brought my fav with me. i BETTER fit in those in a few weeks
Diana: I cannot wear any pants. I only wear jeggings
Leila: Mate :D I LIVE in leggings,
Diana: Yeah but you're tiny! Bitch.
Leila: You know what the box diet is?
Diana: like portion control?
Leila: Yeah, she gets all the meals delivered. She feels great and already has lost some weight
Diana: Do they taste any good?
Leila: Oh yeah, they are yummy. Healthy 5 meals a day and not more than 1200 cal
Diana: I think I just had a piece of cheese that had 1200 :D :D :D
Leila: I hear ya... I wish I could order one...
Diana: Go for ti!
Leila: Too pricey. I have a lot of free time so really no excuses for me not to cook
Diana: I'm gonna do that next year. I've been eating some nasty stuff
Summary: Leila and Diana are complaining about the expense of food. Leila would like to go on the box diet but it's too pricey. Diana is gonna do it next year.
Dialogue: Laura: How are you? Still in Asia?
Joseph: Kathmandu. Today I’ve had a horrible flight. Still feel the horrible smell…
Laura: Kathmandu! That’s wonderful! I’m sorry about the flight 😉
Laura: How long have you been in Asia so far?
Joseph: 6 months 😉
Laura: I envy you 😉 I wish I were in Asia now 😉
Joseph: What are your plans for holiday?
Laura: I don’t know, yet. We’ve been to Jerusalem some time ago 
Joseph: Do you want to go on the Camino this year?
Laura: This year I can’t but maybe next year… We’ll see 😊
Summary: Joseph is in Kathmandu 6 months so far. Laura was in Jerusalem some time ago and she might go on the Camino next year.
Dialogue: Bob: i wanna lose some weight but don't wanna drastic changes! looking for tips.. Anyone?
Kelly: i lost quite a lot simply by having drinks with no added sugar
Bob: that's what i mean! i reckon we can lose quite a lot just by doing simple changes
Kelly: my sis lost a lot i mean she went from obese to normal weight by using public transport instead of her own car
Bob: because she probably had to walk to get to the bus stops
Kelly: exactly!
Alan: make sure you sleep well
Bob: i like that one the most! haha!
Alan: you lose calories in your sleep besides you won't eat that much next day. it has to do with your hormones..
Bob: i see. i gonna definitely try this one :)
Kelly: try smaller plates= smaller portions, fiber foods and no food after 6 pm
Alan: and eat slowly! good luck mate!
Summary: Bob wants to lose weight and is looking for tips. Kelly suggests cutting down on sugar, smaller plates, fiber foods and no food after 6 pm. Alan suggests sleeping well.
