Dialogue: Tom: Yo, where you at?
Harper: I think I'm gonna be late out tonight. Kinda got invited to this party ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Tom: Damn, nice one!
Harper: Yeah, it kinda just happened. Cover for me?
Tom: Course, sis. :)
Harper: Thanks squirt! ;)
Tom: That's Captain Squirt to you!
Harper: And you never let me forget it. :P We still up for our Star Tek marathon? 
Summary: Tom will cover for Harper who is going to a party and will be back late.
Dialogue: Laura: what times the bus?
Pat: 5.25
Laura: OK. u know what u wearing?
Pat: w8. ill take a photo
Laura: ok, back in a minute
Pat: ce moi <file_photo>
Laura: wow girl, sexy as hell
Pat: show me yourself
Laura: no way
Pat: come on. this new blue dress?
Laura: you'll see when we meet lol
Pat: OK. 5.25 then
Lucy: see you
Summary: Pat and Lucy will meet at 5.25 for the bus. Laura likes Pat's outfit and will show hers later on. 
Dialogue: Marcus: hey
Marcus: did you get there?
Marcus: halo
Marcus: hallooooo??
Marcus: :/
Kristen: sorry
Kristen: yeah im here
Marcus: phew
Summary: Kristen reassures Marcus she has arrived there.
Dialogue: Tom: what time are we leaving?
Sarah: 8 am or earlier if you can
Tom: wow so early???
Sarah: we need 7-8 hours to get there
Sarah: I really want to see the center before it gets dark...
Summary: Sarah is leaving at or earlier than 8 am.
Dialogue: Mags: How is Jonna?
Ann: She had fever last night
Ann: But she's fine now
Marta: Did you see the doctor?
Ann: Yes, had an appointment yesterday
Ann: The doctor said it is a viral infection
Ann: But she seems really okay now... don't know what to do with the outing
Mags: Are you going, Marta?
Marta: Yes, we are
Ann: I'll check on her and we may drop by for a while as well
Ann: Do I go right at the crossroads?
Mags: At the crossroads there is a path
Marta: and signs
Ann: Ok, what should I bring?
Mags: Cake and sausages
Ann: Okay, I will
Marta: Would you be able to pick me up on your way?
Ann: Sure, I will
Ann: About 3 pm?
Marta: Okay, thanks a lot!
Summary: Joanna has a viral infection but feels better today. She might join in the outing. Ann will bring cake and sausages. Ann will pick Marta up around 3 pm.
Dialogue: Monica: Guys, I'm very hungry
Drake: me too
Drake: can't focus on studying anymore
John: ok, should we have a break and eat something?
Fanny: definitely 
John: any ideas where?
Fanny: There is this place down the hill with an Italian name
Monica: you mean "Antica Badia"?
Fanny: I think so
Monica: it's an option
Drake: not even the worst one
Drake: it's close, so we can always come back later and work a but more
John: ok, let's meet in 5 min at the entrance and go there together
Drake: ok!
Summary: Drake, John, Monica and Fanny will go to Antica Badia to eat something. They will meet in 5 minutes at the entrance. 
Dialogue: Clarisse: hey seth how are you?
Seth: doing fine, thanks
Clarisse: same, it's a beautiful day outside
Seth: i know!!! just a but warmer than I like, almost perfect day lol
Clarisse: i agree
Clarisse: anyway , i wanted to ask you something
Clarisse: you're a big fan of movies and tv and that stuff right
Seth: yes! I love tv specially
Clarisse: awesome, cause that's what i wanted to ask you about
Clarisse: i don't have cable service but i've been thinking about it
Clarisse: i've been looking around at plans but it's soooooo expensive
Clarisse: it's cable tv worth it?
Seth: it depends on what you want
Seth: if you want to watch live tv and premium movies then cable is a great option
Seth: but as you say it's really expensive
Seth: but if you don't care about it, then you're better off with a streaming service
Clarisse: what's the difference?
Seth: with the streaming service you get almost the same content after it comes out on tv
Seth: sometimes you have to wait a day or two
Seth: sometimes you have to wait for months
Seth: but streaming services are waaaaaaaaay cheaper
Clarisse: thanks so much for your advice!
Clarisse: it's been really helpful
Seth: what do you think?
Clarisse: i think I'll go with the streaming service
Seth: that's a great option :-D
Summary: Clarisse does not have a cable service. Seth is a big fan of movies, especially of tv. Seth enumerates advantages and disadvantages of a cable tv and a streaming service. Clarisse chooses to buy the streaming service, because this is the cheaper option.
Dialogue: Bella: I'm making a pasta bake tonight. Are you going to be home around 7:30?
Jude: I am now!
Bella: LOL!
Summary: Bella's preparing a pasta bake tonight and asks Jude to be home at 7:30.
Dialogue: Krystian: <file_photo> boobies!
Dawid: Daaaam dude, those r massive tits!
Marcin: Woah :O And that's actually a pretty chick growing on those tits
Dawid: Where did you take that photo, I'm imbreast :D
Krystian: IMBREAST ahahahaha if I hadn't seen those boobs you'd made my day dude!
Krystian: Taken in the subway, hope to see her again one day
Summary: Krystian saw a woman with big breasts on the subway. 
Dialogue: Amber: I passed my driving test today! So happy! Xxx
Nancy: Congratulations!
Gina: OMG!!! Amazing!
Bob: well done!
Zara: brilliant! So happy for you! Xxx
Will: awesome!
Summary: Amber passed her driving test today.
Dialogue: Alice: How is Christmas going?
Coleman: I can barely move, I've eaten too much I believe
Eli: hahah, I had a proper Italian Christmas with my family
Alice: which is?
Eli: Like eating till you die
Alice: hahaha, I think this is an international procedure
Eli: and 7000 family members
Alice: hahaha, I'm luckily in a much smaller company
Alice: but it's already quite tiring
Alice: some family disputes
Coleman: I love it here, I am doing nothing, eating more than I should, enjoying family members I haven't seen for a long time
Coleman: I don't even want to think about all the chores awaiting me after Christmas
Eli: I quite like it too :)
Eli: this cute warm Christmas atmosphere 
Alice: I don't really get it, but whatever hahahah
Summary: Coleman and Eli are enjoying their Christmas, Alice is not sure. 
Dialogue: Julia: Hey, what time are you going to be home?
Robert: There's a lot of traffic, so probably in like 45 minutes. 
Julia: Ok. Drive safe. See you soon. 😘
Summary: Robert informs Julia that he'll be home in about 45 minutes.
Dialogue: Laura: that fucker cheated on me
Bridget: no!!!
Laura: With that blond from his work
Bridget: The one that spilled wine on his shirt during the office xmas party?
Laura: yes, that bitch
Bridget: OMG how did you find out????
Laura: She told me. She said that it's better that I know
Bridget: It is better that you know. but are they a thing right now?
Laura: No she said she is sorry and she regrets it but she thinks that I should know what kind of a man I am about to marry
Bridget: wow, I though it only happened in movies
Laura: bitches with conscience?
Bridget: yep
Laura: I guess the wedding's off.
Bridget: Wanna come over for some prosecco?
Summary: Laura's fiance cheated on her with the blond from his work. The blond said it to Laura and now Laura wants to cancel the wedding. Briget is inviting over for prosecco.
Dialogue: Lucas: let's meet at the airport?
Andy: i'm already there, having coffee.
Andy: could you believe it?
Lucas: order one for me pls
Andy: there is a couple drinking beer! at 5pm!!
Lucas: no thanks it's a bit early
Andy: and now they order whisky and cola 😱
Lucas: OMG. Hope they won't be in our plane
Summary: Andy is waiting for Lucas at the airport. Lucas wants him to order a coffee.
Dialogue: Annie: need anything from Carrefour?
Annie: I will pop in to get some food.
Annie: and toilet paper ;)
Katie: no thanks Im fine
Annie: lucky you!
Katie: see you later
Annie: bye!
Summary: Annie will go to Carrefour to buy some food and toilet paper.
Dialogue: Ben: off to the cinema with Poppy! :)
Beth: daddy daughter time? Lovely!
Harry: have a nice day!
Alice: what are you gonna watch? 
Ben: the nutcracker and the four realms
Jim: brilliant!
Summary: Ben is going to cinema with Poppy to watch "The nutcracker and the four realms".
Dialogue: Tania: hi, wanna join us for some drinks tonight?
Holly: sure
Holly: us is who?
Tania: hahaha, me, terry and lidia 
Holly: amazing, I haven't seen Lidia since the graduation
Tania: you see?! great!
Holly: we want to see a show in Broadway and then just go to brooklyn for some drinks
Tania: I would skip the show, but join you for drinking :P
Holly: ok, as you wish
Holly: So I'll just text you when we're done
Tania: Perfect
Holly: we can meet at Kosciusko Av Subway station
Tania: ok!
Holly: good, talk to you later
Summary: Holly will join Tania, Terry and Linda for drinks tonight. They are going to see a Broadway show, but Holly just wants the drinks. They meet up at Kosciusko Av Subway station.
Dialogue: Sam: So fed up with my assignment!
Kevin: Go Sam go! Get your homework done!
Sam: easier said than done!
Jim: get off FB!
Kevin: try having 3 of them!
Jenny: Come on! You can do it!
Jim: May the force be with you!  
Sam: haha!
William: come on! make me proud! just one more to go!
Summary: Sam hates the assignment he has to do. His friends cheers him up.
Dialogue: Daisy: hey, be there at 4 for the checkup
Liz: okay, i wont be late
Daisy: you better not
Summary: Liz needs to be there at four o'clock sharp for the checkup. 
Dialogue: Jonathan: Lisa! Have you bought a Christmas gift for Mum yet?
Lisa: I haven't... I'm still thinking about it. I always have a problem choosing something for her.
Jonathan: So do I! She's a tough one, isn't she.
Lisa: Well, it's just that she always says she doesn't need anything and she's only interested in gardening...
Jonathan: Right, and I think she's got all the tools already, so buying something like that is out of question.
Lisa: Yeah, and we don't even really know what's good anyway. I don't know these gardening brands, to be honest.
Jonathan: Me neither. Hmm. I've been thinking that maybe I should buy her a book.
Lisa: Sounds like a good idea, but have you got anything specific in mind?
Jonathan: Not really, but I think I've heard about some new book by this famous gardener. What's his name...
Lisa: Don't ask me! I wouldn't know, haha...
Jonathan: I think I could ask a coworker. She's told me she likes gardening, so she might know something?
Lisa: I guess so! Eh, I still have no idea, though. If I get her a book too, that might be a bit much.
Jonathan: Hmm, I googled it and most ideas are tools... But what about a pot?
Lisa: A pot?
Jonathan: Yeah, like this one! <file_photo>
Lisa: Oh! I think she might like it! I'll order it before I forget, thank you!
Summary: Jonathan and Lisa are going to buy Mum a pot for Christmas. Lisa is going to order it. Lisa and John know nothing about gardening, which is Mum's only interest.
Dialogue: John: Just wanted to wish you all the best for tomorrow, how are you feeling?
Wendy: Thank you! Yeah pretty scary stuff, days are ok, but nights have been pretty sleepless tbh. 😩 😨 
John: I can imagine. Will you be coming out of hospital on Saturday if all is well?
Wendy: Yes that's the plan at least
John: Take care sweetie, we are thinking of you. Let me know if you need anything. 😘 😘 😘  
Wendy: Thanks
Summary: Wendy is scared of what is going to happen tomorrow. If all is well, Wendy will be out of the hospital on Saturday.
Dialogue: Mat: he doesn't answer. Shall i go?
Chris: yes give a try
Mat: ok but i'll have to wait 20 minutes...
Chris: doesn't matter. it would be done. Work on your presentation
Mat: i don't have it with me... bad  luck
Summary: Mat hasn't his presentation with him.
Dialogue: Paula: Hello!
Paula: Just a reminder - the classes start again this Wed :)
Josh: Oh, thanks
Mia: great! I'll be there 
Josh: The same time?
Paula: Yes, it's 4 pm as usual
Mia: should I bring anything?
Paula: No, I will give you a full list on Wed
Mia: That would be great!
Mia: And can I bring a friend?
Mia: She would like to check it out and join us if that's ok with you, Paula
Paula: No problem. See you soon!
Mia: Bye!
Josh: Bye
Summary: Mia will bring her friend for Wednesday classes with Paula at 4 pm.
Dialogue: Graham: <file_movie>
Graham: u need to watch it!
Graham: so funny
Graham: <lol>
Hank: what's that?
Graham: one stand up guy I found
Graham: he's great
Hank: u know I don't like that stuff
Graham: I know, but this u'll like
Hank: don't think so
Graham: just watch it and then argue
Hank: ok, ok, I'll watch
Graham: good, let me know
Summary: Hank will watch a piece of stand-up comedy Graham has sent him.
Dialogue: Dwight: can I come?
Lebron: sure
Dwight: I will grab some beer
Lebron: perfect
Summary: Dwight will grab some beer and come to Lebron's place.
Dialogue: Gina: help! I need to get a present for my parents 30 anniversary
Gina: and have no idea...
George: its hard to buy presents
George: I never know what to buy and get sth in the last moment
Gina: thanks, George! But it doesnt help ;)
George: :P
Gisella: they already have everything I think
Gisella: if you dont know what to buy, maybe a voucher?
Gisella: to a hotel, restaurant, theatre?
George: to give them a choice
Gina: Oh, I didnt think about that
Gina: may be a good idea
Gisella: there are different vouchers, it all depends how much money you have
Gina: this is their 30 anniversary
Gina: it must be something special
Gisella: oh
Gisella: maybe a weekend in a nice hotel?
George: sounds good to me! Like a spa
George: just two of them together, in some nice place
Gina: sounds just great!
Gisella: and when is the anniversary?
Gina: on 1 December
George: thats soon
Gina: I'll check out the voucher options
Gina: thanks, guys!
Gisella: always welcome!
Gisella: :*
Gina: :*
Summary: Gina will check out a hotel or spa voucher as a gift for her parents 30 anniversary.
Dialogue: Leo: You have a sports car don't you?
Terrence: Yes, I do.
Leo: What kind of car do you have?
Terrence: It's a Fiesta ST 2013.
Leo: Is it new?
Terrence: It was new in 2013 xD
Leo: So it's old now..
Terrence: Yes, it is. But it still looks and performs good.
Leo: Do you take good care of it?
Terrence: Oh yes, it's my precious and I love it.
Leo: You have to take me for a drive someday.
Terrence: Oh it will be my pleasure :p You will love it.
Summary: Terrence has a sports car and invites Leo for a drive.
Dialogue: Lynn: Should we have seafood for starters on Christmas?
Victor: I don't know; I hate seafood but what does everyone like?
Lynn: Oh, I don't know. I guess I should assume that seafood will be hated for the most part.
Victor: Do those bread things. People like those!
Lynn: You mean with the tomato and basil?
Victor: Yeah. And some sausages. That should be enough.
Lynn: I guess, not very exciting tho.
Victor: Who cares? Save it for the turkey!
Lynn: You're probably right.
Victor: You just go overboard when everyone really doesn't care.
Lynn: Probably. But I care!
Victor: They can just like it; they didn't volunteer!
Lynn: I know, but...
Victor: Yes, it's how you are.
Lynn: It is.
Victor: And I love you for it, just don't like to see you stressed!
Lynn: I'm not stressed!
Summary: Lynn decides not to serve seafood for starters at Christmas as many people don't like. She'll prepare bread things with tomato and basil and some sausages.
Dialogue: Tom: You, where's the car?
Eric: Parked by the apartments, Victor has the keys
Tom: Is he there now?
Eric: He said he would wait for you, give him a call 
Summary: Tom is seeing Victor to get the keys to the apartment but has to call him first.
Dialogue: Ali: <file_photo>
Lucie: Nice colour ;)
Ali: Found shoes for you and Jiri
Lucie: :)
Ali: In chinese minimarket in my building
Ali: Less than €10
Lucie: So it is good reason to come to Senegal soon ;)
Ali: BRAVO
Ali :) :) :) :) :)
Ali: Jana, Stefan and girls and my daughter are coming 30 March to 12 April
Ali: Still have 2 free rooms :D
Lucie: Wow, it's so great
Ali: You better come. Before we send police to arrest you
Lucie: Hehehe
Ali: My toothpaste was not full when Caro brought it back
Ali: You stole some
Lucie: Isn't it obvious that Caro used it?!
Ali: Stealing toothpaste is a serious crime
Lucie: But I can buy you a new one if you want ;)
Ali: Caro says she knew that you will accuse her
Ali: OK buy one and deliver it in person soon
Lucie: I was afraid that you want to tell the police about my car accident ;)
Ali: Nooo are you out of your mind?
Ali: I dont care about that car its not mine
Ali: Toothpaste is mine ;)
Lucie: Heheh
Ali: Good night!
Ali: We are waiting here for you :*
Summary: Ali has invited Lucie to visit him in Senegal. Jana, Stefan with daughters and Ali's daughter are coming to stay from 30 March to 12 April. Ali tells Lucie to bring toothpaste with her. Lucie had a car accident.
Dialogue: Andrew: @ the gym @ 3pm?
Marc: I'll be there.
Brian: U gotta count me out.
Brian: I'm sick 2day.
Marc: OK man.
Andrew: Get better!
Summary: Andrew and Marc will meet at the gym at 3PM. Brian won't come as he's sick today.
Dialogue: Louise: I am going to propose to Thelma at his birthday but I have no idea what kind of ring would she like
Louise: could you help me with that?
Vicky: wow dude that's amazing! congrats!
Henrietta: wow! I would love to help you out!
Vicky: I don't know much about rings but I think Thelma will say yes no matter what ring you'll buy
Paloma: me too! did sth catch your eye?
Louise: I saw this ring in Pandora but it might be too tacky
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: :O
Vicky: it's not tacky, it's so Thelma
Louise: wait, I also like this one:
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: I think the first one is better
Vicky: yeah, the second one is too classic, too safe
Louise: OK thank you guys
Louise: just don't tell Thelma anything
Vicky: sure!
Summary: Louise is going to propose to Thelma at his birthday. He found a ring at Pandora.
Dialogue: Terry: wanna have some pizza?
Kate: I've eaten with some colleagues
Jim: me too
Terry: traitors
Summary: Terry wants to have some pizza, but Jim and Kate have already eaten one.
Dialogue: Maya: Honey, could you stop by the market and grab some water?😍😍😍
Henry: Ok. Gas or without gas?
Maya: Without gas. Thaaaankkkkkkksssssssssss, darling!😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙😙
Henry: Np. 😄Anything else?
Maya: That's all. Thanks again, see yaaaaaa 😗😗
Summary: Henry will get some still water at the market on Maya's request.
Dialogue: Angie: Girls, would you wear a red hat with a green coat? I don't want to look like a dwarf from “Snow White” ;)
Robin: Depends on the shade of green, I suppose.
Rosa: Can you send us a pic?
Angie: Sure, just wait a sec, I need to put them on.
Summary: Angie is not sure about wearing a red hat with a green coat so wants Robin and Rosa's opinion.
Dialogue: Liam: The best eyeshadow palette?
Jack: Urban Decay 
Vicky: No way! Anastasia Beverly Hills is much better! 
Summary: Vicky and Jack advice Liam on the best eyeshadow palette. Vicky prefers Anastasia Beverly Hills, Jack's favourite is Urban Decay.
Dialogue: Sylvester: Have you seen 'Cast Away'?
Jean: Tom Hanks on a desert island?
Sylvester: right!
Jean: sure. Great film
Arnold: unbelievable story
Arnold: I cant even imagine something like that
Sylvester: Tom Hanks rocks in this role!
Jean: yeah, respect!
Jean: he lost about 20 kg and worked out hard
Jean: I read 
Sylvester: he's brilliant really
Sylvester: Philadelphia almost brought tears to my eyes
Arnold: I like him too
Arnold: and he likes Polish Fiat 126p!
Sylvester: :D
Arnold: he got one as a present
Jean: crazy idea
Jean: but cool
Sylvester: I remember when it was on the news
Sylvester: that woman who organized the whole thing
Sylvester: she's crazy
Arnold: :D
Summary: Tom Hanks performed brilliantly both in "Cast Away" and "Philadelphia". They admire Tom Hanks.
Dialogue: Willow: hey hey :) can you help me with something?
Paula: sure :) what is that?
Willow: you know your way around this stuff
Willow: so what exactly is 'ks' in the word 'książe'? like a phoneme? a morpheme? just a pair of sounds? Help! :o
Paula: hahaha 
Paula: i think it's an affricate
Paula: it's a plosive + fricative
Paula: and I also guess it belongs together with 'i' so it gets labialized 
Paula: but don't quote me on that lol :D 
Paula: <file_other>
Willow: thank you so much Paulz <3 <3 <3
Paula: no problem :)
Summary: Paula explains the classification of consonants in the Polish word 'książę' to Willow.
Dialogue: Boris: this is sooo sooo boooring...
Boris: I'm going for a smoke in 5 min. Derren?
Derren: I don't smoke man
Mick: Whaaaat???
Derren: Don't want to talk about this... 5 days and counting
Boris: ok. 
Summary: Boris is going for a smoke in 5 min. Derren doesn't smoke.
Dialogue: Rene: so, I thought they were gonna lose the game
Luisa: yes, they got me worried!
Luisa: but they showed some character in the end
Rene: yeah, a draw is not that bad
Rene: shame it took so long to score
Luisa: mhm they were pretty poor in the final third today
Luisa: but the fought till the end and deserved something from the game
Rene: agree! they're fighters, no doubt about it
Summary: The team that Luisa and Rene were rooting for won.
Dialogue: Connor: hey mom i need you to pick me up from school
Connor: i missed the bus :-(
Mom: why?
Connor: a teacher wanted to talk to me and i lost track of time
Mom: i'm at a meeting i can leave work right now
Mom: you'll have to wait for me
Mom: i can be there in two hours
Connor: TWO HOURS???!?!!
Connor: is it cool if i go to Randall's and you pick me up there?
Mom: that's fine
Mom: you'll have to text me his address
Mom: i have no idea where he lives
Connor: i'll text you that info later
Mom: ok
Mom: i'll be there in around two hours
Summary: Connor missed the bus as he had to talk to the teacher. Mom will pick him up from Randall's in 2 hours. Connor will text Mom the address.
Dialogue: Bart: so are you guys going for new years eve to where Greg proposed?
Bart: i am curious
Matthew: i am still not sure, it's a long ride
Mike: yeah me neither
Mike: did you check how to get there?
Bart: yeah, fuck that it's like 6 hour drive
Bart: and it will be even worse on the way back
Matthew: lol, then i am definitely not going
Matthew: we will spend more time in the freaking car than having
Bart: no shit lol, and he said it's close hahaha
Mike: hahaha, that was bullshit
Mike: Matt how about you throw a party?
Matthew: i was talking with Meggy already
Matthew: i think it's possible to do it at our place
Bart: that would be perfect lol, 5 minute walk for us :D
Mike: exactly, convince her dude
Matthew: i will do my best boys :D
Summary: Bart, Matthew and Mike think that the place Greg suggested is too far. Matthew will try to throw a party at his and Meggy's place. 
Dialogue: Rachel: Hey Joey, Have you met the doctor you told me about??
Joey: Yes !! i went on a date with her today...
Rachel: WOW.. How was your date ???
Joey: Well!! She is amazing .. I have never met anyone like ger before..
Rachel: Ahan!!! Impressed at first date.. Impressive...
Joey: You must meet her.. She is very jolly and she is best.. BEST..
Rachel: Well now i must definitely meet her...
Joey: I will arrange a meeting with her...
Rachel: Sure
Summary: Joey had a date with a doctor he was telling Rachel about. He is amazed. He will arrange a meeting with her since Rachel wants to see her.
Dialogue: Eric: Hi, remember the gym today? 
Donna: Yep. Can we meet around 3?
Eric: Sure, I will meet you by your house at 3.
Donna: Right, see you there. Hope it's gonna be fun.
Eric: It sure will.
Summary: Eric will meet Donna by her house at 3 and go to the gym together later.
Dialogue: Joan: Hello dear, didn't see you in church today!
Jean: Oh, well, my back is playing me up, I think it's sciatica again!
Joan: Oh no! Not again! Tom had that, he was in pain for weeks.
Jean: Well, it's not too bad at the moment, I've got some of Donald's painkillers just in case.
Joan: Now you be careful, check they haven't expired.
Jean: No, they're fine, he has loads!
Joan: Don't become an opiate addict will you, darling?
Jean: I'm not that stupid! I am very careful with medicines, you do remember that we were both nurses for 40 bloody years, don't you!
Joan: Yes, of course, but I know that when you're in pain it's easy to self-medicate and overdo it. Perhaps you should go to the Dr.
Jean: Maybe, if it gets worse, they're busy enough with real problems.
Joan: Well, just take care, that's all. How are Maisy, Harry and the kids?
Jean: Well, the two oldest have just started secondary and Idris hates it! The little ones are still in primary, getting on well, it seems. Harry may have to move to Scotland, though.
Joan: Oh, that's so far away, let's hope not!
Jean: Yes, but it's lots more money, so he is considering it seriously.
Joan: Well, I'm sure it'll work out for the best. Did Stella call in? 
Jean: Yes, after church, she came in snooping to see why I didn't turn up, nosy bitch!
Joan: Well, since Ken died she's lonely and wants to chat even more, she doesn't come up for air!
Jean: You're telling me! She stayed for almost 3 hours, I had to tell her I had to go to bed to rest my back, couldn't get rid of her otherwise!
Joan: I'm the same, I do try and dodge her at church if possible, but she often seeks me out and I'm stuck for the whole morning, she insists on going to the Church Hall for coffees.
Jean: Perhaps we should try to find her a new husband! Your brother's a widower, isn't he? 
Joan: Bloody Nora! Can you imagine having Stella as your sister in law! No, I don't think Bill will be up for that!
Jean: Anyway, must go start dinner, see you next Weds, hopefully, back permitting.
Joan: Rest yourself now, lovely. See you soon!
Summary: Jean didn't come to church today due to her back pain. Jean takes painkillers for it. Jean and Joan were nurses for 40 years. Harry is considering moving to Scotland for work. Stella visited Jean after church and overstayed her welcome as she tends to do. Joan's brother is a widower.
Dialogue: Lorelai: The protest starts at 3 o'clock
Emily: Where exactly are we meeting?
Lorelai: It says on FB that everyone's meeting in front of the national museum
Emily: It might be crowded, though, I'd prefer to meet somewhere else and walk together
Lorelai: That's better, let's meet next to Costa Coffee
Emily: Great. Who's in charge of the posters?
Lorelai: Mary
Emily: What do we use this time?
Lorelai: Same as the last - #girlsjustwannahavefundamentalhumanrights
Emily: <file_photo>
Lorelai: exactly, and also
Lorelai: <file_photo>
Emily: Great, I will also have an EU flag and that small trumpety thing that the police hate so much
Lorelai: see you at 3 then!!!
Emily: byeeee
Summary: Lorelai and Emily will meet for the protest at 3 next to Costa Coffee. They are going to use posters, EU flag and a trumpet. 
Dialogue: Alice: Hey,  I am so sorry but I guess we couldn't meet this Saturday.
Emma: What? I thought we meet tomorrow for sure. What happened?
Alice: We both don't like museums that much, and he is kinda shy to meet people.
Emma: In that case it's okay. I understand. But I already asked my husband if he could make time and hang around together.
Emma: Since it was you who suggested this plan to spend time together, I thought it was already fixed. 
Emma: Now I should tell him that it wasn't a fixed plan, which WOULD HAVE BEEN much easier if you had asked your future-to-be boy friend first.
Alice: Really? I thought it wasn't the fixed plan. 
Alice: Coming to think about him again, I was not sure if t would be alright to introduce him somebody yet since I  also don't know about him that much yet.
Alice: But I didn't take it into account the possibility it could sound like a clear plan to you and I didn't think that way. Sorry once more. 
Emma: Sorry as well if I reacted too sensitively.
Alice: No. You and your husband both are not students and you must be much busier than I am.
Alice: I thought only in my point of view. Sorry.
Emma: Thank for understanding my point of view. It is necessary for us to know about our tendencies in our personalities and this is good thing we could get to know about the different point of view.
Alice: Yes. I think so too. Next time I will be more careful. 
Alice: But what about your weekend plan? Is it okay?
Emma: No worries. We are gonna clean our house or go somewhere. 
Emma: By the way, how has it been going with the problem with your roommate?
Alice: Ah, it went going unexpected better than I ever expected.
Alice: Unexpectedly*
Emma: Really? How come?
Alice: I said to her we should talk and she also talked to me she had wanted the same.
Emma: That's great! You have been worried how you should talk with her cause she is too emotional to talk with.
Alice: I know! I am happy I didn't need to say like I would move out because of you.
Emma: How was it possible? What did she say exactly?
Summary: Alice was supposed to introduce her future boyfriend to Emma and her husband but eventually she changed her mind. She thought the meeting wasn't fixed but Emma understood it otherwise, and this thwarted her plans a little. Alice also talked to her roommate about moving out.
Dialogue: Donna: Hi Rach, everyone ok your end?
Rachel: Hello Donna! Long time no See! How's my favourite cousin!?
Donna: Not sure, haven't seen Wendy since Christmas.
Rachel: Very funny! How did Oliver get on?
Donna: Well, quite well, I think. He had 5 A levels, 4 A*s and 1 A.
Rachel: Quite well!? That’s fanfuckingtastic!!! You've obviously got the brains on your side of the family!
Donna: Thanks! Well, what about Jay?
Rachel: 3 Bs, he's over the moon! He's got into his course and all set to be off!
Donna: Russell Group, is it?
Rachel: What, sorry?
Donna: I mean, I assume, he's got into a Russell Group university, I mean the others are ok, but really, you know, not that good!
Rachel: I honestly don't know. He got the grades, was accepted and he's going. Simple as. We're all very proud of him, actually. He's saving up for a car now.
Donna: Well, as long as you're all happy with it, that's fine. We can't all be high fliers.
Rachel: Now, hang on a sec, Donna. You're my cousin and we've always got on well, but I'm not going to put my son down and ruin his happiness just because he didn't get bleeding A* grades! 
Donna: No, of course. I'm sure you've been as supportive as you are able to be. I believe in really pushing children to achieve.
Rachel: God, you are really something, Donna! Jay is a happy, confident boy and I leave him to his own devices because I trust him!
Donna: Well, Oliver has downloaded his reading list already and is working through them. The competition to stand out in law is fierce. A little encouragement wouldn't go amiss for Jay.
Rachel: Ok, I've had enough of this conversation! Jay is well adjusted and people like him. That's more than I can say for Oliver!
Donna: Well, we'll see about that in 5 years time when Oliver is earning 6 figures and Jay is still scraping a living doing his weird so-called art!
Rachel: Bye Donna, I think you've said quite enough!
Summary: Donna is proud of Oliver for getting good grades. Rachel is happy for Jay as he got into his course. Rachel and Donna have a disagreement on their sons' education.
Dialogue: Max: did you already watch the finale?
Henry: did it yesterday
Daniel: finished it this morning
Daniel: I was afraid you would spoil something as you tend to do :P
Max: and?
Henry: honestly? a bit disappointing
Henry: looking at the whole season and the past few episodes I was expecting way more
Max: me too but it wasn't that bad
Henry: I didn't say it was bad, just that I was expecting more :P
Daniel: any news on the next season?
Daniel: did they get renewed?
Max: yes but this time we will have to wait for a whole year
Henry: that's one of the problems of the finale
Daniel: what do you mean?
Henry: if you think about it, you can see that they didn't knew what direction to take
Henry: I believe they didn't knew if the show would be renewed so they had to settle for a semi-open ending
Henry: and that hurt this finale
Daniel: yeah, seemed that way
Daniel: but for me it was good anyway
Max: the whole season was one of the best without doubt
Henry: let's hope they'll keep improving in the next one
Summary: Max, Daniel and Henry have watched the season finale of a series. Henry was disappointed by the finale. Daniel and Max rather liked it. Max liked the whole season. The series got renewed and will air next year. Henry thinks the finale was hurt by the uncertainty of the series' renewal at the time.
Dialogue: Omarosa: Actually I am so glad
Omarosa: We don't have that much work to do this week
Lindsey: I agree
Lindsey: In February tho...
Omarosa: Oh no don't talk about feb 
Lindsey: xd
Lindsey: I wouldn't get too relaxed for now 
Summary: Omarosa and Lindsey don't have too much work this week, but February will be busy for them. 
Dialogue: Rick: you should be glad you didn't go to brenda's dinner yesterday
Rick: it was a disaster lol :-/
Danny: why do you say that?
Rick: her dinner parties are usually awesome
Danny: number one, the food was gross 8‑D
Danny: she made this weird dish that was supposed to be a family recipe
Danny: and it gave me the worst stomachache in the world :-///
Rick: lol stop complaining
Danny: AND number two, only a handful of people were there :-(
Danny: none of them i knew
Rick: i've been in that position
Danny: it's really uncomfortable!!!
Rick: tell me about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Danny: did you leave early?
Rick: i did, i was there for less than an hour
Summary: Danny hated yesterdy's dinner party at Brenda's as the food was terrible, there were not many people there and he didn't know anybody, so he left early.
Dialogue: Etham: You home mate?
Johnny: Yap.
Etham: Got stuck preparing a meal. Have you got spare 3 eggs?
Johnny: :)) Come on up.
Etham: OMW
Summary: Johnny will lend 3 eggs to Etham.
Dialogue: Fawx : Have you seen the roads are being polished?
Alexis : Which road
Fawx : The service road heading to city centre.
Alexis : Yeah people were facing so much problem. I am going to see that.
Fawx : Okaay then see you there i am also there :P
Summary: Fawx and Alexis will meet at the service road which is being polished.
Dialogue: Ann: we're in this little village in Umbria
Ann: <file_photo>
Terry: so cute!
Mary: and even some snow!
Ann: yes, but we're cosy here
Mary: sightseeing a lot?
Ann: actually mostly sitting in our little cottage
Ann: cooking pasta and having sex
Terry: very romantic
Mary: so it seems the crises is over
Ann: not really, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day
Mary: how horrible
Ann: I think he's just addicted
Mary: but please, don't try to save him
Ann: I don't, but it's sad to look at it
Terry: I imagine
Ann: so all of this is a bit destructive
Mary: crazy, and he has everything: a beautiful, loving girlfriend, all this fortune, family
Ann: yes, but these things don't make sense
Mary: so true
Summary: Ann and her partner are staying in a cottage in a little village near Umbria, mainly cooking pasta and having sex. Ann's partner is addicted, he takes 4 pills of Xanax every day.
Dialogue: Brayden: you forgot your purse at my place
Sandra: can i pick it up tomorrow?
Brayden: i'll be here all day
Summary: Tomorrow, Sandra will pick up the purse that she left at Brayden's place.
Dialogue: George: Kayle is saying
George: That he wont be back until next week
Kayla: You know exactly when 
Kayla: hes back? 
George: probably 13th xd
George: I don't feel like him being back
Kayla: I know haha
Kayla: Never washes his dishes
George: never cleans up after him 
Kayla: Not the worst roommate tho 
George: xd
George: Defo better than Ava
Kayla: That girl was
Kayla: Just horrible
George: Kayle buys us food sometimes tho
Kayla: That is true
Kayla: There are good things and bad things about him
Kayla: His room is still a mess since he moved in
Kayla: And its almost the end of the year haha
George: Jesus
Summary: George lets Kayla know what Kayle will be back probably on the 13th. George doesn't miss him as Kayle is a tough roommate, yet still he's better than Ava. 
Dialogue: Vivian: what's the title of this movie - it's really famous - when in the end it turns out that the protagonist was a ghost all along?
Liv: if you mean a movie with Nicole Kidman it was called "The others"
Olga: or if you mean a Bruce Willis movie it was "The sixth sense"
Vivian: " 6th sense! That's it, thank you!
Olga: haha, you're welcome
Summary: Vivian forgot the name of a movie, in which the protagonist turns out to be a ghost all along. Liv proposes the movie "The Others". Olga proposes "The Sixth Sense". The latter is the one Vivian had in mind.
