Dialogue: Willow: hey hey :) can you help me with something?
Paula: sure :) what is that?
Willow: you know your way around this stuff
Willow: so what exactly is 'ks' in the word 'książe'? like a phoneme? a morpheme? just a pair of sounds? Help! :o
Paula: hahaha 
Paula: i think it's an affricate
Paula: it's a plosive + fricative
Paula: and I also guess it belongs together with 'i' so it gets labialized 
Paula: but don't quote me on that lol :D 
Paula: <file_other>
Willow: thank you so much Paulz <3 <3 <3
Paula: no problem :)
Summary: Paula explains the classification of consonants in the Polish word 'książę' to Willow.
Dialogue: Bruce: Hey
Kate: Hi Bruce :)
Bruce: On scale from 1 to 10, how well are you prepared for tomorrow's exam?
Kate: 1 
Bruce: :o
Kate: I haven't even opened the notes yet :/
Bruce: Are you going to?
Kate: I really don't want to, but I guess my sense of decency won't let me ignore it.
Kate: But I'm sleepy and the gravity of my bed is so strong, I can't resist it.
Bruce: Read notes in your bed :)
Kate: That will result in immediate falling asleep :)
Bruce: Right :)
Bruce: You just made me feel better :P
Bruce: I have similar lack of motivation to even open the book.
Bruce: <file_photo>
Kate: Haha. See you tomorrow Bruce, and good luck to us!
Bruce: Good night and good luck Kate! :P
Summary: Kate isn't prepared for the exam, but she goes anyway. Bruce is demotivated as well.
Dialogue: Jess: When the fuck am I going to stop thinking about him? :/ 
Lindsay: I honestly don't know, man. I've been there, believe me.
Jess: It's just so fucking exhausting, I wish I could just move on I really do but this asshole is just stuck in my head :( 
Lindsay: Well... you wanna get drunk or something?
Jess: Yeah, every day, but that won't solve anything
Lindsay: I know it's cliche but just give it some time
Summary: Jess is frustrated as she can't stop thinking about a certain man.
Dialogue: Ian: let's go out later
Tim: later?
Ian: yeah, let's go later, meet at the bar and then join the others even later
Tim: ugh ok, you weirdo ;)
Summary: Ian and Tim are going to meet at the bar and join the others later.
Dialogue: Kathryn: <file_other>
Kathryn: one day I’m gonna buy this for Ron
Kathryn: they’re gonna go wild :D
Kathryn: it works with a PC
Kathryn: or maybe we could find one that runs with PS4
Josh: :D
Kathryn: would make a great game
Kathryn: plus it’s music practice 
Josh: for bday maybe?
Kathryn: yeah I’m thinking next year maybe
Kathryn: this year i don’t think they’d appreciate it
Josh: k
Summary: Kathryn is thinking of buying a game with music practice for Ron's birthday next year. 
Dialogue: Nat: Hey, did you see that fb event 'Self-defence for beginners'?
Olivia: Hiya, i saw you're interested, but I didn't click on it
Nat: You should have lol
Olivia: Is it like the first free entry and then you pay monthly?
Nat: I checked, lessons are free 😎
Nat: It's supported by city's funding
Olivia: Cool
Olivia: Let's try it, I always wanted to
Nat: Me too!
Nat: Here you have a link:
Nat: <file_other>
Olivia: Thanks, we'll be invincible!
Nat: I guess we'll be safe eventually.
Nat: See you on Monday then? First class, don't be late!
Olivia: Sure, see ya!
Summary: Nat and Olivia will attend the first class of 'Self-defence for beginners' on Monday. 
Dialogue: Will: i'm trying to study for my exam but i can't pay attention
Judy: why?
Will: my roommate is playing music, the dog next door won't stop barking
Will: my phone keeps on ringing
Will: I have a stomachache
Will: shall i continue?
Judy: why don't you come to my place to study?
Judy: i'm going out and this place is unbelievable quiet
Will: i'm taking you up on the offer
Judy: you'll be able to concentrate :-)
Will: thanks so much!
Summary: Will's trying to study but it's impossible. His roommate is playing music, the dog next door is barking, his phone keeps ringing and he has a stomachache. Judy's place is quiet and, as she's going out, she offers Will to come there to study. He accepts.
Dialogue: Kian: The guys want to order pizza for tonight
Kian: Are you joining us?
David: What time do you want to eat?
Kian: They want to order now
Kian: We're all quite hungry
David: I wont't be home until later
David: But you can order for me
David: I'll eat when I come back
Kian: Cool, any preferences?
David: Anything is ok for me
Kian: Ok 
David: I should be home around 10
Kian: See you later!
Summary: Kian's friends will order a pizza. David will have it after he comes back home.
Dialogue: Leonardo: U wanna do something ?
Maya: Like what?
Leonardo: Tell me
Maya: I wanna meet you
Leonardo: What's your hotel name?
Maya: Hotel brown. So are we meeting today or no?
Leonardo: I'm coming
Maya: Ok nice, I will get ready
Leonardo: Ok
Maya: What time will u be here?
Leonardo: I'm leaving now
Maya: Ok. Where are you?
Leonardo: Give me the hotel address
Maya: Viale pola 29
Summary: Leonardo will meet Maya today at Hotel Brown.
Dialogue: Timmy: So who else?
Gemma: What about Mark?
Timmy: Your ex?
Gemma: Yeah. 
Timmy: Are you sure about it?
Gemma: Y not?
Timmy: Well, the last time u guys spoke things escalated pretty quickly. 
Gemma: It's not like that. We just disagreed on something and it looked like we were having a fight.
Timmy: What did you disagree on?
Gemma: Our break-up?
Timmy: Thought as much. 
Gemma: What do u mean?
Timmy: Well, ur clearly still in love with him and can't get over the fact that he left u and has a new girlfriend.
Gemma: He has a new gf?
Timmy: I thought u knew. Sry to break it to u like that.
Gemma: It's fine. Still?
Timmy: No. I think it'll be healthier for u not to invite him.
Gemma: Maybe ur right.
Timmy: See, I'm like ur conscience :) I tell u what's good and bad for u, but it's up to u to decide ;)
Gemma: Lol. I was also thinking about Josephine...
Timmy: Her?!
Gemma: Yeah. Y not?
Timmy: Well, we have kinda history together...
Gemma: But she has a bf!
Timmy: Party. Drunk. One thing led to another. Still feel awkward around her. 
Gemma: Her bf know?
Timmy: No. And it's best if it stays that way.
Gemma: Your secret's safe with me.
Timmy: Thank you.
Gemma: Don't mention it.
Summary: Gemma and her ex-boyfriend Mark had a disagreement about their break-up last time. Timmy has history with Josephine. Timmy and Gemma agree not to invite Mark or Josephine to the party.
Dialogue: Billy: Man, what was the name of that film with this guy who took DMT and was killed and his soul was flying over Tokio?
Will: Enter the Void?
Billy: Yes! I've been looking for this film and I could't remember the title.
Will: I've seen that film 3 times. Each time I was high, and each time I had seen something different in that movie.
Billy: Hahah! Admit it, you just fell asleep after title screen!
Will: Hah. No that's not true. But if you count in the times I've fallen asleep while watching it, then I've seen it 6 times :P
Billy: :) :) :) Ha! Don't smoke too much. Everything is unhealthy when it's too much.
Will: You're totally right! 
Billy: Anyway, thanks for the movie. You've helped me with my plans for evening.
Will: Sure, no problem. Have a nice evening then! Bye!
Billy: Bye!
Summary: Billy has been looking for a movie called Enter the Void. Will has seen it three times.
Dialogue: Tom: fuck, I'm so tired today, barely alive
Kate: still the jet lag
Tom: yes...
Grace: don't give up!
Summary: Tom suffers from jet lag.
Dialogue: Aaron: wtf
Aaron: a guy was jumping with a parachute and fell down
Aaron: the parachute didn't open or sth
Aaron: and he would've died
Karen: whaa? like today?
Aaron: but he fell into an anthill
Kenneth: O_O
Aaron: no a couple of years ago or sth
Karen: oh ok and?
Aaron: so he landed in the anthill but these ants' bites were like extremely painful
Karen: oops
Aaron: when they rescued her the docs at the hospital said that the ants' bites were the thing that had kept her alive :O
Kenneth: what? why
Aaron: because she felt the excruciating pain and it kind of motivated her heart or sth
Kenneth: wow. that''s what i call luck.
Karen: that's what i call a shitty day xD
Aaron: hahah xD
Summary: Few years ago there was a woman whose parachute didn't open. She fell on an anthill. Doctors said the ants' bites helped her survive, because the pain they caused stimulated the heart.
Dialogue: Tony: What about this? <file_picture>
Lisa: What's that? Looks really tasty.
Ruby: Is that the pork cutlet with avocado and salad?
Tony: The one and only :)
Lisa: Contains avocado? Out of the question. He won't even come near one.
Ruby: Well, he's actually quite choosy. 
Tony: You can say that again.
Lisa: I really need your help. Have u got any other ideas?
Ruby: How about this? <file_photo>
Tony: That's really tasty and simple :) if u like spicy food :)
Lisa: He actually loves it. The spicier the better :) What is it?
Ruby: Chipotle chicken fajitas!
Lisa: Okay, let's check if I have everything:
Ruby: chicken breasts, cumin, chilli powder, salt, pepper, oil, bell pepper, onion, mushrooms, garlic cloves, chipotles, lime juice and cheddar.
Tony: Don't forget the tortillas!
Lisa: Okay, I don't have the chipotles, but regular jalapenos will do. And instead of tortillas, he'll get plain bread.
Ruby: I think that'll do.
Lisa: How much time do I need?
Tony: More or less 30 mins.
Lisa: More than enough! Okay, can you send me the recipe?
Ruby: Here you go <file_other>
Lisa: Thanks! I don't know what I would've done without the both of you!
Tony: Well-fed husband, happy husband ;)
Ruby: Rotlf
Lisa: I'm just printing it out and making small corrections.
Tony: Tell us later how he managed to cook it!
Ruby: Actually, pretty curious myself ;)
Lisa: Don't worry, will do :) thanks again!
Summary: Ruby sent Lisa a recipe for Chipotle chicken fajitas.
Dialogue: Aaron: Booked us a couples massage!
Harriet: Are you serious????
Aaron: Friday at 1pm
Harriet: OMG! So cool!
Aaron: Then we have the spa all day after if we want to lounge lol
Harriet: You are officially the best!
Aaron: We gotta work our butts off at the gym first
Harriet: Huh? that doesn't sound that great
Aaron: It's gonna be a lovely Friday
Harriet: Meh, not really for me!
Aaron: This is going to be great, we will work out a little and then chill
Harriet: Little biking only, it is not my working out day
Aaron: Sure, that sounds good enough
Harriet: I'll earn my rest on Thursday!
Summary: Aaron booked a couples massage for himself and Harriet. They are going on Friday at 1pm. Before the massage they're going to the gym.
Dialogue: Daniel: hi there
Viv: hey
Daniel: how are you doing?
Viv: there's just too much work...
Daniel: ohhh... how are you coping?
Viv: i had to stay at the office until 10 pm yesterday and i came in at 8
Viv: I feel like I don't even remember what sunlight looks like anymore
Daniel: do you get paid overtime at least?
Viv: i surely fucking hope i will
Viv: they always tell us we'll get additional days off but then there's never a suitable time for that
Daniel: hell :( I wish i could help
Viv: well, it's nice to see that someone cares
Viv: so tell me something about you
Viv: and please let it not be work-related
Daniel: so.... i'll be going to Morocco in January
Viv: oh that's great
Viv: I wish i had enough vacation days for that... oh i shouldnt have said that
Daniel: lol
Daniel: it's okay
Daniel: yeah i'm just going for 6 days
Daniel: i'll be sure to bring you something nice
Viv: :) yay
Viv: well i'll be getting back to work....
Daniel: got it. good luck!
Viv: thx
Summary: Viv is working a lot. She had worked for 14 hours yesterday. Daniel is going to Morocco for 6 days in January. 
Dialogue: Freya: The train is 30 minutes delayed
Daisy: Why didn’t you tell me earlier?
Daisy: I’ve already left to pick you up
Freya: They told us just now
Summary: Freya's train is 30 minutes delayed. Daisy has already left to pick Freya up. 
Dialogue: Trudy: Let's go out this weekend
Leslie: Clubbing?
Trudy: I was thinking more of a dinner
Han: Cool
Han: I can recommend a few places to eat
Leslie: Ok
Trudy: I'd love to eat Indian food
Han: I know a great Indian restaurant downtown
Summary: Trudy, Leslie and Han will go for dinner to an Indian restaurant this weekend.
Dialogue: Rafael: What time you expect to come?
Rafael: Just to know more or less when I can go for lunch ;)
Monica: Sorry, I was going to call you but I had a long meeting
Monica: I'm driving to your office now
Monica: The traffic is terrible let me check
Rafael: OK take it easy
Monica: Be at your work in 15 minutes
Monica: I am at your building waiting downstairs ;)
Rafael: Going down now
Monica: Awesome
Summary: Rafael was waiting on Monica, as he wanted to go for lunch. Monica did not call, because she had a long meeting. Driving to Rafael's office took Monica 15 minutes due to the traffic jam. 
Dialogue: Anastasia: Let's go to the Disneyland
Marlene: When?
Jenny: Yes 🤗
Summary: Anastasia, Marlene and Jenny are planning to go to the Disneyland.
Dialogue: Meggy: I am not sure if you've heard it but they are changing the office.
Brad: They are? For a bigger one?
Meggy: No, for a smaller one lol - they don't have the money anymore, almost everyone resigned
Brad: well that does not surprise me much
Meggy: we are moving next month, they just started selling some furniture
Brad: Are they selling this grey couch? I want it... I miss it so much
Meggy: No hahahaha, Monica said she is taking it
Brad: no way :( that sucks
Meggy: yeah, but you can have a chair if you want, the red ones, remember those?
Brad: I wanted the couch...
Summary: Meggy and Brad's company is changing the office. Therefore, the company started selling some furniture. Brad would like to take the couch, but Monica has already reserved it.
Dialogue: Mike: morning
Mike: the meeting is at 10 am, so dont be late
Harvey: ok, thanks for the update
Summary: Mike reminds Harvey the meeting's at 10 am.
Dialogue: Malia: I am very sad to hear about professors death
Colby: Yeah he was very good teacher
Malia: Did you go to his funeral?
Colby: I did
Malia: I didnt see you there?
Colby: neither did I there was too much crown
Malia: May his soul Rest in Peace
Colby: Amen
Summary: Malia and Colby went to the professor's funeral. They did not see each other, as there was much crowd there.
Dialogue: Amy: Something horrible happened to me on the bus last night
Dorothy: OMG are you ok?
Lisa: Fuck! What happened?
Amy: Physically I'm ok but I'm still shaking
Amy: It was in the evening on the bus 446
Amy: I was going back home after uni 
Amy: Somewhere in Duque de Caxias a middle-aged guy entered the bus
Amy: As there was a free seat next to me he sat by my side 
Amy: After a few minutes my hell begun
Amy: "You will get off with me when I tell you" he said in a very low voice
Amy: "And don't even try to scream, I have a knife"
Dorothy: This is horrible!!!
Amy: he told me to stay calm 
Amy: And that we would go to a park and he would rape me
Amy: I'm crying when I think of it
Lisa: Dear, you don't have to tell us if it's to painful
Lisa: Or we can come over and sit with you 
Amy: I was terrified, didn't know what to do 
Amy: Then I saw a guy standing in the aisle, a young guy my age
Amy: He was listening to the music
Amy: I started staring at him and when this monster sitting next to me turned around 
Amy: I managed to let him know that I needed help
Amy: Then he understood what was going on and he pretended that he knew me
Amy: "Hi Bruna" he said "you changed, I didn't recognise you"
Amy: I told him that I changed indeed, I painted my hair and lost some weight
Amy: We started talking about some random stuff pretending we know each other
Amy: Then he said that there were two free seats and we could seat together
Amy: He literally dragged me out of this monster hands
Amy: I was super scared but it worked
Amy: That man got off on the next stop and I couldn't stop crying 
Summary: Amy had an unpleasant encounter with a stranger on the bus 446 in the evening. A young man rescued her from the situation.
Dialogue: Jenny: heeeeey anyone there
Jason: yep
Jason: what's up?
Dan: me too
Jenny: nothing, just wanted to check sth xd
Summary: Jenny wanted to check something.
Dialogue: Loretta: Did you call me?
Loretta: Hello??
Amy: What? when?
Loretta: Just now
Loretta: I've got a missed call from you on messenger
Amy: No, I didn't!
Amy: Must have been a buttcall or something, sorry :D
Amy: <file_gif>
Loretta: haha, ok, no worries
Summary: Loretta got a missed call from Amy on messenger, but Amy didn't call her. 
Dialogue: Dan: Happy birthday!
Olga: You remembered. Every year you remember. Thank you so much.
Dan: Yes, I can't forget, you know...
Olga: Really, and why is that, I wonder?
Dan: I've got one of those electronic calendar apps in my Google Account.
Summary: Dan gave Olga birthday wishes.
Dialogue: Kendra: Good morning, do you have a space for children in your restaurant?
Brayan: Of course, we have a small playground at the end of the main room, around are the tables for parents so you can look after your baby 
Kendra: That’s great! Are there any toys or do I have to bring some?
Brayan: No, just a few teddies.
Kendra: OK, one more question, do you have a menu for children?
Brayan: Yes, you can check it out on our website, like all the dishes we serve.
Kendra: Awesome, in that case I want to make a reservation for two adult and one child for 5PM today.
Brayan: No problem, just give me your name.
Kendra: Kendra Duffy.
Brayan: OK, the table will be ready.
Kendra: Thank you.
Summary: Kendra has booked a table for two adults and one infant for 5 pm. The restaurant has a small playground and features a menu for children. There are just a few teddies to play with.
Dialogue: Max: My dad just quit smoking
Max: But bought e-cigarette instead
Max: Not sure if it's less poisoning or there are just too few studies about it, but as I can see he vapes much more often than he smoked a normal cigarette
Jake: Yeah. I know.
Jake: It's like even while reading a book you still have this robotic ciggy in your mouth.
Max: Hope he quits that too :/
Summary: Max's dad doesn't smoke anymore. Max wants him to stop vaping too.
Dialogue: Dominick: Hello, Aretha. Just to let you know, I will be 15 minutes late. I’m sorry but the city is really busy today.
Aretha: Hi, Dominick. Thank you for letting me know. See you soon, then!
Dominick: Thank you for understanding. See you!
Summary: Aretha has to wait for Dominick as he will be 15 minutes late.
Dialogue: Jim: <file_other>
Jim: check it out - a huge sale on books and cd's
John: wow, awesome :)
John: where did you find it? 
Jim: a friend sent me the link. I guess they are closing down and have a clearance sale
John: always sad to see a business go down, but if it means bargains for me then I'm not complaining :)
Jim: same :) but I guess that mean's no savings for me this month :)
John: lol :) same here - always end up buying more than I need :)
Jim: remember, there's no such thing as too many books :)
John: agreed :)
Summary: Jim tips off John about a clearance sale on books and cd's.
Dialogue: Mike: How's California? :)
Ana: So far so good! I went to my first science event at Berkeley yesterday!
Mike: Wow :D how was it?
Ana: fantastic! I finally feel a sense of purpose of some sort. Just have to find a way to make it work in the long run...
Mike: I'm sure you will. Where are you staying?
Ana: Miracle Mile. by the Grove
Mike: Cool! How's that article coming along?
Ana: Oh, it's fine, I just need to obtain references for my masters application so I figured it might help...
Mike: I see. It's really great that you're so driven!
Ana: I try :)
Mike: So what are you gonna study?
Ana: Psychology next year, hopefully. I still need to find another professor to write me a recommendation though.
Mike: Well, I'm sure you will. I remember doing that neuroscience course with you, you were the favourite of all the lecturers :)
Ana: I guess... it's easy to be good when you're passionate about something. I'm actually planning to focus on cognitive psychology. 
Mike: Have you read "How the mind works" by Pinker?
Ana: I have, he has a great understanding of evolutionary psychology, such a fantastic mind. Maybe one day I will be lucky enough to go to his lecture...
Mike: and he's definitely less annoying than Chomsky!
Ana: That's true... Especially since Chomsky's gone so political
Summary: Ana is at Berkley in California. She's staying at Miracle Mile. She wants to study cognitive psychology and needs a professor to support her application. She admires Pinker. Neither her nor Mike are fans or Chomsky. 
Dialogue: Olivia: Who are you voting for in this election? 
Oliver: Liberals as always.
Olivia: Me too!!
Oliver: Great
Summary: Olivia and Olivier are voting for liberals in this election. 
Dialogue: Mavis: my leg hurts
Mavis: do u think it's beacuse of that match?
Delia: maybe
Delia: but it can be beacuse of high heels
Delia: u better check it
Mavis: yes, I'll go to a doctor
Mavis: :(
Summary: Mavis's legs hurt either because of the match or because of high heels. She will see a doctor.
Dialogue: Rob: 40 minutes to go 
Robert: I am so bored
Robert: Should we just leave now
Alex: He's gonna talk about the exam
Alex: Don't leave! 
Rob: I would probably just stay then
Rob: You're right Alex 
Rob: And he's gonna give us back our second midterm
Robert: Lol I probably failed it 
Alex: I hope not
Alex: They probably curved our marks hahaha
Robert: Probably curved down 🤣🤣
Rob: Bro 
Rob: haha no shit 
Alex: That girl is talking way to o much 
Robert: Shes got angels voice
Alex: I wouldn't say so... 
Alex: lolz
Rob: because she's his daughter! 
Alex: What heck? 
Rob: No kidding
Rob: Sierra told me 
Robert: He probably curved up the marks then
Alex: XD 
Summary: Robert and Rob want to leave the classroom, but Alex convinces them to stay. Robert, Rob and Alex want to find out what they should learn before the exam, and they wonder if the teacher will curve up the marks. According to Sierra, the girl talking in the classroom is a teacher's daughter.
Dialogue: David: Are we taking any classes together next term? 
Gina: Idk 
Gina: I can probably take one class 
Gina: With you 
David: Wanna take ECON 232? 
Gina: ughh 
Gina: Sounds hard af
David: SHouldn't be that bad
Gina: Do we really have to take ECON though?
David: Nahh
Gina: Maybe GEO210
David: I took it already
Gina: Whaaat? 
Gina: K we can go with Econ then 
David: Ye the prof is good 
David: He's not that harsh
David: 2 midterms but still 
Gina: Ye I see
Gina: I had Bruneau once
David: K let's take ECON232
Gina: Nice Nice 😁
Summary: David and Gina will take ECON 232. There will be 2 midterms, but the professor is not that harsh.
Dialogue: Amanda: Do you know where is Peter? I've seen some pics on fb, looks amazing
Maria: He's in italy
Amanda: But where exactly?
Logan: Abruzzo
Summary: Peter is in Abruzzo.
Dialogue: Sean: My grandad turns 100 2moro!
Josephine: Wow, that's amazing.I never met anyone 100
Sean: me neither. he looks pretty good though
Josephine: how bout health?
Sean: relatively good I guess. I mean, he's got all kinds of illnesses, but this is also true about 80 year olds right?
Josephine: that's fantastic really. are you organizing any party?
Sean: not me, but the family yes, at the weekend.
Josephine: oh cool
Sean: yeah, we're having like 50 different people, not just family
Josephine: any of his friends still alive? i mean sorry it's rough and all
Sean: come on, I know what you mean. i dunno really. grandma's long gone
Josephine: that's a pity
Sean: yeah, but grandad's been pretty active and always people around so he's never alone. almost i mean
Josephine: that's good I guess. i reckon loneliness is the worst thing that can happen when you reach this age
Sean: true. 
Josephine: are you buying him anything special?
Sean: that's kinda hard you know. you don't need much when you 100
Josephine: just people around you I guess
Sean: yeah, he always says we are his greatest gift
Josephine: that's sweet ain;t it
Sean: yeah, but I guess I'll do sth for him. you know, DIY & stuff
Josephine: this could be luvly 
Sean: just don't know what to do yet
Josephine: I'm sure you'll come up with sth!
Summary: Sean's grandfather celebrates his 100th birthday tomorrow so they're organizing a party for 50 people at the weekend. Sean might do something for his grandfather rather than buy a present.
Dialogue: James: Hi Andy, do you have plans for the long weekend?
Andy: Don't know yet, why?
James: We are renting a yacht in Croatia and need 3 more people :) interested? 
Andy: sounds good, how much?
James: if we have 8 people it's gonna be around 500 euros including basic food
Andy: and the flights?
James: we are going by car, gas not included
Andy: Croatia is expensive, isn't it?
James: going by car we can take booze with us ;) and use boat resources to maximum
Andy: true true who's we btw, who's going? :)
James: Amy and me, Josh, Patrick and Laura.
Andy: Laura Michaels?
James: I knew you'd be interested :D
Summary: James is renting a yacht in Croatia. He wants to know if Andy would be interested in joining them. Amy, Josh, Patrick and Laura are going with James. They are going by car.
Dialogue: Celia: How are you?
Jessie: Uhh, not so well
Celia: stomach flu is no fun
Jessie: yeah, I feel too weak to old my toothbrush
Celia: not ready for visitors yet
Jessie: you wouldn't want to see that
Celia: hang in there <3
Jessie: thanks!
Summary: Celia is weak because of the stomach flu and doesn't want to see anyone.
Dialogue: Marie: Hello, i can order the Egyptian princess and the Aphrodite outfits for us. There is  one Centurion and one  gladiator or two romans. I didn't find other outfits. Is it ok for you?
Sophie: Guy said "anyway, we'll look silly", so it's up to you.
Marie: are you sure that Anne and Benoit are not  joining us?
Sophie: yes, only the four of us
Marie: ok. In this case we could order the 2 romans. Guy and Paul would be alike.
Sophie: good.
Marie: <file_photo>
Marie: for confirmation. That are the romans one that i'll order?
Sophie: yes thanks. Are you also ordering ours?
Marie:  yes, it's easier. Which size L ou XL for Guy?
Sophie: L is fine. And M for me
Marie: there is only one size for women. Don't eat too much  before the party...
Sophie: we'll be perfect
Marie:  shall we take the  helmet for our men? It's not included?
Sophie: no; they'll look stupid enough without helmet
Marie:  you're right, it's enough
Sophie: but we need shoes...
Marie: Princesses won't go bare foot....lol
Sophie: I don't have golden sandals!
Marie: what's your size?
Sophie: 39
Marie: i must have  some for you
Marie: <file_other>
Sophie: are you opening a shop for branded shoes? 
Marie: LOL... i love shoes
Sophie: i see. thanks l'll come and try some when outfits would be deliver
Marie: ok . I take care of everything
Summary: Marie will order the Egyptian princess and the Aphrodite outfits for her and Sophie and two Romans for Guy and Paul. Guy needs size L. There is only one size for women. Marie has golden sandals size 39 for Sophie, who will come and try them on when the costumes are delivered.
Dialogue: Susan: What time is it where you are?
Sharon: It’s 6 p.m. in Port-au-Prince.
Susan: You still have the whole evening. I’m going to bed.
Sharon: Sleep well!
Summary: Sharon is in Port-au-Prince and it's 6 pm in her time zone. Susan is going to bed.
Dialogue: Hannah: The motherfucker took my spot again
Pamela: Richard?
Anne: I saw him parking... 
Summary: Richard took Hannah's parking spot again. Anne saw it.
Dialogue: George: Can we use the telephone conference line?
George: I have no internet
Vicky: I have no telephone here
Vicky: :(
George: So?
Vicky: Stupid...can I use the mobile to call the conference number?
Vicky: oh, it's OK, I found it
Vicky: We can do it
Vicky: :) :) :)
George: Vicky...! Waiting
Vicky: I'm in 
George: is anyone there?
Vicky: 2 min
Vicky: Sorry
Vicky: Commmiiiing
Summary: George has no internet. For the conference they will use the telephone line instead.
Dialogue: Pieter: could anybody turn on the heating?
Jeff: you can't?
Pieter: I'm in my bed already, please
Maria: I'll do it ;)
Pieter: thanks!!!
Summary: Maria will turn on the heating. 
Dialogue: Alice: I don't know what to buy Bryan for xmas.....
Alice: Any ideas?
Michelle: Cant you just ask him?:)
Alice: Well, ofc I can
Alice: But I wanted to surprise him, you know
Ava: Buying presents for boys...
Ava: The worst thing ever :D
Alice: I totally agree, I've been thinking about it all week
Michelle: There's still a lot of time to figure sth out
Ava: Maybe a game, does he have PS?
Michelle: Nooo, he doesn't, but he's planning to buy
Ava: There you go
Ava: Don't thank me :D
Summary: Alice will probably buy a PS game for Bryan for Christmas. Ava hates buying presents for boys.
Dialogue: Kai: Should we meet at the railway station?
Faith: I will land about 3pm, I don't know how long it will take to arrive to the city centre 
Kai: About 1h-1,5h
Faith: Ok, so 4.30 at the railway station?
Kai: yes!
Faith: But how to arrive there? 😅
Kai: Just take the underground train at the airport, it will bring you to the main station, about 2 Euro I think
Faith: ok, sounds easy
Kai: it is
Faith: See you there!
Kai: See you!
Summary: Faith will meet Kai 4.30 at the railway station. Faith will take the underground train to get to the airport.
Dialogue: Natalie: We are still looking for Joan...
Monique: oh no, it's been 2 days
Barbara: did you contact police?
Natalie: her parents did
Natalie: I'm so worried, I can't even sleep
Monique: I know, but we have to stay strong and search for her
Natalie: I know, I'm trying to use facebook for it and twitter
Monique: it's a great idea and help for her parents
Summary: Joan went missing and her parents contacted police.
Dialogue: Mark: hey so have you already seen altered carbon?
Judie: watched the trailer and tbh im buzzing to watch it... but i dont really have time
Mark: find time then!!
Judie: i will! <3
Mark: ive already watched it and now im hunting for the book it was based on
Judie: so there is a book too? damn, now i think i need to read it first...
Summary: Judie wants to watch "Altered Carbon". Mark has watched it already and wants to get the book it is based on.
Dialogue: Mario: whatsup with uncle lately
Esther: as in?
Mario: he's been stressed off-late
Esther: btw, i've quite noticed how he's been on and off.
Mario: We'll talk to dad and mum and ask them to check on him
Esther: yeah, that soundS perfect.
Mario: bt it needs to be soon
Esther: yeah
Summary: Mario and Esther wonder how their uncle is doing. 
Dialogue: Ryan: I won't make it after all, sorry :/.
Nathan: no way :/
Ryan: Yeah :/.
Blake: what happened...?
Ryan: Gotta take the dog to a vet...
Blake: oh! what's wrong with poor tito?
Ryan: I don't really know, he's not eaten anything for 2 days now :/.
Nathan: oh...
Blake: don't worry, we'll manage without you somehow. hope tito will be ok!
Ryan: I hope so too... Thanks guys, really means a lot!
Nathan: it's fine, fingers crossed everything's ok
Nathan: :)
Summary: Ryan can't come, because his dog isn't eating and he has to take it to the vet.
Dialogue: Sigrid: How much is a table at Sketch? 
Ty: like 600 zlotys? 
Sigrid: And... how many people are coming? 
Ty: 6
Ty: So if we're splitting in six
Ty: That would be 100 zlots pp
Sigrid: Doesn't sound that bad eh? 
Anna: ye I think once in a while if you do that
Anna: Then its not that bad
Sigrid: Drinks included?
Ty: yep
Ty: A bottle of Belvedere with 6 Redbulls
Sigrid: Nice
Summary: A table at Sketch costs 600 zlotys. It can be divided between 6 people and a bottle of Belvedere with 6 redbulls is included.
Dialogue: Carlos: Ieva, I haven't heard from you for a while
Joey: Ieva seems to ignore the group
Mason: Ieva, Ieva, bad girl
Ieva: LOL, no, I've been just busy
Joey: busy with ignoring us
Ieva: No, I'm in Lithuania right now
Joey: visiting your family?
Ieva: yes, my grandmother on the Baltic coast
Ieva: <file_photo>
Mason: how cute both of you are
Ieva: she's 97 so I didn't want to postpone the visit anymore
Mason: of course, and it seems quite nice there
Ieva: very beautiful countryside indeed, a lot of childhood memories
Mason: enjoy then!
Summary: Ieva is visiting her 97-year-old grandmother on the Baltic coast of Lithuania and hasn't been active in the group chat. Ieva finds the place pretty and full of memories.
Dialogue: Greg: Hello. I need an update.
Greg: <file_docx>
Greg: Can be done by anyone, if you don't have time. 
Alice: I'll see to that. What exactly is the most important for you this time?
Greg: Vital statistics.
Alice: Age group?
Greg: All
Alice: Deadline?
Greg: Yesterday
Alice: I needn't have asked...
Greg: The project is already behind the schedule. We need to step on it.
Alice: As far as I can see, people are working really hard. At least in my department. I would be a monster to ask them for more.
Greg: Well, we'll need to turn into monsters for a little while if we want it implemented on time.
Alice: I'll send an update asap.
Greg: Be more specific,
Alice: Tomorrow.
Greg: By noon.
Summary: Alice will send an update for Greg's project tomorrow.
Dialogue: Edward: who wants to go to primavera festival in Barcelona with me? I have one extra ticket!
Charlotte: I've no idea what it is
Robert: you're such a hipster Edward!
William: I want to go there! take me!
Edward: William won!
Summary: Edward has one extra ticket for the Primavera festival in Barcelona and is looking for company. William wants to join him.
Dialogue: Andrea: Hey Sophie, omg I'm so stressed.
Sophie: Hi Andrea, what happened??
Andrea: I got stuck in the elevator :O
Sophie: OMG, were you there alone?
Andrea: No, luckily one of my neighbour's was with me.
Andrea: And thanks to him I didn't have a panic attack...
Sophie: I can only imagine...
Sophie: Were you stuck for long?
Andrea: About 20 minutes, but it felt like eternity.
Andrea: But were safe and sound.
Sophie: Thank goodness!
Summary: Andrea had a very stressful experience because she got stuck in the elevator.
Dialogue: Jude: Did you say you’re going to take a vacation next month?
Ruth: Yes, my family and I are going to New York for a week. Can't wait for it, never been there.
Jude: I envy you. I haven’t had a vacation for a long time. I wish I could get away for a while.
Ruth: You can take a vacation sometime soon, can’t you?
Jude: No, there’s too much work to do. Maybe next year, though.
Summary: Ruth is going for a 1-week vacation to New York with her family.
Dialogue: Ana: hi mum, could you send me the name of the ophtalmologist?
Mum: another headache?
Ana: yes, i'd like to know what to do when it's an ophtamic headache!
Mum: like any others, with paracetamol i guess.
Ana: i can't see my neighbour on my right... that's terrible!
Mum: are you stressed? because you're in the train? you're leaving you mum? you spent an hour in a creepy coffee?
Ana: no i'm not.  But i'm quite upset with that headache
Mum: have a good time in Paris. 
Ana: thanks mum. I'm in the tube.
Mum: where does she live?
Ana: Sèvres i think!
Mum: hope you're sure! is there any metro?
Ana: yep and bus too
Mum: nice trip
Ana: are you already in the train?
Mum: yes that's our turn. Do you see you neighbours now?
Ana: yes i'm feeling much better. See you next year!
Mum: ah ah.. ok see you tomorrow. Have a nice evening
Ana: we're going to the Champs Elysées
Mum: be carefull, it's gonna be crowded tonight. Better stay away from the crowd.
Ana: we'll be safe don't worry. we'll go this afternoon. Tonight we're home
Mum: i prefer...have a good time with your friends.
Ana: thanks mum.  See you tomorrow.
Summary: Ana has a headache. She is in Paris. 
Dialogue: Kate: Hi, when exactly are you coming back from Scotland?
Kate: Cause the last weekend of July is Audioriver and they say it's not the best date for a bachelor party...
Ann: Damn, we're coming back on the 23rd of July 
Ann: or maybe up to 2 days later, if it isn't windy enough...
Kate: :(
Ann: OK, if the last weekend of July isn't a good option, maybe the first weekend of August?
Ann: It's still two weekend to the wedding so it's rather safe
Kate: yeah, OK, that's a good thought
Ann: Most of the things are already done, so you won't have that much on your mind
Ann: And it would be a good idea for you to go somewhere and relax before the wedding.
Kate: OK, I'll look into it
Ann: Cause for you it absolutely has to be the same weekend as the bachelor party, right?
Kate: Yeah... 
Ann: OK, don't worry, we'll think of something!
Kate: Thank you. :*
Ann: Oh, come on, I'm just sorry that our cruise can screw some plans for you...
Ann: I was sure it was a safe distance from the wedding and we could go without causing any problems
Kate: Ann, it's not a problem :) Really.
Ann: OK, then, let me know what the guys say about the first weekend of August.
Kate: Will do :*
Summary: Kate is looking into organising a trip in the weekend of the bachelor's party. July is not possible so she will check early August. 
Dialogue: Art: Did you follow the G20?
Robert: unfortunately yes
Alexis: in times like these I'm painfully remained that this guy is an embarrassment not just in the US
Art: but you gotta admit that he's fun xD
Robert: He's the president, he's supposed to be not fun
Art: but he is and this is the least we can get out of this nightmarish presidency
Art: you saw his face when Putin and MBS did the buddy handshake?
Alexis: or that time he left the president of Argentina standing there alone.
Art: every time he goes abroad there are those priceless moments :D
Alexis: at least you are thinking this way, I'm dying inside
Robert: I envy your optimism my friend.
Art: It's not optimism it's more like... apocalyptic humor :P
Robert: Either way, lend me some of it.
Alexis: me too
Art: You guys should just watch more late night shows that's the recipe.
Summary: Discussing the G20 forum Art claims to have fun out of the situations the US President finds himself in. Robert and Alexis don't share Art's attitude and are embarrassed by the president's behaviours.
Dialogue: Sheila: Hi love, just heading out to Vesuvius now, should be there in 15.
Aisha: Hi, we're on our way too.
Sheila: Great, see you inside.
Aisha: Yes, it's booked under the name Sayeed, table for 4.
Sheila: Thanks babes, see you soon!
Summary: Aisha is seeing Sheila at Vesuvius in 15. Aisha booked a table for 4 under the name Sayeed.
Dialogue: Margo: What time does the band start tonight?
Gerry: It's not tonight, it's tomorrow dufus!
Margo: Oh, crap! I thought it was Saturday!
Gerry: Dumass!
Margo: I'm supposed to be at work in an hour!
Gerry: FAHK!
Margo: Cya!
Summary: Margo thought it was Saturday, but it's Friday and she has to be at work in an hour.
Dialogue: Parker: Ok, its confirmed :D
Cody: Youre really pregnant <3
Parker: I am :) The doctor says everything is fine, I got a bunch of leaflets and everything xp
Cody: I’m so happy, you have no idea
Parker: Me too :*
Cody: When do you want to tell your parents?
Parker: I want to invite them for dinner, what do you think?
Cody: Great, tell me when, we can invite mine too!
Parker: Cool, I’ll call you later :D
Summary: Parker is pregnant. Parker and Cody want to invite their parents for dinner to tell them about the pregnancy. 
Dialogue: Clare: <link_photo>
Julie: Nice ... where are you
Clare: I wish.... It came up on my time hop. It's wineglass bay in Tazmania 😃
Lynne: Hi Clare have a great day happy birthday so glad you have found happiness love Lynne 😀😀😀😀😀❤️
Clare: Thanks Lynne xxxx
Summary: Clare has birthday today. 
Dialogue: Monica: dear friends, I'm writing to you because Ross and I broke up so in the following months I'm asking you to avoid inviting both of us for the same events. I wish it wasn't necessary but right now I can't bring myself to hang out with Ross. I hope you understand
Liam: oh shit im sorry
Pamela: omg are u ok? do you need some place to stay or anything?
Monica: I'm not really in a place to talk much about it
Monica: yes I'm staying at my parents'
Liam: can u tell us what happened?
Pamela: don't push her Liam
Monica: I'll tell u more when we'll meet up
Pamela: ok we will make sure to schedule events to make it easier for you
Liam: I'm still shocked you split
Pamela: me too
Monica: to be honest, it looked way better from the outside than it reallywas
Pamela: :C
Liam: take care Monica, we stay in touch
Pamela: I'm sorry to hear that
Monica: yeah...
Summary: Ross and Monica broke up. Monica wishes not be invited to the same events as Ross. Monica doesn't want to give more details right now. Monica is staying at her parents' place.
Dialogue: Mathéo: man, did you see the new Samsung 10? it looks bomb!
Yuri: yeah man! watched an unboxing yesterday and it really really looks awesome! I mean, how many cameras can they fit in there! 😂
Mathéo: I know! I have the 9, and the camera is excellent... I can only imagine with 4!
Yuri: yeah, check it here 
Yuri: <file_video>
Mathéo: daamn that quality! well need to start saving for this baby. Plus I don't have a real camera, so it is a good investment for me
Yuri: yes totally, I also heard the Iphone X camera was dope AF!
Mathéo: yeah it is! it's what I used for my last photo... but I am Android person 💁
Yuri: for sure!
Mathéo: and you? are you changing your phone yet?
Yuri: naah man, I prefer to spend my money elsewhere... I can keep a phone for more than 3 years it doesn't bother me
Mathéo: yeah stay with your 3G... while the world is heading to 5G 🚀
Yuri: haha fuck you man 🖕
Mathéo: you will get along very well with my mom haha
Summary: Mathéo and Yuri like the new Samsung 10. It takes good pictures. Mathéo wants to replace his Samsung 9 with it. Yuri is not planning on changing his phone.
Dialogue: Tim: wanna have a break?
Laura: gimme 10 min, ok?
Laura: need to finish sth...
Tim: but u wanna go for lunch or just coffee?
Laura: it's too early for lunch..
Laura: if you wanna have lunch let's meet at 2:20 downstairs
Tim: ok!
Summary: Laura and Tim will meet for a lunch at 2:20 downstairs.
Dialogue: Phil: Doug, how did the exam go?
Doug: They kicked my sorry ass
Phil: Damn! Really?
Doug: Well, I passed it but it was far from great
Phil: At least you passed it
Doug: I know, but... the mark is crap
Phil: I understand the pain, man
Doug: What about a beer tomorrow?
Phil: Fine for me
Doug: I meed to forget about that crap
Phil: Understandable
Summary: Doug got a bad mark for his exam, he will meet Phil tomorrow for a beer to forget about it. 
Dialogue: Lynn: memories.... i keep a box for you
Lynn: <file_photo>
Chloe: so nice! enjoy, it looks so good
Lynn: and the present just arrived..
Chloe: he must be so happy!
Lynn: yes he is, look at that
Lynn: <file_photo>
Chloe: sorry i miss that moment, i'd loved to be there.
Lynn: and another thing you missed...
Lynn: <file_photo>
Chloe: did  you still have some? kidding
Lynn: no, bt there is a shop in rue de Rome...
Chloe: is the taste as good as the real one?
Lynn: yes as good. If you want i'll give u one
Chloe: no thanks. Keep it for u. My diner is already done or so...
Lynn: sure?
Chloe: yes don't worry
Summary: The Chloe's present for him has just arrived as Lynn reports.
Dialogue: Carrie: I started to watch Running Man
Andy: *demonic laugh*
Andy: another soul lost ;)
Carrie: :P
Andy: I'm just telling the truth ;) 
Carrie: well you're not that far off...
Carrie: yesterday I watched like 3 episodes in a row
Andy: so I guess you're liking it so far?
Carrie: of course
Carrie: I can't remember last time I laughed so much
Andy: get used to it
Andy: one time I laughed so hard watching it that I fell down from my chair
Carrie: that's why I'm watching it on my bed :P
Andy: smart move ;)
Andy: who do you like the best out of the cast?
Carrie: that's a hard choice to be honest
Carrie: I like all of them
Andy: yeah
Andy: each one of them bring something different to the table
Andy: anyway you still have a lot of episodes ahead
Carrie: can't wait :)
Andy: just don't over do it :P
Carrie: said the one who watched all of them already ;)
Andy: but I'm watching them as they are released not all at the same time ;)
Carrie: :P
Summary: Carrie started to watch Running Man. She watched 3 episodes in a row yesterday. Carrie and Andy like the cast and think that Running Man is amusing.
Dialogue: Emanuele: Guys, you remember the summer we stayed at my grandma's?
Roscio: AHAH the one we got stoned for the first time? Sure!
Valerio: <file_other>
Roscio: <file_gif> :D
Valerio: We don't need no more trouble...
Emanuele: You remember Joy, my grandma's neighbor?
Valerio: She was a hot piece of ass!
Emanuele: I bumped into her yesterday, and we're going out tonight!
Roscio: Woohoo! Congrats!
Summary: Roscio and Valerio laugh at the mention of summer at Emanuele grandma's. Emanuele ran into his grandma's neighbour yesterday and they are going out tonight.
Dialogue: Chris: Hi Charlotte, where are you?
Charlotte: At home, why?
Chris: I'm around. Wanna go for a ride?
Charlotte: Sure, where are you taking me?
Chris: That's a surprise! ;-)
Summary: Charlotte is at home. Chris will take her for a surprise ride. 
Dialogue: Armando: do you want me to bring some smoothies?
Vivi: I'm lactose intolerant
Armando: how about fruit smoothies then?
Vivi: <file_photo>
Armando: I make my own oath milk btw
Vivi: yes please! <3
Armando: ok I'll be at your place with smoothies at 5
Vivi: see u soon! ;*
Summary: Armando will bring lactose free smoothies to Vivi's place at 5. 
Dialogue: Sylvie: jeeeesus, its raining again
Sylvie: hate this weather!
Agnes: its pouring with rain here
Agnes: is it also raining in your place, Tatiana?
Sylvie: yep
Tatiana: it is. 
Tatiana: I was planning to ride a bike today
Tatiana: I changed my mind probably
Sylvie: its been raining for two days now!
Agnes: I hate it
Agnes: feel so sleepy and lazy
Tatiana: me too
Tatiana: I only feel like staying at home 
Tatiana: blanket and hot tea
Sylvie: or wine ;)
Agnes: :P
Summary: The weather is bad, it has been raining for two days now.
Dialogue: Peter: I'm ordering some food, you guys want anything?
Susan: Where from?
Peter: Curry Heaven
Susan: Great! Would you mind getting me chicken tikka masala and one naan? With garlic
Mark: Paneer with mushrooms and peas for me, thanks!
Peter: Anyone else?
Mike: Corn soup and tandoori chicken
Mike: Oh and mango lassi!
Peter: Damn guys, you could've said before you were so hungry :D
Peter: Food should be here in 40 minutes
Susan: Thanks Pete ;) Tell us how much we owe you
Summary: Peter will order food from Curry Heaven for Susan, Mark and Mike.
Dialogue: Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: <file_photo>
Jackie: Look, I went shopping! :D
Christian: what? Again?
Christian: you're an addict, this is sick
Jackie: but this table was so beautiful!
Jackie: it wasn't that expensive
Christian: you spend to much money, it's not normal
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: last month you bought this ridiculous armchair
Jackie: you just don't know what is good
Jackie: it's famous Danish design!
Christian: I don't care if it's Danish or Chinese
Jackie: <file_gif>
Christian: we're gonna talk about it when I get back home
Summary: Jackie bought a table and last month an armchair. Jackie and Christian will have a talk when he gets back home. 
Dialogue: Troy: Have you heard the latest speculations about Avengers 4?
Billy: Nope, I'm writing my thesis right now, haven't checked out any of that nerdy stuff over the past few days
Troy: Why don't you write a thesis on the Avengers movies then?
Billy: Hah, that would be nice
Troy: Something like, you know, "The Power Gap. Renegotiating Superhero Power Levels and Gender Discrimination in the Marvel Cinematic Universe"
Billy: Hah, you know, my gf is a feminist, she wouldn't like that type of jokes
Troy: Oh come on, don't be a soyboy!
Billy: I have the disturbing feeling that you're watching too many political videos on YouTube, man
Troy: No, I'm just trolling you
Billy: Well, as fun as being trolled by a friend may be, I really need to return to my thesis
Troy: Hey, what's the title of your thesis again? I forgot, sorry
Billy: Too many YouTube videos got you distracted
Troy: Guess so
Billy: Ok, it's "Conspiracy Theories and Shakespeare: from Umberto Eco to Disney's Gargoyles"
Troy: Wtf, I still think Avengers 4 would be a better topic
Billy: Then wait until I write my doctoral thesis a few years from now, lol
Summary: Billy is writing his thesis. Troy proposes controversial topic concerning Avengers. Billy doesn't approve of that idea, because his girlfriend is a feminist.
Dialogue: Russ: Train's coming and you're still not here
Walter: This bus is taking FOREVER. It's pulling up now.
Russ: Ok, I'll try to stall it until you come.
Walter: Great, thanks a ton!
Summary: Walter is running late for the train because the bus is taking forever. Russ will try to stall the train.
Dialogue: Richelle: Hey! We don't know each other, but I've heard you moved to Scotland to study. Is that right?
Sheryl: Hi, yes thats right!!
Richelle: Perfect! Can I ask you some questions? I need some advice as I am planning to go there as well
Sheryl: Yeah sure, go ahead
Richelle: So, how do you find the university there? Is it difficult? 
Sheryl: Honestly, it was quite difficult in the beginning with the language because everything is in English, but because I did a foundation year abroad as well, and I learned academic English, I was already somehow more prepared for what was coming next
Richelle: And what do you study?
Sheryl: I am in my 3rd year studying psychology !!
Richelle: Seriously? That's what I want to study as well!
Sheryl: Oh that's great ahah, I really like the course and the way they assess us with the assignments, all the topics seem to be very interesting and you end up doing a lot of research. I am sure you will like it too
Richelle: Cool! And what about people there? I'm asking because I am a bit shy 😞
Sheryl: Studying abroad is honestly a new world. You see people from different parts of the world, and the most exciting thing is that you actually have things in common with them. Although let me tell you you have to be very open minded
Richelle: Have you had any unpleasant situations there?
Sheryl: Yes, I have, unfortunately, when you are abroad, you start thinking about things you probably have never thought about before, things like stereotypes ..
Richelle: Wow... what happened?
Sheryl: I guess we, unconsciously, treat people differently or just make up our minds, even before we know them. But don't be scared, seriously! I was shy in my first days too, and I thought everyone looks very confident, but trust me everyone feels exactly like you in their first days
Richelle: 🙂 I'm really afraid and exciting of going to study abroad. And please tell me, is the living expensive there?
Sheryl: I guess it is more expensive than in Portugal as we have pounds, but groceries have almost the same prices
Richelle: Ok, thanks a lot! You helped me a lot! I will contact with you if I have any other questions! Enjoy your day!
Summary: Richelle needs advice about studying in Scotland. Sheryl finds that the beginnings can be difficult because of English and that everyone is shy, believe in stereotypes, but later more open minded. Sheryl also mentions that the cost of living in Scotland is higher.
