Dialogue: Pete: Did you let the cat out?!!!
Jane: Yes. Why?
Pete: You weren't supposed to let him out. He's injured and under house arrest. That's is not good enough. I thought that you're responsible! Grrrr!
Summary: Jane let the cat out. Pete is very angry.
Dialogue: Noah: <photo_file>
Noah: Just bought them
Jeremy: Nice shoes
Andy: How much?
Noah: $100
Andy: I saw them cheaper online
Noah: :-(
Summary: Noah bought shoes for $100. Andy saw them cheaper online.
Dialogue: Lily: I wanted to thank you
Martin: For what?
Lily: I've watched the series you recommended me
Martin: Please tell me which one you mean cause I forgot
Lily: La casa de papel
Martin: Oh yes now I remember
Martin: I liked it too
Lily: It's awesome!!
Martin: I have some good news for you 
Lily: Tell me 
Martin: In Februrary will come a new season out
Lily: OMG! That is amazing
Martin: I know I'm excited too
Lily: I don't know how I will stand waiting that long for it
Martin: We could watch the new season togheter when it's out
Lily: That's a great idea!
Summary: Lily loved the series La casa de papel recommended to her by Martin. A new season is coming out in February. They will watch it together.
Dialogue: Steve: Hi Xav,  whats up?
Xav: Steve? What a surprise!
Steve: Time flies. How are you?
Xav: Very well, thanks 🙂 and you?
Steve: Feeling good 🙂
Steve: I talked with Beatrice and she told me you two met some time ago 🙂
Xav: True, we did, last weekend.
Xav: We talked about the old days. 😀
Xav: We should do the same!
Steve: Sure, I meant to ask you 😀
Xav: No worries, I'm in Poland for another two weeks
Steve: Cool
Steve: I'm free this Thursday and Friday. Not sure about next week.
Xav: Sure, I'll get back to you! 
Steve: No prob
Summary: Steve talked about Xav with Beatrice and wants to meet him. Xav is staying in Poland for 2 more weeks. He is free to meet Steve on Thursday or Friday.
Dialogue: David: Hey, may I have one delicate question?
May: Oh hi!
May: Of course you can, shoot
David: How was your flight to Japan?
May: Great, why are you asking?
David: I'd like to go to the US, but the flight's so long and I'm kind of afraid of flying
David: Mike told me that you're as well so I thought I may ask you for some advice how to survive a long flight. I was reading different articles online, but I'd rather talk with someone I know
May: Sure thing! Well, the flight was amazing, I was really scared before, but then it was really all right. The plane was big, there was a huge variety of films and even games and ebooks.
David: How long was the flight?
May: To Tokyo 9 hours and 11 on our way back.
David: Whoah, that's long...
May: I know, but I really didn't notice when we landed. It was worse on the way back, because you know I wasn't so excited to go back and it was slightly longer
May: I watched like three films, slept a little, had dinner and there we were. If you're really scared you can always take some calming pills, they always help me
David: Which ones are you taking?
May: I always stick to the natural ones with valerian, I buy different ones, it doesn't matter as long as they're natural. I wouldn't take something strong or chemical
David: Ok, thank you so much May!
May: No problem, enjoy your trip and send me some pictures ;)
Summary: David wants to go to the US, but he's afraid of flying. May tells him about her journey to Japan. She gives David some tips how to survive a long flight.
Dialogue: Dory: my friend have a concert next week
Dory: little performance in a pub
Dory: wanna come:
Sonia: when exactly?
Dory: Friday at 8
Sonia: ok, I'm free
Dory: Great :)
Summary: Dory and Sonia are going to a small concert next Friday at 8.
Dialogue: Paul: Lee, Raul, have you seen the new game book?
Lee: Nope
Raul: Is there one out yet?
Paul: Seems so
Paul: I haven't got it yet
Lee: What about John? 
Lee: He may know
Raul: Ok, I'll ask him if it has been released
Paul: Thanks
Paul: and get one for me, plz
Raul: okay
Paul: Are we still on tonight?
Lee: Yeah
Raul: What time?
Paul: As usual
Lee: OK. Can I bring Jim?
Raul: Sure
Paul: We need four anyway
Lee: ok
Lee: C U
Summary: There is probably a new game book. Lee, Raul and Paul don't have it yet. They are meeting tonight. Lee will bring Jim.
Dialogue: Nikki: Hi Jaz, how's it going?
Jaz: Hi Nik, yeah, great, kids have gone to bed and we're just chilling out with a box set binge.
Nikki: Quality time, eh?! What's on?
Jaz: We're getting stuck into Season 3 of the Last Kingdom. Excellent stuff!
Nikki: Oh, right. Don't know that one, what's it about?
Jaz: Its about the Dark Ages when the Danes ie. Vikings, invaded Britain.
Nikki: Sound a bit dry and historical!
Jaz: Not at all! It's really exciting! The main guy in it, Utread, is really fit and it's full of sex and violence!
Nikki: Oh really? Bit bloodthirsty, eh, not sure if it's my kind of thing.
Jaz: That's what I thought too, but it's got other bits with King Alfred and the Saxons and lots of family feuds and things. And, did I mention the hot men in it!
Nikki: I think so!
Jaz: There's a couple of hunky Viking brothers, Sven and Erik, they are quite good looking, they wear lots of eyeliner and have complicated hairstyles. There a bit like an evil version of Jedward!
Nikki: 🤣 Well, now I AM intrigued!
Jaz: Anyway, better get back to it, as hubby has paused the telly. See you in work. In tomorrow?
Nikki: Nah! Got a couple of days off.
Jaz: You jammy cow! Anyway, I'll think of you on the weekend when I'm having a lie-in!
Nikki: See you, Jaz.
Summary: Jaz is watching the Last Kingdom with her husband. Jaz won't see Nikki at work as she's off for a couple of days.
Dialogue: Anna: I hate you
Maggie: Oh come on, stop it
Anna: I really HATE you!
Maggie: Jeez
Anna: You ruined everything!!!
Maggie: Just because I bought the same pair of shoes you did? Don't be stereotypically ridiculous, Annie
Summary: Maggie bought the same pair of shoes as Anna. Anna is mad at her.
Dialogue: Ben: Good morning, darling!
Portia: Good morning! How did you sleep?
Ben: Pretty good; you?
Portia: Not bad. Up once or twice.
Ben: Ah. Okay.
Summary: Ben slept very well. Portia woke up once or twice.
