Dialogue: Emil: Hey Aztec ;)
Sallie: Hi Emil :)
Emil: Well, I have these two tickets for the Ed Sheeran concert - I was wondering if you wanted to come with?
Sallie: Yes, I'ld love too! How did you manage that?? I thought all of the tickets had sold out?
Emil: I managed through a friend of a friend ;)
Sallie: Well, I would love to go :D How much do I owe you?
Emil: I was kinda hoping that you'ld want to come with me as my date? 
Emil: The thing is, I really like you and I know you probably don't see me that way, but I really like spending time with you.
Sallie: I really like spending time with you too. :)
Emil: So it's a yes?
Sallie: YES!!
Sallie: Of course it's a yes! I've had the longest crush on you since like forever!! :)
Emil: Really?!
Sallie: Yeah - didn't you notice how I was always stammering around you?
Emil: Yes, but I thought you were just shy 
Emil: Or that I intimidated you or something.
Sallie: I guess I was just kinda scared that I'ld make a fool of myself and that you'ld hate me or something.
Emil: I could never hate you - you're the sweetest girl I know ;)
Sallie: :D
Sallie: I'll pay you back for the tickets
Emil: No, seriously - it's on me ;)
Sallie: Then in that case I'm paying for dinner.
Emil: Sallie, that's really not necessary
Sallie: You can fight me all you want but I'm not changing my mind :) Especially since those tickets cost a fortune
Emil: But you're worth it ;)
Sallie: Smooth talker ;)
Summary: Sallie will go for a date with Emil to Ed Sheeran concert.
Dialogue: Adam: Mum you’re so old
Mary: Thank you sweetheart
Adam: I mean in a good way
Adam: You’ve lived. You’re experienced.
Mary: Hopefully, I still have quite some years in front of me 
Adam: Sure you do
Adam: I was thinking how it feels 
Adam: For example what was the best thing that happened to you in life?
Adam: What was the worst?
Adam: When were you the happiest?
Adam: When the saddest?
Adam: Do you have any regrets?
Mary: That’s a lot of questions my son
Mary: You know I type slowly
Mary: It would take forever to answer them all
Mary: Why don’t you come and visit me on Sunday afternoon?
Mary: I could tell you about my life over a glass of red wine
Adam: That sounds amazing
Adam: See you on Sunday then!
Summary: Adam will visit his mother Mary on Sunday. They will have a glass of wine and talk about her life.
Dialogue: Donna: Hi Rach, everyone ok your end?
Rachel: Hello Donna! Long time no See! How's my favourite cousin!?
Donna: Not sure, haven't seen Wendy since Christmas.
Rachel: Very funny! How did Oliver get on?
Donna: Well, quite well, I think. He had 5 A levels, 4 A*s and 1 A.
Rachel: Quite well!? That’s fanfuckingtastic!!! You've obviously got the brains on your side of the family!
Donna: Thanks! Well, what about Jay?
Rachel: 3 Bs, he's over the moon! He's got into his course and all set to be off!
Donna: Russell Group, is it?
Rachel: What, sorry?
Donna: I mean, I assume, he's got into a Russell Group university, I mean the others are ok, but really, you know, not that good!
Rachel: I honestly don't know. He got the grades, was accepted and he's going. Simple as. We're all very proud of him, actually. He's saving up for a car now.
Donna: Well, as long as you're all happy with it, that's fine. We can't all be high fliers.
Rachel: Now, hang on a sec, Donna. You're my cousin and we've always got on well, but I'm not going to put my son down and ruin his happiness just because he didn't get bleeding A* grades! 
Donna: No, of course. I'm sure you've been as supportive as you are able to be. I believe in really pushing children to achieve.
Rachel: God, you are really something, Donna! Jay is a happy, confident boy and I leave him to his own devices because I trust him!
Donna: Well, Oliver has downloaded his reading list already and is working through them. The competition to stand out in law is fierce. A little encouragement wouldn't go amiss for Jay.
Rachel: Ok, I've had enough of this conversation! Jay is well adjusted and people like him. That's more than I can say for Oliver!
Donna: Well, we'll see about that in 5 years time when Oliver is earning 6 figures and Jay is still scraping a living doing his weird so-called art!
Rachel: Bye Donna, I think you've said quite enough!
Summary: Donna is proud of Oliver for getting good grades. Rachel is happy for Jay as he got into his course. Rachel and Donna have a disagreement on their sons' education.
Dialogue: Liv: <file_photo>
Liv: what do you think?
Vivyan: looks nice, its a good color for you
Roxana: quite ok, but maybe a bit too short for the winter?
Roxana: I like things comfy and warm
Liv: its very warm!
Liv: not sure about the length, though
Vivyan: hard to tell really
Vivyan: its important if you feel comfy in it
Liv: Yes, very!
Roxana: take it then
Liv: thanks! :*
Summary: Liv is trying on a piece of winter clothing which she thinks is warm and comfortable. Roxana thinks she should take it.
Dialogue: Zhara: Hey :)
Zhara: Does your boyfriend know anything about NXexpiria cameras ?
Zhara: I'm having problems with the settings :/
Ana: Hello :)
Ana: Hmm
Ana: It depends what model, which one was it that you have, I can't remember
Zhara: It's the NXexpiria from 2017
Ana: Do you have the little booklet that it came with? 
Zhara: Yes :)
Ana: Ok I'll ask him :)
Zhara: And how is your little prince?
Zhara: He must have grown a lot by now :)
Ana: Yes he's running all over the place, driving mummy crazy 😂
Zhara: Hahaha
Zhara: I can just imagine ;)
Zhara: Dear I'v got to dash.. but I'll speak to you soon, thanks for checking!!
Ana: Ok np, I'll let you know asap 😘
Summary: Zhara has problems with NXexpiria camera's settings. Zhara has a NXexpiria model from 2017 and a booklet that came with it. Ana will ask her boyfriend if he will be able to help Zhara. 
Dialogue: Simon: did you all wire me the money for the apartment?
Simon: please do as fast as possible :/ i need cash
Jacob: how much was it again?
Jacob: i will do it right now
Simon: 50 euro each, we had to pay a little extra 
Simon: the price went up since last week
Joanne: hi simon!! i will be doing it right now too, sorry for being late!!
Joanne: i have a lot on my mind recently
Simon: don't worry, just please make sure it's done today
Simon: it's really important for me
Joanne: ye of course, sorry again :)
Jacob: ok done, money transfered
Jacob: did you manage to get us the one with balcony and a hot tub?
Simon: of course mate
Jacob: perfect, i knew we could count on you
Joanne: done on my side too, i also paid for Chris's part
Simon: thank you both!!
Summary: Simon needs cash as fast as possible. Jacob and Joanne transfered him 50 euro each for the apartament. Joanne also paid another 50 for Chris's part.
Dialogue: Gino: I made it, traffic was awful.
Samantha: I guess. Took you forever.
Gino: Any messages?
Samantha: Just one, from that client you saw yesterday.
Gino: What does he want?
Samantha: He didn't say, only just wants a call back.
Gino: Okay. Hopefully an order.
Samantha: Fingers crossed.
Gino: Anything else?
Samantha: What time will you be back?
Gino: Probably half three or so. Why?
Samantha: It would be good to give an estimate, but I'll say four to give you some extra time.
Gino: Say tomorrow. I'll have enough to do.
Samantha: Okay, no problem.
Gino: Unless its urgent, then send me a message.
Samantha: Okay.
Summary: The client Gino saw yesterday wants to be called back. If there is an urgent matter today, Sandra will send Gino a message.
Dialogue: Ethan: Ju ju helloooo 🙃
Ethan: How's Schmoze? I hope he's going to be ok 🐱
Ethan: 🐈
Ethan: Can you do me a favour, and send me your address, I have misplaced it 😝
Ethan: Don't tell Mike 😎
Julian: Hellooo
Julian: Haha
Julian: Schmo is ok, sleeping a lot :)
Julian: Victoria buildings, flat. 6, HTR 15534, Naxxar, Malta.
Ethan: Cheers! 👍👍
Summary: Ethan asked Julia about the well-being of Schmoze the cat and about her address.
Dialogue: Ana: Hey, what time are you coming?
Lisa: four or five p.m. 
Lisa: How that suits you?
Ana: Ok I'm going to order pizza
Ana: Any wishes?
Lisa: Just pick some, no meet
Ana: Done
Ana: I'm glad you'll be our guests finally
Ana: And kids will have fun with a puppy
Lisa: They can't wait actually
Lisa: very curious to see their favourite auntie running a new house ;-)
Ana: Oh, what have you told them?
Ana: I could imagine
Lisa: All the good things, don't worry
Lisa: We'll have a great time together
Lisa: Text me in case, we have to bring something and see you soon
Summary: Lisa and the kids are coming over to Ana's house in the afternoon. Ana will order pizza without meat and the children will play with her dog.
Dialogue: Mary: Where are you?
Tom: in the upper cloister
Jenny: come here, plenty of space to study!
Mary: ok!
Summary: Tom is in the upper cloister.
Dialogue: Dylan: I had a dream last night
Dylan: it was mostly Ms Smith
Dylan: but our whole group was there as well
Dylan: because it was like a school trip 
Dylan: only for our group
Dylan: we went to some museum of astronomy or something
Katie: :D
Katie: <file_gif>
Katie: I'm in your heads even during the winter break hahaha
Matt: :D
Derek: <file_gif> 
Dylan: :D
Katie: i hope it was a dream dream and not a nightmare 
Katie: Am I your nightmare teacher? :D
Dylan:  nooooo :D
Dylan: you were explaining some facts to us
Matt: In Polish or English?:D
Dylan: that's the funny part
Dylan: in French and German:D
Derek: hahahahahha
Derek: <file_gif>
Katie: haha well I wonder if it's one of those dreams that foresee the future ;D
Matt: hahaha that'd be interesting:D
Summary: Dylan dreamt about his classmates and his teacher, Ms. Smith. They were in an astronomy museum and Ms. Smith explained them things in French and German.
Dialogue: Kate: Dear Tina and Mike, how are you doing? Everything OK?
Tina: Hi Kate!! Great to hear from you. Ya, we're doing fine. Just sooo busy. Every day sth new, no respite.
Kate: That's what's sightseeing holidays are about. Just enjoy it!
Tina: We've been enjoying it. It's just that I'm more and more tired. All this walking...
Kate: Why don't you take a break and let Andy do the sightseeing alone?
Tina: No way. He'd be mortally offended.
Kate: But it can't be so bag! I always thought staying in Rome for 2 weeks must be awesome.
Tina: It is! The city knocks you over, it's just mind blowing. If only it were not so hot. And those crowds of people everywhere...
Kate: I see. So grin and bear it?
Tina: I guess so. And how are you two? Thomas still staying with you?
Kate: Thxs. We are fine, just the same. Thomas left on Sunday. I already miss him!
Tina: He is such a charming boy. And so good-looking!
Kate: After his father!
Tina: I always thought he's taken his good looks after you, my dear.
Kate: Oh I don't know. Anyway he's a good boy.
Tina: Sure.
Kate: So you'd better go back to your precious hubby now before he gets jealous again.
Tina: I'd rather stay in and chat with you!
Summary: Tina is on vacation with her husband in Rome. They explore a lot of places. Kate's son left on Sunday. She misses him.
Dialogue: Betty: Hi :-)
Alice: Hi :-)
Betty: Have you got the book which we need for the classes with Dr Oaks?
Alice: Not yet. Do you?
Betty: Not yet. I hoped you'd tell me where I can get it.
Alice: Are there any problems?
Betty: Seems like.
Alice: How about the central library? I'd expect they must have a few copies.
Betty: And here you are wrong. I've already tried.
Alice: Oh...
Betty: In local libraries as well. Nothing.
Alice: And now what?
Betty: Do you know anyone from the year above? Maybe they can help us?
Alice: I know Tony. I'll try it with him.
Betty: Let me know. 
Alice: I will. Till later.
Betty: Bye.
Summary: Betty and Alice need a book for classes with Dr Oaks. The book is hard to get. Alice will ask Tony about it.
Dialogue: Ari: Hi, you busy today?
Ian: I'm in a meeting
Bruce: in Manchester till Wednesday
Ari: Ok, want to meet over to discuss the case?
Ian: I can meet tomorrow, have to rush home now
Bruce: call me tomorrow if you meet
Ari: It's okay we can wait for you and meet on wednesday
Bruce: did you have a chance to talk to the client
Ari: I called them yesterday but Oliver was busy. I'll meet him on Friday morning.
Ian: Theyre not in a hurry
Ari: No but it would be great to close the deal this month...
Bruce: unreal :)
Ari: I know
Ian: Hanson is crazy about the deal he wants it closed NOW
Ari: So why isnt he helping?
Bruce: ask him :)
Ari: I really should...
Bruce: I'll ask on your behalf :)
Ari: Yeah... thanks friend ;)
Ian: Ari let's meet for a lunch tomorrow
Ian: 1pm?
Ari: Let's meet after lunch. I dont want to think about Hanson while eating...
Ian: ok :)
Ari: I'll give you a call tomorrow morning
Ian: ok. maybe we should invite Hanson?
Ari: lol
Summary: Ian is in a meeting. Bruce is in Manchester till Wednesday. Ari will meet the client on Friday morning. They all need to meet to discuss the case. Ian and Ari will meet tomorrow after lunch.
Dialogue: Peyton: Btw, yesterday when I went shopping to the Chinese store, the one that's close to the park, I noticed the small shopping centre
Peyton: I saw that there is a small cafe just by the entrance. It looks good :)
Randall: I'm not quite sure which one? 🤔
Randall: Ah wait, you mean the one by the huge park right?
Peyton: Yes :)
Peyton: We should go there one of these days, it looks nice and friendly :)
Peyton: It's got these cool chairs 😎 hehe
Randall: Sounds like an idea, maybe we could go there for a few pints on Friday 🍺🍺🍺
Peyton: Yeah 👌😋
Summary: Randall wants to meet Peyton for drinks on Friday at a cafe he discovered yesterday. It is located by the park, next to the Chinese store in a small chopping centre. It has nice chairs.
Dialogue: Caleb: so what about the trip? u coming?
Elizabeth: yes!!
Elizabeth: we gave the list today but Ms Smith wasn't there
Caleb: so who did you give it to?
Elizabeth: a teacher, he teaches French, i guess
Caleb: tall, kind of bald?
Elizabeth: yeah that's him
Caleb: ok. finally something certain;)
Elizabeth: feels good to be sure at last we're going SOMEWHERE!:) 
Caleb: :) 
Summary: Caleb and Elizabeth are going on a trip. Ms Smith was absent, so Caleb and they gave the list to a French teacher.
Dialogue: Annelie: I have to give a hand at the red cross  tonight. So i left cold chicken and  green salad in the fridge. Help yourself
Austin: ok thanks
Annelie: I forgot to  tell you that there is  also icecream for you
Austin: chocolate one?
Annelie: Yes your favorite one
Summary: Annelie is working at the red cross tonight. She left cold chicken, green salad and chocolate ice cream for Austin in the fridge.
Dialogue: Edward: mum do you have a sec?
Edward: mum?
Deborah: Sorry, can't right now
Edward: Can I call you in the afternoon then?
Deborah: yeah, something serious happened?
Edward: no no, I just want some piece of advice :D
Summary: Edward will call Deborah in the afternoon for some advice.
Dialogue: Louise: I am going to propose to Thelma at his birthday but I have no idea what kind of ring would she like
Louise: could you help me with that?
Vicky: wow dude that's amazing! congrats!
Henrietta: wow! I would love to help you out!
Vicky: I don't know much about rings but I think Thelma will say yes no matter what ring you'll buy
Paloma: me too! did sth catch your eye?
Louise: I saw this ring in Pandora but it might be too tacky
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: :O
Vicky: it's not tacky, it's so Thelma
Louise: wait, I also like this one:
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: I think the first one is better
Vicky: yeah, the second one is too classic, too safe
Louise: OK thank you guys
Louise: just don't tell Thelma anything
Vicky: sure!
Summary: Louise will propose to Thelma at his birthday and has no idea what ring she would like. Vicky, Henrietta and Paloma are there to help and assess the ring Louise found in Pandora.
Dialogue: Nelly: Thanks again! You've saved me from madness :-)
Gina: :-) Glad to be of assistance
Nelly: <file_photo>
Gina: Thank you!
Summary: Nelly is grateful to Gina for saving her from madness.
Dialogue: Patty: Club?
Selma: when?
Patty: 2day?
Selma: 2day! 
Patty: yeah at 8
Selma: make it 9
Patty: ok c ya there
Selma: see ya
Summary: Patty and Selma are going to the club today at 9.
Dialogue: Dan: Do any of Bath people know of a short term 2-bed flat available from June? Please share!
Grace: I feel seriously behind we need to catch up sooon!
Hatti: if you’re behind, there’s no hope for anyone! Xx
Rose: i’ll let you know if i see something
Rose: you’re very welcome to spend a couple of days with us if it helps..
Dan: need a flat for about 3 months
Rose: oh, in that case i won’t be able to help! X
Dan: haha! ;) x
Summary: Dan is looking for a 2-bed flat in Bath for about 3 months starting on June.
Dialogue: Rob: Hello everyone, I wanted to verify our yearly bonus situation. I hear you won't get one if you had to take sick leave?
Pat: What? Really?
Michael: Maybe they exceeded the "acceptable" quota?
Rob: I'm not sure... Looking for clarity here! I mean it would be quite extreme if that's the case. 
Pat: Surely illegal?
Fran: Yes, I think I won't get mine because had to go to hospital for 10 days
Agatha: Hello everyone, let me shed some light on the issue: you have to work at least 270 days to get the bonus. That means you can take sick leave not exceeding 21 days. Hope it helps
Pat: Thank you! That's quite clear.
Fran: Thanks! Still feels a bit extreme though...
Summary: Agatha rectifies the information given by Rob that everyone who took a sick leave won't get a yearly bonus. In fact, the sick leave cannot exceed 21 days.
Dialogue: Hayden: i am so lonely i will soon end up with 3 cats lol
Daisy: stop torturing yourself, you will find someone :)
Elise: yeah you are a nice girl, you just did not meet anyone who deserves you
Hayden: easy for you to say :( you both have fiancees...
Daisy: well we didn't have them at some point either right?
Hayden: I know but i am tired of all those stupid dates, man are stupid
Daisy: some of them yes :D but you just need to find the right prince for you!!
Elise: how about Derek?? You liked Derek... what happened with you?
Daisy: oh i forgot him, that's a good point
Hayden: he does not call me again... i don't know why, maybe he just got bored :(
Summary: Elise and Daisy both have fiancees. Hayden feels very lonely because she's single. She's tired of dates. Hayden liked Derek, but he doesn't call her anymore. 
Dialogue: Tommy: We're leaving tomorrow at 6!
Jeff: ok, I'll be waiting in front of the supermarket
Ciara: me too!
Summary: Jeff and Ciara will wait in front of the supermarket tomorrow at 6.
Dialogue: Mark: I've got a weekend off
Mark: A miracle! ;)
Julie: :)
Mark: Let's go to the botanics if the weather is okay
Jo: Good idea!
Jo: There is a nice path from your place
Jo: 25 mins walk
Julie: The one with the colourful playground?
Jo: Yeah
Mark: Saturday afternoon? 
Julie: works for me
Julie: Jo?
Jo: I'm not 100% at the moment 
Jo: Will give you a call later
Summary: Mark has a weekend off so wants to go to the botanics. Mark and Julie agree on Saturday afternoon. Jo isn't sure at the moment and will give Julie a call later.
Dialogue: Konrad: Hi Tom
Tom: Hi, how are you?
Konrad: Good thanks and you?
Tom: Very tired I haven’t  packed my suitcase yet
Konrad: Unlucky :// But u have still a little bit of time before departuring to Poland 😊
Konrad: So I will tell you something about me and my brother Wojtek.
Tom: Yeah, sure 😊
Konrad: Actually I’m a triplet so I have 2 brothers – Wojtek and Piotrek. 
Konrad: I guess that we will try to make these names easier to pronounce:D
Tom: would be great :P
Konrad: We are 16 years old and we all are interested in volleyball and computer games. Despite all this things I also like learning other languages (especially english and spanish)
Konrad: I also like dancing. 
Konrad: Now it’s your turn 😊
Tom: I’m Tom, as I’m sure you can already tell, I’m 17. I enjoy listening to music, talking to friends on Snapchat and computer games also.
Konrad: Cool! What kind of music are you listening to?
Tom: Irish country music or pop music.
Konrad: I don’t know Irish music well but I also listen to pop music.
Tom: That's great! 
Konrad: And which game do you enjoy to play in?
Tom: Grand theft auto and farming simulator, sometimes fortnite but I’m not goog at fortnite
Konrad: My brother has played fortnite for sometime too but now we are kinda League of Legends.
Tom: I’ve never heard of that.
Summary: Konrad reveals to Tom that he and his 2 brothers are 16, they all like volleyball and computer games. Konrad also likes learning foreign languages and dancing. Tom is 17, likes listening to music, chatting on Snapchat and playing computer games.
Dialogue: Will: Where are you?
Bill: Downstairs, in the foyer, you?
Will: in the toilette :P
Wojtek: I'm in the horrendous queue to the gentlemen's room
Summary: Bill is in the foyer, Will is in the toilet and Wojtek waits in a huge queue to the gentelmen's room.
Dialogue: Kailynn: Some of my parts of the body are that burnt that I can't even touch them
Brenton: Hmm ok. Which parts haha
Kailynn: Belly. My back. Legs
Brenton: Ok
Kailynn: I will show how red I was yesterday
Kailynn: <file_photo>
Brenton: Not too bad I've seen worse haha
Summary: Kailynn is so badly sunburned, that some parts of her skin hurt when touched.
Dialogue: Kimberly: Recently I started learning German.(°_°>)
Bram: Really? Isn’t it difficult?
Kimberly: Yes, it is. (°レ°)(°レ°)(°レ°)
Bram: It must be difficult. One of my friends told me that it’s really challenging to learn German. (´∀`)
Kimberly: The thing is that..
Kimberly: Actually I learned German when I was in high school, so I can speak some simple conversations like ordering food at a restaurant or asking the direction.(-_-)
Bram: But is it still hard? You already know some basics! (?_?)(?_?)
Kimberly: Yes it is! 
Kimberly: If it is korean, after some levels people think this language is more complicated than I expected, right?
Bram: I personally think Korean is one of the easiest language in the world.
Kimberly: Yes, to a certain point. Right?
Kimberly: But German isn’t easy at all. ＼(◎o◎)／！ 
Kimberly: It feels like I climb the rope hand over hand. 
Bram: Good luck and don’t give up! You can do it! (´∀`)
Kimberly: Thanks. But let’s see hahahahaha ヽ(^o^)丿
Summary: Kimberly has started learning German. She already knows the basics from high school. She finds the language challenging.
Dialogue: Victoria: Have you seen Baby??
Olivia: Noooo
Susan: No, whats that?
Victoria: New Netflix series about teenagers
Olivia: Oooo, American??
Victoria: Italian
Victoria: Good stuff
Olivia: Ok, I'll watch it today ;)
Victoria: I saw 3 episodes
Victoria: And I can't wait to see the next ;-))
Susan: I wish I had netflix :<<
Victoria: Talk to Jack
Victoria: Maybe he has a free profile
Summary: Olivia and Susan haven't seen Baby. Victoria watched 3 episodes and liked them. Susan doesn't have Netflix. She will ask Jack if he has a free profile.
Dialogue: Mark: I can't imagine the pain of a person having his kid buried.
Mark: Must be horrible.
Eddy: Yeah. I feel sorry for Mr. Smith. He was a great father for Billy.
Mark: Shame that Billy didn't appreciate it enough and killed himself.
Eddy: He was sick.
Eddy: He didn't get help soon enough.
Mark: I heard that they tried to save him.
Mark: But the bleeding was so intense they could do nothing.
Eddy: Shame. I liked his sense of humour.
Mark: Yeah me too.
Summary: Billy killed himself. They tried to save him but the bleeding was too intense. Eddy and Mark liked Billy's sense of humour. 
Dialogue: John: I'm starving. What's for dinner?
Jane: Whatever you cook :-)
John: Damn! I best get some take-aways.
Summary: John will get a take-away.
Dialogue: Sonia: Do u know any cafe in the centre where I can work now?
Paula: maybe Carioca?
Paula: <file_other>
Sonia: it won't be crowded?
Paula: usually they're not that crowded until 8...
Paula: how long do u want to stay?
Sonia: I've got an appointment at 7:30 so for sure not that longd;-)
Paula: but wait, it is quite far...
Sonia: Where r u now?
Sonia: Lux med <file_other>
Paula: so maybe Keep Calm
Paula: it's just round the corner :D :D
Sonia: sounds like a plan
Paula: but don't eat there! 
Sonia: why?
Paula: it's quite expensive!
Sonia: kk, I see, gotta go :*
Summary: Sonia will go and work in Keep Calm cafe as Carioca is quite far away.
Dialogue: Hugh: What a living nightmare!!
Trent: I know, my guitar was out of tune for the last 2 songs.
Hugh: Well how about my mic issues. The sound engineer was an asshole!
Trent: I think that's the last time we play that place!
Hugh: You said it.
Trent: I gotta contact Rory to put it on our blacklist. Just try and forget it, and let's concentrate on the next show in Kingston, ok?
Hugh: Yeah, you're right. Goodnight.
Trent: Goodnight
Summary: Hugh had mic issues and Trent had guitar issues at their show. It's the sound engineer's fault.
Dialogue: Coco: could you bring me some leftovers guys?
Yen: sure no problem
Howie: I ordered pork so... :c
Coco: oh ok
Yen: I ordered rice with vegetables
Howie: Wendy always orders too much so you can count on her pad thai with shrimp
Coco: <file_gif> 
Coco: yay! thanks!
Yen: no problem sweetie :)
Summary: Yen, Howie and Wendy will bring Coco some leftovers. 
Dialogue: Bianca: did you get my postcard?
Veronica: no? should i?
Bianca: yesss :( i sent you one from spain!!!
Veronica: maybe it will still come, you know they take a long time sometimes
Bianca: i sent it 2 months ago!! :(
Veronica: oh... well don't worry, now you have an excuse to go again haha
Summary: Veronica didn't get Bianca's postcard. Bianca sent it from Spain 2 months ago.
Dialogue: Mary: Love U!
Dave: Love U2!
Mary: Miss U!
Dave: Miss U2! LOL!
Mary: On your way home?
Dave: Yepper. Be there in 6.
Summary: Dave is going to be home soon.
Dialogue: Mary: Hi <3
Peter: Hey gorgeous ;)
Mary: What's up
Peter: Not much, jsut thinking about you 
Mary: Aww I miss you so much :(
Peter: I know baby but ill be back home in 2 days. The we can do whatever you want :*
Mary: Whatever I want, huh? 3:)
Peter: ;)
Mary: I was actually hoping to cash in on that raincheck :) We haven't been on a date for quite a while... :/
Peter: I'ld like that :)
Mary: :)
Summary: Peter will be back home in 2 days. Mary would like to go on a date when he gets back.
Dialogue: John: Why didn't you come?
Jim: you know why
John: enlighten me
Jim: I couldn't come to her wedding
John: you still love her
Jim: yeah
Summary: Jim did not attend her wedding as he still loves her. 
Dialogue: David: I'll be a bit later
Michael: not good
Oliver: ...
Michael: we're starving
David: But you can order now, don't wait for me with that
Oliver: what do you want?
David: Whatever
David: Just choose sth
Oliver: Hmmmmm
Oliver: diavola with double pepperoni?
David: Sound perfect
David: I'll be arond 3 p.m
Michael: Ok
Summary: David will be a bit late around 3 p.m. so wants Oliver and Michael to order for him.
Dialogue: Jillian: I lost my new pen, I think I left it at your place near the computer. Can you check it please?
Galard: No problem, as soon as I'm home I will check.
Jillian: Cool, thanks. I have my notes there and I need them.
Summary: Jillian has lost her pen-drive with her notes. Galard will check if Jillian's pen-drive is at his place.
Dialogue: Amber: Attention please! Manon has twisted my arm and my sob story to Marty about her leaving us soon. It means I'm allowed out! Heading to the pub for one or two drinks max!!!! About 9.15pm... Anyone in??
Bailey: I'm in. Hey guys this is Manon! Come out for drinks!!!! I want to meet you 😁
Nick: No way! 😉
Bailey: Nick come here ASAP!
Susan: Why now? I’ve already finished the second bottle of wine with Annie :(!
Amber: Who's Nick??? We don’t need him girls.
Bailey: Noooo. We do!
Amber: Susan, bring Annie along too and make it a third?????!
Bailey: Join girls....
Nick: Amber I know you miss me! 😘
Susan: Wait a sec :D!
Amber: Maybe a little teeny tiny bit Nick 🤔🙄
Bailey: A message from Manon: ‘trust me 2 bottles is the right level you need to meet me. Come with your friends: more we are funnier it will get ahaha’. 
Nick: OMG I LOVE HER 😂
Bailey: Susan! Russia is behind you! Come on ahaha
Susan: I'm coming. Just for one drink :D
Bailey: Bravaaaa
Susan: Where do we meet?
Bailey: Location?? We've just finished eating...
Amber: Head to front of The Errigal, I'm already here. Then we can make a plan x
Nick: Manon loves a plan 😘🍺🍺
Amber: Ok I'm going to grab Susan and Annie and will be back. Battery low tho! 😐 . I'm outside
Bailey: Comiiiiing. Out, in front of the door smoking
Summary: Amber will grab Susan and Annie and go back to the Errigal. Bailer and Mamon finished eating and are headed there.
Dialogue: Adalyn: hey :)
Adalyn: the university is organizing self-defence classes for women. are you going?
Nora: oh, really? that's a really good idea!
Nora: i'll definitely sign up for them :)
Nora: and you? are you going?
Adalyn: if they won't interfere with my work, I'll sign up for them too :)
Nora: cool :) let me know, when you decide
Adalyn: sure :)
Summary: Nora will sign up for self-defence classes for women organized by the university. Adalyn will sign up too if they don't interfere with her work. She will let Nora know.
Dialogue: Nathaly: I think you said something about a shop where I could buy comics for cheap?
Nathaly: What was it?
Frederick: <file_other>
Nathaly: Thanks!
Frederick: No problem! Their shop is close to my place, too, so let me know if you want me to collect them for you so you don't have to pay for delivery
Summary: Frederci sends Nathaly information about a place where she could buy comics for a reasonalble price. Frederick offers to pick the items up from the shop.
Dialogue: John: Do not you know where mom hid the tablet charger?
Sam: Check in a TV drawer.
John: OK, thanks!
Summary: Mom might have hidden the tablet charger in a TV drawer.
Dialogue: Patricia: Are you still at home?
Susan: leaving now
Patricia: could get me a tampon?
Susan: no problem
Summary: Patricia will bring Susan a tampon.
Dialogue: Ken: Can I use someone's computer?
Kian: What happened to yours?
Ken: It's in service 
Miriam: You could use mine for now but I'll be in the office in the afternoon
Ken: I need it for about ten minutes
Ken: I need to upload some files to the server
Miriam: Then go ahead. I'll send you the password in private 
Summary: Ken's computer is in service. Ken is going to upload some files to the server on Miriam's computer.
Dialogue: Sarah: Hello Jason, how are you, it's been a long time since we last met?
Jason: Oh, hi Sarah I'm have got a new job now and is going great. How about you?
Sarah: Not too bad.
Jason: Have you tried xyz cafe?
Sarah: yesterday was first time my friends kept telling me the food was great, so tonight I decided to try it. What have you been up to?
Jason: I have been so busy with my new job that I have not had the time to do much else,
Sarah: Nice. i am also trying to get a job
Jason: good luck then i hope you find a good one soon
Sarah: thanks, how did you find yours
Jason: i was applying to many jobs posted on different sites.. was getting rejection from most... then they called me for interview and i got it.
Sarah: thats good i would try to apply to many ads too
Jason: yeh you should good luck
Sarah: thanks
Summary: Jason's got a new job and is really busy. Sarah's looking for a job, Jason gives her some advice. She will try xyz cafe tonight. 
Dialogue: Tom: How's it going?
Cinthia: Not good.
Tom: Why is it so?
Cinthia: I'm grounded. My mom doesn't let me go out.
Tom: What did you do?
Cinthia: I was supposed to take care of my sister when she was out.  
Tom: And?
Cinthia: I hate doing such things! 
Tom: And where was she?
Cinthia: Preparing the garden for the party. Today there'll come our family and I was supposed to entertain the little brat.
Tom: What happend?
Cinthia: Well, she got burned with the milk. I was watching TV.
Tom: I'm sorry, is she OK now?
Cinthia: Why do you feel sorry for her and not for me? 
Summary: Cinthia is grounded for not taking care of her younger sister properly. Cinthia's sister got burned while Cinthia was watching TV. Tom feels sorry for Cinthia's sister but Cinthia feels sorry for herself. 
Dialogue: Rachel: I've ordered shoes online but they've never arrived.
Samantha: When did you order them?
Paul: Did you contact the seller?
Rachel: A month ago...
Rachel: I did but they said the package had been shipped
Rachel: I don't know what to do
Paul: Did they give you a reference number?
Rachel: No 
Paul: They should
Samantha: Where did you order?
Rachel: On Amazon
Samantha: Then you should contact Amazon
Samantha: Don't worry they will help you
Summary: Rachel ordered shoes on Amazon a month ago but they haven't arrived yet. Samantha suggests her to contact Amazon on this matter.
Dialogue: David: suggest me something to wear for an interview
Carter: what are you stupid?
David: just suggest me something
Carter: just wear something formal like a normal person
David: but i haven't gotten my suit dry cleaned
Carter: come take mine and wear it for the day
David: now you're talkin'
Summary: David is going to a job interview and will have to borrow Carter's suit as his own is not clean.
Dialogue: Camilla: Did you go to Eva's party?
Sylvia: Yes, I did. 
Camilla: How was it?
Sylvia: A lot better than I expected. She put a lot of thought into the programme. And I saw a lot of people there I haven't seen for a while.
Summary: Sylvia went to Eva's party, which was much better than she had expected.
Dialogue: Ela: Did you get the wedding dress?
Ana: Not yet
Ana: i have one place left that I want to check out
Ela: ok
Ela: if you dont find anything then we have to order it
Ela: and it will be the last moment to get it tailor made
Ana: I know But I have a good feeling about this place
Ela: that's what you said about the last place
Ana: I know but this time I really do have a good feeling
Ela: lol
Ela: fine let me know how it goes
Ela: if not I'm calling up the place to get you a tailor made wedding dress
Ana: fine I agree
Ana: thanks for the help
Ela: no prob :)
Summary: Ann is looking for a wedding dress.
Dialogue: Miles: I had the weeeeeeeirdest dream for the longest time. I was stuck back in time, in the 80’s hahaha
Connie: That sounds like awesome dream!
Miles: And only my friend Annie new how to get back. And I couldn’t figure it out. So instead of just partying in the 80’s like I should’ve I just wasted the whole dream trying to figure how to get back to 2018
Connie: Well, funny thing is you can't just go back to dreams you liked, no matter how hard you try. For me it works like that anyway
Summary: Miles had a strange dream about being stuck in the 80's. Connie wishes they could go back to their dreams.
Dialogue: Katie: My parents are totally from different planet :D
Katie: 1st of November. Everyone visits graves of family and friends,
Katie: My parents? Naah.
Katie: They're going for a trip to pick up mushrooms
Sarah: ahahah, Seriously?
Katie: Yup. Ofc they visited graves later
Sarah: But shrooms were first in line xD
Katie: Exactly.
Sarah: I hate visiting graves btw
Sarah: I feel overwhelmed
Sarah: And depressed
Katie: I know. I feel that too.
Sarah: Sad bad true. 
Summary: Katie's parents went mushroom picking and then they visited graves. Sarah and Katie hate visiting graves.
Dialogue: Kate: Any plans for evening?
Luise: Nope. Any suggestions? ;-)
Kate: Actually, yes. Wanna see the new Aquaman movie? 
Luise: Well, I’m not much keen on this type of movies…
Kate: Oh. C’mon, it’s gonna be fun. Will take you to this Chinese bistro afterwards.
Luise: The one we ate in last week?
Kate: Yes, Ma’am. The very same 
Luise: Oh, this part seems much more promising. 
Kate: See? 
Luise: Can we skip the movie? ;-)
Kate: Nooo, we can’t. Will drop by at 8.
Luise: Ok, See you then.
Summary: Kate will meet Luise and they'll go to see the new "Aquaman" movie and then to the Chinese bistro they ate in last week.
Dialogue: Tom: and how was the talk with Ben?
Jim: good, but strange, unexpected things
Tom: what do you mean?
Jerry: an offer?
Jim: exactly!
Jerry: I wonder if it's the same offer
Jim: about Equatorial Guinea?
Jerry: Yes!
Jim: Are they moving they whole company there?
Jerry: no, they got a licence and it will be the biggest project in the upcoming years
Jerry: but not the only one
Jerry: ben told me they believe it will be a big success
Summary: Jim had a talk with Ben, who proposed him to go to Equatorial Guinea. Jerry received the same offer. The company got a licence and they will do a big project there.
Dialogue: Tara: Dad says mom already has a new robe, she just bought it. Now what?
Ken: Gah! She just buys everything!
Tara: That's mom!
Ken: Need to think some more...
Tara: Me too...
Summary: Tara's mom bought a new robe so Tara and Ken need to think of something else.
Dialogue: Victoria: Did you see this? <file_other>
Monica: Oh noooo. Are they splitting up?
Victoria: I’m afraid they are
Sally: How come? They were so adorable together ☹
Monica: My thoughts exactly! ☹
Victoria: You know what they say about perfect couples… There were many scratches on this glass, if you ask me.
Sally: What do you mean?
Victoria: There is this Facebook group about celebrities and girls there say that he cheated on her!
Monica: That’s impossible! My Johnny?! He’s my favourite actor ☹ The world ends today!!!!!!!!
Sally: Sources?
Victoria: Haha, Sally, our little geek
Victoria: <file_other> <file_other>
Monica: Nooooooooo
Sally: Turns out there’s nothing sacred in this world, huh?
Monica: :(
Summary: Victoria, Monica and Sally are gossiping about celebrities. An actor by the name Johnny is getting separated. Rumour has it that Johnny was cheating on her.
Dialogue: Mary: Do you know where I can buy maple syrup?
Anna: Try this little shop on Bakery Street.
Mary: OK thanks
Anna: : *
Summary: Mary is looking for a shop where they sell maple syrup.
Dialogue: Alex: Did you hear the newest song from Anne Marie?
Judy: No what titlle is it?
Alex: It's 'Perfect to me'. I can send it to you on youtube
Judy: Oh that would be great
Alex: <link>
Judy: It's not bad but I prefer the song 2002
Alex: What? Why? That song is amazing
Judy: Yeah but I like rather quicker songs
Alex: I get it, I really like the lyrics in the new song :) 
Summary: Alex shows Judy Anne Maries new song, 'perfect to me'. Judy prefers her earlier work.  
Dialogue: Mel: Did you take my jacket?
John: Yeah you left in on the chair, sorry forgot to tell you
John: I'll bring it in tomorrow ok?
Mel: Brilliant, thanks!
Summary: Mel left her jacket on the chair and John'll bring it to her tomorrow.
Dialogue: Kerri: Did you see the apartment?
Stella: yes brb
Kerri: ok
Stella: Sorry I was driving
Stella: I saw it yesterday but it was already dark so I want to go again to see it in the morning
Stella: First of all, its really big, 130 sqm
Kerri: WOW
Stella: I could split it into 2 apartments
Stella: 90 and 40 sqm more or less
Kerri: Or 80 and 50?
Stella: Not really, there's only one way to split it
Stella: So I could stay in the big one with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms
Kerri: Sounds good
Stella: I want to see it in the morning
Stella: The agent said the bedrooms are very sunny in the morning
Stella: Maybe I'll go tomorrow
Kerri: Took some photos?
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Stella: <file_photo>
Kerri: Nice!!!
Kerri: The kitchen looks fantastic
Kerri: Its huge
Stella: It's the size of my living room!
Stella: We obviously don't need 3 bedrooms
Stella: But I could have a decent home office at last
Kerri: Has Greg seen it?
Stella: No, he's away this week
Summary: Stella wants to see the apartment in the morning. She plans to split it into 2 apartments.
Dialogue: Rhett: Can you please check if Dr. King will see me this week?
Harriet: sure
Harriet: what happened?
Rhett: I threw my back out
Harriet: ok I'll see when he can see you asap
Rhett: thanks 
Rhett: oh and you could also check if the dentist will see me
Harriet: ok but I assume after Dr. King
Rhett: naturally
Harriet: ok I think I should get back to you in an hour or so
Harriet: do you need anything else
Rhett: no that will be all
Summary: Rhett wants to make an appointment with Dr. King and with the dentist. Harriet will check if they can see her this week. 
Dialogue: Attila: Dude.i'm in front of the girls' underwear shop..ε=ε=ε=┌(;*´Д`)ﾉ
Baldar: ?? What is the problem? Get in＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)/
Attila: But i'm kinda nervous to enterε=ε=ε=┌(;*´Д`)ﾉ
Baldar: Why the fuck are you there then? ＼| ￣ヘ￣|／＿＿＿＿＿＿＿θ☆( *o*)/
Attila: I should buy the gift for my gf's birthday but I don't even know her size. What am I gonna do?
Baldar: Just get size D. Girls like to be misunderstood that way. Act naturally in the shop.  (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Summary: Attila wants to buy underwear as a birthday present for his girlfriend but does not know her size. Baldar suggests that he should buy size D.
Dialogue: Kento: My mom is coming to town
Jorge: Nice
Jorge: For how long
Kento: For a week!
Jorge: WOw
Jorge: Showing her around the city?
Kento: Ye haha
Summary: Kento's mom is coming to town for a week. Kento will show her around the city.
Dialogue: Maria: Hi guys
Eduardo: Hey, what's up?
James: 👋 
Maria: I'm going to be like 15 minutes late so perhaps you could take a sit and order? I wouldn't like to keep you waiting
James: That's fine by me
Eduardo: No problem! See you there!
Summary: Maria will be about 15 minutes late to a meeting with James and Eduardo. She wouldn't like to keep them waiting, so she asks them to take a sit and order. 
Dialogue: Jo: Hi Tabs, you ok, girl ?
Tabitha: Hey babes! I was just thinking of you! How's the wedding planning coming on?
Jo: Well, I've got 8 weeks left, can't wait for it to be over so I can relax!
Tabitha: How are the numbers? Everyone replied?
Jo: No, that's one of the issues, still 20 or so not replied/ unsure! Can't plan the seating etc yet, annoying! 😠
Tabitha: They surely should reply in the New Year, may have to chase them up, do people do that?
Jo: I don't know! I'm such a newbie to all this! Course, Finn is really laid back about it all!
Tabitha: That's men for you! How about the hen weekend, what's planned, did you decide?
Jo: Yeah, more or less, my sister thought about Paris for 2 nights, love the idea!
Tabitha: Sounds great, but isn't it expensive?
Jo: Well, if I can book 10 of us, then it's only £300 each, not too bad, but the hotel is out of the way a bit, sis can navigate, though.
Tabitha: Well, she did live there for a while, didn't she, that's useful! I think I could scrape together 300 and it does sound lovely, we getting there on Eurostar?
Jo: Yep! I hope to finalise the details in the next week and I'll bring you up to speed then. 
Tabitha: Is your Mum going?
Jo: Yes, she loves a good time, and my Auntie Jan is coming too, she is ace! Hope the oldies don't cramp our style, though!
Tabitha: Well, we can't go totally nuts in Paris, I bet they already think of us as rowdy English drunks!
Jo: Bugger! Hadn't thought of that! Maybe time for a rethink, I'll get back to you, love, bye!
Tabitha: See you!😗
Summary: Jo is getting married in 8 weeks. Some of the guest haven't confirmed, so she can't plan the seating. Jo's sister plans hen weekend in Paris. Tabitha could go. Jo's mum and aunt go there as well.
Dialogue: Ulia: Hi Jerry!
Jerry: Hi! 
Ulia: Would you like to watch the football together tonight?
Jerry: No, not really. Not a football fan. 
Ulia: Ok! 
Summary: Ulia wants to see a football game with Jerry tonight, but he is not a football fan.
Dialogue: Ian: Have you thought about the long weekend yet?
Clarisse: not really. i was busy all day
Ian: we'd need to book tonite or 2moro
Clarisse: can we talk 2nite then?
Ian: ok, i'll send you some links
Clarisse: luv, i'm kind of busy now sorry
Ian: ok, tlak to you then 
Clarisse: yeah, take care
Summary: Clarisse wants to discuss the long weekend plans with Ian tonight.
Dialogue: Gabrielle: Can you clean the kitchen?
Gabrielle: We're having guests tonight.
Lawrence: Are we?
Lawrence: Who's coming?
Gabrielle: My friends from the office.
Lawrence: Okay honey.
Gabrielle: Don't forget to clean the oven.
Lawrence: No problem.
Gabrielle: Thank you, you're the best. ❤️
Summary: Gabrielle's friends from the office are coming over tonight. Lawrence will clean the kitchen.
Dialogue: Randy: Hi, I'm writing about the stroller you have for sale. Is it still available?
Todd: Yes, it is.
Randy: Ok, is the price negotiable?
Todd: Yes, I can take something off, but I'd rather not negotiate through text
Randy: Ok, I understand. When can I come and see it?
Todd: Anytime after 5 pm.
Randy: Ok, I will come tomorrow.
Todd: Ok, see you then.
Randy: Thank you.
Todd: Thanks.
Summary: Randy is interested in buying a stroller from Todd. Randy will come to see it tomorrow, and it will be possible to negotiate the price during the meeting.
Dialogue: Brenda: Where the hell are you? We're waiting in front of the school with Stephanie!
Frank: I'll be there in 5, got stuck in traffic
Brenda: Please be quick, we can't be late again
Frank: No worries, we'll make it right on time
Summary: Frank is late but will arrive in 5 minutes. Brenda and Stephanie are waiting for him in front of the school. Brenda is agitated because Frank is late.
Dialogue: Rose: <file_photo>
Delilah: glitter, glitter, glitter! :D
Rose: I bought it on Ali.
Delilah: You are a hybrid freak! You've got like 1000 of them! :D
Rose: It's not a hybrid nail polish! It's a regular one.
Delilah: No way!! It looks amazing! I would never think it's the regular one.
Delilah: I must have it too! What other colurs are there?
Rose: <file_other>
Delilah: Thanks!
Delilah: The blue one is pretty awesome.
Rose: I will buy the red one next.
Summary: Rose bought a beautiful nail polish on Ali.
Dialogue: Francesca: girls, I need your advice
Blake: what's up?
Vivienne: yes?
Francesca: Brian wants us to go on a dancing course, it's not that i don't like it but I'm stressed out...i can't dance, I can barely walk :/
Blake: you know, the courses are to go and learn from them...so you're a perfect candidate to try it
Vivienne: that's right, nobody who can dance would pay to go on a dancing course
Francesca: I get it, but I'm so impatient when something doesn't work out as I want :/
Francesca: and Brian is 100% sure and is almost bullying me to stop freaking out
Blake: oh come on, maybe it's something you will love? you won't know until you try
Blake: sometimes you just have to jump in the deep end and see what happens
Vivienne: Blake's right
Vivienne: c'mon
Francesca: I'll reconsider it...maybe
Vivienne: just think about all the parties where you can be the couple of the night
Blake: exactly!!!!!
Blake: If you're scared then Viv and I can go as a couple on that course hahahaha
Vivienne: Blake....this is absolutely fantastic, I'm in XDDDD
Francesca: omg, really? xddd
Blake: why not
Blake: Viv, will you be my gf during that course? xd
Viv: of course DARLING hahahahahaah
Francesca: I can't believe it XDDDD I already see myself introducing you to my boyfriend as the lesbian couple I know and respect XD
Summary: Francesca is stressed as Brian wants them to go on a dancing course. She can't dance and she's afraid she's not going to learn, whereas Brain is very insistent. Blake and Vivienne persuade her it's a good idea. In case the course doesn’t work for her the girls can take this course instead.
Dialogue: Andy: Hi Josh!
Josh: Hi Andy what's up?
Andy: You've been travelling in Latin America
Andy: Any advice?
Josh: Why? Are you going there?
Andy: Yes! Next summer :D
Josh: Cool. Where to?
Andy: Brazil, Argentina and Chile
Josh: Awesome! 
Andy: I'm going on a 3-month trip
Josh: That's amazing. You'll love it!
Josh: A piece of advice I can give you
Josh: Is to learn some basics of Spanish/Portuguese
Josh: Just with English it can be hard
Josh: But it's still doable 
Andy: I'm going with Julia. She speaks Spanish and a bit of Portuguese too
Josh: Great! Then you'll be fine 
Josh: Hang with the locals, they will show you what's best!
Andy: That's the plan :-)
Andy: We will stay with some Couchsurfers 
Summary: Josh gives Andy some tips about travelling in Latin America. Andy goes there with Julia who speaks Spanish and a bit of Portuguese. 
Dialogue: Anna: You coming to ladies night!?!?
Ellie: Yeah I just finished, im Good to go :)
Anna: Yay!
Ellie: Are you guys at the pool?
Ellie: heeeeyyy
Anna: Sorry, we just moved to the bar!
Ellie: Ok I will catch you guys
Summary: Ellie is coming to ladies night. Anna and the guys moved to the bar. Ellie will join them. 
Dialogue: Kin: fuck you bitch
George: Fuck you too 
Kin: :)
Summary: Kin and George insult each other.
Dialogue: Monica: I was looking at my old pictures
Wagner: Sounds like fun
Monica: <photo_file>
Monica: <photo_file>
Fred: OMG is that you???
Fred: I had no idea you were blonde
Wagner: Sexy beast!!
Monica: <photo_file>
Wagner: You really loved miniskirts :-)
Monica: This was 2002
Fred: I must say you look way better now
Monica: Thanks
Monica: Don't forget the fashion back then was also horrible
Monica: Fake tan, long ultra blond hair, long pink nails...
Wagner: You had it all 😂
Wagner: Now you're a classy lady 
Monica: LOL
Monica: Look at that:
Monica: <photo_file>
Wagner: 😂😂😂😂😂
Summary: Monica's sending Wagner and Fred her pictures from 2002. She was blonde with long pink nails and she loved miniskirts then. 
Dialogue: Colin: I think the modern world is unhealthy, we’re not supposed to live like this. It used to be that someone was either alone or had real engagement with other people. But now you have neither
Kellie: Interesting. Why?
Colin: You’re never really alone because of phones, facebook, instagram, etc.
Kellie: Well, I agree. People don’t engage with others in the same way. 
Colin: I believe that we’re not as good at forming close bonds because of social media. 
Kellie: Can you imagine that people call it ‘progress’?
Summary: Colin and Kellie agree that human relations and abilities to form close bonds with others have deteriorated because of social media.
Dialogue: Joe: would you like to rent a car with us next weekend?
Lilly: where would you like to go?
Michelle: we thought about some hot springs or thermal baths
Lilly: that's actually quite an amazing idea!
Lilly: I'll ask Jeff and let you know
Joe: Perfect! We want to rent it from Friday till Tuesday
Joe: so it could be a bit longer weekend :)
Lilly: ok!
Summary: Joe and Michelle are planning to rent a car from Friday till Tuesday and go to some thermal baths or hot springs. Lilly will ask Jeff if they want to come along.
