Dialogue: Patricia: <file_other>
Patricia: What kind of people enjoy hurting animals?!
Patricia: They are the worst monsters!!!
Edgar: I agree. You send me a link but I don't know if I want to open it.
Edgar: I'm really sensitive about it.
Patricia: Guy took newborn kittens he didn't want, put them in a bag and threw it to the river.
Edgar: Fuck. I hate it. 
Edgar: I'm sorry, but I get really agressive when I hear something like that.
Edgar: I feel like putting this man into a bag and throw it to the river!
Patricia: They charged him with animal abuse.
Patricia: But there are more people like him out there.
Patricia: I hate it.
Edgar: I really don't get it. Why people are so cruel?
Edgar: I understand fighting with other people
Edgar: Survival instinct or whatever.
Edgar: But this acts of cruelty? I really don't get it.
Patricia: I cried today when I read it. 
Patricia: I want to kick this guy in the nuts and then rip it off and throw it to the river
Edgar: Wow. Honey easy. Don't talk to me about ripping off nuts. Please. I already feel it :P
Patricia: Maybe harsh, but this is what I feel like doing when reading something like this.
Edgar: I know. It's ok. Kittens were rescued, so it ended well. 
Edgar: Man got charged with animal abuse and animals are safe now, looking for a new home. 
Patricia: Yeah, I feel glad that it ended that way.
Patricia: But it strikes me how many such cases don't.
Edgar: Fortunately the law is getting more and more strict about animal abuse, so there is hope in human kind.
Patricia: You're right. Sorry I spilled it out at you, but I had to.
Edgar: I know :) See you at home :)
Summary: Patricia and Edgar have a conversation about animal abuse. They both deplore it.
Dialogue: Rose: I'm here
Daniel: Running late, I will be there as soon as possible.
Daniel: Sorry.
Rose: No problem, we have a nice table :)
Rose: Bad news.
Daniel: ? (be there in 10)
Rose: They don't have your ramen.
Daniel: Noooooo
Rose: Want to go somewhere else?
Daniel: No, it's fine, I'll be forced to try something else ;)
Rose: Ok, got us some wine (mostly for myself)
Summary: Daniel is late for a meeting with Rose. She has already arrived and got a table for them. Daniel will try something new to him in the restaurant as they do not serve his favorite ramen now.
Dialogue: Monica: Quick question.
Jessie: Shoot.
Monica: I’ve got to choose a dress for tonight.
Jessie: And...?
Monica: And I’ve got a dilemma:-) 
Jessie: Oh, c’mon, show it! 
Monica: Blue  <file_photo> or red <file_photo> ?
Jessie: Blue of course, are you blind?! ;-)
Monica: I knew you’d help me;-) Thx!
Jessie: No problem ;-)
Summary: Jessie has chosen a blue dress for Monica to wear tonight.
Dialogue: Kevin: fuck where's my ps4 pro
Kevin: I still haven't received it
Jason: maaaan, that sucks, how long you can wait
Kevin: I know it's Christmas soon but come on!
Jason: damn, and I thought we'd playing by now
Kevin: yeah :/
Summary: Kevin still has not received the PS4 Pro he ordered. Jason is disappointed that they cannot play on it yet.
Dialogue: Yvonne: I met Julia in the canteen 
Selma: Is she back from Cuba?
Thomas: Apparently.
Yvonne: She told me she would "have to" go to Colombia/Venezuela border
Yvonne: She got some funding from an NGO
Yvonne: She "really needs to see" the crisis herself 
Selma: This is ridiculous
Selma: There is a humanitarian crisis there
Selma: I'm sure the money could be better spent
Selma: Instead of paying for Julia's flight
Selma: For her to "see the crisis herself"
Thomas: This is insane
Thomas: But doesn't surprise me 
Thomas: Many NGOs spend money in absurd ways 
Summary: Yvonne met Julia in the canteen. Julia is back from Cuba and got funding from NGO. 
Dialogue: Alberto: here's my new number
Isaac: what happened to the old one?
Alberto: I lost the phone
Isaac: you know you can ask for a new card, don't you?
Alberto: no I can't
Alberto: it's prepaid
Isaac: still
Alberto: really?
Isaac: what company is it?
Alberto: Vodafone
Isaac: well I know you can do it with Orange for sure
Alberto: anyway it's too late
Alberto: I already have a new one
Isaac: have it your way man
Summary: Alberto gives Isaac his new phone number as he lost his existing phone. Isaac suggests that Alberto can ask for a new card but Alberto says that it's no longer relevant as he has a new number.
Dialogue: Teddy: Auntie Gertie is coming to England this summer!
Delma: Cool! I haven't seen her for years
Greg: Where is she going to stay?
Teddy: With my parents at the beginning 
Teddy: But I think she wants to visit all of us
Delma: She's welcome to stay with us
Delma: I'll give her a call later
Delma: It's early in America now 
Summary: Auntie Gertie is coming to England this summer. Delma will call her later.
Dialogue: Jennie: Hi sweetie, have you got up yet? 
Thomas: No, still in bed.
Jennie: Then get up and see what I left you in the kitchen ;) 
Thomas: Sounds like a good motivation! 
Summary: Thomas did not get up yet. Jennie left something for Thomas in the kitchen .
Dialogue: Caleb: Hey, do you wanna talk through Whatsup?
Nathan: No, I'm doing my homework now.
Caleb: Ok, but when can we hook up to play Fortnite?
Nathan: I don't know, that game is getting boring.
Caleb: Come on, I have to beat you again :)
Nathan: You wish! I always kill you in that game.
Caleb: Well, log in so we can play.
Nathan: I have a math test tomorrow.
Caleb: Errr...I hate math.
Nathan: I don't mind it, actually. I'm one of the best in my class. It's easy for me.
Caleb: You're lucky. My math teacher isn't very good. She doesn't know how to explain equations.
Nathan: You should switch to my school then :)
Caleb: Nah, I like my school for other things. We have the best basketball program.
Nathan: Yeah, but you're not even on the team!
Caleb: I plan to be, though, maybe next year.
Nathan: Yeah right. Anyways, I gotta get back to this. Let's play tomorrow night.
Caleb: Ok, good look on your test.
Nathan: Thanks! See ya.
Caleb: See ya online tomorrow ;)
Summary: Celeb wants to play Fortnite with Nathan, but Nathan has to prepare for a math test the next day. Celeb doesn't like maths and is not happy with his math teacher. He likes his school because it has the best basketball program. They will play online tomorrow night.
Dialogue: Caden: are you still in the supermarket?
Muhammad: yes why
Caden: can you buy me a bunch of grapes? i'll pay you back
Muhammad: sure, do you want anything else?
Caden: no, thanks! :>
Summary: Muhammad will buy Caden a bunch of grapes at the supermarket. 
Dialogue: Amy: How about we go to Spoons later?
Helen: I can't. I'm stuck with my First Year Report.
Anne: OMG me too... 
Amy: Me too but I feel like chilling
Oli: I'm in!
Deborah: Count me in!
Amy: Cool so there are 3 of us. Anyone else wants to join?
Adrienne: Me... but later, I'm entering my supervision now.
Amy: Good luck xxx
Adrienne: Thanks, I'll text you when I'm done
Amy: How about we meet at 5?
Oli: 5:30? :)
Amy: Ok
Deborah: ok! see you later mates
Summary: Amy, Helen, Oli, Deborah and Anne want to go to Spoons at 5:30. Adrienne will join them later when she's done.
Dialogue: Chris: Nah! The girls liked it!
June: Are u sure? Weren't the just putting brave faces on?
Chris: Brave faces? Nah, they were wasted and then started jumping into the pool. Some others joined them.
June: Ur joking?!
Chris: All of a sudden the party turned into a pool party ;)
June: And what about Luke?
Chris: U know how he is.
June: No, tell me.
Chris: He passed out rly quickly and slept through most of the thing.
June: Maybe better for him.
Chris: He missed the best bits!
June: U mean there was more?
Chris: Yup. Remember Ken?
June: Yeah. The handsome one.
Chris: Not for me to judge, but yeah.
June: What about him?
Chris: He got really wasted!
June: Nothing new.
Summary: At the party, drunk girls jumped into the pool. Luke passed out early and slept through most of the event. Ken got very drunk. 
Dialogue: Wendy: I'm popping out to the shop. Do you need anything?
Alex: Will you get me some yoghurt and a chocolate bar?
Wendy: Please? :-)
Alex: Will you get me some yoghurt and a chocolate bar, please? :-)
Wendy: Standard order, sir? Natural yoghurt and plain chocolate?
Alex: You know my too well. You're getting dangerous :-p
Wendy: I'll be back in 15 min.
Alex: Thank you!
Summary: Wendy is going to the shop and will buy yogurt and a chocolate bar for Alex. Wendy will be back in 15 minutes. 
Dialogue: Janet: that mickey mouse tee you were wearing yesterday was really cute
Janet: it looked great on you :-D
Oscar: you're making me blush \ (•◡•) / lol
Janet: whatever
Janet: it looked good
Oscar: i'm glad you liked it
Oscar: but i'm never wearing it again
Janet: why???
Oscar: it gave me the worst itch ever
Oscar: i think i may be allergic to the fabric ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Janet: ohhhhh nooooo
Oscar: yeah
Oscar: i was itching and scratching all day
Janet: that sucks
Janet: i really liked how it looked
Janet: i guess you'll never wear it again
Oscar: you're right :-D
Summary: Janet liked Oscar's T-shirt. Oscar will not wear it again as it made him itch. 
Dialogue: Dave: Larry, where are you?
Lisa: We're waiting! All seated and all!
Larry: On our way
Patrick: We've been waiting for an hour! Hurry up, I'm starving
Larry: you're an hour early then
Patrick: You said 6 and it's 5.48 exactly...
Denise: We're parking right now, are Larry and Jackie already there??
Lisa: not yet. on their way, apparently
Larry: 5 min
Patrick: so another hour then...
Dave: Patrick <file_gif>
Larry: Get some drinks guys, last two light and we're there
Lisa: we're having margaritas! ready for a merry night
Larry: walking in. be ready
Summary: Larry is getting late for the meeting.
Dialogue: Anne: Hi Nancy.
Nancy: Hi Anne, how are you?
Anne: I'm fine, thanks. I'm planning a picnic with the kids this w/e. Maybe you would want to come along?
Nancy: Oh, how lovely, thanks for the invite :) Which location?
Anne: I was thinking of Gatineau Park. You know that place by the lake where they have tables and BBQs.
Anne: I checked the forecast and it's looking quite sunny. Almost no chances of showers. And the views now are amazing!
Nancy: That's true. We went to Lansdowne Park last w/e. 
Nancy: I love autumn, it's my favourite time of year.
Anne: Great :) Do you need a ride?
Nancy: I'll ask Nick if he's working Saturday. If not, we'll take the car and meet you there.
Anne: OK, let me know. See you soon!
Nancy: ttyl
Summary: Anne and Nancy are going to have picnic with their kids this weekend.
Dialogue: Jan: Hello dear, you ok?
Jodie: Hi Jan, yes, all fine! How's Adrian?
Jan: Oh alright, his leg has healed up nicely and he's getting about fine now, they even said he can drive again.
Jodie: Oh, that's lovely! You don't have to chauffeur him around any more, then!
Jan: No, but I enjoy doing it most of the time. Just glad he's better.
Jodie: Yes, that was a horrible burn and then the infection setting in, poor thing!
Jan: Yes, the hospital had to do a skin graft, as you probably know. It is a bit bumpy now, but almost back to normal. They are very clever nowadays!
Jodie: Just make sure he doesn't decide to make chips again when he's just come home from the pub.
Jan: Yes, I watch him like a hawk now! But he's only been out a couple of times since the accident and he only had a few drinks.
Jodie: I hope you've chucked out that chip pan! 
Jan: Oh yes, it was ancient anyway. We've got one of those Actifry things now, much safer and less fattening.
Jodie: That sounds good, we could get one too.
Jan: Well Mark used to love chips.
Jodie: He still does but we just cook them in the oven. Anyway, looking forward to seeing you both soon.
Jan: Yes, us too. Keep us up to date on times etc and we'll see you next Friday!
Jodie: Bye Jan!
Summary: Adrian's leg has healed well. Jan has started using Actifry because it is safer and less fattening. Jodie will get back to Jan before they meet on Friday.
Dialogue: Marcin: How's the launch of your game?
Tero: launch was ok, not superb, but good
Tero: we should be making money on the game from now on, as in it has broken even afaik
Marcin: After blizzard's launches where nothing worked for week, I think your launch was great :-)
Marcin: Alleatha bought it. Said its interesting
Tero: that's cool ☺
Summary: Tero launched his game. Alleatha bought Tero's game.
Dialogue: Jennie: Hey! neighborhood is so dull ever since you left!  
Megan: awwww! i am having hard time settling here too...
Jennie: really? come back here than.. it was so lively when you were here now nobudy comes out!!!
Megan: why dont you guys plan a meet up? i would join you guys too..
Jennie: that would be great i told them many times but they are like only Megan can do that..
Megan: aww so nice to know you guys are missing me.. i miss you guys very much tooo... 
Jennie: so will you plan a meet up?
Megan: sure will let you know 
Jennie: ok 
Megan: good day
Jennie: you too.
Summary: Megan has moved out of Jennie's neighborhood. They all miss each other. Megan's going to plan a meet up.
Dialogue: Dominic: <file_other>
Dominic: click this link and you'll find all the photos from our trip to Croatia there
Laura: Finally! You kept me waiting long for it :)
Dominic: I've been touching the photos up
Dominic: so now you can see a collection of entirely improved photos, no imperfections or blurs, well-balanced colors and tones...
Dominic: a whole lot of work! You should appreciate my effort
Laura: I do appreciate that, of course! You know that I'm a kind of... spitfire :)
Dominic: you are! I like it in you but still can't get used to it :p
Laura: You won't be bored with me too soon then :)
Dominic: I guess so :)
Dominic: Have you checked the photos yet?
Laura: I'm downloading the whole folder in case they cut off the Internet again...
Dominic: What's wrong? Did you pay the bill on time?
Laura: Sure, the current weather is the problem.
Laura: The wind is blowing furiously today and I think it influences the connection
Dominic: Actually it is possible and there's nothing you can do about it but wait
Dominic: The weather is putting your patience to the test :D
Laura: It seems so...
Laura: My mom says that it's good for me because I spend too much time at the computer
Dominic: I think it's a common addiction nowadays
Dominic: My parents say the same thing...
Dominic: We are absorbed in the virtual world so much that it became a normal course of things for us
Laura: I guess you're right
Laura: Gotta go now, dinner time!
Laura: I'll let you know what I think of the photos later :D
Dominic: Sure, enjoy! :)
Summary: Dominic sends Laura a link to a folder with retouched photos from their trip to Croatia. Laura is downloading the folder as her internet connection is unstable due to bad weather. Dominic's and Laura's parents say they spend too much time at the computer. 
Dialogue: Gloria: I know it'll sound stupid, but have you got a spare vacum cleaner?
Nat: Yes, I have. 
Gloria: What??? 
Gloria: Why do you have two vacum cleaners? How does this??? You're werid.  
Nat: :D
Nat: One is mine, the other I inhertied. 
Gloria: I have no more questions. 
Nat: You want it or not?
Gloria: Not sure... Did someone die using that other one?...
Nat: :D :D :D 
Nat: No, it's save. Don't worry. I'll pop up around in the evening, ok?
Gloria: I still don't trust you... 
Summary: Gloria is looking for a vacuum cleaner and she is shocked to hear Nat has a spare one. Gloria is not sure if she wants it.
Dialogue: Vera: Hey, I got 3 tickets for Vasco!
Giada: Amazing! How much?
Vera: 50 euro each!
Monna: Count me in!
Giada: It's the Infinity tour?
Summary: Vera, Giada and Monna are going to see Vasco live.
Dialogue: Corin: Did you hear about the outing tonight?
Ersin: No. I was on sick leave for a few days.
Corin: I've noticed, that's why I'm asking :)
Ersin: That's nice of you.
Ersin: So what is it about?
Corin: It's Rose's birthday and we are going to a pub to celebrate. 
Ersin: We? 
Corin: Everyone is coming, the whole team.
Corin: You must have got the email invite as well. 
Ersin: I see. That's nice.
Ersin: But I'm still not feeling very well.
Ersin: So i dont's know.
Corin: It's a good opportunity to integrate with the team...
Ersin: I know.
Ersin: What time do you meet?
Corin: We are going straight after work. You're party of the team now:)
Ersin: Yes. I didn't mean to separate myself or anything. I just need some time to get used to the situation.
Corin: I understand. You don't have to stay long at the pub. 
Ersin: Okey, I'll come. And if I don't feel well, I'll go home. 
Corin: Fantastic! 
Ersin: I hope it'll be! ;) 
Summary: Ersin has been sick and hasn't heard about Rose's birthday party after work tonight. The entire team is coming so Corin insists that he be there too. Ersin might leave early if he's unwell.
Dialogue: Jaylee: Got milk?
Raven: Yeah, it is in the fridge
Jaylee: Which
Raven: Yellow in the bottle
Jaylee: Water also?
Raven: Yes
Jaylee: Thanx
Raven: Welcome
Summary: There is milk and water in the fridge.
Dialogue: Donald: hey
Donald: stop lying everytime i ask you where is mike
Scofield: dude, since when did i lie 
Donald: since you told me Mike was not at home
Scofield: he wasnt i promise
Donald: i dont beleive you
Scofield: okay then
Summary: Donald doesn't believe Scofield that Mike was not at home. 
Dialogue: Dominik: hi! I'm looking for a computer
Marek: Good afternoon! I am glad to be your adviser. What are we looking for?
Dominik: I want to get a computer for my girlfriend
Marek: What will be main purpose of it? 
Dominik: it's because she has a birthday soon
Marek: No, I meant how she will use her computer
Dominik: Oh, sorry :D. She's a graphic designer, so mostly she's going to draw someting, maybe a bit of 3D modelling
Marek: No worries :). So the graphic card is importand, also the hard drive plays an important role. And good quality monitor is a must
Dominik: yes, also she is playing guitar, so some good audio card and speakers would be nice
Marek: I am sure we can find something suitable. Please give me a moment so I can complete your offer
Dominik: sure
Dominik: hello?
Dominik: helloooo???
Marek: Thank you for waiting. I have prepared 3 setups, cheap, medium and fully equipped one
Marek: <file_photo>
Marek: <file_photo>
Marek: <file_photo>
Dominik: wow, they all look cool, but quite pricy, especially the last one
Marek: As you can see the prices are not so different, but compare specification of the first and third one. There is better grapic card, SSD drive - very important nowadays, and the biggest monitor we have in our shop
Dominik: I will have to think about it, thank you for your help
Marek: Come back to us whenever you are ready, our online consultants are working 24/7 for you. Have a nice day!11
Summary: Dominik wants to buy a computer as a birthday gift for his girlfriend, who is a graphic designer and plays the guitar. Marek comes up with three suitable offers. 
Dialogue: Daryl: Hey, as you know I just came to town and I'm looking for affordable Spanish classes. Can you recommend anything?
Morgan: Hey, where do you live exactly?
Daryl: Spring Hill.
James: Hey, I know a good language school, but it's a bit far from your neighborhood <file_other>
Daryl: thanks, I'll check it out
Morgan: Hm, the one I know seem a bit closer <file_other>
Daryl: oh cool. Has some nice prices as well.
James: Are you interested in private tuition? I know an experienced native speaker and I think she has room for a couple more students.
Daryl: I'm a bit constrained by my budget, but I will gladly check out her offer. Does she have a website?
James: Give me a minute. 
Daryl: Sure
James: <file_other>
Morgan: oh, I think I know her too. My friend used to have classes with her and says they were great.
Daryl: ok, I'll check all of it out. Thank you guys a lot. I owe you one ;)
Morgan: no problem
James: my pleasure
Summary: Daryl is looking for Spanish classes in a good price. Morgan and James send him some suggestions.
Dialogue: Lynda: Which shirt should I choose for the job interview?
Lynda: <photo_file>
Lynda: <photo_file>
Lynda: <photo_file>
Ela: The white one. It's the most classy.
Parker: What kind of job is it?
Lynda: In a restaurant. I want to be a waitress. 
Parker: Take the white shirt. 
Summary: Lynda will have a job interview for a waitress position.
Dialogue: Richelle: Hey! We don't know each other, but I've heard you moved to Scotland to study. Is that right?
Sheryl: Hi, yes thats right!!
Richelle: Perfect! Can I ask you some questions? I need some advice as I am planning to go there as well
Sheryl: Yeah sure, go ahead
Richelle: So, how do you find the university there? Is it difficult? 
Sheryl: Honestly, it was quite difficult in the beginning with the language because everything is in English, but because I did a foundation year abroad as well, and I learned academic English, I was already somehow more prepared for what was coming next
Richelle: And what do you study?
Sheryl: I am in my 3rd year studying psychology !!
Richelle: Seriously? That's what I want to study as well!
Sheryl: Oh that's great ahah, I really like the course and the way they assess us with the assignments, all the topics seem to be very interesting and you end up doing a lot of research. I am sure you will like it too
Richelle: Cool! And what about people there? I'm asking because I am a bit shy 😞
Sheryl: Studying abroad is honestly a new world. You see people from different parts of the world, and the most exciting thing is that you actually have things in common with them. Although let me tell you you have to be very open minded
Richelle: Have you had any unpleasant situations there?
Sheryl: Yes, I have, unfortunately, when you are abroad, you start thinking about things you probably have never thought about before, things like stereotypes ..
Richelle: Wow... what happened?
Sheryl: I guess we, unconsciously, treat people differently or just make up our minds, even before we know them. But don't be scared, seriously! I was shy in my first days too, and I thought everyone looks very confident, but trust me everyone feels exactly like you in their first days
Richelle: 🙂 I'm really afraid and exciting of going to study abroad. And please tell me, is the living expensive there?
Sheryl: I guess it is more expensive than in Portugal as we have pounds, but groceries have almost the same prices
Richelle: Ok, thanks a lot! You helped me a lot! I will contact with you if I have any other questions! Enjoy your day!
Summary: Richelle needs advice about studying in Scotland. Sheryl finds that the beginnings can be difficult because of English and that everyone is shy, believe in stereotypes, but later more open minded. Sheryl also mentions that the cost of living in Scotland is higher.
Dialogue: Diana: shit, I can't stop thinkig about it...;/
Diana: I wrote him what u told me and nth
Diana: ... ;-( :-( ;-( 
Sue: maybe he is busy
Sue: take it easy gilr!
Diana: no, he always writes back
Diana: and he promised me to answer me today
Sue: it's only 11 , maybe he's still sleeping;-)
Diana: No, he wakes up early
Sue: but yesterday he want for beers, right?
Sue: so he can be still sleeping:D
Diana: no, I saw him active
Sue: so maybe he's got a hangover 
Sue: I hate talking with sb when I have a hangover
Diana: no he doesn't drink much...
Sue: so r u going to sit here and wait for him??????
Diana: I'm so nervous... that this will be over...
Sue: I can't believe, u know him for 3 weeks and u r totally dependent on him!
Diana: no, that's not true
Sue: it is true, darling! 
Sue: he should be dependend on u, he should be chasing u and not the other way round!!!
Diana: true....:/
Sue: just do yr things and if he can fit to yr schedule then u gonna meet;-)
Sue: and if not then he'll learn that he needs to book u in advance;-)
Diana: but what if we don't meet then?
Sue: then, he will learn faster :D
Diana: ok, fine, thx <3 <3 <3 
Summary: Diana is desperately awaiting a response from a guy she's known for 3 weeks. Sue is trying to calm her down.
Dialogue: Vic: What RPGs have u played?
Natty: Not many. I played Mines of Mars.
Vic: Never heard of that one.
Natty: Oh, u basically run around a mine and dig stuff out. Sometimes u have to fight monsters, but that's rare.
Vic: So, something like Prince of Persia?
Natty: Basically.
Summary: Natty used to play a RPG called Mines of Mars. It is similar to Prince of Persia.
Dialogue: Tamika: <file_picture>
Ira: wtf is that
Tamika: pretty cool, isn't it? 
Ira: I said, wtf
Ira: Hey it's not cool
Ira: it's gross 
Tamika: :(
Ira: how anyone can like something like that
Tamika: come on, don't be so harsh
Ira: no, it's disguisting and you should be ashamed of yourself for liking something like this
Ira: do in your room whatever you want but don't bring it outside
Ira: 😨😨😨
Tamika: I'm not the only person who breeds spiders, you know...
Summary: Ira is disgusted by the photo of breeding spiders that Tamika shared with her.
Dialogue: Taylor: I think I left my power bank on your place yesterday
Owen: My brother was using it
Taylor: Can you please ask him to bring it to me, I really need it
Owen: He is not at home right now
Taylor: But I am going at my grandpa's  and i need it badly
Owen: Dont worry, you can use mine. will be in front of your house in half an hour
Taylor: Thanks :)
Summary: Taylor left his power bank at Owen's place yesterday. He needs it now, but Owen's brother was using it and he's not at home now. Owen will bring his power bank to Taylor's house in half an hour.
Dialogue: Tamira: <file_photo>
Nikole: lol
Nikole: is that for her birthday party?
Tamira: yeah
Nikole: OMG..
Nikole: waaay over the top
Tamira: 🍌
Nikole: hahahaha
Nikole: 🍆
Tamira: these girls have no brains..
Nikole: 🤦
Nikole: I'm totally lost for words..
Summary: Tamira's outfit for the birthday party is way over the top.
Dialogue: Mona: Do you know where Maria bought this red dress?
Mona: It is really amazing!
Clair: I have no idea.
Clair: But you're right, she looked amazing!
Mona: Maybe Anna will know ...
Clair: Try..., 
Clair: ... but she probably will not tell you anything ...
Summary: Mona and Clair think Maria looked amazing in the red dress and both don't know where she bought it. Maybe Anna will know, but probably she won't tell them.
Dialogue: Weronika: Heeeey, how's the journey?
Sarah: oh lovely haha there's no traffic so really its fine
Weronika: ooh were in Mokotow so getting closer too haha the flat number is 60 btw
Sarah: ah ok great
Weronika: I mean it's not right out front 
Sarah: from the metro?
Weronika: nooo from the other side than the street, I mean the entrance is not from the front
Sarah: ahh ok got it 
Weronika: but you can call me anyways 
Sarah: ok! I just got it the metro 
Weronika: ooh which station? 
Sarah: Wilanowska
Summary: Weronika and Sarah are about to meet.
Dialogue: Jeff: I got the book!
Marina: what book?
Jeff: the essays of Sontag
Marina: lol, they've been available at least since 1980s
Jeff: but the book from the library had been always borrowed
Terry: sure, everybody has it on the curriculum
Jean: good for you! scan it
Jeff: sure I will
Summary: Jeff managed to get the essays of Sontag from the library. The book had always been borrowed.
Dialogue: Toby: What would you do if you won a lottery?
Melanie: lol, where does this question come from?
Toby: my neighbour has just won billions, it's quite interesting to observe what he's doing
Toby: he's moving out, of course
Marion: wow, I don't really know
Toby: would you quit your job?
Charlie: I love my job
Charlie: but I would be free from the pressure of money, no overtime anymore eg
Melanie: exactly
Marion: I'd quit it and go for a journey around the world
Marion: for a few years
Toby: I really don't know
Toby: it seems I don't have real dreams
Marion: wow, maybe you're just happy?
Toby: maybe!
Summary: Toby's neighbour has just won billions in the lottery and he's moving out. Toby, Charlie, Marion and Melanie discuss what they would do if they won the lottery.
Dialogue: Joyce: <photo_file>
Russell: Oh great! 
Logan: What an adventure!
Joyce: It was such a great day
Joyce: <photo_file>
Joyce: We were kayaking for 6 hours
Joyce: The views were amazing!!
Logan: Looks great
Logan: I'd love to do that one day
Logan: Where are you now?
Joyce: <location>
Logan: That's far
Joyce: We will sleep here tonight 
Joyce: Tomorrow we're coming back
Summary: Joyce shares pictures of her kayaking for 6 hours. She will stay there overnight and return tomorrow.
Dialogue: Ben: Have you seen the newest Simpsons episode?
Tim: no
Tim: NO SPOILERS
Ben: fine...
Ben: it's a good one
Tim: SHUT UP
Tim: NOT A FUCKING WORD!
Ben: fine
Summary: Ben saw last episode of the Simpsons.
Dialogue: Sarah: A-yo bitches, what's up?
Lucy: A-yo, wanna go to the salsa club?
Rosie: A-yo
Rosie: ACK, when?
Lucy: Cool, this wknd
Sarah: <gif>
Rosie: <gif>
Summary: Sarah, Lucy and Rosie are going to the salsa club this weekend.
Dialogue: Charlie: hi giiirls!!!
Charlie: do you have a topshop or mango membership card?
Julia: nope, why?
Charlie: i'm going shopping and was counting on some discounts - and extra points for you lovelies ;)
Victoria: shopping? ;> why? are u dressing up? ;>
Charlie: a bit ;) i've a date :x
Julia: whooooaah! you go girl!
Victoria: I've Topshop card
Charlie: cool, wanna join?
Julia: i do ;D
Victoria: hell yeah when?
Charlie: Thursday, Friday's the date xoxoxo!
Summary: Charlie has a date on Friday. She's looking for a discount card for Topshop or Mango. Victoria has a Topshop card. Victoria, Charlie and Julia are going shopping on Thursday.
Dialogue: Danso: Have you experienced something like this?
Danso: You wanna fart but you are not sure if it is reall fart or poop
Aslan: Yes i have you moron. Why you talk about dirty stuff?!(；一_一)
Aslan: I was about to have lunch you bastard︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻
Danso: If you are not sure just go to bathroom. NEVER TRUST YOURSELF ヽ(ｏ`皿′ｏ)ﾉ
Danso: JUST GO TO THE BATHROOM. you got it?
Summary: Danso recommends that Aslan goes to the bathroom.
Dialogue: Logan: So what happens now?
Amelia: They vote, I guess?
Logan: I ask because of these legal advice things today. It doesn't sound positive.
Amelia: Nothing about this sounds positive. 
Logan: It's the customs union that's the problem right now.
Amelia: Seems to be.
Logan: No, it is, because they are saying it isn't legal to exit without another customs agreement or something.
Amelia: See, how can you be sure what anything says right now?
Logan: I'm just reading what the news says...
Amelia: Fake news! LOL!
Logan: Um, right...
Logan: It's the Irish border that's the problem. Ireland is staying in the EU so there has to be a border.
Amelia: Ah, and they don't want a hard border?
Logan: No. Makes everything more complicated and difficult.
Amelia: But this is all lawyer-speak and legalese. 
Logan: Yes, but all lawyers do is give a frank opinion.
Amelia: What does PM say?
Logan: She's insistent that there has to be a backstop for NI and the border.
Amelia: Well, then...
Logan: Some backtracking there, but all in all an honest response from her.
Amelia: The whole thing bores me to tears.
Logan: More to discuss down the pub! LOL!
Amelia: Meet you there!
Summary: Logan and Amelia discuss politics and Brexit. Logan explains there is a problem with the customs union and the border. They go to the pub to discuss the matter.
Dialogue: Larry: Hey, what was the name of this british journalist guy who makes videos on youtube during stand-ups?
Harry: Jonathan Pie
Larry: Thanks!
Harry: Guy is great.
Harry: Just before or after recording material he always makes a statement about current  affairs using swearwords and with no beating around the bush.
Larry: Yeah, I remember when you showed it to me.
Harry: Despite him being a leftist I admire him.
Harry: He has unique gift of being objective journalist and giving his opinion next to the facts not instead of them.
Larry: I think the world needs journalist like this.
Harry: Yup. I agree.
Larry: Have you ever been to London?
Harry: Nope.
Larry: Me too. But I would really love to go there one day.
Harry: Nothing difficult in that.
Harry: You save some money, book a flight and accomodation and that's it.
Larry: Theoratically yes
Harry: There is no theoretically here. You dream of something and you do it if it's in your reach. And that one thing is rather easy to accomplish.
Larry: You're right. I will do my best. Thanks for the motivation. :D
Summary: Larry and Harry like Jonathan Pie as he's an objective journalist. Neither Larry nor Harry have been o London. Larry might go there soon.
Dialogue: Mike: Suzie Suzie
Suzie: hm?
Mike: go out with me
Suzie: :*
Mike: I'm serious
Suzie: I'm severus
Mike: we can watch harry potter and eat sushi
Suzie: you're sweet but... Sorry no!!
Summary: Mike wants to go out with Suzie but she refuses.
Dialogue: Henry: Amanda I saw you yesterday on the bus stop. Great colour!!
Amanda: Thanks! It was an experiment
Tom: I agree. You look great. It was a good choice! 
Amanda: Thank you. You're so sweet :* 
Summary: Amanda dyed her hair a new color.
Dialogue: Haley: Hi, I've just made a slaughter on my instagram
Matt: haha, why?
Haley: too many people that I followed and who did not give a shit about me
Matt: yes, I understand it
Patt: It's a very strange medium, there are sometimes friends or people who we believe are friends
Patt: but in fact they really don't care, don't even bother to follow us
Patt: or they maybe think to be better than us? like only they are worth the attention and effort?
Haley: exactly, so I unfollowed a lot of them
Patt: Some people seem to find pleasure in being followed without reciprocity 
Patt: feeling special
Haley: Yes, it's very silly
Patt: whatever, a lot of strange fb/instagram psychology
Patt: should be a new branch of psychology
Haley: there is a lot of research on it already
Patt: I know, interesting stuff
Summary: Haley unfollowed a lot of people, because they didn't follow her back.
