Dialogue: Garry: What do you like in your girlfriends?
Olaf: Marcia is very smart. She really inspires me. 
Tadeu: I don't know. I like Amy as a person. I like her company. 
Olaf: And you?
Garry: I like that Adrienne never gives me headache 
Garry: I was talking to a friend recently
Garry: He said that his gf fights with him over little things
Garry: She cannot accept him as he is
Garry: He's never good enough for her
Olaf: That's bad. Why doesn't he dump her?
Tadeu: Exactly. Who would like to be with such a person?
Garry: I don't know.
Garry: All I can say is that we are lucky to have our girls.
Summary: Garry, Olaf and Tadeu are discussing what they like about their girlfriends.
Dialogue: Tetty: did u watch the game last nite?
Washington: man, too busy 2 watch
Shelley: me neither. ppl work tet
Tetty: regret it!
Summary: Tetty watched the game last night. Neither Washington nor Shelley watched it. 
Dialogue: Luna: Do you have shopping time today?
Ann: Shopping? Always!
Luna: Cool :)
Summary: Anna and Luna are going shopping today.
Dialogue: Tim: Happy new year!
Joe: Happy new year mate!
Joe: Hope it is better than 2018 cause it sucked big time.
Tim: Yeah I hope so.
Tim: Ever noticed that this is what we all say at the end of every year?
Joe: LOL. True that.
Tim: So retrospectively the bad years were still good years. ;-)
Joe: Guess you can look at it that way. :-D
Summary: Tim and Joe wish happy new year to each other and hope it will be better than 2018. 
Dialogue: Paulina: I cant find my hamster lol
Jacalyn: omggg wtf did u do with it
Paulina: it was runnin around my room, as always
Jacalyn: I told ya he gonna get lost one day
Paulina: what now ;((
Jacalyn: don’t loo for it, doesn’t make any sense, just put ta lot of food on the table and wait
Paulina: okkk what if it doesnt work
Jacalyn: then you can have a fucking funeral lol
Paulina: dont say that!!! i want him back
Jacalyn: thats how it works when youre stupid, Pal
Paulina: T__T
Summary: Paulina can't find her hamster. It was running around her room and got lost. 
Dialogue: Nicole: hi girls!
Nicole: you won't believe me! Tom's asked me to go on a date with him!
Sharon: wowwww! congrats!
Sarah: we'll be keeping our fingers crossed:P
Sarah: some details, please?
Nicole: bumped into him in the canteen during lunch.
Nicole: and he asked if I had plans for Sat evening.
Sharon: and you agreed ;)
Nicole: of course!
Sarah: I guess you've always fancied him;)
Nicole: :P
Sharon: and what are you gonna do? coffee, reataurant, movie?
Nicole: he invited me to 'Royal Palace'
Sarah: it's quite expensive, I've heard.
Sharon: it means he likes you a lot ;)
Nicole: ;)
Summary: Tom has asked Nicole out. Their date will take place on Saturday evening in the Royal Palace.
Dialogue: Theresa: This is just perfect :/
Theresa: Ryanair lost my suitcase
Gabriel: They did what?!
Theresa: I'm furious, I've been waiting for two hours for my luggage only to find out it was lost
Gabriel: Oh jesus
Theresa: They told me they didn't know where it was sent.
Gabriel: How is it even possible? How difficult can it be to track a marked suitcase?
Theresa: My thoughts exactly.
Gabriel: What are you going to do?
Theresa: Well, they told me that they need more time to track it so I think I need to go to my hotel
Gabriel: But aren't you entitled to some kind of reimbursement?
Theresa: Am I?
Gabriel: I'm not sure, but I think they should give you some money to buy the essentials.
Theresa: Hm, ok, I will go back to their offices and ask for that. Not to keen on spending all my money on the stuff I already have.
Summary: Ryanair lost Theresa's luggage. Theresa has to wait in the hotel for Ryanair to track the suitcase. She will see if she can get any compensation.
Dialogue: Pete: Julie, help!
Julie: What's going on?
Pete: I think I've lost like half of my notes from Scotti's course
Julie: Ouch... what happened?
Pete: I was running to catch the bus and forgot my backpack was open
Julie: O-U-C-H... Ok, I'll give you mine, don't worry :)
Summary: Pete has lost his notes from Scotti's course when he was running for a bus. Julie is going to give him her notes.
Dialogue: Una: are you guys hiring?
Midge: I'm currently not looking for anyone
Midge: but I can ask around in the other departments
Una: Please I'd be very greateful
Midge: what happened?
Midge: everything ok at work?
Una: no not really
Una: my boss is a fucking psycho
Midge: Well yah I know I met her
Una: so you know what I'm talking about
Midge: yeah I know I'll ask around
Una: thanks let me know
Summary: Una is looking for a job because her boss is crazy. Midge has met Una's boss. Midge isn't hiring at the moment, but she will ask around if other departments are hiring. 
Dialogue: Bo: what for dinner?
Mom: potato soup
Bo: bleh, i wanted pizza
Summary: Bo and Mom have potato soup for dinner.
Dialogue: Janet: Well done Silvia!
Silvia: Thanks!
Tom: Indeed, a great presentation!!
Summary: Tom and Janet are congratulating Silvia on her presentation.
Dialogue: Ian: Hi, r u at home?
Mary: Not yet.
Mary: I'm still at sql.
Summary: Mary is at school.
Dialogue: Merill: Did you see how many people want to come to say goodbye to Greg?
Wendi: Yes! It’s incredible! He was such a good man…
Merill: And people recognized it!
Merill: It will be an incredible event.
Wendi: Yes, a lot of good energy :*
Merill: It really helps, knowing there are people who care
Wendi: We have almost no family…
Merill: Friends may be family too :]
Wendi: Yes and tomorrow all of those people will be my friends…
Merill: Be strong honey, if you need anything I’m always here for you.
Summary: Greg's funeral will be held tomorrow. Many people will be attending.
Dialogue: Simon: did you all wire me the money for the apartment?
Simon: please do as fast as possible :/ i need cash
Jacob: how much was it again?
Jacob: i will do it right now
Simon: 50 euro each, we had to pay a little extra 
Simon: the price went up since last week
Joanne: hi simon!! i will be doing it right now too, sorry for being late!!
Joanne: i have a lot on my mind recently
Simon: don't worry, just please make sure it's done today
Simon: it's really important for me
Joanne: ye of course, sorry again :)
Jacob: ok done, money transfered
Jacob: did you manage to get us the one with balcony and a hot tub?
Simon: of course mate
Jacob: perfect, i knew we could count on you
Joanne: done on my side too, i also paid for Chris's part
Simon: thank you both!!
Summary: Simon needs cash as fast as possible. Jacob and Joanne transfered him 50 euro each for the apartament. Joanne also paid another 50 for Chris's part.
Dialogue: Noah: I'm gonna be late!
Clair: OK. I'll wait. 
Noah: Sorry. Some traffic jam. 3 more minutes. 
Clair: OK. Chill. 
Summary: Noah is late because of some traffic jam.
Dialogue: Kirk: Hi, it's Kirk.
Sandra: I can see that, Kirk.
Sandra: You are in my contacts.
Kirk: You are so smart, Sandra.
Sandra: Am I?
Kirk: Of course, you are.
Kirk: That's what I like most about you!
Sandra: So, that's what it is?
Kirk: Sure thing.
Sandra: How about my looks then?
Sandra: I thought you liked the way I look!
Kirk: Of course, I do! You look smashing!!!
Sandra: Now, that we've established that, what do you want Kirk?
Kirk: Ask you out?
Sandra: Not in this millennium, Kirk. Sorry:(
Summary: Kirk is really into Sandra. He asked her out but she refused.
Dialogue: Wendy: My dear Ann, finally a good connection! Nearly impossible to get here. We're in Havana now, arrived last night. Quite a nice apartment in the old town, a bit on a simple side but luxurious by Cuban standards. ;-)
Wendy: <file_photo>
Wendy: That's on a tiny balcony overlooking a street (called Cuba!) in Havana Vieja. It makes our hearts weep to see all these beautiful houses like a heap of rubble. And people live in them!
Wendy: <file_photo>
Wendy: The apartment consists of a sitting room with a small kitchenette, a bedroom and a bathroom. All very clean and quite new, I guess. Found it thru' Airbnb.
Wendy: <file_photo>
Wendy: That's Lulce, our "housekeeper". As you see, Mark's taken quite a liking for her! She prepares our breakfast, does the cleaning and even offers to sort out our further transport. The only thing: she speaks only Spanish! 
Ann: Hi there! It all looks very, very nice. I love the chairs on the balcony! How long are you staying there?
Ann: If you have a proper Internet access, maybe we could skype?
Wendy: Hi Ann, I was too enthusiastic too soon. We've got wifi connection only for some 3 hours in the evening and occasionally and irregularly in the morning. So I couldn't answer yesterday. Skype wouldn't be possible, as my evening is your middle of the day, uh?
Ann: Ooops! Missed your message on time. Pity as I was like free just after lunch break. So how are you enjoying Havana? Must be extremely interesting.
Wendy: Oh yes it is!! So much to see and Mark insists on our walking everywhere. Absolutely knackered at the end of the day. Shame about no skyping but it is rather impossible from Cuba, as I see it.
Wendy: <file_photo>
Wendy: Wouldn't you like to live in one of these? You can imagine what gems they could be! They seem to be renovating some, but most of them are beyond restoration. Or only with the funds that are unavailable in this country. A city of irreplaceable losses it is!
Ann: Very sad indeed. At least they can save some of them. How long are you staying there?
Wendy: 3 more days. Only. Then off to Varadero and its famous beaches! Could do with some dolce far niente.
Ann: Hope it's not too crowded and no jellyfish!
Summary: Wendy and Mark arrived to Havana yesterday night. They stay in an apartment in the old town, found on Airbnb. Lulce prepares the breakfast, cleans and helps with transport, but speaks just Spanish. Wendy has poor Internet connection. They walk a lot. They stay other 3 days and then go to Varadero.
Dialogue: Zoe: its been 5 time I am listening this song
Caleb: Which one
Zoe: One jacob played at his birthday
Caleb: Cant remember the name :/
Zoe: You want me to send the link?
Caleb: Would be good
Zoe: wait 
Caleb: k
Zoe: <file_link>
Caleb: Oh this one
Zoe: Pretty much cool isnt it?
Caleb: Yeah it is
Zoe: <3
Caleb: I have been listening this one for last hour but couldnt get which song were you talking about
Zoe: Ahn
Caleb: Have you heard Pillow Talk from the same singer?
Zoe: Nope
Caleb: Sent on whatsapp
Zoe: Thanks
Caleb: <3
Summary: Zoe keeps listening to the song that Jacob played at his birthday. Caleb is listening to the same song.
Dialogue: Jenny: girls, do you think I can wear the green dress to the wedding?
Phoebe: why not?
Jenny: I don't want to look more splendid than the bride, ahahah
Jeniffer: so put the black one on, it's also beautiful
Jenny: you're right, thanks!
Summary: Jenny hesitates about wearing a green dress to the wedding. Jeniffer suggests to Jenny to wear a black one.
Dialogue: Lois: I had to crawl under his desk again to fix the phone. He is so creepy.
Jim: No way!
Lois: Shudder!
Jim: Yeah!
Lois: Never again; I taped the wires down! LOL!
Jim: I'd just have Todd do it next time. Swear he does it on purpose.
Lois: I know!
Summary: Lois had to do some job under somebody's desk. She feels very uncomfortable about it.
Dialogue: Anna Telka: I think Im going to DQ
Anna Novackova: For that cream cone again? 😂
Anna Telka: Yea 😂
Jake: Girl on diet... Xd
Summary: Anna Telka will eat a cream cone at DQ again.
Dialogue: Peter: Are you also going to Rome?
Paul: I'm not sure yet
Peter: You should!
Paul: I just have some other commitments at the same time:/
Peter: I see. Ok, let us know
Paul: I will!
Summary: Paul is not sure if he's going to Rome or not.
Dialogue: Nicholas: Sweetie~~❤️
Nicholas: Where are you?❤️❤️
Starr: I’m talking with my friends :（
Nicholas: It’s already late. What if bad wolves should take you? O_O O_O O_O
Starr: NO......DAD.....T_T..Nobody would take me.
Starr: Only you think I am pretty....(-_-;)
Nicholas: Sorry, my daughter...I mistook your mum as the prettiest princess.. (sigh)
Starr: I was made by you. (*°∀°)=3
Starr: Both you and mum sowed the seed XD XD XD An onion will not produce a rose XD :) It is you who is the onion
Starr: This is fun! I will capture this message and show it to mum! -3-
Nicholas:  .....No way......😱😱
Summary: Starr is talking to her friends. Nicholas is worried about her being out so late.
Dialogue: Harry: I'm really sorry Poppy
Harry: I'm not coming tonight :(
Poppy: oh no! Why? :(
Harry: well I broke my arm, I'm in the hospital right now
Poppy: what? How did it happen?
Harry: silly situation, I was walking Bart in the park 
Harry: the path was a bit slippery so at some point I lost my balance
Poppy: I'm so sorry, we will miss you at the party!
Poppy: <file_gif>
Harry: thanks :)
Summary: Harry is at hospital because he broke his arm on a slippery path when he was walking Bart in the park . He won't be able to come to Poppy's party tonight.
Dialogue: Dawson: on second thought, I'm not sure if that was a good idea
Justin: don't start with that again
Justin: we already spent past few days discussing this
Dawson: I know
Dawson: but still, we know nothing about sailing
Justin: we won't be the ones doing the sailing
Justin: no one expects us to take the reins
Justin: we'll just help and get some experience
Justin: not to mention that we can visit some cool places that way
Dawson: you know I don't even know how to swim
Dawson: I'm not sure why I agreed to do this
Justin: I am
Justin: because Lucy is part of the crew and you want to spend some time with her
Dawson: that is a plus
Justin: don't worry, everything will be fine
Justin: it's a great opportunity for us
Justin: and I'm not only talking about your love life :P
Dawson: really funny
Dawson: I swear if something bad happens...
Justin: nothing like that will happen
Justin: stop being so pessimistic
Dawson: that's just who I am
Justin: at least make an effort and pretend that there is a possibility that you'll enjoy it :P
Dawson: I'll try
Justin: and remember... Lucy ;)
Dawson: I'll try harder ;)
Justin: that's the spirit!
Summary: Dawson is unsure about the arranged sailing trip. Justin convinces her it will be fine. 
Dialogue: Megan: Help me out here for a bit please. what am I supposed to bring to school this week? I am confused.
Becky: A shoebox isn't it?
Anna: Moon class a shoebox, they are making buildings this week.
Amy: I thought I had to bring toilet rolls?
Anna: Jupiter class needs to bring 2 toilet rolls per kid, they are making rockets
Megan: ok, thanks. And what was this message about wellies? 
Anna: Moon class are going to the park on Wednesday, so bring warm clothes and wellies in a bag
Becky: Do we pick them up from the park? 
Anna: No but from the other exit, by the studio
Megan: oh, ok thanks. One more question, what is the £1.50 for?
Anna: That's for the charity Mrs Nicholson is supporting by running 5 k every day for 3 months. 
Megan: So I give that to Mrs Nicholdson? 
Anna: No to reception.
Megan: I'm going mad.
Becky: I need gin.
Amy: I am glad I only have one kid. 
Megan: Everyone needs an Anna in their life! 😘
Summary: Anna explains Megan, Becky and Amy what they should bring to school this week. They will pick their kids up by the studio exit and are supposed to give  £1.50 to the reception for the charity.
Dialogue: Chris: There are some habits that I wish I didn't have :(
Nate: Everyone has habits like this :D
Nate: Do you have something in mind?
Chris: I just cleaned my keyboard. 
Chris: I mean I took out all the buttons, turned it upside down, and flicked out all the food remains.
Chris: That's what came out
Chris: <file_photo>
Nate: Hahahahaha. No seriously everyone has that in their keyboard.
Chris: The worst thing is I caught myself eating over it again before I even put all the buttons inside xD
Nate: Heh. Try not to. Maybe you'll reduce the shit inside the keyboard. 
Chris: Maybe :D
Summary: Chris regrets eating over his keyboard.
Dialogue: Paula: Hello?
Jane: Yes? What?
Paula: Just making sure you are getting my messages.
Jane: I am. Did I miss something?
Paula: Just didn't hear from you about going out the other night.
Jane: Oh, I was busy. Sorry.
Summary: Jane was busy and did not reply to Paula's previous messages.
Dialogue: Kate: Are u asleep?
Maggie: Nope, I can't stop thinking about what happened at school...
Kate: Don't worry about it. Everything's gonna be alright...
Maggie: I'm not so sure about it
Kate: Chin up!
Kate: We'll talk about it tomorrow, ok?
Maggie: ok...
Summary: Maggie can't sleep and she keeps thinking about what happened at school. Kate will talk with her about it tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Ron: The grades from Micro are online, I passed :D
Harry: Me too, 3.5 haha
Ron: 4 here ;)
Harry: Your group was easier ;)
Heather: I got 4.5, but both groups were quite easy :p
Summary: Ron, Harry and Heather passed Micro.
Dialogue: Connor: Hey, we just took down our Xmas tree.
Connor: Do they pick them up on Thursday?
Charlie: Hey, yeah they do.
Charlie: But why not replant it?
Connor: Replant it? Is that even possible?
Charlie: Yeah, we've been doing it for 3 yrs now.
Charlie: We replanted the first two in our backyard.
Charlie: And this year we called a tree planting company to pick it up.
Connor: Wow, that's a great initiative!
Charlie: Yeah, they replant them back in the forest.
Charlie: Here's the link to their website.
Charlie: <file_other>
Connor: Thanks, I'll contact them tomorrow.
Connor: Karen is going to be amazed.
Connor: She's all into pro-environment stuff, you know compost and so on.
Charlie: Yeah, so is Michelle.
Charlie: She's the one that found this green alternative.
Connor: Thanks!
Summary: Connor will contact the replanting company to pick up his Christmas tree and replant it in the forest. Charlie has sent him the link. 
Dialogue: Zuri: Are you a cat person or dog? 
Fisher: cat
Zuri: I thought the opposite :/
Summary: Fisher is a cat person. Zoe though the opposite.
Dialogue: Anna: hey son
Anna: so how was it?
Anna: do you know how to ski now? :)
James: hey mom
James: a little bit :P
James: it was really great, the weather was awesome, and Rachel's dad was my tutor hehe
Anna: and you're coming back tomorrow?
James: yeah, around 5
James: I'll call you then
Anna: all righty :)
Summary: James is happy about his ski trip and comes back tomorrow around 5 o'clock.
Dialogue: Donna: Can you help me with this?
Donna: <file_other>
Donna: I don't know what they mean by "previous projects"
Martha: hey I can help you after 2pm ok??
Martha: I'm in a meeting
Donna: OK, sure, whenever you can
Summary: Martha is going to help Donna with this after 2pm as she is in a meeting.
Dialogue: Vic: So what are ur reasons?
Nancy: I'm thinking of expanding my business and am thinking of creating a profile on one of the social websites ;)
Phil: That's actually a gr8 idea!
Vic: I think so too!
Nancy: Most other companies have such profiles, so I thought it'd be time for me to do the same.
Phil: Wise choice.
Summary: Phil and Vic support Nancy's idea to create a business profile in social media.
Dialogue: Mario: Good evening Anna, can someone still order party pass with my promo code?
Anna: Hey Mario, no, your codes were active until the end of April
Mario: Can you please just open it for this one pass???
Anna: Which type?
Mario: party pass
Anna: 1 sec
Mario: Thank you!
Anna: done!. btw you can go crazy and sell the B type now. 3h left :)
Mario: haha ok. btw I am definitely not coming! :( I am going to miss you A LOT!!!
Anna: We are going to miss you too. we will make a paper figure of Mario!
Mario: The person is still trying the code, it's not working...
Mario: code not valid :(
Anna: Let me check it again. The code is valid for sure but maybe there's some IP issue again
Mario: I think it's french IP so there should be no problem
Anna: Please try again now and reload the page after you enter the code
Mario: It worked now! Perfect :) Thank you very much Anna! Have fun, see you next year
Anna: Take care :*
Summary: Mario wants Anna to give him one promo code for party pass. Anna gives him the code. It doesn't work at first, but works after refreshing the page.
Dialogue: Piotr: <file_photo>
Madison: Oh hey that was our apartment!
Carson: Oh hey they renovated! 
Piotr: yep
Summary: Piotr sends over a photo of the apartment once was Madison's. Carson notices it got renovated. 
Dialogue: Marianna: So today we will not meet?
Jaron: Now only if it's midnight session
Marianna: Mhm
Jaron: Would you like?
Marianna: Midnight? So late
Jaron: Then I drop you by taxi
Marianna: Ok
Summary: Marianna and Jaron will meet tonight for a midnight session. Jaron will drop her off by taxi. 
Dialogue: Rose: Dear Mash, just wanted to say thank you for this lovely stay at yours. I enjoyed every minute of it.
Mash: Hi Rose! Yes, I absolutely loved your presence here. You are always welcome.
Rose: Thank you. Why don't you visit me one day?
Mash: I might actually. Even pretty soon.
Rose: Well?
Mash: Woodies and me will be driving down to France for our skiing fortnight. Could you put us up for a night or two?
Rose: All four of you?!
Mash: In fact 3. Will's not going.
Rose: Oh they've just announced my flight. I'd better go. We'll talk about it later. OK?
Mash: Have a pleasant flight Rose!
Summary: Rose thanks Mash for hosting her at his place. Mash is going to go skiing with Woodies to France and asks Rose for an overnight stay for 3 people for a night or two.
Dialogue: Claire: I'm in the bus going home
Patrick: A bus? Are you insane??
Claire: The flights were so expensive
Patrick: They always are on Fridays
Patrick: What time will you be in Brussels?
Claire: Around midnight
Patrick: So many hours....
Patrick: I feel sorry for you
Claire: What to do?
Claire: At least I can work.
Patrick: Work?
Claire: Yeah. I need to write some dialogs.
Patrick: Humm... for a movie?
Claire: haha I wish...
Claire: And how about you? What's up?
Patrick: I'm leaving the office soon
Patrick: Heading back home.
Claire: Any plans for the weekend?
Patrick: Nothing. Just chill. 
Summary: Claire is going home by bus. She will be in Brussels around midnight. Patrick is going home soon.
Dialogue: Mehdi: Do you have Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts signed and sealed? 
Annie: You asking me? 
Annie: haha Idk 
Mehdi: It's important
Mehdi: Like I need it rn 
Annie: Well I saw it yesterday 
Annie: On you desk 
Mehdi: Someone took it away from me
Annie: Oh jesus idk 
Annie: Didn't you secure it somewhere 
Annie: before you left? 
Mehdi: I think I did 
Mehdi: Oh I remeber
Mehdi: I gave it to Marc to store it in his closet
Mehdi: I was hurried
Annie: Well make sure you don't lose it
Annie: How many documents? 
Mehdi: Like 5
Mehdi: Okay thanks tho
Summary: Mehdi gave Mr Jacobsen's diploma and transcripts to Marc to store. Annie wants Mehdi to make sure they are secure.
Dialogue: Martha: HP marathon today?
Martha: the entire house for us B-)
Agatha: woaaah sure :D
Agatha: for us? where is everybody?
Martha: mom and dad went to a party, they won't be back until 6am in the morning i guess ahahahaha
Agatha: ahahahah get it, good for them, good for us :D
Susan: hey!!! wanted to suggest it a long time ago
Susan: i can get some booze
Martha: cool, but we can do the shopping together
Martha: i guess we can order a pizza later or whatever
Agatha: sounds cool
Susan: yeah, i agree 
Summary: Martha's parents went to a party and will be out all night so Martha's alone today. Martha, Agatha and Susan will meet for an HP marathon at Martha's house. The girls will buy alcohol and order a pizza. 
Dialogue: Pitt: Hey Teddy! Have you received my message?
Teddy: No. An email?
Pitt: No. On the FB messenger.
Teddy: Let me check.
Teddy: Yeah. Ta!
Summary: Teddy has a message from Pitt on Messenger.
Dialogue: Lydia: <file_photo>
Lydia: We too have some pretty nice cats, but they're a bit wild.
Cathy: ours isn't wild.
Lydia: Just a little bit :*
Cathy: yeah, but he's also very cuddly. Like a teddy bear <3
Lydia: Especially when he lies on your bag.
Lydia: <file_gif>
Lydia: Mint tea & Turkich coffee
Cathy: mint tea - mmm :)
Cathy: say what you want - yesterday he greeted me very nicely and slept on my lap. only when he was too hot did he move to my bag.
Lydia: :)
Lydia: We're slowly finishing off the packing
Cathy: What time are you arriving tomorrow? xx
Lydia: Round 7pm
Cathy: you're landing at 7pm or you'll be at home at 7pm?
Lydia: What's the weather like?
Lydia: @ home
Cathy: nothing special
Cathy: oh okay :)
Lydia: What do you mean nothing special?
Cathy: there's a bit of sun, some clouds... nothing special
Lydia: Did it rain?
Cathy: no
Lydia: Then you need to water the palnts
Cathy: Already did ;)
Lydia: Great! 
Lydia: The weather here was kind of horrible - there was a storm earlier by the sea and it's still a little windy.
Cathy: Yikes!
Lydia: Time to come back home :*
Cathy: :D Have a safe flight mum xx
Summary: Lydia and Cathy have cats. Lydia will finish packing soon. They are arriving tomorrow at home at 7 pm. The weather is cloudy with a bit of sun, no rain though. Cathy watered the plants.
Dialogue: Jill: Are you coming? 
Jill: everyone is almost here, including Tom! If you're late you'll ruin the surprise
Misty: my ETA is 2 min
Kim: I'll be there in 5
Jill: you better be!
Summary: Misty will arive in 2 minutes and Kim in 5 minutes.
Dialogue: Victoria: Dad, how far are when it comes to mum's birthday party?
Jack: I invited everyone from the list, including uncle Marvin
Victoria: That's marvellous! Is everybody coming then?
Jack: Therese and Tom are on holidays in Spain, so they won't be able to come
Victoria: They're on holidays again?! I envy them so much!
Jack: And Mrs Higgins has just recently had her hip replaced, so she cannot move a lot
Victoria: But that's fine if the others are coming
Jack: Yeah, so apart form these 3 everybody should appear at the party
Victoria: Great dad! I have already ordered a birthday cake 
Jack: From "Cookie Queen"?
Victoria: Yeah, from "Cookie Queen" with double chocolate layer
Jack: Ahh… She loves that one, thank you :)
Victoria: No problem. Have you thought about other food?
Jack: Hmmm…I'm planning to prepare her favourite savoury muffins, lasagne, salad with smoked salmon
Victoria: I'm already hungry when I read this :D I could make some puff pastry treats as well
Jack: That sounds good! Make the ones with spinach, they are really tasty :D
Victoria: Okie dokie! What 'bout the present, have you bought anything?
Jack: Yes, those golden earrings she liked so much when we were shopping a few weeks ago :D
Victoria: Fantastic dad! It's gonna be a very cool party then! I bet she'll be thrilled!
Jack: I hope so! We did good job planning it as well!
Victoria: We've always been a dream team ;)
Jack: Totally yes!
Victoria: So speak to you soon dad :*
Jack: Indeedy! Hugs!
Summary: Victoria and Jack are throwing a birthday party for mum. They invited the guest and are planning the food.
Dialogue: Zenek: are you coming to the conference in Brno in June?
Jenny: I would like to, but I've no idea what I could present there
Marcus: really? all your amazing research about the medical discourse
Oscar: and especially the history of psychiatry in Italy
Zenek: you still have some time to think about it
Jenny: Do you really think so guys?
Jenny: I really don't feel ready to show things to people
Zenek: Jen, you'll never be ready, this is how it works
Oscar: that's true. There's always something one can do better, improve, research more
Marcus: honestly Jenny, you've spent a year on it
Marcus: how long are you going to polish a chapter of your dissertation
Marcus: after all it's just ONE CHAPTER
Jenny: I know, I'm such a miserable perfectionist
Marcus: just stop it, tell yourself: ENOUGH!
Jenny: but I'm afraid that somebody will point out all the shortcomings.
Marcus: some shortcomings will always be there, but mostly you'll be the only one knowing them
Marcus: after a year of intensive work on it, you're probably the best expert in it in the world
Jenny: you're right, I'll think about the submission and let you know guys
Zenek: great!
Zenek: good job Marcus!
Summary: Jenny did research on the medical discourse and the history of psychiatry in Italy. She's not ready to present her work to people. She spent a year on one chapter of her dissertation. Zenek, Marcus and Oscar encourage her to participate in the conference in Brno in June.
Dialogue: Anne: what about Maybelline?
Cindy: well... it's too pricey
Daisy: there are more expensive brands, trust me
Anne: I'll stay with Maybelline then
Cindy: whatever floats your boat
Daisy: I can give you website where it will be cheaper
Anne: yes please
Daisy: <file_other>
Summary: Cindy finds Maybelline too expensive. Daisy gives Anne the link to a website with cheaper cosmetics.
Dialogue: Gina: Hey! Give me your up-to-date emails, I dont want our pics to fall into unauthorised hands ;)
Greg: <file_other>
Meg: <file_other>
Summary: Greg and Meg give Gina their up-to-date e-mail addresses at her request.
Dialogue: David: Hi Hugh, I'm experiencing problems accessing the account. Could you help me? I have to start working on the task ASAP. I won't have time next week.
Hugh: Hi David, sorry to hear that. I will check it right now.
David: Thanks.
Hugh: Ugh, my apologies David, it looks like we misspelled your e-mail address and you couldn't confirm your registration properly. I've already fixed it - you should be able to start working in an hour.
David: Thanks Hugh! I'll get right on it.
Hugh: Good luck :-)
Summary: David has problems accessing the account. He needs to start working on the task soon, as he won't have time next week. The problems were due to the fact, that David's e-mail address had been misspelled. Hugh has fixed the issue. David should be able to start working in an hour.
Dialogue: Ella: im out 2nite
Bentley: whats wrong?
Kinsley: i knew
Bentley: what? you were out yesterday?
Ella: yeah. but not that. im feeling sick all morning
Kinsley: ah hope you get better soon. ill come round l8r
Summary: Ella won't be there tonight as she is sick.
Dialogue: Matt: Hi is this the car agency 
Mary: Hello my name is Mary,Yes this is the car agency ,
Matt: My name is Martin Davis
Mary: Yeah
Matt: I need a car for hire for the weekend.
Mary: It’s available for only $100 which you will have to make a deposit though our account, before its brought to you location.
Matt: Ok, When can I get it ?
Mary: Kindly tell me the name of you street
Matt: Its 790, 7th Ave, New York,
Mary: It should arrive in the next 30 minutes
Matt: Ok, thank you.
Mary: You are welcome
Matt: Hey it’s been 30 minutes, and still no sign of it.
Mary:  Let me check where it could have got stuck. Sorry about that.
Matt: Do you know lying to you client is not good? you know lying to me is a flat out bad? You know that don’t you?
Mary: I am so sorry about that, it should arrive soon
Matt: It better arrive, or I will ask for refund.
Mary: No need for that it should arrive about now sir, just bear with us sir.
Summary: Matt hired a car for the weekend, but it didn't arrive at his location on time.
Dialogue: Liam: Hey Ava! Fancy watching Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald tonight with me?
Ava: Oh sure! I'd love that! 
Liam: My mum got tickets at work! She's really far from watching fantasy movies so I thought we could use it :)
Ava: That's perfect! What time is the movie?
Liam: 6 p.m.
Ava: Should we meet at the movies?
Liam: I can come and pick you up!
Ava: You're just too good to be true :D 
Liam: See you in few hours!
Ava: See you then :*
Summary: Liam's mom got tickets to Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald screening tonight at 6 PM. Liam will pick Ava up and they'll see the movie together.
Dialogue: Sonny: Who's running today? I have planned a 5k route along the river for who's interested? Start at 7.30 at the library.
Femm: oh no, what a shame, I haven't got childcare, I'd love to join next time though!
Bianca: I'll come along, can I bring a friend?
Sonny: the more the better! 
Sienna: I'm in!
Victor: I can't tonight, sorry
Tracy: not for me today
James: I'll be there
Katie: I can do tonight!
Jacqueline: ME!!
Sonny: Great, see you tonight peops. Don't forget to all wear your yellow vests!
Summary: Sonny planned a 5 kilometer route for running with a starting point at the library, at 7:30. Bianca, Sienna, James, Katie and Jacqueline are in. Bianca will bring a friend. Femm can't leave her child. Victor and Tracy can't make it tonight. Yellow vests are necessary for running after dark.
Dialogue: Amelia: <file_other>
Amelia: black friday %%%
Olivia: <file_gif>
Jessica: all products?
Amelia: no :(
Jessica: and serie elixir of nature?
Amelia: unfortch no :(
Olivia: but honey bronze is 50% off
Summary: Amelia informs there are Black Friday discounts on some products.
Dialogue: Lucy: Dad, I need a new mattress.
Mark: Oh, darling, not again...
Lucy: But dad.. this time I REALLY do!!! 
Mark: What's the matter with your old one?
Lucy: It's not comfortable.
Mark: It seems fine to me.
Lucy: Yeah, because you don’t sleep on it.
Mark: Hey, don’t talk back like that, young lady!
Lucy: I’m sorry, dad, I just don’t feel well-rested t in the morning. 
Mark: Can’t sleep at night?
Lucy: No, I toss and turn all night.
Mark: You should stop drinking coffee;-))
Lucy: Look at these marks on my arms <file_photo>.
Mark: What are they?
Lucy: They are bites.
Mark: Did the cat bite you?
Lucy: Noooo! I think bedbugs in that mattress bit me.
Mark: Okay. Let's get a new mattress. Without bedbugs ;-) Be ready in 10 minutes.
Lucy: Love you dad! :-)
Summary: Mark will pick Lucy up in 10 minutes and they will buy a new mattress. 
Dialogue: Nick: Hey. There are some croissants in the canteen. Sam's birthday. Do you want one?
Bart: Sure! Take two :-)
Nick: :-)
Bart: Thanks for asking.
Summary: Nick will take 2 croissants from the canteen for Bart.
Dialogue: Betty: Anyone game for the parade? :D
Betty: Whoop whoop, come on guys!
Victor: Is Freddie coming? Freddie?
Freddie: When is it? Sorry guys, I'm out of the loop recently
Nate: I'm coming! Can't wait
Victor: This year it's on Saturday, 7th of July - nice date <3
Freddie: What time?
Victor: I think it starts at 2, but this year it's supposed to take around 2 hours - then there's the after party ;)
Betty: Ginny and I were thinking about being there from the start, how about you guys?
Victor: I think I'll join a bit later, around 3 I think
Freddie: Are you going with anyone?
Victor: Hm, no, I don't think so, you?
Freddie: No, probably not
Nate: What about that blond bloke?
Victor: What blond bloke?
Freddie: Just a guy I met at Heaven, nothing serious, I'm not seeing him or anything
Nate: pity, he was cute!
Summary: There will be a parade on Saturday, July 7th. It will start at 2 o'clock, last for about 2 hours and end with a party. Ginny, Betty and Nate want to participate. Victor will join them later.
Dialogue: Seth: Hey! I'm having some problems with my PC, can you guys help me out?
Rory: Sure. What's going on?
Albert: yeah what's up?
Seth: It doesn't work. XD
Albert: xd
Rory: Well, does it turn on? Does it make a BEEP sound like normal?
Seth: Yeah it turns on, I can hear the fans, but it doesn't beep as usual :(.
Albert: does it make many beeps?
Seth: No, it doesn't beep at all :/.
Rory: Hmm... If it doesn't beep at all with the information about what's wrong with it take a look inside at the motherboard.
Rory: There should be some lights.
Seth: Ok...
Seth: Some lights blink in some order and then it stops at DRAM.
Albert: not good...
Rory: So it's having some problems with the memory. Try reseating the memory sticks (turn it off first!).
Albert: yeah, maybe they moved a little in the slot
Albert: also try different combinations of slots
Seth: Ok! I'll try some things and let you know!
Summary: Seth's PC doesn't work so he needs help. Rory suggests resetting the memory sticks. Albert suggests trying different combinations of slots.
Dialogue: Mary: That’s great news! I’m so happy that you’re coming home! Would you like to say over at your parents’ house?
Josh: Don’t no yet. Probably I’ll stay at the hotel close to the city center. My parents live an hour from the city…
Mary: Sure, we should meet when you come. 
Josh: Of course! 
Mary: Call me when you’re in London. I don’t have any plans for the weekend
Josh: Do you want to meet at Gary’s?
Mary: Yes, that’s our favorite pub 😊
Mary: Maybe John and Lucy can join us
Josh: Perfect 😊
Mary: I’ll call them today
Josh: <gif>
Mary: <gif>
Josh: 😊
Summary: Josh is coming back to London. He'll meet with Mary at Gary's, their favorite pub. Maybe John and Lucy will join them.
Dialogue: Sandra: Do u need any help with the party tomorrow?
Ronda: No, I'm fine. Thanks!
Sandra: No problem. 
Summary: Ronda does not need any help with the party tomorrow.
Dialogue: Meryl: Hi John! how are you doing?
John: thanks
John: quite well, you?
Meryl: me too, any plans for Saturday night?
John: no, not really
Meryl: a friend of mine offered me some free ticket to Carnegie Hall
John: no way! really?
Meryl: yes, would you like to join?
John: sure, I've never been there, it's quite expensive normally
Meryl: it is!
John: what are they playing and what time?
Meryl: 6PM, Stravinsky
John: I really like Russian music
John: I'm really happy
Meryl: I have another 4 tickets, so if you want to take anybody, let me know
John: great I will
Meryl: I'll write you the details on Friday
John: should I wear a suit?
Meryl: I don't think so
Meryl: maybe just something a bit decent only
John: haha, ok
Summary: Meryl got some free tickets to Carnegie Hall for Stravinsky at 6 pm. John is happy to join and he might take someone too. They should dress decent.
Dialogue: Baltasar: how's the party going?
Baltasar: <file_gif>
Ulla: hey, it's ok
Ulla: I'm feeling cold though
Baltasar: It's very warm here today
Ulla: you are really lucky
Ulla: It hailed here last night
Ulla: the streets were covered in ice, it looked like snow
Ulla: what are you up to today?
Baltasar: I will go down to the beach, it's a great day for it :)
Ulla: wow
Ulla: that sounds amazing 🌞
Ulla: I pray for warmer weather 🙏
Baltasar: I know the feeling, I'm so glad spring is around the corner
Ulla: for sure 
Ulla: Gtg.. I'll spk to you a bit later ;)
Summary: Ulla is at a party and she's feeling cold. It hailed last night. Baltasar will go to the beach as it's warm here.
Dialogue: Kelly: Call me ASAP
Kelly: PLS
Peggie: I’m calling
Kelly: XOXO
Peggie: XOXO 
Summary: Kelly wants Peggie to call her as soon as possible. 
