Dialogue: Brenda: Happy Birthday to my favorite brother!!!!! :) :) :) when do we get to celebrate?!?! did you get my gift?
Nick: Thanks! can't do anything this week because I gotta go to Florida but mom wanted to go out to eat on Sunday, would be 6:30 or so?
Brenda: Cool! Yeah we've got no plans so we will be around the house. What about the gift?!
Nick: that Bluetooth speaker is awesome, thanks! gonna try it under water next time we get on the boat, gotta remember to attach it to something!
Summary: Brenda sends birthday wishes to her brother Nick. Brenda gave Nick a gift (Bluetooth speaker). Nick is going to Florida this week. Brenda and Nick are going out to eat on Sunday around 6:30.
Dialogue: Betty: hey lana
Lana: hey babe
Betty: did you see that new guy in our class
Lana: yea he's so cute <3
Betty: I KNOW RIGHT
Lana: what's with him 
Betty: what do you mean
Lana: he sat alone in the corner :/
Betty: yea i think he's shy
Lana: maybe
Betty: im gonna talk to him tomorrow xD
Summary: Betty suggests that the new boy who came to their class is shy and she's going to have a talk with him tomorrow.
Dialogue: Theresa: Anybody would like to go shopping tomorrow?
Molly: what time?
Molly: I have a pussy riot at 10
Kim: hahah, what's that
Molly: the pussy analysis that I told you about
Molly: to get a certificate it's perfect
Fee: hahaha, I love the idea
Molly: what's better than joking about it?
Kim: right!
Molly: bout after 11 I should be free
Kim: me too
Theresa: so let's meet at my place around 12?
Molly: yes!
Summary: Theresa, Molly and Kim will go shopping together tomorrow. They will meet at Theresa's place around 12. 
Dialogue: Maggie: Sorry, I don’t want to be nosy, but I’ve seen that recently you’re not quite yourself
Gregory: Really?
Maggie: What’s eating at you?
Gregory: Oh, nothing, really nothing
Maggie: You can tell me, Greg
Gregory: I’m just thinking about the future. 
Maggie: and?
Gregory: And I don’t know which path to choose
Maggie: You’ve got many options from what I know
Gregory: None of them really appeals to me
Gregory: I don’t know if I should go to college or just stay at home and find some good job
Maggie: Can I ask what kind of job are you looking for?
Gregory: Now, without a college, I can only be a waiter or something
Maggie: Would it be a job of your dreams? If so, don’t go to college
Gregory: I like working with people, that’s all
Gregory: But I’d rather help people in some way
Maggie: Hmm… you can always find a foundation to be a volunteer in
Gregory: Yes, of course, but I want to have a real profession
Maggie: You can be a physio or a paramedic 😊 I remember you were good at sciences
Gregory: Thank you Meg, maybe that’d be a good idea
Maggie: Think about it, please. Know one thing, though. I’ll always stay by your side
Gregory: Okay, thanks a lot!
Maggie: Nothing 😊  
Summary: Greg is anxious about his future. He doesn't know whether he should go to college or find a job. Maggie suggests that he should consider working as a paramedic or physiotherapist. 
Dialogue: Erica: girls, I'm worried again
Jenny: about Paul?
Ann: I'm sure it's about Paul again
Erica: yes, it is:(
Jenny: what's happened or what hasn't happened?
Erica: he's against so distant and cold, it's very tiring for me, emotionally exhausting
Jenny: Anything happened?
Erica: Christmas, he went to his parents. I know it's very difficult for him. He is always very crestfallen there
Erica: but he doesn't want to share, we haven't talked on the phone for days
Erica: And of course he has never told me he loves me
Jenny: but do you really need these words?
Erica: When they are not there, they turn out to be important 
Erica: and my previous boyfriend was the same. I'd like to hear it from somebody, finally
Ann: you've been together less than a year, maybe he needs some more time?
Erica: maybe, but on Friday I'm going to go there finally and stay at his place
Erica: And I'm not sure of anything again
Jenny: I imagine, it's hard to say
Jenny: I would just suggest to observe - him and yourself, your own needs and feeling
Jenny: it is easy to forget about oneself in this situation, when we are so concerned with another person
Jenny: but try, it's worth it
Erica: I know
Summary: Erica is worried about Paul. He's distant and cold and they haven't talked on the phone for days. He has never told her that he loves her, but they've only been together for less than a year.
Dialogue: Sebastian: fifa at my place, Friday?
Sebastian: but we would need 4 controllers
Sebastian: got a friend with two more pads?
Louise: so Philip will be there? he will have fifa?
Sebastian: oh so you don't have the game? damn
Wilfried: guys I can borrow it from a colleague of mine
Summary: Sebastian, Louise and Wilfried will play fifa at Sebastian's place on Friday. 
Dialogue: Solomon: did you complete it?
Sammy: yess
Solomon: a little late isn't it?
Sammy: i know but she said it's okay
Solomon: cool
Summary: Sammy completed it late, which is OK.
Dialogue: Ginger: hi
Ginger: can you help me?
Willow: ofc
Ginger: i need falsies for onight
Willow: but you know that it is something like toothbrush
Willow: you cannot take mines
Ginger: oh i understand
Summary: Ginger wants to borrow Willow's falsies but Willow says no.
Dialogue: Neville: hi
Jordan: hey
Neville: how are you?
Jordan: ok
Neville: can i borrow your excercise set?
Jordan: YOU are going to excercise?!
Neville: i know, i know..
Jordan: what happened?!
Neville: Drew told me she like sporty guys
Jordan: and you are going to be one of them? xd
Neville: ofc, why not?
Jordan: it will take years!
Neville: wait, its not so bad with me!
Neville: maybe months.. xd
Summary: Neville wants to use Jordan's exercise set, because Drew likes athletic men.
Dialogue: Nina: Already on the beach?
Kim: of course!
Bill: haha, yes, she forced me to wake up at 8
Nina: hahaha
Summary: Kim and Bill woke up at 8 to go to the beach.
Dialogue: Naomi: When u off on holiday?
Naomi: <file_gif>
Alice: Hey just arrived to London and not a good start..
Alice: I left one of the tablets on the frigging plane!!!!!!!!!
Naomi: Oh crap...
Alice: Soooooo annoyed with myself
Naomi: But did you call the airline??
Alice: Yes, Alex is sorting it out
Naomi: 👍
Alice: I hope they find it
Alice: But we need it for our holiday 
Alice: 😕
Naomi: Yes I hope so 😕
Naomi: I suppose they would have found it whilst cleaning up the plane
Naomi: We are not robots.. we can't be on top of everything all the time.. :(
Naomi: But of course it's not just any gadget 😕
Alice: Luckily it was given to Alex as a present, so it’s a cheap one.. but still..
Alice: It’s the fact that I left it on the bloody plane
Alice: First time ever 🙄
Naomi: <file_gif>
Alice: 😩
Alice: And it’s for the kids on holiday, so they have one each, and for the plane 😩😩😩😩
Naomi: Yes I get u, it's a huge disappointment
Naomi: Fingers crossed that they find it 👍
Naomi: ❤️
Alice: Thanks
Alice: How are u?
Naomi: Just about to do some yoga, then lunch 🧘
Alice: Have a good session my love, chat to you later 💛
Summary: Alice left a tablet on the plane after she landed in London. Naomi is going to do some yoga and eat lunch.
Dialogue: Mark: hey, I've just read your ad on lost and found, I'm the owner of this ID
Cornelia: hey
Mark: Thank you so much...could we possibly meet tomorrow or something, so I can take it from you?
Cornelia: sure, I'm free at 4pm, maybe at the mall?
Mark: sure, I'll be there, thank you again
Cornelia: no problem, see you :)
Summary: Cornelia found Mark's ID. They are going to meet at the mall.
Dialogue: Theo: hey, have you heard the latest office gossip?
Phoebe: nope, is it juicy?
Theo: oh yes, it's really juicy!
Phoebe: so what is it, come on!
Theo: <file_gif>
Theo: Juliette is pregnant!
Phoebe: what? Are you serious?!
Theo: I overheard her talking to Francis in the kitchen
Theo: but you haven't heard the best part yet
Phoebe: just bring it on!
Theo: she's pregnant with Tommy from marketing department!
Phoebe: what? This Tommy?
Summary: Office rumor has it that Juliette is pregnant with Tommy.
Dialogue: Jack: Hi Jez, alright man?
Jez: Yeah, cool! How's Uni mate?
Jack: Bloody hard work! How's life as a postie these days, met any friendly dogs😄
Jez: Bugger off! 7 postal workers are attacked by dogs every day in the UK, you know!
Jack: I didn't ask for dodgy statistics! You working tomorrow? 
Jez: Nah, lie in, mate! Bliss😌
Jack: Well, I'm home for the weekend, fancy a sesh?
Jez: You bet! Haven't seen you for ages? Your sister seeing anyone?
Jack: Cheeky bastard! Yes, she's with Ramon, a Spanish guy over here teaching, nice hombre!
Jez: Oh, right. Lovely girl, Saskia.
Jack: Well, paws off! See you in Spoons at 8ish?
Jez: Yep! Watch out ladies, here we come!! 😎
Summary: Jack has a lot of work at Uni and Jack works as a postman, but they found time to meet in Spoons around 8 tomorrow. Jack's sister is dating Ramon, a Spanish guy, so Jez will look for other ladies.
Dialogue: Jane: Rick, I have a medical appointment on the 7th, could you watch Jess for me?
Rick: At what time and for how long?
Jane: I need to leave home around 1PM, it's close so it shouldn't take more than 2-2,5 hours.
Rick: Ok, that should work, just remember that I would need to leave at 4PM at latest as I have an event to attend in the evening.
Jane: Great, thanks!
Summary: Jane sees a doctor on the 7th at 1 pm. Rick agrees to take care for Jess untill 4 pm.
Dialogue: Emma: What food did he order at the restaurant?
William: Nothing, He just came to meet someone
Emma: Whom?
William: Owner of the restaurant is his childhood friend  I guess
Emma: Wow
William: Yea that oldie is Jakies Friend
Emma: would ask him about Hugh tomorrow :D
Summary: Hugh came to the restaurant to meet the owner - his childhood friend. Emma wants to ask him about Hugh tomorrow.
Dialogue: Max: I hope you remember about tonight?
Maria: of course :)
Maria: don't worry, I'll be there
Max: great!
Max: I really appreciate it
Maria: my pleasure
Maria: just make sure everything is ready
Max: it will be :)
Max: see ya!
Maria: bye
Summary: Max reminds Maria to be there tonight.
Dialogue: Grace: What about having a band?
Jack: like starting a real band, making music etc?
Grace: yes, we play together anyway all the time
Luke: I like it!
Summary: Grace wants to create a band with Jack and Luke. Luke thinks it is a good idea.
Dialogue: Yonas: You like Scheck Wes? 
Marie: You mean Sheck Wes? 
Yonas: Yes haha
Marie: I adore him
Marie: His single Mo Bamba is like a
Marie: masterpiece! 
Yonas: I know!
Summary: Yonas and Marie like Sheck Wes and his song Mo Bamba.
Dialogue: Nora: i just learned i'm lactose intorelant
Oliver: ohhhh nooooo
Oliver: did the doctor tell you that?
Nora: nope, i went online and self-diagnosed
Oliver: you're such an idiot
Oliver: go see a doctor
Summary: Nora found out on the Internet that she's lactose intorelant. Oliver told her to see a doctor.
Dialogue: Henry: Hello, Fred. How are you?
Fred: I'm fine. You?
Henry: Don't complain, thanks.
Fred: So, what's happening?
Henry: Just installed a wood burner and looking for a reliable source for seasoned wood.
Henry: Tim said, you could help?
Fred: Yeah, I've got a good supplier. Will text you their phone?
Henry: You do that. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Summary: Henry has just installed a wood burner and is looking for a reliable source for seasoned wood and Fred has a good supplier. He'll text Henry his their phone. 
Dialogue: Robin: So follow the manual, then it would have no problem.
Robin: Are you downloading it now?
Issac: Yes, I am trying to but it's hard.
Issac: Nope, I can't
Robin:  Alright. Now that it's so late today, I will call you tomorrow, how about that?
Summary: Robin will call Issac tomorrow.
Dialogue: Louise: I am going to propose to Thelma at his birthday but I have no idea what kind of ring would she like
Louise: could you help me with that?
Vicky: wow dude that's amazing! congrats!
Henrietta: wow! I would love to help you out!
Vicky: I don't know much about rings but I think Thelma will say yes no matter what ring you'll buy
Paloma: me too! did sth catch your eye?
Louise: I saw this ring in Pandora but it might be too tacky
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: :O
Vicky: it's not tacky, it's so Thelma
Louise: wait, I also like this one:
Louise: <file_photo>
Paloma: I think the first one is better
Vicky: yeah, the second one is too classic, too safe
Louise: OK thank you guys
Louise: just don't tell Thelma anything
Vicky: sure!
Summary: Louise will propose to Thelma at his birthday and has no idea what ring she would like. Vicky, Henrietta and Paloma are there to help and assess the ring Louise found in Pandora.
Dialogue: John: after all that has happened, we deserve our solo time together
Pesh: i agree, we have our own story 
John: lets make it a date weekend next weekend?
Pesh: yeah, we really should
John: i make reservations at the Ranch?
Pesh: which Ranch?
John: Chaka ranch or Blades Vibe
Pesh: Chaka Ranch
John: Chaka ranch it is
Summary: John and Pesh are going to Chaka Ranch for a date next weekend.
Dialogue: Agnes: Hey :) did you come back safely?
Jake: Yes, I did.
Agnes: Our date was special and I thank you for that :*
Jake: I'll remember it too :)
Agnes: I miss you already...
Jake: me too, we'll meet tomorrow, okay?
Agnes: I don't think I can wait till tomorrow...
Jake: you can do it! good night sweetie.
Summary: Jake made it home safely after the date with Agnes. They will meet again tomorrow.
Dialogue: Gemma: Forgot my keys :(
Suze: Come by my office
Gemma: okay thanks!
Suze: no problem
Summary: Gemma will come by Suze's office as she forgot her keys.
Dialogue: Derek: Do you have internet upstairs?
Jim: Yup
Patricia: Hm, I do, but only on my laptop
Derek: Weird, I don’t have any connection
Jim: Maybe there’s something wrong with the router
Patricia: Now it’s gone even on my laptop
Derek: Hm, still nothing. I’ll call the provider
Jim: Thanks man, now I don’t have it either
Derek: I’m just wondering why you had it when we didn’t
Patricia: He was probably using all of it :P
Summary: Jim, Derek and Patricia have no internet connection. Derek will call the provider. 
Dialogue: Jane: Thank you for contacting custommer support
Jane: how can I help you?
Irene: Hello
Irene: I wanted to talk to you about my order
Jane: yes ofcourse
Jane: how can I help you
Irene: I'm missing an item
Jane: Im sorry to hear that
Jane: Which item is missing?
Irene: the vanilla hand cream
Jane: Would you like me to ship a replacement or would you prefer a refund?
Irene: a replace ment please
Jane: Ok, would you please give me your shipping info
Irene: Irene Chelsea, 675 ave. Chicago IL
Jane: Ok Someone will contact you with hte shipping details as soon as they are available
Irene: Thank you!
Summary: A vanilla hand cream is missing from Irene's shipped order. She contacted customer support about it. They will send her a replacement.
Dialogue: Jenny: Hey sis, can I ask you a question?
Jasmine: Sure! Bring it on!
Jenny: Do you remember a guy that hit on you on Oscar's birthday party?
Jasmine: This tall handsome blonde guy? Yeah. I would definitely let him take me to dinner if I hadn't been engaged :)
Jasmine: What's up with him?
Jenny: He's very keen on me I think.
Jenny: We are talking on messenger all the time.
Jenny: He's cute and I really enjoy talking to him.
Jasmine: That's great! What is he like? Smart and handsome or handsome but empty inside?
Jenny: I have never enjoyed chatting with someone as much as with him. We're exchanging some interesting stuff about space and planets and I think I want to go out with him. What should I do?
Jasmine: Hahah! Hit it! Make hay while the sun shines!
Jenny: Thanks for support :)
Summary: Jenny is not sure whether to go out with a boy she is texting all the time. Jasmine tells her to do it.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey.. hows married life going? 
Huda: yes good.. how are you and all? whats up?
Alice: Nothing we have started a new setup remember told you about it? ... we all are working together... operating from my house
Huda: wow thats good to know... once i was part of the plan .. you guys didnt bother asking me?
Alice: i am sorry Huda but we thought you have just got married you need to time to settle then we will ask you to join...
Huda: but atleast you should have informed me that this plan has been executed.. dont be offensive but wasnt it all my idea? and i am no where there...
Alice: there is nothing to be offended dear.. you are the master mind and you will always be we have just worked on the plan that you made.. you will have to be there for the second step ... its just that we wanted you to enjoy the early days of your marriage thats it..
Huda: shit marriage...  i have moved out and divorcing him
Alice: WHAT!!! are yyou seriouss???
Huda: He has kind of mental illness.. i dont know what? all of a sudden he would start screaming crying hitting me swearing on me... and next moment he would be find and ashamed of his behaviour... i cant take it anymore so i just decided to leave him.
Alice: but he is your husband now shouldnt you be helping me recover from the disease?
Huda: i dont know if its a disease or his way of living because it was a disease he would have forgotten about what he did but he knows what he is doing..
Alice: hmmm.. that makes sense... may God help you but please before making any decision think alot and consult your parents...
Huda: yes.. once i am done with this all would join you guys
Alice: sure we would be honoured.
Summary: Alice has started a new setup. She didn't tell Huda about it. Huda decided to divorce her husband. She will join the project once she is done with her problems.
Dialogue: Bill: One more minute in this traffic jam and I will kill somebody
Helen: Easy easy
Bill: Can't calm down because I'm stuck in the traffic jam, battery's gonna go flat in any minute and I'm almost out of gasoline.
Helen: Upps. Will you be able to reach gas station?
Bill: Hope so.
Helen: Let me know if I can help
Bill: No you can't. I'm at the other side of the city and there is no way to tell when I get home
Helen: Waiting for ya.
Bill: That's the only thing that keeps me sane
Helen: Luv ya.
Bill: love you too <3
Summary: Bill is stuck in a traffic jam and running out of gas. Helen is waiting for him.
Dialogue: Lucy: Hi, can't talk on the phone now:/
Lucy: I'm in the cinema...
Jennifer: ok,can I call you around 10 pm?
Lucy: fine,10:30 should work.
Lucy: I will call you.
Summary: Lucy could not talk on the phone because she was in the cinema. Lucy will call Jennifer back at 10:30 pm.
Dialogue: George: How much are the blueberries?
Shoplady: 18zł
George: That's bit expensive.
Shoplady: Sorry, it's my boss who decides the prices.
George: I know, its not your fault.
Summary: George wants to buy the blueberries, but they are too expensive.
Dialogue: Greg: Have you paid the invoice?
Tom: Yes
Kim: Tomorrow. I'm waiting for a bank transfer
Summary: Tom has paid the invoice. Kim will do it tomorrow. She is waiting for a bank transfer.
Dialogue: Olivia: Hey, I'm at subway, I'll be home in 30 minutes, do you want me to get you anything?
Anthony: 😍
Anthony: you're the best! 
Anthony: but I just ordered pizza, so I'm good. Thanks though. 
Olivia: lol ok, I'll see you soon
Summary: Olivia is at the subway. Anthony has just ordered pizza, so he doesn't want Olivia to get him anything. 
Dialogue: Mark: Gentlemen! I dare say it's COFFEE TIME!
Luke: w00t!
Jake: Sry, can't now.
Mark: Y?
Jake: Boss needs to talk to me. 
Luke: Had the talk. Don't mention coffee.
Jake: Y?
Mark: You'll get talked down for coffee time ;)
Jake: Rly?
Luke: Apparently he doesn't approve of us taking long breaks from work :P
Mark: Lol
Jake: Gotta go! Looking at me meaningfully!
Luke: Well then, kind sir, shall we?
Mark: Of course we shall!
Jake: W8 for me!
Summary: Mark and Luke will take a coffee, and Jake needs to talk to the boss. He wants them to wait for him.
Dialogue: Trina: Lunch at 13?
Ronnie: Sure, I'm already hungry :)
Trina: great, see u soon!
Ronnie: see u!
Summary: Trina and Ronnie are going to eat lunch together at 13 o'clock.
Dialogue: Gale: How did you find out about it?
Amanda: NVM! Who is she?!
Kit: Amanda! Didn't know u were into him ;)
Amanda: I'm not! Just jealous!
Kit: Well, turns out he's going out with Ms Johnson!
Gale: U 4 real?
Amanda: Not true! Can't be!
Kit: Little bird saw them in the park yesterday!
Gale: So what? Could've met by chance.
Kit: Hugging? ;)
Amanda: Yeah, he probably tripped and she was helping him up.
Gale: If that's what you want to believe
Summary: Amanda doesn't want to believe the man she likes is going out with Ms Johnson. 
Dialogue: Bob: DUDE
Bob: YOU FORGOT TO TAKE OUT THE GARBAGE 
Bob: AGAIN
Roger: lol sorry XD
Roger: I'll take care of it after work
Bob: >:-(
Summary: Roger forgot to take out the rubbish, as reminded by Bob. He'll do it after work.
Dialogue: Kaya: Have you been to that new food point?
Javion: No
Kaya: I think we should give it a try
Javion: Why not
Kaya: Be ready
Javion: When
Kaya: I will outside of your home right after 4 hours
Javion: k bro
Summary: Kaya will pick up Javion at his house in 4 hours and they will go to a new food point.
Dialogue: Lee: Stop making that racket!
Issac: We're just redecorating, sorry.
Lee: It's so loud down here. It's Sat morning. Couldn't you wait till at least after 9?
Issac: Sorry, we have lots of stuff to do today, so we wanted to get an early start.
Lee: Ok
Summary: Issac will not stop making noise because he has a lot of work to do today.
Dialogue: Jackie: Hi! Thank you  so much for thinking of me on my birthday with such a lovely card. Have a wonderful day!
Sharon: You're welcome! What are you doing?
Jackie: Not much, just a meal out and a quiet night with telly.
Sharon: Sounds good. We should do something next week.
Jackie: Agreed. Call me?
Sharon: Sure! Have a good one!
Jackie: You as well!
Summary: Jackie received a birthday card from Sharon. Sharon will call Jackie next week.
Dialogue: Rachel: hello where are you lost?
Kaycee: here babe... just down with fever
Rachel: aww... get well soon girl... i was wondering why you aint coming uni
Kaycee: thanks.. i am not well so cant make it to uni
Rachel: dont worry u will be fine soon.. take care of yourself xxxx
Kaycee: thanks babe xxxxx
Summary: Kaycee is sick and can't attend university classes. Rachel is worried about her.
Dialogue: David: I have to share my unpopular opinion with you
David: Newborn kids are ugly. Don't argue since there's no point. 
David: Newborn kids are ugly af and people showng off their ugly babies on social media are mentally disabled people.
Jack: Hahaha. I've got your back.
Jack: I totally agree.
Jack: Social media exhibitionism has gone too far in my opinion.
David: I agree, but that's not the point.
David: Little kittens - cute
David: Puppies - cute
David: Little Panda - cute as fuck
David: But a human child is extremely ugly
David: Looking like a gnome leaving a mud cave
David: And I totally don't understand parents who post pictures of these  creatures.
Jack: ROFL
Jack: You made me laugh so hard i peed myself
David: hahahaha
Summary: David and Jack think newborn babies are ugly. They dislike the fact that parents so often share their babies' pictures via social media.
Dialogue: Kate: i'll have to send him to the cinema
Kate: his mate stood him up:D 
Courtney: haha 
Courtney: if he doesn't want to go we can still go to the park and drink on a bench XD
Kate: don't worry, he's going ;D
Courtney: :D
Summary: Kate is sending him to the cinema so she can meet with Courtney for drinks.
Dialogue: Bob: Hey does anyone have Allie's number?
Matt: Nope
Daniel: she's in this chat isn't she?
Bob: Oh lol
Bob: Allie let me know when ur online
Summary: Bob needs Allie's number, but Matt points out she's in the chat they're currently talking in. 
Dialogue: Marianne: I'm coming March 9th 11:20 am
Marianne: Flight 179 from Dubai
Janet: Ok perfect <3
Janet: So Saturday for jet lag
Janet: Sunday - pleasures
Marianne: Exactly :)
Janet: Its Ben's mother's birthday
Marianne: Oh I won't disturb, I can stay at home and go to sleep
Janet: Nooo that's not what I meant
Janet: I will not go to the dinner
Janet: I'll have a perfect excuse - a Very Important Guest ;) ;)
Marianne: Don't you like her?
Summary: Marianne is coming on the flight 179 from Dubai on March 9th at 11:20 am. Janet wants to use her visit as an excuse not to go to Ben's mother's birthday party on Sunday.
Dialogue: Jon: Hi, so I spoke to mom. Christmas Eve is going to be at our place.
Evelyn: Oh! Great!
Jon: I know! I can't wait!
Evelyn: It will be first Christmas Eve orginized by You. Don't fuck it up please :D
Jon: Thanks for having faith in me sis.
Evelyn: I'm joking. It's gonna be perfect, I know it.
Jon: Of course it will. 
Jon: Since I've found pleasure in cooking, nothing's gonna be the same. 
Evelyn: Haha. I've no doubt. If Christmas Eve dishes will be as tasty as yesterday's dinner, I'm sure everyone's gonna be thrilled to bits.
Jon: Thanks again. Nothing would have worked out if it was not for the recipe though.
Evelyn: Oh come on! Recipe is nothing without a chef!
Jon: Haha. Glad to hear it.
Summary: Jon is organizing his first Christmas Eve.
Dialogue: Mike: Where are you guys?
Lucas: At home 
Jordan: Oh shit, we were supposed to wait for Mike after school
Mike: Exactly... 
Summary: Lucas and Jordan are at home. They forgot to wait for Mike after school.
Dialogue: Lennon: Dad can you lend me £50 
Dave: ask your Mum
Lennon: she said no
Dave: well I'm skint
Lennon: typical thanks for nothing
Summary: Dave has no money to borrow Lennon.
Dialogue: Carson: I looked thru our old instagram pictures
Connor: Hows that? 
Carson: They're all so bad quality omg 
Connor: What a creep xd
Connor: Haha
Connor: TIme flies eh!
Carson: It does omg 
Carson: All of shit we've done at Quapelle Hall 
Connor: I remember half of these nights ;) 
Carson: haha
Connor: Are we ever going back to these times
Carson: We're old balls now
Connor: xd 
Carson: We have to!
Carson: Like soon! Getting together with our girls (and boys xd)! 
Connor: Sounds splendid
Summary: Carson is going through old photos. Carson and Connor used to party together at Quapelle Hall. They want to meet up soon.
Dialogue: Mitchell: are you looking for this?
Mitchell: <file_photo>
Lorenzo: aaaaaaaaaaaaaa thanks!!!! 
Lorenzo: just saved my life!!!
Mitchell: haha at your service:D 
Lorenzo: coming for it in 2 mins!!
Summary: Mitchell found what Lorenzo was looking for. He will pick it up in 2 minutes. 
Dialogue: Iona: Hi, Lydia, Miles is asking if you'd go with him to the movies.
Lydia: Why doesn't he talk to me himself? :P
Iona: That's a very good question, actually. Hang on, I'll add him to this conversation.
Miles: Hi, Lydia!
Lydia: Hi there. I heard you wanted to ask me something?
Miles: @Iona, I really hate you right now.
Iona: Why? *innocent whistling*
Miles: Look, Lydia, I'm not such a coward that I can't talk to you myself, I just asked my sister to find out if I stand a chance.
Lydia: Maybe try calling me? I don't think it's a conversation we should have here :P
Miles: Yeah, right, sorry. I'll call you in a sec.
Lydia: Your sister can give you my number :P
Iona: Why are all men so stupid? XD
Summary: Miles wants to take Lydia to the movies so will call her in a sec to talk about it. Ilona will her brother Lydia's number.
Dialogue: Jordan: and so do you have time for me?
Savannah: it was a nice meeting but i think that's not what i'm looking for...
Jordan: ok so what are you looking for?
Savannah: it's just not what i want
Jordan: ok just tell me what you want. I know it is not me
Savannah: why u asking about that?
Jordan: i just want to know. that is all
Savannah: no need for that. that's just not what i want...
Summary: Savannah had a nice meeting with Jordan but she's looking for something else.  
Dialogue: Paul: You ok to give me a lift to work tomorrow?
Crista: Yes, it's ok. About 8ish?
Paul: Yes, thanks love, my car will be on the road again soon.
Crista: It's fine, I don't mind. See you in the morning.
Paul: Thanks, Crista, you're a star! 
Summary: Crista will give Paul a lift to work tomorrow about 8 o'clock.
Dialogue: Sam: Hey, do you want to join a stretching class tomorrow at 7pm? 
Sam: It's a charity event at the fitness club
Jane: Sorry, can't make it
Sue: I've already planned something too
Sue: Sorry
Summary: Jane can't join the charity streching class tomorrow.
Dialogue: Colin: good news for omar!!
Colin: he got accepted into grad schol!
Rachel: good for him!
Rachel: i have a question for you though...
Rachel: who's omar? lol
Colin: what do you mean who's omar?
Colin: he's annie's friend
Colin: you've met him a thousand times!!!
Rachel: I LITERALLY have no idea who that is ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Rachel: lol -- no idea!!! hahaha
Colin: he works at that record shop on victory street
Colin: long greasy hair
Colin: always smiling :-D great guy
Rachel: ooooohhhhhh...
Rachel: OMAR!!!!!!
Rachel: lol jk i STILL have no idea who this omar is
Colin: i'm getting confused now
Colin: maybe you haven't met him after all lol
Rachel: i'm sure i haven't
Rachel: but congratulations to him!! lol
Summary: Omar got admitted into grad school. Rachel doesn't know who Omar is.
Dialogue: Taylor: Mum, I have been trying to call Dad, where is he?
Owen: What happened?
Taylor: I am in front of the shopping Mall and the tire is punctured
Owen: You dad just left for a meeting 
Taylor: Can you ask Ethan to come and pick me up?
Owen: He has left his cellphone at the home
Taylor: Ok then I would have to call my friend maybe
Summary: Taylor is at a shopping mall and has a flat tyre. His father is at a meeting and can't help. His mother, Owen, cannot contact Ethan for help because Ethan has left his mobile at home. Taylor will call a friend instead.
Dialogue: Pippo: Hey-hey-hey!
Luke: Hello! Tell me
Pippo: Please sit down
Luke: Why?
Pippo: I have news... you won't believe it
Summary: Pippo has some news for Luke.
Dialogue: Chris: i have reserved a table for us for today
Nathan: perfect :D so we meet at 7?
Tom: did you get it for 5 people? Mark and Jake are also coming
Chris: I made a reservation for 6, just in case
Tom: good thinking bro thanks
Nathan: but it is boys-only right? no girls allowed
Chris: yeah of course
Chris: just as we discussed
Nathan: make sure to remind Jake, he bring Sara literally EVERYWHERE
Tom: haha i already called him to make sure he comes alone
Tom: but he was probably surprised
Nathan: that's what i am saying haha
Summary: Chris, Nathan, Tom, Mark and Jake are having a boy's only gathering. Chris booked a table for 7 o'clock.
Dialogue: Sandy: wanna join? <file_other>
Tina: no, I need to keep writing:/:/
Sandy: writing what?
Tina: a stupid essay for Monday :/ :/
Sandy: about?
Tina: some psychological shit..:P
Sandy: uh, that sucks ;(
Sandy: how many pages?
Tina: 30............
Sandy: how many u have?
Tina: don ask!
Sandy: 3? :D
Tina: 5...  
Sandy: fuck!!close fb and  u gonna make it,  fingers x!!
Sandy: thx, enjoy tonite!
Summary: Tina can't join Sandy as she needs to keep writing an essay on psychology for Monday. She has to write 30 pages, but has only 5 now.  
Dialogue: Ann: Do you remember about the Christmas tree?
Adam: Yes.
Adam: I will buy it right after work.
Ann: Great, I will prepare decorations.
Ann: We will be able to start as soon as you come back home.
Adam: I see that you can not wait to do this.
Ann: :D
Summary: Adam'll buy the Christmas tree after tree, Ann'll prepare the decorations.
Dialogue: Lily: Hi guys, are we meeting at 8 as usual?
Fiona: Afaik yes, but ask Paul, he's the one who will be driving.
Paul: Yep, I'm leaving home in half an hour, will be at Fiona's place at 7.30, then we'll just have to pick up Anne and Jake.
Anne: Don't forget to bring the boardgames!
Jake: Lily only has old stuff like Scrabble and Monopoly, you know. XD
Anne: And that card game about building cities, right?
Lily: Yes, it's called Citadels.
Paul: Ok, I'm bringing Talisman and Settlers of Catan.
Fiona: Okay.
Jake: I wasn't there when you played Citadels two weeks ago, how is it?
Lily: Oh, it's just fantastic!
Fiona: You have to build your city and score as many points as possible, but you also use different characters during the game, so there's a lot of surprises.
Jake: Sound complicated, hope it's fun!
Paul: It's actually really easy to learn and master, but it has a lot of depth and you can replay it forever. It never gets boring!
Anne: I agree, but still bring those other games!
Paul: No problem. See you later!
Summary: There's a board game night at Fiona's at 8. Paul will bring Talisman and Settlers of Catan. Citadels will be played.
Dialogue: Javier: hey claudia, this is Javier. just got a new number
Claudia: ok, cool. thanks!
Javier: what are you up to?
Claudia: making some homemade naan bread
Javier: i love naan. have you made it before?
Claudia: no, first time. i can save you some if youd like.
Javier: that would be great. Thanks!
Claudia: no problem at all!
Summary: Claudia is making naan bread for the first time. She is going to share it with Javier.
Dialogue: Rob: Hey, are you by any chance at work right now?
Mike: Yeah, what's up?
Rob: I have a huge favor to ask - looks like my car battery died. Again.
Mike: Hahahaha. Again? Isn't it like the fourth time this month?
Rob: Yeah, I know. The car's a mess.
Mike: It sure is. You really need to replace the battery if you intend to use it.
Rob: That is true. But the main issue here is that the front door sensor is busted. It should beep when I open the door without turning off the headlights.And it does not beep, so I keep leaving the lights on, and it drains the battery.
Mike: So get that replaced - it's a cheap electric sensor, just look it up online.
Rob: Yeah, I know, it's just something I keep forgetting about. When I remember it's fine, and when I forget the more urgent issue is to start the car:)
Mike: Yeah, I get that. 
Mike: So where are you at? 
Rob: At the mall just next to your office - that's why I'm asking you :)
Mike: Ok, makes sense :) What level?
Rob: -2, just by the entrance A
Mike: Ok, on my way.
Mike: Oh, you do have jumper cables?
Rob: Sure do - never leave my home withou them :)
Mike: Lol :D 
Summary: Mike's car battery is dead. Rob will come with his jumper cables and help him. Mike's waiting at the mall next to Rob's office at level -2 by entrance A. 
Dialogue: Mark: hey just a heads up, i'm out with robbie & ill be home in like 45 min
Sarah: kk. pizza is going in now
Mark: <file_gif>
Mark: u didn't get hawaiian like last time?
Sarah: hawaiian pizza is the best pizza!! :D
Sarah: but don't worry - i got you some peperoni ;)
Mark: good! 
Mark: pinneapple on pizza - *shudder*
Sarah: oh quit being a baby! :P and buy me some chocolate when you get back?
Mark: as my lady commands ;)
Sarah: your lady, huh? i didn't realise we were in the 19th century :P
Mark: what can i say? they wore some pretty cool hats then ;)
Summary: Mark is out with Robbie and will be home in 45 minutes. Sarah thinks Hawaiian pizza is the best one, but she'll get some peperoni for Mark. He'll buy some chocolate for her.  
Dialogue: Mason: I have a meeting tonight; can we eat at 6?
Olivia: Ooh, that's putting me on the spot!
Mason: No problem. I can eat after the meeting.
Olivia: Yeah, I'll save you some. I'm afraid I won't get out of here until after 5:30, so...
Mason: No worries. I didn't remind you so.
Olivia: We need a calendar!
Mason: We should share a Google one.
Olivia: Great idea.
Mason: How do we do that? LOL!
Olivia: I think I can share mine with you and vice versa. Then we can invite each other to things.
Mason: Oh, right.
Olivia: Otherwise I think we have to get a paper one for the kitchen. We keep missing things!
Mason: Agreed!
Olivia: See you later. Love you!
Mason: Love you too!
Summary: Mason has a meeting tonight and Olivia is working until after 5:30. Mason and Olivia wants to share a Google calendar to put an end to missing things. 
Dialogue: Bill: <file_gif>
Nick: <file_gif>
Bill: tonight?
Nick: pubs are overrated
Bill: haha
Bill: come to my house
Bill: cheaper
Nick: whos buyonh
Nick: *buying
Bill: my place, my snacks, my tv, means you're buying beers
Nick: smartass
Nick: alright
Bill: four or more dude
Nick: gonna bring crate
Bill: and thats why were friends!
Nick: see ya tonight
Summary: Nick is going to Bill's house tonight and will bring beers.  
Dialogue: Sara: I want to paint my hair black
Tracy: Awesome!
Frederick: I think blonde suits you better
Sara: I'm tired of being blonde
Sara: And I want to see if people will treat me differently 
Tracy: What do you mean?
Sara: I think I look to girly 
Sara: Sometimes people don't take me seriously 
Tracy: Really?
Tracy: I had no idea
Sara: But I don't know if it's about the hair 
Sara: Or because I'm a woman
Sara: I'll test my hypothesis  
Summary: Sara's blonde and she thinks that people don't take her seriously because of that. She wants to paint her hair black for a change this time.
Dialogue: Ann: Hi July :) Any plans for 2night?
July: I'm going to the Cinema with Gus. U can go with us if u want.
Ann: i wish but I've to buy new dishwasher for my mom. 
July: Oh, I see. 
July: If u need any help I'll call Gus and we will help u.
Ann: Really?! You are great! :x
July: No problem sis :x
Summary: July and Gus are going to the cinema tonight. Ann has to buy a new dishwasher for her mom.
Dialogue: Caron: I was just looking at tropical wall murals for my bedroom. Wall I'm going to decorate it next week xx
Andy Small: Ooh a Murial like Hilda 😂😂 xxx
Andy Small: Seriously though I bet it will look lovely xxx
Caron: With out the ducks lol
Caron: One like that on the wall behind the bed 
Caron: So I can wake up on a paradise island lol
Andy Small: It will feel like you are somewhere beautiful xxx
Caron: They are cheap really.. I can do the whole wall for 30
Andy Small: I will have to come up to see it xxx
Caron: You'll need a boat lol
Summary: Caron is looking for a tropical wall mural to decorate her bedroom next week. They're really cheap, decoration for the whole wall costs 30. Andy Small will have to come to see Caron's decorations.
Dialogue: Greg: I'm sending you the file you asked for
Greg: There are lots of recipes gathered in the countries I've been to
Greg: <file_other>
Patrick: Thanks mate
Patrick: From whom did you get all these receipes?
Greg: I talked to some chefs, the rest is taken from the web
Summary: Gred sends Patrick a file with recipes that he got from the internet and chefs.
Dialogue: Ricky: where's my dope
Julian: fuck man don't text me about dope!! say stuff or sth
Ricky: dope dope DOPE
Summary: Ricky is asking Julian for his drug.
Dialogue: Matt: Do you want to go for date?
Agnes: Wow! You caught me out with this question Matt.
Matt: Why?
Agnes: I simply didn't expect this from you.
Matt: Well, expect the unexpected.
Agnes: Can I think about it?
Matt: What is there to think about?
Agnes: Well, I don't really know you.
Matt: This is the perfect time to get to know eachother
Agnes: Well that's true.
Matt: So let's go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz.
Agnes: Now your convincing me.
Matt: Cool, saturday at 6pm?
Agnes: That's fine.
Matt: I can pick you up on the way to the restaurant.
Agnes: That's really kind of you.
Matt: No problem.
Agnes: See you on saturday.
Matt: Yes, looking forward to it.
Agnes: Me too.
Summary: Matt invites Agnes for a date to get to know each other better. They'll go to the Georgian restaurant in Kazimierz on Saturday at 6 pm, and he'll pick her up on the way to the place.
Dialogue: Dorothy: Hey
Houston: Sup?
Dorothy: I've just left the club
Houston: That's early
Dorothy: The club closes at 2
Houston: Hum ok
Dorothy: How are you feeling?
Houston: Pretty good
Dorothy: Uff that's awesome
Houston: Yea right
Houston: How was your night
Dorothy: It was nice
Dorothy: Shit my phone is broken.  The speaker doesn't work
Houston: Not in silence?
Dorothy: I'm not stupid.
Dorothy: I can't even call because I don't hear anything
Houston: Try to restart it
Dorothy: Yeah I did it
Dorothy: It worked
Houston: Alright
Summary: Dorothy has just left the club and her phone speaker is not working. Houston suggests restarting the phone and it fixes the problem.
Dialogue: Carol: hey i need your help
Carol: my computer stopped working
Michelle: that sucks :-(
Michelle: your laptop or desktop?
Carol: laptop
Carol: wha's the name of your guy?
Carol: the one you told can fix any computer
Michelle: his name is bill
Michelle: would you like his number?
Carol: please
Michelle: it's 717-222-4877
Carol: thank you so much
Carol: i owe you one
Summary: Carol's laptop stopped working, he needs help. Michelle gives Carol a phone number of a computer specialist to fix the laptop.
Dialogue: Georgina: I'd like to watch a series
Georgina: Can you recommend me something?
Josephine: What kind of series?
Georgina: You know what I like
Georgina: Drama, psychological stuff...
Josephine: Recently I've seen something you might like
Josephine: It's called "Sharp objects"
Josephine: A woman comes back to her childhood town to write an article about recent murders and also has to face her difficult past
Josephine: Plus there's a lot about mother-daughter relation, I think you could relate
Georgina: That sounds interesting
Georgina: Let me watch a trailer
Georgina: Ok you convinced me 
Georgina: I'll watch it. There's only one season which is great.
Summary: Josephine recommends the 'Sharp Objects' series to Georgina. Georgina watches a trailer and decides to start watching the series, which has only one season.
Dialogue: Monica: Honey, are you still at home?
Mark: Just left.
Monica: Shit, I think I left the iron on ;(
Mark: No you didn't. I put it away before I left. It was already cold.
Monica: Thank God!
Mark: Yeah, I hope you don't burn our house down when I'm away next week, I quite like it the way it is :D
Summary: Monica has left the iron on, but Mark put it away before leaving.
Dialogue: Suzie: wish we could talk face to face :P
Cavill: If we were face to face talking's not the only thing id wish for ;)
Suzie: elaborate :)
Cavill: Id wanna go adventure with you of course!
Suzie: what's wrong with looking into each others eyes ;)
Cavill: Haha with your eyes that would count as an adventure :*
Suzie: smooth :D
Cavill: haha talk to you soon
Suzie: yeah better get goin
Summary: Cavil and Suzie are flirting.
Dialogue: Kit: Back. Sry.
Amanda: NVM! Gossip! Now!
Kit: Fine ;) ur needy ;)
Gale: Kit! Pls!
Kit: You know Jake, the freshman?
Amanda: Which one is it?
Gale: Tall, broad shoulders, nice lips, deep, blue eyes, veeery handsome
Amanda: Oh! That one! Half the school is in luv with him!
Kit: Ik! And have gossip about him! A little bird told me he's got a sweetheart ;)
Summary: Kit has heard a gossip about Jake saying that he is seeing someone. Kit shares this with Amanda and Gale. 
Dialogue: Ken: so is it a boy or girl?
Lisa: we're having a girl!
Ken: :) I'm so happy
Ken: I'll call you when I land
Summary: Lisa is having a girl. Ken will call her when he lands.
Dialogue: Angie: you alive?
Mike: no
Angie: same
Mike: I've been sick all day
Angie: I'm never drinking again
Mike: sick party though xD
Angie: <file_gif>
Mike: :D
Summary: Mike and Angie are hungover after a party.
Dialogue: Pat: When are you leaving?
Matt: Mid June
Pat: that soon?
Matt: they wanted me to come within a week but I said that I'm agreeing to the transfer, but I have a life and can't move that quickly
Pat: are they paying for your apartment there?
Matt: they do. I also get a company car
Pat: nice!
Matt: on the other hand I'm moving to a shithole where I have no friends or family
Pat: you can finally join the gym
Matt: yes I will bemore fit than I ever was in my life
Pat: a goodbye beer next wek?
Matt: mandatory :)
Pat: I'll text you Monday :)
Summary: Matt is being transferred and he's leaving in mid June. He will get a company car and and they will pay for his apartment. He will have no friends or family there, so he will have the time to join the gym. Matt and Pat will meet next week for a beer to say goodbye. 
Dialogue: Margaret: Have you come back from the trip?
Diana: Yes, I am home already!
Margaret: How was it?
Diana: Amazing. Tom showed me some less touristic, beautiful places.
Margaret: Did you stay only in Tuscany or you travelled anywhere else?
Diana: Tuscany is already too much!
Margaret: I only saw Pisa and Florence :(
Diana: Oh, I didn't enjoy them too much. Overcrowded, tiring... Queues everywhere.
Margaret: So what did you see?
Diana: We went also to Arezzo and Siena, but the best were little villages.
Margaret: But how did you get there? Buses are horrible in Italy.
Diana: Tom rented a car.
Margaret: That's amazing. I would be afraid to drive in Italy, though. You know how chaotic they can be.
Diana: Not really, it's a bit of a false stereotype.
Margaret: Did you go to Chianti?
Diana: Yes, we did! :D
Margaret: Is it as beautiful as it looks in pictures?
Diana: HAHA, surprisingly it is! This bucolic landscape with lone trees and vineyards. Unbelievably beautiful. And you can stop on the way in small villages and try some vines and olives. That was the best day I believe.
Margaret: Gosh, I envy you so much.
Diana: We can arrange something next year, I want to come back!
Margaret: That would be beautiful but we need somebody with a driver's licence.
Diana: Maybe my Tom would go with us.
Margaret: Great!
Diana: Let's talk about it after Christmas.
Margaret: Great! Would you like to come over for dinner next Friday? With Tom of course.
Diana: We would love to!
Margaret: Perfect, so I will write you on Monday.
Diana: Ok, have a nice weekend.
Margaret: you too.
Summary: Diana and Tom went for a trip to Italy. She saw Pisa and Florence but found them too touristy. They went also to Arezzo and Siena, but what she liked most were the little villages. Tom rented a car and they drove around. They went to Chianti. Diana and Tom will come to Margaret for dinner on Monday.
Dialogue: Katy: I like Tom's girlfriend very much
Kelly: she's nice, true
Cecilia: Maybe not very beautiful but seems nice
Katy: I think she's perfect for him
Kim: Why do you think so?
Katy: Yes
Katy: she seems to have a good influence on him, she brings stability and security to him
Katy: a bit motherly
Katy: like seems to take care, calm him down, protect, but relaxed on the other hand
Katy: not pretentious at all
Katy: seems a nice personality, a good person
Katy: not patronising as well, listening to him respectfully
Katy: they spend a lot of time together apparently
Katy: she notices when he's alerted and calms him down
Kim: wow, sounds great, I don't really know her
Kim: but i imagine it's not easy to be with somebody with Asperger
Katy: he can be awkward, but is a good guy
Kim: sure he is!
Summary: Tom has Asperger's. His girlfriend deals with it very well and she's really nice. 
Dialogue: Adam: Hi Mona said you bought a new TV?
Carl: Yes, we broke old.
Adam: Which model?
Carl: Philips Ambilight 55 E524532.
Summary: Carl bought a new Philips Ambilight 55 E524532 TV because the old one is broken.
Dialogue: Markus: Did you go to the march yesterday?
Tony: I certainly did
Markus: I saw it all online. Awful violence, such a  disgrace.
Tony: Yes. A big disgrace. I saw a couple of scuffles myself.
Markus: There were these Neo-fascists punching and pushing with these Antifa people, in the end he pushed him over and started kicking him until his girlfriend got in between them.
Tony: Yes I saw that one. Very violent.
Markus: What about the second one?
Tony: Well effectively it was the same one again. The cameraman wasn't happy with his angle the first time, so he told them to do it again.
Summary: Markus went to the march yesterday and saw Neo-fascists fighting with Antifa. Tony watched the entire march online.
Dialogue: Jay: <file_photo>
Carson: Did you get new a hockey stick? 
Jay: Ya! 50% off
Carson: Nice!! 
Summary: Jay bought a hockey stick.
Dialogue: Nadia: <file_other>
Nadia: what do you think?
Sara: looks good
Sara: but you choose :)
Summary: Sara thinks it looks good and asks Nadia to choose.
Dialogue: Ava: Your test results are not good.. If you donot improve , i will be forced to contact your parents
Richard: Ma'am I swear , i am trying my best..
Ava: No you aren't.. if you were, i would have seen some difference from your previous results..
Richard: Ma'am , You can ask Bella.. I'm studying with her ..
Ava: See me tomorrow in my office and bring Bella too.. Her test scores are not good either
Richard: Sure ma'am.. But i promise that i have started studying and soon you will see good scores...
Ava: I am looking forward to that day.. 
Richard: Will meet you tomorrow ma'am..
Summary: Ava wants to see Richard and Bella tomorrow to discuss their bad test results. Richard studied for the test together with Bella. If his results don't improve, Ava will contact his parents. 
Dialogue: James: <file_video>
James: My girlfriend is so creative :D
Fred: Hahha. LOL
James: She  made me put the trash bin near the window outside
James: So that she doesn't have to go outside and walk around the house to take out garbage
James: She just opens the kitchen window and done
Fred: If it's stupid but it works...
James: It ain't stupid haha I know :D
Fred: Congratulate her from me :D
James: I will xD
Summary: James's girlfriend made him put the trash bin near the kitchen window outside so she can throw things out of the window.
Dialogue: Jason: Hi
Jason: Any suggestions for Oahu Hawaii? 
Rio: Haha you asking me? 
Jason: Ye I thought you lived in Hawaii for a bit
Rio: Ye but I have never been to Oahu actually? 
Jason: Really?? 
Rio: Im going there this December 
Rio: Just lived in Honolulu for 4 months
Jason: I see 
Rio: Oahu is a nice place tho! 
Rio: Vacaying?
Jason: Yep 🤟
Jason: planning on going there with my lady 
Rio: For how long
Jason: one week
Rio: You can go with Marlin travels
Jason: I gotta check it out thx!
Summary: Jason seeks suggestions for Oahu in Hawaii, where he will stay for a week with his lady. Rio lives in Hawaii but never visited Oahu, and he recommends going with Marlin travels.
Dialogue: Monica: Love, I’m making pizza tonight 😊 can you buy mozzarella?
Jamie: Sure, sth else??
Monica: No, I think I’ve got everything… how’s work?
Jamie: Tiring 😕 I’m hungry and you’re not helping with the pizza-talk 😉
Monica: Oh, get a grip 😉 tomorrow’s Saturday
Jamie: Thank God.
Summary: Monica is making pizza tonight, Jamie is buying mozzarella. 
