Dialogue: Olivia: Where's Dave?
Jerry: He had to go to a funeral today
Samantha: Oh
Olivia: :(
Samantha: Was it some close relative of his?
Jerry: As far as I know it was his aunt's brother
Olivia: Ok
Samantha: Ok
Jerry: He didn't even know him too much but still had to go to the funeral
Olivia: Ok, got it
Summary: Dave is absent, because he had to go to his aunt's brother funeral today.
Dialogue: Mark: ok, guys! good news!
Hadley: I assume the panel proposal was accepted 
Anita: tell us!
Mark: Yes, we only have to find the forth person to make the panel idea perfect
Anita: Perfectly somebody focusing on Poland
Mark: Exactly, we have Hungary and Czechoslovakia covered
Hadley: Another option is Romania? I'd know somebody who could do it.
Mark: Poland would be better, but let's wait. If nobody can be found, we can try with Romania or Yugoslavia.
Anita: I agree!
Summary: The panel proposal was accepted. They have Hungary and Czechoslovakia covered but still need someone focusing on Poland. If they don't find anyone, they will try with Romania or Yugoslavia.
Dialogue: Sergio: Are you still looking for a flat?
Jessica: Yep, why? Have you got sth?
Sergio: I might, my friends is letting out his studio. Should I ask him for details?
Jessica: Of course! What district?
Sergio: Not far from the city center, I guess. I'll ask for more info
Jessica: Great, thank you, Sergio! I'm beginning to panic that I won't find anything....
Sergio: Don't worry, you can always crash at our place for a while.
Jessica: You're the best!! <3
Summary: Jessica is looking for a flat while Sergio's friend is letting out his apartment. Sergio will ask for more info, and lets her know that she can always live with him for a bit.
Dialogue: Tom: Did we register after all?
Paul: Lol, I think we did.
Paul: we were soooo fucked I can barely remember
Tom: God, I hate this :D
Tom: Never again...
Paul: yeeeeah, right :)
Tom: what are we going to do about it?
Tom: can we get our money back?
Paul: I don't think so...
Tom: There's no way I'm gonna run a fucking marathon!!
Paul: LOL, it's hardcore, I'll admit
Paul: But we were fairly confident when we registered...
Tom: Maybe we should get drunk before the start so we would be as confident then? :D
Paul: <file_gif>
Summary: Tom and Paul registered for a marathon, but they don't want to participate in it anymore. 
Dialogue: Emily: Hi, Giorgio! Are you ok?
Giorgio: Ciao Emily! I'm fine. What's going on?
Emily: I'd like to ask you something... maybe a little unusual.
Giorgio: Oh God! No, Emily, I'm not gay. :D
Emily: Haha, no, it has to do with Daniele, Marco and their friends. They keep saying that going to the movies on a Saturday night is a thing for old and boring people. I love watching movies but it seems like all the Italian people I know here in Turin just want to go to clubs or get drunk or both, you know...
Giorgio: Yes, I know, but those guys are, well, I don't want to offend them so I'll just say they don't have a huge intellectual landscape.
Emily: You know, sometimes I miss my friends back in England. :P
Giorgio: I know, but if you want you can come to the Cinema Massimo with Martina, Francesco and me next Saturday. They will be playing the new Sorrentino film. Are you interested?
Emily: Of course I am! Thank you. :)
Giorgio: Obviously no grudge against Daniele and Marco, they are fine guys. ;)
Emily: Obviously. ;)
Summary: Emily is upset. She can't find a company for movies in Turin, because her peers think it's suitable for old people. Giorgio invites her to the cinema with Martina and Francesco next Saturday. 
Dialogue: Martha: Have your cats done any damage to your house?
Natalie: Well...
Natalie: They scratched our chairs so much the material looks devastated :(
Natalie: And the love biting cables
Natalie: They managed to bite through my MacBook charger, and my boyfriend's phone charger twice.
Martha: Haha. I haven't heard about cats eating cables.
Natalie: Well. You have now :)
Natalie: But since my boyfriend crafted them a big scratching pole, they stopped scratching chairs which is nice.
Martha: Good!
Summary: Natalie's cats have scratched the chairs in her house and bitten through phone and MacBook chargers. Her boyfriend crafted them a scratching pole to prevent them from damaging things in the house.
Dialogue: Todd: Please wake up and talk to me? Just for 5 minutes ?
Cheyanne: I'm sleeping
Todd: You're awake now to reply my message. Just 2 minutes
Summary: Todd wants to talk to Cheyanne, but she's sleeping and doesn't want to talk.
Dialogue: Harris: Hi Mr Steve how are you doing?
Steve: I am fine, Thank you.
Harris: i emailed you my assignment yesterday, can you please comment on it?
Steve: Yes i had a look at it, its good i need to discuss few things, firstly which format did you follow? its neither APA nor MLA.
Harris: I followed APA i would recheck it.
Steve: ok good because referencing is quite confusing. your content is good but formatting is not so good it needs to be appealing there are inconsistent spaces.
Harris: i will make changes,
Steve: Conclusion looks more like a summary.. its too lengthy and the point is not clear.
Harris: Ok thank you so much 
Steve: And i mentioned it clearly it has be New Times Roman size 12 , you used Ariel please go through the instructions again.
Harris: i am sorry about that. how much would you rate the assignment as of now
Steve: Right now its 5/10 because your main issue is formatting and the conclusion rest is good.
Harris: Thanks a lot Mr Steve I will make changes and submit before deadline.
Steve: Good luck.
Harris: Thanks
Steve: Your welcome.
Summary: Harris will have to make changes to his assignment for Steve.
Dialogue: Camilla: I can't find that post on Facebook. 
Camilla: the one Marie posted
Camilla: it's got a black background
Helena: hold on, I'm checking
Helena: I think I found it
Helena: <file_other>
Helena: this one?
Helena: try and click on it
Camilla: ok
Helena: did you try calling them too?
Camilla: not yet
Helena: ok
Helena: I noticed there are many comments
Camilla: ok the page loaded, yeah I can see all the comments
Helena: many people that seem to know about it
Helena: very sad 💔
Camilla: yeah
Summary: Helena helped Camilla to find Marie's Facebook post.
Dialogue: David: I have to share my unpopular opinion with you
David: Newborn kids are ugly. Don't argue since there's no point. 
David: Newborn kids are ugly af and people showng off their ugly babies on social media are mentally disabled people.
Jack: Hahaha. I've got your back.
Jack: I totally agree.
Jack: Social media exhibitionism has gone too far in my opinion.
David: I agree, but that's not the point.
David: Little kittens - cute
David: Puppies - cute
David: Little Panda - cute as fuck
David: But a human child is extremely ugly
David: Looking like a gnome leaving a mud cave
David: And I totally don't understand parents who post pictures of these  creatures.
Jack: ROFL
Jack: You made me laugh so hard i peed myself
David: hahahaha
Summary: David and Jack think newborn babies are ugly. They dislike the fact that parents so often share their babies' pictures via social media.
Dialogue: Samuel: Stop and look back!
Marianne: what?
Samuel: I'm behind you, wait!
Summary: Samuel is behind Marianne.
Dialogue: Kate: Hi Marta. On the way to meet us already?
Marta: Hi Kate. What's up? Yeah, will be on my way soon.
Kate: Maybe we can meet up on the way?
Marta: Sure we can! Where would you like us to meet?
Kate: I'm near Leclerc. Going by 110 bus to the Marymont subway station. 
Marta: OK, I can walk to Marymont. Will be there in 10 minutes. See ya then!
Summary: Kate and Marta will meet at Marymont subway station.
Dialogue: Edgar: Hey Leo
Leo: Hey! Happy to hear from you
Edgar: The pleasure is mine! Are you going to the dinner at Elizabeth's?
Leo: Yeah, sure, she wrote to me the other day.
Edgar: That's great! I'll be happy to see you
Leo: You might be able to see Cameron and Rosie as well
Edgar: Yeah, Elizabeth is throwing a grand party in my honor it seems
Leo: Ha ha ha Indeed
Edgar: I'll see you there then
Leo: Yep. See you soon
Edgar: Cheers
Leo: xx
Summary: Edgar and Leo will meet at the party that Elisabeth is throwing in Edgar's honor. 
Dialogue: Penny: I'm off to the client, will most likely be out the rest of the day.
Jacob: Okay, will hold down the fort!
Penny: Thanks. If anything comes up, you can text me. I may not answer right away.
Jacob: Gotcha.
Penny: Have a good day. Do you have plenty to do?
Jacob: Oh, yes. I'm still on that sorting project for you. Plus it's payroll day.
Penny: Ah, okay. I won't worry.
Jacob: Everything is under control!
Summary: Penny is leaving for a meeting with a client. Jacob is staying at the office and he has a lot of work.
Dialogue: Albert: hi everybody! we're meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am
Albert: please don't be late!
Owen: sooo early :O
Frederick: hi albert! ok, thanks for the info!
Owen: i'll try :D
Albert: owen... ;)
Caleb: hey, cool, i'll be there
Finlay: hey, hey
Finlay: i'm not sure atm if i'll be able to come ;/
Finlay: been feeling a bit sick since yesterday :(
Frederick: noo you have to come!
Caleb: yeah :O
Caleb: it's not gonna be the same without you, come on finlay!
Finlay: heh, i know, i'll let you know tomorrow morning i guess...
Albert: oh! fingers crossed!
Frederick: let us pray!
Caleb: :D
Finlay: :D
Summary: Albert, Owen, Frederick and Caleb are meeting tomorrow at the central railway station at 7am. Finlay isn't sure if he can come as he's been feeling a bit sick since yesterday. 
Dialogue: Gail: Y do u think that's ok?
Julia: 'cause I know her. She was speaking in general and not about anyone in particular.
Gail: Ru sure?
Julia: Yeah. Actually, she has this friend on Facebook... Joanna, I think... 
Gail: Yes, she does :)
Julia: Wow! Ur quick! Anyway, Joanna posts everything! And with pictures. As soon as she opens her eyes in the morning, she posts a good morning! And so on.
Gail: Now she's really hooked on Facebook.
Julia: Not only Facebook but all the hyped social media sites.
Gail: Rly?
Julia: Yeah. 
Gail: We'd never do that, right?
Julia: Never :)
Summary: She has a friend, Joanna, who posts a lot on social media. Gail and Julia would never do that. 
Dialogue: Sol: hey I wanted to buy this for Zoe
Sol: <file_photo>
Sol: tell me what you think
Johan: she'll love that :)
Johan: she only has 1 set of lego friends
Sol: ok :) I hope she lets me play with her hahaha
Summary: Sol wants to buy LEGO Friends for Zoe.
Dialogue: Aisha: Hi darling!
Sheila: Oh babes, I forgot to send you a card, congratulations on the baby!
Aisha: Don't worry, it's fine. Yes, we are both over the moon, it's been such a long time coming.
Sheila: Sure it'll be worth it, I love Barry's kids like they my own flesh and blood. And now there's the grandkids too.
Aisha: Didn't you ever want your own Sheila?
Sheila: No, not really. We didn't get together till our 40s and Barry had 3 kids already. I wasn't really bothered to be honest.
Aisha: Fair enough! Are we going out to celebrate. I thought a slap-up fish and chip supper would really hit the spot!
Sheila: Ha bloody ha! No, I fancy a nice Italian!
Aisha: Yes, that Marco at the Vesuvius is a bit of alright, isn't he! Seriously though, I'd love to go out all 4 of us again, you two are like my parents!
Sheila: God, you're full of compliments today arent you? Let's go to the Vesuvius then and us three can get nice and drunk while you sip your mineral water!
Aisha: You cruel woman! Friday, 8ish ok? 
Sheila: Well, that's one of our busiest times at the chippy, not sure. How about Sunday at 2ish?
Aisha: Yes, that would be lovely. I'll ring and book as it may well be a bit busy.
Sheila: Nice one! Well, see you Sunday at the restaurant?
Aisha: Bye love!
Summary: Sheila and Barry got together in their 40s and Barry had 3 kids already. They don't have their own children, but Sheila loves Barry's kids and grandkids as if they were hers. Aisha is pregnant. They're going to go to the Vesuvius and celebrate on Sunday around 2 o'clock. Aisha will book a table.
Dialogue: Owen: where are you?
Owen: you were supposed to buy a few beers and come back 
Mia: sorry, i've met Ethan, we went to the bar
Mia: how long have you been waiting?
Owen: TWO HOURS, Mia!!
Mia: ups, sorry, i must have lost track of time
Mia: i'll be back in half an hour
Mia: are you mad??
Owen: take a guess
Summary: Mia left to buy some beer. She met Ethan, they went for a couple of drinks. Owen has been waiting for her for 2 hours. Mia will come back in 30 minutes.
Dialogue: Angela: I have a craving for vanilla ice-cream.
Lucas: You want me to stop by the store on the way back from work?
Angela: If you could and if is not a problem.
Lucas: Of course is not a problem. As long as I can participate in eating the ice-cream, lol
Angela: I guess I can share.
Lucas: Any specific ones you want?
Angela: Yes, Manhattan.
Lucas: Big or small?
Angela: Big :-)
Lucas: Ok.
Summary: Lucas will buy vanilla ice-cream on Angela's request.
Dialogue: Anna: hey son
Anna: so how was it?
Anna: do you know how to ski now? :)
James: hey mom
James: a little bit :P
James: it was really great, the weather was awesome, and Rachel's dad was my tutor hehe
Anna: and you're coming back tomorrow?
James: yeah, around 5
James: I'll call you then
Anna: all righty :)
Summary: James is happy about his ski trip and comes back tomorrow around 5 o'clock.
Dialogue: Miles: what are you up this evening?
Zoe: once I finish working, i want to do NOTHING
Miles: oh hahahah i see!
Zoe: honestly, i'm so tired, i didn't get enough sleep!
Miles: i know, been there!
Zoe: how about you? any plans?
Miles: not really 
Zoe: should we do nothing together?
Miles: sure! we could binge watch something 
Zoe: sounds good! 
Summary: Zoe is very tired. She and Miles will watch TV together.
Dialogue: Ulle: Anybody wants to go with me to the town tomorrow?
Joan: I'm not in the village anyway
Ted: I could go with you, need to do a few things there
Ulle: great, could you drive my car as well?
Ted: LoL, I could, but why?
Ulle: I need to see a dentist and I'm not sure how I feel afterwards, so I may ask you to drive us back home
Ted: sure! No problem.
Ulle: I'll pick you up at 7.00AM
Ted: ok
Summary: Ulle will pick up Ted tomorrow at 7am for a trip to the dentist and town. 
Dialogue: Anna: hello, Jessica I got your name and number from Pat Smith, she told me you do some babysitting for her
Jessica: Hello, yes I do 
Anna: I want to talk to you about maybe sitting for us. we have two boys Jenson and jack 3 and 7. what is your rate?
Jessica: oh yes that be great!! I charge 10 dollars a hour. I go to university but most evenings im free!
Anna: would you happen to be free this Friday?
Jessica: yes, what time where you thinking?
Anna: maybe you could come 5pm so that way you can meet the boys and I can show u around and we can meet and talk little 
Jessica: yes that would great with me! 
Anna: Great! also how late is to late for you? we have spare room so u r more then welcome to stay over if you are ok with that 
Jessica: where do you guys live?
Anna: off 1-35 in berry creek
Jessica: oh actually I live here too hahah so its perfect! 
Anna: no way! hahah ok great well we can go over everything Friday! thanks again!
Jessica: no problem! see you Friday 
Summary: Jessica will come over to Anna on Friday at 5 pm to meet and talk about babysitting for Anna's children. She charges 10 dollar per hour a lives at off 1-35 in Berry Creek, and Anna lives there, too. 
Dialogue: Emily: Are you coming to my party on Saturday?
Alex: Of course :-)
Emily: What did you get me for my birthday?
Alex: If I told you it wouldn't be a surprise would it?
Emily: Guess not... but I'm really curious.
Emily: I could do with some new books to read (hint, hint)
Alex: I'll keep that in mind ;-)
Summary: Alex confirmed his presence to Emily's birthday party on Saturday. She suggested to him to offer her some new books as a present.
Dialogue: Kori: I need a car today in the morning
Leandro: Oh common I need to be at work earlier!!
Kori: And I have a doctor’s appointment at 7 AM
Leandro: Why haven’t you told me before ;/
Kori: Tbh I forgot, I checked by calendar today and the appointment was there
Leandro: Are you at least ready for it?
Kori: Yes I am, I reviewed everything, prepared the tests results, I have all I need
Leandro: Why is it so early?
Kori: Because at the same time I need to take another blood test, long story
Leandro: You forgot to do it as well -_-
Kori: Nooo that’s what my doctor required from me, I can’t do anything about it.
Leandro: Okay, I guess Ill take the train, next time please tell me such things in advance
Kori: I knoooow, I’m sorry, it won’t happen again <3
Leandro: I hope so
Kori: I love youuu :*
Summary: Kori needs a car, because she has a doctor's appointment at 7 AM. Leandro will take the train to work today.
Dialogue: Jazlyn: OMG I am so freaking sorry ive been studying for my final all weekend/this week ;__;
Luciano: It’s fine, how are you??
Jazlyn: Im fine ;__; tomorrows the final and i'll finally be done for now 
Jazlyn: untill february Lol
Jazlyn: but how are you feeling?
Jazlyn: are you feeling any better <3
Luciano: It’s a bit complicated, I’ll tell you after work
Jazlyn: Okay ;__; <3 <3
Luciano: OK so basically sometimes I just feel super tired and hopeless, disappointed with myself because I can’t change my life all at once
Luciano: Some things are getting easier, so I think I’m managing to build better habits, gradually
Luciano: But of course it’s slower than I’d like to and I still mess up in a lot of ways
Summary: Jazlyn has been busy this week studying for her final examination tomorrow. Luciano still feels unstable in his self-assessment but has started to develop better habits.
Dialogue: Anna: Have you walked the dog?
Theresa: yes! can we go now?
Lia: please! it's starting in 30 min
Anna: now you can :)
Summary: Theresa walked the dog, so she can go now.
Dialogue: Oti: hi girls, I called a mac store and they do sell gift cards so we can buy one for Sharon
Oti: please tell me what you think
Florence: okay how much is it?
Brittany: but shell be able to use it online right?
Oti: I think so... let me check
Florence: yes its for standalone stores and online
Brittany: oti can you buy it?
Brittany: theres a shop next to your office
Oti: yes I know
Oti: I'll buy it tomorrow
Florence: do you need money now?
Oti: no you can give me cash on friday
Oti: £100?
Florence: okay
Brittany: perfect
Summary: Oti will buy a £100 gift card for Sharon tomorrow. Florence and Brittany will him cash on Friday.
Dialogue: Michael: where the fuck have you been?
Michael: I was waiting for you for an hour but you never showed up!
Chase: fuck, I forgot, sorry ‘bout that
Michael: asshole 
Chase: sorry, mate. It wasn’t my fault
Michael: hahahah
Chase: I swear!
Michael: dude, I was waiting for you for an hour!!!!!
Chase: <file_gif>
Michael: <file_gif>
Chase: what the fuck is this?
Michael: guess
Chase: <file_photo>
Summary: Michael spent an hour waiting for Chase who did not show up.
Dialogue: Billie: have you heard the new song of Michael Jackson?
Jean: new song of Michael Jackson? 
Jean: man, he's dead 
Billie: I know 
Billie: but they are still making money with his songs and release new ones 
Jean: I think it's not real Michael 
Jean: he had to do everything perfectly 
Billie: yeah I know there new songs are completely different 
Summary: Michael Jackson's new songs may not be really his.
Dialogue: Chloe: Hi Daisy!!!
Daisy: Hi, Chloe? What's up?
Chloe: You busy Saturday?
Daisy: Not especially. Why?
Chloe: I need a new dress.
Daisy: So, you wanna go shopping:=)
Chloe: Yep.
Daisy: I am in. Pick me up around 10?
Chloe: Be there. See you.
Summary: Chloe and Daisy go shopping on Saturday. Chloe will pick up Daisy around 10. 
Dialogue: Yani: Did you play the new candy?
Heather: Nope. I loaded it and didn't like how it looked. Very childish. You?
Yani: I thought the same. I tried, but didn't like it. Uninstalled. Not for me.
Heather: I'm hearing the same from others.
Yani: They really cocked it up!
Heather: Yep! Don't like it at all.
Yani: Onward and upward!
Heather: Indeed!
Summary: Heather, Yani and others think the new Candy Crush game is childish and they dislike it.
Dialogue: Larry: Tom, I still owe you 20 bucks
Tom: Really? I don't remember XD
Larry: Yeah, you paid for me at the bar yesterday
Tom: Oh, right
Larry: When can I give you those 20 bucks?
Tom: No hurry, man
Larry: But tell me, it's important
Tom: A Larry Stern always pays his debts?
Larry: Hahahahah, yeah
Tom: Ok, I'll be at Joe's later today, around 5
Larry: Ok
Tom: But I don't need those 20 bucks, really
Larry: No way!
Tom: Sigh... ok
Summary: Larry and Tom are going to meet today at Joe's, around 5 o'clock. Larry is going to pay 20 dollars back to Tom. He owes them because Tom paid for him at a bar yesterday.
Dialogue: Michelle: hello Sara, how are you doing?
Sarah: I am good, how about you?
Michelle: good thanks 🙂
Michelle: I am organizing a photo-shoot next week to prepare my portfolio as a personal shopper, and would love if you could participate.
Sarah: yes totally! give me the deets
Michelle: oh thanks! 🙌
Michelle: so, I have booked a photographer and a location in a beautiful private hotel
Sarah: fancy 😁
Michelle: lol yeah, it really costs an arm and a leg, but it is worth it.
Sarah: for sure.
Michelle:  we will meet on Wednesday at around 4, is that OK for you?
Sarah: hum that can work, I will just have to rearrange my schedule for my deliveries. But we can work it out.
Michelle: thank you, I really appreciate it. Can you give me your size in shoes and shoes?
Sarah: yeah, I wear M / 38. and size 38 in shoes.
Michelle: perfect, so let me know if you have any questions! can't wait😘
Sarah: can't wait too! been a long time since I have done a photo shoot.
Summary: Sarah will take part in a photo-shoot next week. Michelle is organizing it to prepare her portfolio as a personal shopper. Michelle booked a photographer and a location in a beautiful private hotel. Michelle and Sarah will meet on Wednesday at around 4 p.m. Sarah wears size M and shoes in size 38.
Dialogue: Gina: I just watched the new Outlander
Olivia: And? How is it?
Gina: I had to fast forward it by the end cause I couldn't stand how slushy it was
Olivia: Oh now, I was so looking forward to this!!
Gina: I know. But it's like a harlequin with a really, really bad dialogues
Olivia: That sounds awful. And the first season was so good, right?
Gina: Yes, it was. I kind of think of rewatching it.
Olivia: We should do like a marathon!!
Gina: Dinna fash lassie
Olivia: Jamie <3
Gina: <file_gif>
Olivia: yummmyyy
Gina: :D
Olivia: <3
Summary: Gina hated the new outlander. Gina and Olivia want to rewatch the first season together.
Dialogue: Jim: Hey man
Jack: Hey
Jim: How did the exam go?
Jack: Oh, it was ok, I expected to be harder
Jim: Good for you!
Jack: Heh, I know
Jim: What about a beer with the guys tonight?
Jack: Ok for me!
Jim: By the way, did Bert pass his physics exam?
Jack: Yes he did, he got the top mark
Jim: Wow! Good for him too
Jack: Yeah, too bad he won't join us because he doesn't drink
Jim: Lol
Summary: Jack's exam was ok. Bert passed his physics exam with the top mark. Jack and Jim will have a beer tonight, but Bert won't join because he doesn't drink. 
Dialogue: Turner: which gym do you use guys
Langston: lol i dont
Mortimer: i go to mcfit
Turner: any good?
Mortimer: pretty yeah. i mean not very expensive and open 24/7
Turner: equipment?
Mortimer: id say normal. all new and good condition tho
Elliot: i go to slimgym but frankly am going to quit
Turner: oh why
Elliot: the staff mainly. very very unhelpful
Mortimer: i heard that too.
Summary: Turner wants to join a gym. Mortimer recommends mcfit, Elliot advises against slimgym. 
Dialogue: Olaf: Guess who's that
Olaf: <file_photo>
Patrick: You bastard!
Patrick: You promissed you'll delete that fucked up photo hahaha
Olaf: Yeah, but I was drunk
Olaf: So it doesn't count :D
Patrick: You sure? Fine, then look at this
Patrick: <file_video>
Olaf: It's so embarrassing...
Olaf: xD
Olaf: I guess we have a tie!
Summary: Olaf sends an embarrassing picture of Patrick even though he promised to delete it. Patrick sends him an embarrassing video in return. They're even.
Dialogue: Joan: Where do you live actually
Miley: Waterbury
Joan: Nebraska?
Miley: Connecticut of course
Joan: the Brass City!
Miley: hahah, yes! how come you know it?
Joan: I had a boyfriend from Connecticut 
Miley: nice:)
Summary: Miley lives in Connecticut. Joan had a boyfriend from Connecticut. 
Dialogue: Connor: Are we going to the lecture today?
Samantha: What lecture?
Connor: haha, you never know what's going on at the uni, do you?
Samantha: yeahhh, I am not good at that...
Connor: There is a lecture of Lucy Nicholas today.
Samantha: The professor from Melbourne?
Connor: yes, University of Swinburne. 
Samantha: What will she talk about? Do you know?
Connor: here is some info: <file_other>
Samantha: Queer theory
Connor: Officially it's a workshop titled "Post Gender Queer Ethics"
Samantha: Oh, then it can be actually useful for me.
Connor: so let's go there, at 4pm at the cafeteria.
Samantha: ok, see you later.
Summary: Samantha and Connor will go to the lecture on queer ethics at 4pm.
Dialogue: Liam: I am looking for a gift for mum for her birthday
Eva: Do you have any ideas?
Liam: <file_photo>
Eva: not a scale!! for a woman struggling with her weight, come on
Liam: Oh, right. then I don't know
Eva: Maybe a weekend in spa?
Liam: Could be!
Eva: <file_other>
Liam: That looks really good!
Eva: a bit expensive though
Liam: we could ask some other people to chip in, aunt Stella?
Eva: That's a possibility
Liam: or
Eva: ?
Liam: <file_other>
Eva: her favorite theatre <3
Liam: So which option?
Eva: I would go for the theatre tickets cause it could be just for us
Liam: Okay
Eva: <file_gif>
Summary: Liam is looking for a present for his mother's birthday.
Dialogue: Russ: Hey, are you going trick or treatin' tonight?
Jody: Yeah, just have to put some finishing touches on my costume.
Russ: Cool, what are you going to be?
Jody: A witch, naturally.
Russ: hehe...fits you
Jody: Shut up! LOL
Jody: How about you?
Russ: I'll surprise you.
Jody: Ok, probably someone in uniform, right?
Russ: You'll see. Talk to you later.
Jody: Bye
Summary: Russ and Jody are celebrating Halloween tonight. Jody is going to be a witch. Russ wants to surprise Jody, so he doesn't tell anything about his costume.
Dialogue: Charlie: Should we buy the flights? It's Black Friday!
Robin: Yup, maybe it would be good to do it today.
Charlie: But where do we want to go?
Robin: Wherever there's sun!!!!
Charlie: I've just seen some 150$ one way to Curacao 
Robin: if it's 300$ return, we're taking it man!
Charlie: I can book them, you'll book the hotel.
Robin: Deal!
Charlie: WOW. That was smooth!
Robin: I'm an easy companion, I told you!
Summary: Charlie will book tickets to Curacao. Robin will book the hotel. It's Black Friday so the tickets are 150$ one way. 
Dialogue: Mariana: Morning
Holden: Morning
Mariana: How is feeling my Pilot today?
Holden: Still sick but getting better slowly
Mariana: Good
Summary: Holden is slowly getting better from sickness.
Dialogue: Tory: i think id like to learn play guitar
Vernon: cool. always been my dream too
Palmer: i kind of used to play
Tory: oh ye? never hear you play
Palmer: old days. dont think i can play now at all
Tory: i'd love to hear you play Palm
Vernon: get'im drunk. he'll get to play
Palmer: in a way. if i lose control
Tory: cool guys. 2moro my place 9pm. no excuses
Summary: Palmer used to play guitar and tory wants to learn. Torry invited Vernon and Palmer over to her place tomorrow at 9 pm.
Dialogue: Matt: I don't know what to write for this essay
Raf: Ye me neither
Raf: The prof is too tough 
Raf: and doesn't teach anything
Jake: I haven't started either
Jake: How long does it have to be? 
Raf: 15 pages 
Matt: Are you shitting on me? 
Raf: Nope
Matt: Oh my gosh 
Raf: I have to start writing it today
Raf: Idk why I took philosophy haha
Matt: Ye its so boring I wonder why we all took it 
Summary: Matt and Raf don't know what to write in their essays in philosophy. They need to write 15 pages. They wonder why they took philosophy.
Dialogue: Yvonne: Hi! Can you tell my father that he should come at 5 not at 4 pm.
Iona: He's in town now but I can send him a message.
Iona: Actually why don't you text him?
Yvonne: I did and asked him to call me back but he hasn't read my message.
Iona: That's strange. He is always so fast in replying. Wait a sec!
Iona: Just found his mobile! He's forgotten to take it along.
Yvonne: Oh sugar! Can you leave him a message at home to read when he's back?
Iona: Sure I can but I don't think he'll be coming home before visiting you. He was saying something about driving on to Bretton.
Yvonne: That's too bad. Nobody will be here at 4.
Iona: Hasn't he got a spare key to your place?
Yvonne: He does but quite unlikely he's got it on him. Could you please check if it is on its key hook?
Iona: I'm already on the train to B'ham.
Yvonne: Oh blast!!! I guess I have to leave the key with the neighbours and put a note for him on the door. I'd hate him standing in the cold and dark here and not knowing what's going on.
Iona: Sounds a sensible solution.
Summary: Yvonne is trying to reach her dad to let him know to come at 5 instead of 4 as no one will be in. As she nor Iona can reach him, she will leave a key with the neighbours and a note on the door. 
Dialogue: Tom: Where are you?
Charles: I'm at the spire 
Elisabeth: I'm coming! Give me 5 min
Tom: ok, I can see you, Charles!
Summary: Tom is meeting up with Charles and Elisabeth.
Dialogue: Leo: good evening Padre. A small hello from Berlin where we're nicely settled since septembre. We missed Roma, his church, his parishioners and his priest. We often think about you. I hope you're fine. Regards Leo
Padre: Ciao mi cari!! thanks a lot. But you must turn the page.. We're far away but charity bring us closer. Here the life is still the same, people change but your Padre still the same. I embrace you all
Leo: Christmas thought . Leo
Padre: Ciao, grazie. Holly christmas to you all. Padre
Summary: Leo and Padre are exchanging greetings and Christmas wishes.
Dialogue: Ken: hi guys, Ivy's birthday is coming up, wanna chip in to buy her something nice?
Otis: sure!
Elen: yes!
Liam: absolutely! does anyone have an idea what to buy
Ken: i was thinking of buying her a weekend in a spa
Elen: so nice! I approve this :) and am a bit jealous!
Liam: agree, great idea, how much does it cost?
Ken: that's the deal, quite a lot, that is why i need your help, can you think of anyone else who would like to join us?
Otis: yes, sure, I'll add them to the conversation
Elen: same, let me think
Liam: i can help with that as well!
Ken: thanks guys! 
Liam: no problemo!! 
Elen: you can count on us ;)
Otis: <file_gif>
Summary: Ivy's birthday is coming up. Ken suggests buying her a weekend in a spa, but it's expensive, so they need more people to chip in.
Dialogue: Marika: There were a lot of ambulances on the street on the way home
Orna: I saw them as well why were they there?
Marika: As I heard from the news, huge accident happened 
Orna: Like how huge??
Marika: One bus driver got so pissed at a driver blocking in front of his bus 
Marika: So he fought with this driver on the street
Orna: But why so many ambulances, not police cars?
Marika: Cause the driver didn't move his car and the bus driver was so pissed that he pushed that car 
Marika: And then 9 cars as well ahead of that car
Orna: WTF!
Marika: A lot of people got injured
Orna: What a bastard! He couldn't control himself?
Marika: He keeps insisting he wanted to pushed only the first car and suddenly brake didn't work after he did that
Orna: But again, wtf really his job is taking care of the passengers, not driving like a devil from the hell
Marika: That's what I mean
Orna: He is a killer 
Marika: Yes he is!!!! 
Marika: I wish him the heaviest sentence!
Orna: I totally agree. 
Orna: Drivers like him should be in jail and reflect himself for all his life
Summary: The bus driver injured many people by pushing other cars.
Dialogue: Miriam: we're going to L’Escale tonight, wanna join?
Jean: just for a walk?
Jean: or some other plans as well?
Miriam: I thought about a walk, but we can do some other stuff as well of course
Cecil: about 19?
Amanda: I would start at 17, before the sun sets
Amanda: then we could have dinner
Miriam: but where?
Amanda: Moonlight?
Miriam: great idea! I haven't been there for ages!
Jean: I would prefer to eat in the African Quarter
Miriam: but any ideas?
Jean: Chez Youssouf 
Miriam: I don't know it
Jean: really?
Jean: then we have to go there tonight! Youssouf have amazing food
Jean: you'll love it!
Cecil: the Austrian guy from my office recommended it to me once
Jean: because it's genial
Miriam: ok! let's do it
Summary: Miriam, Cecil, Amanda and Jean are going to eat in Chez Youssouf in the African Quarter tonight. 
Dialogue: Zoe: I found this ad in the newspaper and thought of you
Zoe: <file_photo>
Zoe: <file_photo>
Zoe: It says no qualifications needed
Ursula: Ah nice!
Ursula: Which paper was it in?
Zoe: Yesterday's Daily Mail
Ursula: I missed that one..
Ursula: Looks interesting
Ursula: I'll find out more..
Zoe: Yeah it's not often you see this kind
Zoe: Not in this area anyway
Ursula: No definitely not 
Ursula: Thanks for spotting it
Zoe: Np ;)
Summary: Zoe found a job advertisement for Ursula in yesterday's Daily Mail.
Dialogue: Nora: We're going to have dinner tonight with Jeff, anybody wants to join us?
Clara: Should anybody join you? 🙊
Jerome: LOL, cheeky Clara
Jeff: it would be nice to see you guys
Clara: I may come over, where is it?
Jerome: me 2, me 2!!!
Nora: Jerome, you and your unconventional use of the chat
Jerome: is it annoying?
Nora: I really dislike people doing it :P
Jerome: whatever, we can talk tonight about that
Summary: Nora and Jeff are going to have dinner tonight. Clara and Jerome will join them.
Dialogue: Jasmine: Hey Eddie! How’s your learning process?
Eddie: I think I may be ok on this course. Of 16 people I was one of 4 to successfully log in to my PC with no issues...
Brooke: We’re so proud 😂😂😂👍
Jasmine: Did they teach you how to print? Because the printer doesn’t work again.
Eddie: No, not yet. But I know how the printer looks like.
Summary: Eddie has learned to log in to his PC without issues. He has not learned how to use a printer, though.
Dialogue: Wendy: Anything interesting on Netflix lately?
Wendy: I want to binge watch a good series.
Gina: Hmmm... Black Mirror?
Wendy: I've seen it already. :-(
Gina: Did you like it?
Wendy: Loved it! :-)
Gina: Jack Ryan?
Wendy: Don't know him.. who is he?
Gina: It's a series, silly! :-)
Wendy: What is it about?
Gina: A good spy thriller. Worth a watch.
Wendy: Not really into thrillers and spies. Any other suggestions?
Gina: Last Kingdom?
Wendy: I've seen it.
Gina: But have you seen the latest series?
Wendy: Not sure. Will check it out cause I did like it.
Gina: Do. It is maybe not as good as the first series but still worth watching.
Wendy: Thanks for the tip. Will binge watch accordingly. :-)
Gina: Let me know what you think. xo
Summary: Wendy is looking for a show recommendation on Netflix. Gina suggests a number of shows and Wendy decides to watch the latest season of Lost Kingdom.
