Dialogue: Barbara: Hi my friend, thank you for the pics. Your garden looks a dream!
Mona: Hi Babs! Thanks. Are you well?
Barbara: Yeah... Just working my way thru the backlog of 3 weeks worth of correspondence. BORING
Mona: But no bad news or something?
Barbara: No, just admin. And it's raining buckets! Better your end, I presume?
Mona: Not so bad here. Lower 20s, partly cloudy. We'll be going to visit Mocaa later today.
Barbara: I'm having a blonde moment! What is Mocca?
Mona: This new museum in Cape Town. Museum of Contemporary African Art.
Barbara: But of course. Stupid me!
Mona: LOL. I should know such things. You are an arty crafty beast!
Barbara: Rather nasty pasty.
Mona: ROFL
Barbara: I think I have to get back to my work now.
Mona: Sure. I don't want to keep you.
Barbara: No prob. Be good!
Mona: XXXX
Summary: Barbara is reading 3 weeks' worth of administrative correspondence. It's raining heavily where Barbara is. It's warm and partly cloudy where Mona is. Mona is visiting Museum of Contemporary African Art later today. Barbara has to get back to work.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi, I've got the face cream samples you ordered 
Maya: Oh, great
Jonna: I forgot about it
Alex: I can bring them to the next fitness class
Maya: That'd be great
Maya: Thanks
Jonna: Did you pay for them? 
Alex: They were free
Jonna: great, I'll get them at the classes
Jonna: Thanks
Summary: Alex will bring the free face cream samples for Maya and Jonna to the next fitness class.
Dialogue: Layla: What's up?
Madison: Nothing exciting. Working on a project.
Layla: What kind of project?
Layla: A school one?
Madison: Yeah, about extinct languages of Lapland.
Layla: OMG! Sound's pretty boring... Good luck then!
Summary: Madison is working on a school project about extinct languages of Lapland.
Dialogue: Daria: I can't find you
Stefano: we are at the rear
Isabel: go around the edifice
Daria: "edifice"? don't speak Oxford to me, please
Isabel: hahahah
Summary: Stefano and Isabel are at the back of the building. Daria is looking for them.
Dialogue: Jason: Hey gorgeous
Polly: Hey there
Jason: Wanna try something new today?
Polly: Any specifics?
Jason: <file_gif>
Jason: I’m thinking role play
Jason: You in?
Polly: Now you’re talkin!
Polly: <file_other> Wanna be my sexy police officer?
Jason: hahaha actually I thought you could be my dirty nurse
Polly: <file_photo> like this one?
Jason: Wow
Polly: Challenge accepted!
Summary: Jason and Polly want to do some role play during their sexy time today. Polly will be Jason's dirty nurse.
Dialogue: Cristina: please remember about antibiotic
Terry: ok I will
Cristina: 10ml in one hour
Terry: ok dont worry
Cristina: call me in case you have any doubts
Terry: just go and dont worry! :)
Summary: Cristina reminds Terry about the antibiotic.
Dialogue: Kent: don't have money
Kent: and Ellen have birthday soon
Kent: no idea what to do
Russel: don't worry
Russel: she loves u, she will be happy with anything
Russel: just spend the day with her
Kent: maybe u r right
Summary: Kent is worried as it is Ellens birthday soon and he doesn't have any money. Russel suggests they just spend the day together. 
Dialogue: Windy: I need geography notes pls anybody
Rod: 2day?
Windy: yeah i missed the class for PS club meeting
Rod: no i mean do you need to get them today?
Windy: ah no, 2moro will be fine too
Onslow: ill be in your area 2nite so can pickem up
Windy: thx but ru sure i can read you?
Onslow: it's not printed tho yea i guess its legible
Rod: i can send a scan too 
Windy: oh thx guys i luv ya both
Summary: Rod and Onslow help Windy to get geography notes as she has missed a class. 
Dialogue: Al: Ben, I can't find my key to room 122
Ben: Oh
Al: I got into the classroom while you were leaving and probably put it on the desk just before you left. I only saw it was missing at the end of the class... can you check if you took both keys when you left the room?
Ben: Let me see
Al: Ok
Ben: Ouch, yeah, I just found your key in my pocket...
Al: That's ok, I'll just tell the janitor, they only have two keys
Ben: Ok, I'll be at the university tomorrow and will hand it back
Al: Ok, thanks
Ben: By the way, wanna drink a beer after work tomorrow? It's on me since all this trouble is my fault
Al: Fine for me! And we both made a mistake... but hey, if it's on you it's on you, haha!
Ben: Ok, see you tomorrow then
Al: Ok, bye
Summary: Al can't find a key to room 122. Ben accidentally took it. He'll bring it back to the university tomorrow.
Dialogue: David: Hi, I won't be able to make tonight's lesson.
Frank: OK. Shall we reschedule for this week?
David: I can't as I have other things planned.
David: Let's just make it next week- same time next Friday.
Frank: OK.
David: Can you please email me all the materials that we were going to cover tonight.
Frank: I'm not home ATM but when I come back I will email you some exercises and worksheets.
David: Great. Thanks!
Frank: The other thing is that I would prefer that in the future you let me know at least 24hours in advance if you intend to cancel.
David: I'll try but it is not always possible.
Frank: I understand that but in the grand scheme of things I do set this time aside in my schedule for you so it would be fair to let me know.
David: I understand.
Frank: Otherwise it is really difficult to schedule and plan my work time.
David: But you can always teach another student tonight.
Frank: I'm afraid that it doesn't work that way. I can't just ring people and ask them to reschedule just because you cancelled.
David: Why not?
Frank: Because it means that they will have to reschedule their plans.
Frank: And that would be really unfair.
David: I see what you mean. 
Summary: David cancels tonight's lesson with Frank. They will meet same time next Friday. Frank will email him the materials meant to cover tonight. In the future, David needs to inform Frank about canceling at least 24 hours in advance. 
Dialogue: Taylor: Will you watch Ben10 tonight?
Owen: I would not be at home tonight
Taylor: Oh :/
Summary: Owen will not watch Ben10 tonight, as he will not be at home.
Dialogue: Peyton:<file_photo>
Leo: lol how old are we on this pic?
Peyton: 16,17...? this pic is sooo old!
Leo: i'm so glad we don't look like this anymore... puberty hit us like a truck :D
Peyton: thanks god :D
Summary: Leo and Peyton are glad that they do not look like they did at the age of 16 or 17.
Dialogue: Julia: Wanna go to theatre? 
Marie: Lol, we never go to theatre 
Janice: exactly, we're perfectly uncultured people
Julie: ahaha, I found 4 tickets on the pavement today
Janice: what is it?
Julie: Something by Ibsen
Julia: "Nora"
Marie: God, I used to love Ibsen when I was in high school
Julie: so let's go!
Summary: Julie found 4 tickets for Ibsen's 'Nora' on the pavement today. Julie, Julia, Marie and Janice are going to the theatre.
Dialogue: Mary: Do you think that it could be a sign that we should meet more people?
John: Yep, I think so. We've not been getting along well recently
Mary: Are breaking up with me?
John: Let's meet and I'll explain you everything
Mary: Sure, when?
John: Tomorrow, ok?
Mary: Ok
Summary: John and Mary have not been getting along recently. They are meeting tomorrow to talk.
Dialogue: Regan: Hey. Have you been to any concerts recently?
Otto: Yeah I attended One Direction last weekend
Regan: Why didnt you tell me
Otto: I was with my family
Regan: You could tell me atleast
Otto: Dont worry, it would be in LA next week
Regan: Cant wait :(
Summary: Otto went to One Direction concert with his family last weekend. He didn't tell Regan. The next concert is in LA next week.
Dialogue: Thomas: <file_photo>
Thomas: I'm waiting at the doctor for my turn
Thomas: And I totally believe that health care needs radical  reforms
Jason: Every public service in our country needs radical reform
Jason: The more you use these services, the more you realize that.
Thomas: You've got the point
Summary: Thomas is waiting for his turn at the doctor's. Thomas and Jason agree that all public services in their country need radical reform.
Dialogue: Gloria: Can we meet at 4? I forgot about my dancing classes at 5:30
Margaret: 4:15?
Gloria: If that makes any difference
Margaret: Yes, I need some time to get back from uni.
Gloria: Alright, see ya!
Summary: Gloria and Margaret will meet at 4:15.
Dialogue: Zoe: <file_other>
Zoe: the ranking list at last!!!!!
Eveline: wat? I'm checking it
Irma: me too
Zoe: did you ladies get it? cause I don't know your index number
Irma: yes!!!!!!!!!!
Eveline: me too!! money money money B-)
Zoe: at last...after 3 years of hard work and nights spent on learning shit
Eveline: we gotta celebrate that
Irma: indeed we should B-)
Summary: Zoe, Eveline and Irma are checking the ranking list they've been waiting for.
Dialogue: Monica: Have you seen Grace and Frankie? Jane Fonda looks stunning! How is it even possible?
Eve: I know right?
Julia: She must have sold her soul to some kind of devil
Monica: Guys, I just googled her - she's 81!!!
Monica: who do I need to kill to look like that when I'm old?!
Julia: Didn't she have a plastic surgery?
Eve: Probably not just one, but still. Most of the actresses end up looking like monsters and she's still a goddess
Julia: I watched the trailer, it looks pretty cool
Monica: the show's great! It's sweet and warm
Julia: How is it possible than she's so fit? She looks better than I do and I'm just 30!
Eve: So unfair
Monica: I think she exercises more now than we ever did :P Funny enough she's playing a 70 year old that's told she looks 60 and she's actually 80. Crazy
Eve: I wonder if Angelina Jolie will age this well too
Eve: Omg the plot sounds crazy
Monica: hahahah I thought so too at the beginning, but... it's not improbable, is it?
Julia: well, with that generation and so many closeted men
Eve: But they surprisingly civil about it. I'd probably kill my dad for something like that
Monica: For being gay? Really?
Eve: for doing something like that to my mum!
Julia: technically they didn't do anything, it wasn't their choice to be gay and then it wasn't really a choice if you want to marry or not
Monica: Watch the show, they show that it's not easy for them, but they have to get used it
Summary: Monica has seen 'Grace and Frankie'. She likes Jane Fonda and is impressed by her looks. 
Dialogue: Kate: Mark, who is this Samantha texting you ?
Mark: Which Samantha. I know many of them
Kate: The one who wrote "You are the sunshine of my life" or "I can't wait to see you again" !
Mark: Sounds like song lyrics, no ?
Kate: Don't play stupid with me. Mark, you're cheating on me!
Mark: Kate, it was just a joke, it is only a colleague
Kate: And you're making love with your colleage ?
Mark: It was only once
Kate: John, I want to divorce
Summary: Kate wants to know what Samantha is texting Mark and sending him phrases like "You are the sunshine of my life" or "I can't wait to see you again". Samantha is just a colleague. Mark made love with her once. Kate wants a divorce. 
Dialogue: Sebastian: Idk what to dress up for Halloween
Jack: Captain Morgan haha
Sebastian: I was him a few years ago xd
Jack: Really? 
Jack: You're lying
Sebastian: No, I am not lying
Jack: Well then
Jack: Dress up as Captain Morgan again then
Sebastian: I think I still have the costume 
Sebastian: No one really remembers anyway 
Sebastian: That I was captain Morgan 
Jack: exactly 
Sebastian: K thanks bro 
Jack: np
Summary: Sebastian is going to dress up for Halloween as Captain Morgan again.
