Dialogue: Huey: hi there, what's up?
Luie: hi!
Luie: nothing special. Work work work
Huey: same for me
Huey: lots of work and nowhere near the end of it
Luie: thats it, bro
Huey: I really need a holiday
Huey: maybe next month
Luie: where?
Huey: doesnt matter
Huey: somewhere nice and away from it
Luie: ;)
Luie: I see
Huey: ;)
Summary: Huey and Luie have been working a lot and need a vacation.
Dialogue: Ruth: I am extremely disappointed with you, Daniel.
Dan: Yes, mom?
Ruth: We will have a serious conversation when I get back. Your grades are absolutely unacceptable.
Dan: I'm trying mom...
Ruth: No too hard from what I see. I'm taking away the xbox.
Dan: No!! Please!!
Ruth: When are you going to learn that there are certain priorities in life
Dan: I know mom, I'm really REALLY trying
Ruth: When was the last time you studied in the evening instead of playing games?
Dan: I did my homework yesterday.
Ruth: You spent 5 minutes on it and did half of the task.
Dan: I need my xbox mom.
Ruth: You need to be more responsible! We'll talk at home!
Summary: Ruth wants to talk to her son Dan about his unacceptable grades. Dan is trying but Ruth reckons he isn't trying hard enough. Dan did half of the task in 5 min yesterday. Ruth wants Dan to be more responsible so she is taking away the xbox.
Dialogue: Lia: guys, I know you're into Japanese literature
Lia: can you recommend anything?
Miko: Have you ever ready anything Japanese?
Lia: not really, a bit of Murakami
Miko: And?
Lia: I didn't like it a lot
Miko: I'm not a fan of Murakami either
Michael: really, God, I thought I'm the only one who doesn't like Haruki Murakami
Michael: because the other Murakami is amazing
Lia: the other Murakami?
Michael: Yes, Ryu Murakami, you may try to read him
Pieter: I like Osamu Dazai a lot, especially "Setting Sun"
Michael: Mishima is also amazing
Michael: but "Setting Sun" is a very good beginning indeed
Miko: I would also recommend you to read Kawabata
Miko: he was the first Japanese novelist to get the Nobel Prize
Lia: oh, that's a recommendation!
Miko: hehe, I can even lend you a book of his
Miko: "the Sound of the Mountain"
Lia: great! thanks
Miko: i'll bring it tomorrow
Summary: Lia wants to start reading Japanese literature. She didn't like Haruki Murakami. Michael, Miko and Pieter recommend her Ryu Murakami, Osamu Dazai, especially his "Setting Sun", Mishima and Kawabata. 
Dialogue: Rachel: Where is my tissot watch?
Wendy: i am wearing it
Rachel: what? how can you ?? without asking me
Wendy: because i am your sister :P
Rachel: hate youuuu
Summary: Wendy took Rachel's watch without her permission.
Dialogue: Rob: Who’s going to the cinema to see Venom?
Sam: I am. Wanna go together?
Rob: Yeah, sure! Anyone else?
Julie: Count me in!
Emma: and me me! Xxx
Toby: I wanna go too!
Summary: Rob, Sam, Julie, Emma and Toby will go to the cinema to see Venom together.
Dialogue: Mary: Hurry up the movie is starting!
Evan: I'm almost there
Jack: Me too
Summary: Evan and Jack will arrive soon.
Dialogue: Samantha: hey
Samantha: just wanted to thank you
R.city: its nothing, we all love music, we do it for love
Samantha: still, thanks for attending my solo launch
R.city: anytime samantha
Samantha: see you soon
R.city: i'm sure we will
Summary: R.city attended Samantha's solo launch. Samantha will probably see R.city soon.
Dialogue: Johnny: Dad, I have supplementary lessons today.
Johnny: You don’t need to pick me up.
Johnny: I will take bus and go home after the class with my friend.
Tod: That sounds great! (@^^)/~~~(@^^)/~~~(@^^)/~~~
Tod: Because your dad is with his friend now (*^0^*)
Johnny: Drinking? Dad?
Tod: No. Not yet. But now that I don't need to pick you up, I am going to!!(^^)!
Johnny: How much?(p_-)
Tod: Only 1 glass. Don’t tell your mum. Okay?............
Johnny: 😁😁😁vvvvvvv
Summary: Johnny has some extra class after school so he will come back home by himself by bus. His father Tod may therefore drink a pint with his friend.
Dialogue: Joanne: should I bring anything?
Joanne: call mum, she wants to know if you need anything
Olivia: ok, I told her not to bother
Olivia: I was thinking about preparing some baked pasta, I think I have everything
Paul: I'll bring wine, red, dry, two bottles
Joanne: thanks Paul!
Joanne: do we need rocket?
Olivia: yeah, why not, I'll add it, thanks
Joanne: what time will you be there?
Paul: 3 pm
Olivia: Me too, I'll buy a cake on my way there
Summary: Olivia will call her mother. Olivia will prepare some baked pasta and buy a cake. Paul will bring two bottles of red wine. Joanne will bring some rocket. They're meeting at 3 p.m.
Dialogue: Carlie: My little one just woke a few steps today
Rylen: Wow
Carlie: What about yours?
Rylen: He is still on the bed,
Carlie: Has he started to speak something?
Rylen: Yeah he says Mama and Dada :P
Carlie: Cutee
Rylen: Our child need to be friends some day :)
Carlie: Yeah they will
Rylen: I have to boil the rice for my child now
Carlie: ok sure
Rylen: What do you feed your child?
Carlie: He eats cerelac
Rylen: Fruits
Carlie: Only Banana
Rylen: Great
Carlie: hmm
Rylen: I will also try to feed mine a banana
Carlie: sure :)
Summary: Carlie's child just walked a few steps today, Rylen's is still on the bed, but says "mama" and "dada". Carlie's child eats Cerelac and bananas. 
Dialogue: Abigail: Have you ever read Simone de Beauvoir?
Susan: I love her.
Abigail: She was brilliant, I've just read "The Second Sex", I'm so impressed.
Susan: And it was written in 1949, can you believe?
Abigail: I know, it is so progressive!
Susan: And apparently Sartre just stole a lot of her ideas.
Abigail: So typical...
Susan: But don't we lack women like her nowadays?
Abigail: But her ideas became popular, commonly known and accepted.
Susan: Yes, maybe there are many Simones today.
Abigail: I hope so, but still so much to do.
Susan: true, some things had changed, some haven't
Abigail: So the fight is not over yet.
Susan: No, it's not.
Summary: Abigail and Susan both like Simone de Beauvoir's books.
Dialogue: Alfredo: Bro, we have a problem
Tim: Whats up?
Alfredo: Sue fucked up
Tim: Meaning????
Alfredo: In a drunken talk she told Adam about our… trip
Tim: Yea Im gonna kill that bitch
Summary: Sue told Adam about the trip.
Dialogue: Anna: hey dad the internet stopped working
Anna: do you know how to fix it?
Jude: just restart the router
Anna: what's a router?
Jude: it's the small black box behind the computer
Jude: it should have some green LED lights on
Anna: i see the box
Anna: but no lights are on
Jude: then that's the problem
Jude: it's probably unplugged
Anna: so what should i do now?
Jude: just plug it dear :-)
Jude: and then wait two minutes for it to restart
Anna: that's it?
Jude: that's it
Jude: see you later at home
Jude: tell mom i said hi
Summary: The internet stop working. Jude says Anna should restart the router. It is unplugged.
Dialogue: Jim: So how do you feel before the trip? Nervous?
Helen: Of course I'm nervous, I've never been so far away for so long :(
Jim: But it 's a really fantastic opportunity to do the research there and have the access to everything you need! I envy you :)
Helen: I'm leaving my friends..and family… and Fluffers :((((
Jim: It'll be great, you'll see. People will come to visit you for sure! I've already bought the ticket, don't you remember?
Helen: I suppose I know that, but still it feels sad…I feel sad and excited at the same time
Jim: Did you pack the research material you gathered? And the results?
Helen: Jim! I packed those first, I'm not an idiot XD
Jim: Of course you're not, but strange things happen when people are stressed, they tend to forget their stuff :D
Helen: This stuff is too important to forget..it's why I'm going there! XD
Summary: Helen is going for a research trip. She is nervous, as she will miss her family and friends. Jim promises to visit Helen and reminds her to pack research material. 
Dialogue: Karen: Hey guys! Is anyone in the office. I forgot my key... :/
John: I'll be there in 1 hour.
Patrick: Oh no! I'm sorry, can't help you. I'm out of office today.
Mary: Are you by the entrance? I should be there soon.
Karen: Thanks Mary, yes, I'm here.
Mary: I think I see you. 2 minutes I'm there.
Karen: Thanks a lot!
Summary: Karen forgot her key to the office. She's waiting at the entrance. Mary will be there in 2 minutes to let her in. 
Dialogue: Ron: How about u, Taylor?
Taylor: I'm going to Paris!
Harry: Wow! Never been there. Wanna go.
Taylor: Eat ur berries ;) maybe next time :)
Ron: So what are u going to do there?
Taylor: We're going to do all the sites! Like the really important ones and famous ones! I want to go up the Eiffel tower!
Ron: I know a great cafe near the Elysian fields. U should go there!
Taylor: Probably won't have times. We've got the whole 4 days planned!
Harry: Ur going away for 4 days? I so envy u!
Ron: With who? ;)
Taylor: Yup, starting 2moro and coming back on Tuesday.
Harry: Great!
Summary: Taylor is going to Paris for 4 days and wants to do all the sites. Ron recommends a great cafe near the Elysian fields. 
Dialogue: Timothy: We're coming tomorrow!
Regina: I'm so excited!
Lorenzo: Great! I prepared the room for you, I hope you'll like it.
Regina: You're so nice!
Timothy: What's the weather down there?
Lorenzo: it's chilly but not cold
Timothy: haha, what does it mean for you Sicilians?
Lorenzo: Like 16-19 degrees
Regina: Celsius?
Lorenzo: hahaha, yes, sure!
Regina: unbelievable, so warm!
Lorenzo: LOL, not really
Timothy: for us it's almost summer
Regina: 😍
Regina: see you tomorrow in the paradise!
Lorenzo: ahahaha, see you tomorrow!
Summary: Timothy is coming to visit Regina and Lorenzo in Sicily tomorrow. He's gonna stay at Lorenzo's. The weather is around 16-19 degrees Celsius. 
Dialogue: Mike: sorry I'll be late
Darren: I'm already here waiting
Mike: the traffic is terrible
Stella: I've missed my bus
Mike: where are you Stella?
Darren: Lisa are u coming?
Stella: I'll get an uber
Lisa: on my way
Mike: Darren is there any parking space?
Darren: I can see one now 
Mike: Stella where are you now? want me to pick you up
Stella: no thanks just got another bus
Stella: be there in 20min
Darren: the place is almost empty and I'm sitting here like an idiot
Mike: shit, huge accident on 278
Lisa: where are you?
Mike: don't wait for me guys, I'll do my best
Mike: Trinity Park
Darren: is anyone hungry?
Mike: yeah... me
Darren: Lisa's here, we'll order something for you Mike
Mike: ok thanks. pasta please
Stella: shrimps for me please!
Amy: hi guys be there in 15min
Amy: pleeease get me anything, like shrimps as a starter
Amy: im starving!
Summary: Lisa and Darren will order food for Stella, Mike and Amy, who will join them shortly. There was a huge accident on 278. 
Dialogue: Susan: Are you as bored as I am?
Tom: I'm sleeping with eyes open so the prof won't realise 
Linda: <photo_file>
Tom: Nice drawings 
Summary: Susan, Tom and Linda are bored at the university lecture. Linda sends photo of her drawings.
Dialogue: Mike: Hey guys, you’re up late
Lizzy: So are you
Josh: 😊
Mike: Remember that I’m 5 hours behind
Lizzy: Katie has gone to a party for the first time
Mike: Awesome! Oh I see. Can’t you sleep?
Lizzy: Are you mad? Of course, I can’t sleep
Josh: She’s wise Lizzy, don’t worry
Summary: Katie went to a party for the first time.
