Dialogue: John: Guys!!! There’s a little problem. So I told you I would arrive in Madrid on the 28th. I’ve just checked my boarding pass and it’s actually the 29th
John: Could you tell me what time are you leaving and from which terminal?
John: I absolutely have to see you, even 15 minutes would be better than nothing :(((
Pablo: Just a sec
Pablo: <file_photo>
Marcela: No worries for the mistake, we have to solve a few issues before travelling and might be in a little bit of a rush but I’d love to see you too
Marcela: 💛
John: Well, I’ll be at the airport anyway. If you don’t have the time I can just wave to you
John: That’s also better than nothing
Marcela: Deal 😂
Marcela: I still haven’t been able to figure out which terminal we’re flying from. 
John: I’ve already checked. I’m a pro 🥇
John: You’re flying from T2
Marcela: Are you sure? I thought that was only for European flights?
John: Yeah, I thought so as well but it says cleary all MAD-EZE flights leave from terminal 2
John: <file_photo>
John: I’m flying to T2 too so it should be easy to meet. There’s this hideous overpriced bar we can have a beer at
John: What time do you want to do the check in?
Marcela: 22.00?
John: Yeah, that seems reasonable
John: I’m arriving at 7 pm. Will head to the bar and wait for you there. The earlier you arrive the better but there’s no rush. I have a book to read etc.
Marcela: Are you sure?
John: Yeah, no worries, really
Marcela: Ok, I’ll keep you posted
John: Cool. Can’t wait
Marcela: Me too
Pablo: xx
John: 😘😘
Summary: John is arriving in Madrid at 7pm on the 29th instead of the 28th, and Marcela and Pablo are leaving Madrid also on the 29th from T2. They check in at 22, so there's a chance they meet anyways at the bar. 
Dialogue: Donna: do you guys happen to have any spare blankets, duvets or winter clothes?
Audrey: hm, I'll go check, what do you need them for?
Tess: Is this for your volunteering thing?
Donna: yes, we're collecting things like this for the homeless, so they have it for thw winter.
Tess: I checked and I may have a winter jacket and a duvet I don't really use.
Audrey: Mike has 2 winter jackets and a ton of sweater he never uses. I'll ask if he can part with them.
Audrey: yep, he says you can have them.
Donna: Thank you guys, you're the best! When can I pick these things up?
Audrey: I'm free Saturday.
Tess: same here, but I'm going out like 7 PM
Donna: Can I make a round between your houses around 3-4 PM. I'll text you before I arrive.
Tess: Sure thing
Audrey: no probs
Summary: Donna is collecting things for winter for the homeless. Audrey is going to give Donna Mike's winter jackets and sweaters. Donna will collect things from Audrey and Tess on Saturday between 3-4 PM.
Dialogue: Mark: Dave 
Mark: Do you still have the bank statement that we printed out for the house?
Dave: Yeah I kept it, why what happened?
Mark: Rita needs it to extend the contract
Mark: Could you scan it and send it over?
Dave: Yeah just give me an hour or so..
Dave: I'll be at the office soon
Mark: Thanks 
Summary: Dave will scan and send the bank statement for the house to Mark, when he's back at the office.
Dialogue: Derek: How about this TV that we wanted to buy?
Emily: I don't want it anymore
Claudia: Me neither 
Summary: Emily and Claudia don't want to buy a TV anymore.
Dialogue: Sophie: Hi, how are you doing?
Tracy: Good! Was nice to see you last night.
Sophie: Thanks! yup, it was super nice.
Tracy: Should we go out next weekend?
Sophie: Hmm, sure...
Tracy: ??? Any doubts?
Sophie: You know I've never been with a girl?
Tracy: It doesn't really matter.
Sophie: Really?
Tracy: Sure, I couldn't care less.
Sophie: What would you like to do?
Tracy: I will pick you up on Friday evening and we will see. Maybe cinema?
Sophie: Sounds good.
Tracy: No pressure, just fun :)
Sophie: OK, I am looking forward to it.
Tracy: Good, see you on Friday, at 8pm?
Sophie: Perfect!
Summary: Tracy met Sophie last night. They both enjoyed it. They will go out again on Friday at 8 p.m. Sophie has never been with a girl before but Tracy doesn't care. 
Dialogue: Valerie: I missed you at the church service last night
Brigitte: I wanted to go, but Jason's parents were in town
Valerie: oh, didnt know that. How long are they here?
Brigitte: just through tomorrow. 
Valerie: that's not long. 
Brigitte: no, I'll be sad to see them go. theyre really nice
Valerie: What have you done with them since they've arrived?
Brigitte: we went out to dinner at Giuseppe's pizza and we'll probably take them for a ride somewhere today
Valerie: Nice, where to?
Brigitte: dont know yet. probably in the countryside
Valerie: good for you. i hope you have a nice time
Brigitte: thanks! gotta run. talk to you later!
Valerie: later!
Summary: Instead of going to church last night, Brigitte went out for pizza with Jason's parents who are visiting.
Dialogue: Martin: don't forget to give me call when you'll arrive
Leah: I will, don't worry
Martin: you know that I don't like when you travel alone
Leah: of course I do :)
Leah: still you shouldn't worry about everything
Martin: I'll try :) have a safe flight!
Summary: Leah will give Martin a call when she arrives.
Dialogue: Daria: I just received an email from your science teacher saying that you've failed the last two tests! Not impressed!
Sam: I was going to tell you... I swear
Daria: Were you? Really? So how come I got to find out about it from an email?
Sam: I would have told you tonight.
Daria: Of course you know that you're grounded until your marks improve.
Sam: That's unfair. I try really hard to study for the tests but they're so hard.
Daria: Everyone else somehow manages to pass them so obviously you're not studying enough.
Sam: Not everyone. Maria and John failed them too.
Daria: Just because someone else failed doesn't mean that you have to.
Sam: I know.
Daria: You're coming home straight after school and studying until I see at least Bs or As on your tests.
Sam: Yes mum.
Daria: Good!
Summary: As Daria failed the last 2 tests in science, she is grounded until she improves her marks.
Dialogue: Eve: Hey, you asked me to recommend some probiotics
Eve: <photo>
Eve: I use these 
Eve: or <photo>
Maya: Great, thanks a lot, Eve
Sonia: Yes, thank you
Sonia: How long do I need to take them?
Eve: about 3 months 
Eve: a real immune boost, believe me
Sonia: Ok, can you order one the cheaper one for me?
Eve: I am going to order tomorrow so you still have time to think about it
Maya: I will, thanks
Eve: I'll speak to you tomorrow :)
Summary: Eve recommneds Maya and Sonia her probiotics. They need to be taken for 3 months. Eve will be ordering them tomorrow.
Dialogue: John: We're home, you can come now
Carol: finally!
Sigismund: and we want to drink whiskey!
Ellen: and tell us about Polynesia!
Sigismund: it's overrated!
Ellen: what? it's a paradise, don't destroy my dreams
Sigismund: not much different than Italy in August and with significantly worse food
John: you're exaggerating as always Sigi
Sigismund: I'm the grumpy cat, don't you remember?
John: hahahaha
Summary: John is home so Carol, Sigismund and Ellen can come and hear him talk about his trip to Polynesia. 
Dialogue: Abigail: Hello, I've seen your post and I'm interested in buying the dress. It's in size 10, am I right?
Beatrice: Hello! Yes, 10, but the fabric is quite stretchy.
Abigail: That's great. You live in West London, don't you? I'd love to come and try it on.
Beatrice: Ealing to be precise. No problem, I have a three-month baby, so I'm usually at home or somewhere nearby. You can come when it suits you.
Abigail: Thank you! Will Friday around midday be alright?
Beatrice: Oh, sorry, we have a doctor appointment on Friday. But if you could come a bit later, like 2-3 p.m., I should be back by then.
Abigail: Sounds perfect! I just need your address. 
Beatrice: Sure, I'll send you a link to Google maps, it's not that easy to find without it: <file_other>
Abigail: Great, thank you very much! Til Friday then. Bye!
Beatrice: Bye!
Summary: Beatrice is selling a dress that Abigail is interested in buying. Abigail and Beatrice arrange a meeting on Friday between 2 and 3 PM so that Abigail can try it on. Beatrice sends Abigail a link with her home address.
Dialogue: Emma: Who touched my phone without my permission?
William: Leah
Emma: I will teach her a lesson
Summary: Leah used Emma's phone without her permission.
Dialogue: Lena: I bought a new t-shit
Lena: but I think now that I wont wear it
Lena: do u want it?
Lena: <file_picture>
Nina: it's nice, let me try out and I'll tell
Lena: sure
Nina: ok, I'll drop by today
Lena: ok
Summary: Lena bought a new t-shit but she thinks she won't wear it. Nina may take it, but she needs to try it out first.
Dialogue: Brandon: Mom, I forgot the keys!
Mom: Grrrr...again?
Brandon: I was leaving so fast, I didn't want to be late for school.
Mom: Well, I'm already on my way to work. 
Brandon: So what now?
Mom: Come by my work after school to pick it up.
Brandon: How will I find you?
Mom: Just write me when you get to the reception. I'll come down.
Brandon: Ok, thanks. Bye.
Mom: Bye
Summary: Brandon forgot his keys again so has to come to Mom's work to pick hers up. 
Dialogue: Paula: Oliver, why don’t you ever answer your bloody phone?
Paula: I need to talk to you NOW!
Paula: Call me! I have something really brilliant to tell you. I don’t want to announce it on a computer
Oliver: I’m back! Sorry Paula, I’ve been busy. What’s the news?
Paula: Call me, please
Oliver: Ok, I’m calling
Paula: Okay!
Summary: Oliver is calling to Paula as she needs to talk to him.
Dialogue: Maria: Hi Spence, life treating you well?
Spencer: Can't complain love, lots of commissions coming in and all that!
Maria: Getting your name out there! Saw some of your new stuff on Instagram, liked it!
Spencer: Yeah, thanks love! How's the call centre?
Maria: Same old, same old. Can't wait to go part time next year, really want to get on with some freelancing.
Spencer: Yeah, pity they won't allow it for a year. I'm on 16 fixed hours at the cafe which suits me great. I've then got the rest of the week to work on my illustrations.
Maria: How do you get new clients, Spence? I really need to pick your brains sometimes!
Spencer: Well, some of them saw my printing in the shops I sell to and contacted me directly, then there's the agency and my social media stuff. I probably get around £1000  of work a month now, before commission and tax.
Maria: Well that's just about liveable with the cafe wage, I imagine.
Spencer: Yes, it's tight, but I am very frugal. Still have a hefty chunk going out on rent and bills.
Maria: Hmm, I'll have to budget carefully when I do it.
Spencer: Yes, but it's well worth it. I LOVE the work so much!
Maria: Well, your passion is obvious! Your stuff is amazing!
Spencer: Well, so was yours in Uni. Don't let your talent go to waste!
Maria: You've inspired me, Spence. See you soon, hopefully!
Spencer: See ya!
Summary: Maria will be working part-time at the call centre next year. Spencer works 16 hours a week at a cafe and the rest of the week on his pictures. He earns about GBP 1000 plus the cafe wage.
Dialogue: Betty: Do you know any good weight loss programme?
Monica: It's not for you, is it?
Betty: Oh no no, it's for Lucy's brother. He's really obese, it's difficult as he can't lose any weight
Victor: Sorry dear, I've seen things like that only on TV. Maybe she'll get him into one of those?
Betty: I doubt it, it's a touchy subject for the entire family
Victor: Ok, I get it, hm... I'll ask around, but I don't know many dieticians
Monica: Maybe they should go to a GP and then to the gym?
Betty: I'll suggest it, but I'm afraid it may a bit too late for that, he can barely move
Monica: Omg, and they're reacting now?! Jesus
Betty: ... I know. I'll talk to her. If you find anything, please let me know, I don't her to find out I told anyone
Victor: Ok, no problem!
Monica: Sure sure
Summary: Lucy's brother is obese. Betty will talk to Lucy. Victor and Monica will let Betty know if they find some solution.
