Dialogue: Rebecca: did you all get home safe??
Rose: yeah i am already in bed
Fiona: i came back like 20 minutes ago
Fiona: just grabbing a bite and off to bed too
Rebecca: okay :) i am glad, thanks again for the meeting today!
Rose: thank you too! good night!
Summary: Rebecca, Rose and Fiona met today. Rose and Fiona got home safely. 
Dialogue: Christina: I need your help!
Lee: What's wrong?
Christina: Computer not working ;(
Lee: What happened?
Christina: I was working on my paper for Mr. Anderson and it suddenly turned off...
Lee: W8. What paper?
Christina: He gave us an essay on the most meaningful event in American history. It's due 2moro.
Lee: Good to know, no sleep 2nite... But what about ur computer?
Christina: I can't turn it back on and my whole paper and other stuff are on it!
Lee: Did you try charging it first?
Christina: Do you think I'm that stupid?
Lee: No, but the cable could've disconnected and you didn't notice.
Christina: Lemme check. BRB.
Lee: OK.
Christina: UR right! Silly me!
Lee: See? E123!
Christina: Thank you <3
Lee: UR welcome.
Summary: Christina thinks her computer broke, and she's not able to finish her essay on American History. Lee forgot about the essay. Christina follows Lee's advice, and finds out that the cable is disconnected.
Dialogue: Tony: What about this? <file_picture>
Lisa: What's that? Looks really tasty.
Ruby: Is that the pork cutlet with avocado and salad?
Tony: The one and only :)
Lisa: Contains avocado? Out of the question. He won't even come near one.
Ruby: Well, he's actually quite choosy. 
Tony: You can say that again.
Lisa: I really need your help. Have u got any other ideas?
Ruby: How about this? <file_photo>
Tony: That's really tasty and simple :) if u like spicy food :)
Lisa: He actually loves it. The spicier the better :) What is it?
Ruby: Chipotle chicken fajitas!
Lisa: Okay, let's check if I have everything:
Ruby: chicken breasts, cumin, chilli powder, salt, pepper, oil, bell pepper, onion, mushrooms, garlic cloves, chipotles, lime juice and cheddar.
Tony: Don't forget the tortillas!
Lisa: Okay, I don't have the chipotles, but regular jalapenos will do. And instead of tortillas, he'll get plain bread.
Ruby: I think that'll do.
Lisa: How much time do I need?
Tony: More or less 30 mins.
Lisa: More than enough! Okay, can you send me the recipe?
Ruby: Here you go <file_other>
Lisa: Thanks! I don't know what I would've done without the both of you!
Tony: Well-fed husband, happy husband ;)
Ruby: Rotlf
Lisa: I'm just printing it out and making small corrections.
Tony: Tell us later how he managed to cook it!
Ruby: Actually, pretty curious myself ;)
Lisa: Don't worry, will do :) thanks again!
Summary: Ruby sent Lisa a recipe for Chipotle chicken fajitas.
Dialogue: Robert: Mario has been robbed
Marilyn: What??
Stephanie: Yeah, someone stole his laptop in the library 
Summary: Someone stole Mario's laptop in the library.
Dialogue: Nate: <file_photo>
Julia: wow it's so cute!
Frank: What breed is it?
Nate: it's a pomeranian, Kate just brought him home
Nate: it pees everywhere 
Summary: Kate brought a pomeranian dog home. It pees everywhere.
Dialogue: Robert: drinks on me on friday night
Alaba: Haha, you owe me so many drinks bro
Robert: yeah, i know.haha
Alaba: nice show btw, you rocked the pitch
Robert: haha, come on, we all played our part
Alaba: but you gave us the goals
Robert: thanks bro
Alaba: now we just have to target the big trophy
Robert: it requires team effort
Alaba: lots of hard work especially
Robert: yeah
Alaba: whats your assesment of our midweek fixture against Dortmund
Robert: they are tough, but we should win, the coach will brief us on sunday
Alaba: we cant afford to slip up
Robert: totally cant
Alaba: lets talk more over the drinks, lets invite riberry also and robben
Robert: yeah, ill text them
Alaba: cool, see you in training then
Robert: hope you wont be late today
Alaba: haha, i wont
Summary: Alaba and Robert will do their best. Robert will text Riberry and Robben to talk about it over drinks. Alaba hopes Robert won't be late for training today.
Dialogue: Deacon: Yo, my neighbor's hellion child?
Tessa: Yes?
Deacon: Just took a screwdriver and scratched all down the side of their car! 
Tessa: Oh man!
Deacon: Yeah, he's a dead little shit now!
Tessa: Insurance?
Deacon: Probably but still a deductible, according to Fred.
Tessa: That kid will be paying with his allowance for years...
Deacon: They won't make him, he's spoiled as all hell.
Tessa: Brat.
Deacon: The worst kind.
Tessa: Must be fun living next door. Does he visit?
Deacon: Not anymore. I don't put up with his nonsense and he knows it.
Tessa: The only way to be around those kinds of kids.
Deacon: I know. My sister's kid is the same and hates me too.
Tessa: You aren't their doormat.
Deacon: No way.
Tessa: You doing anything later?
Deacon: Just watching a movie or something, probably pizza delivery. Wanna join me?
Tessa: Sure! Be there at 7 and will bring the pizza! What do you like/
Deacon: Anything but anchovies and green peppers.
Tessa: No prob. CU L8R.
Summary: Deacon's neighbour's Hellion child just scratched the side of their car with a screwdriver. Tessa will join Deacon watching a movie or something later, she'll be there around 7 and bring the pizza.
Dialogue: Jax: i know this book is meant to be powerful or whatever but i really bloody hate it. do your super brainy thng and tell me what i'm missing pleease
Ruby: Omg no hard same, I hate it. I always find it hard to connect with a book if the protagonists are literal garbage, and Heathcliff is the worst.
Jax: before i read it I thought it was a romace novel but now i see that i was horribly deceived
Jax: heathcliff needs to meet my mum. my mum would kick his arse
Ruby: And how many narrators does one book need?
Jax: and why is the narrator narrating the narrator?
Ruby: I DON'T KNOW but it's the most irritating narrative structure I've ever read.
Jax: and wtf is up with catherine always locking herself in her room and making herself ill when she doesn't get her way? kids are mre mature than that. i am more mature than that
Ruby: It really pisses me off that Heathcliff abuses Isabella, but even in this day and age we're supposed to believe he's a Byronic hero, like, okay, sure, let's side-sweep the abuse because he's tragic or whatever.
Jax: i wasn't aware that it was okay to abuse women if you could pull of standing around the moors but i guess heathcliff has paved the way
Ruby: LMFAO
Jax: the woman i love is dead. should i kidnap her daughter? i guess it's fine because i look really spiffing in breeches and a cravat
Ruby: The thought of you in breeches and a cravat is hilarious.
Jax: you mean HANDSOME and also  OVERWHELMINGLY HANDSOME
Ruby: And the caps finally make an appearence.
Jax: weirdly i used to date an isabella
Ruby: You did?
Jax: yeah for like two years
Ruby: You did?
Jax: yeah for like 2 years
Ruby: Wow. I've never dated anyone for that long.
Jax: how long have you been with your boyfriend?
Ruby: Oh. Just over a year I suppose.
Jax: you suppose?
Ruby: Things with him have been sort of shit for a while so I don't really like thinking about it.
Jax: oh
Jax: i'm sorry, i didn't realise
Ruby: I'm at his flat now. His mates are here. He didn't tell me they'd be watching football so I'm sitting here with nothing to do.
Ruby: TBH I don't even know why I'm here because one of the guys who came over once tried to grope me and I've felt really uncomfortable around him ever since.
Jax: wtf that's awful - did you tell your boyfriend about it
Summary: Jax and Ruby don't like neither the narration nor the characters in the book. Ruby's at her boyfriend's flat. She hasn't been getting on well with him for a while. 
Dialogue: Eva: Hey Eric! can you teach me how to play piano?? 
Eric: You serious.. I would love to.. Come tomorrow at 7 pm
Eva: Thank you so much
Eric: :thumbs
Summary: Eric will teach Eva to play the piano tomorrow at 7 pm.
Dialogue: Lewis: guys. what do you think about Brooke?
Sebastian: why?
Tyler: Lewis is in love <3
Sebastian: hehe
Lewis: ... well?
Tyler: i don't know her that well
Tyler: she's quite pretty i guess
Sebastian: she's really good in bed
Lewis: huh?
Sebastian: yeah that's what I think
Tyler: well, I have to agree with Sebastian on that, she really is
Lewis: ...
Summary: Sebastian and Tyler think Brooke is good in bed.
Dialogue: Robert: A new place opened down the street, have you seen it?
Jessica: You mean the restaurant?
Robert: Yeah, it's Italian, isn't it?
Jessica: I've been there last week, just when it opened
Robert: Is it any good?
Jessica: Honestly? I think it was awful really
Robert: That bad? but they serve pizza
Jessica: Their problem is that they serve everything. They have pizza and kebab and some Thai and Chinese
Robert: Hm, it does sound weird. I just saw that they have pizza
Jessica: Probably the owners couldn't agree on the cuisine. I don't know, but the result is awful
Jessica: I went there with Mary and basically nothing was good. I had a pepperoni pizza and a drink, she ordered something Thai, I don't know what it was, but she said it was terrible
Robert: Eh, I was hoping that maybe we have a decent restaurant nearby, at last!
Jessica: Don't you like La Toscana?
Robert: I do, but it's just one restaurant in the neighbourhood. I love pizza but not that much
Jessica: Ok, I get it. I don't mind as for me Italian cuisine is the best cuisine in the world ;)
Robert: It's great, but it's quite surprising that there's no Chinese or Vietnamese nearby
Jessica: You sure? I think Greg was telling me he's ordering his favourite nems and he doesn't live that far away from us
Robert: Interesting... I need to talk to him then, I googled for restaurants with delivery but nothing came up
Jessica: Maybe they don't have a website? Or didn't pay Google to advertise them? I don't know how it works
Robert: Hm, maybe, thanks Jess! I was really close to inviting Gemma to that new place
Jessica: For a date? Oh my, that'd have been disaster
Summary: A new restaurant opened down the street. It serves everything: pizza and kebab and some Thai and Chinese. Jessica and Mary went there last week, but the food was not good. Robert nearly invited Gemma to a date there. He is not a great fan of Italian cuisine, but Jessica loves it. 
Dialogue: Ada: Do you guys have any idea where tomorrow's seminar is gonna be?
Dan: You mean the seminar on horror literature?
Steve: It's either that or the one on Trollope
Ada: Yeah, the horror one, don't tell me you ever even considered going to the other one
Jamie: Of course we didn't
Ada: So, where it is? There's no news on the department's site
Steve: Well, I think it's understandable that there are some organizational problems after half of the classrooms were flooded
Kate: Yes, we all know... just sent a text message to Dr. Olsen :P
Steve: Ok, let's just wait for her answer
Ada: Ok
Steve: Anyway poor good guy Trollope, no one's interested in him
Kate: Trollope got trolled
Dan: Poor fellow
Steve: Lol
Ada: I bet Kate will go to both seminars in the end
Dan: Right
Kate: That's obvious... ok, got a message from her
Ada: What did she say?
Kate: Room 342 at 3 p.m.
Dan: Ok
Ada: Cool
Summary: Kate, Dan, Steve and Ada will have the seminar with Dr. Olsen tomorrow at 3 p.m. room 342. 
Dialogue: Mark: Dear all! We are raising money for a little boy who attends our school! We need your ideas! 
Will: What about a family fun day?
Tom: yeah, like the idea! Lots of fun for the little and big people
Kim: face painting is always fun!
Sam: BBQ?!
Rob: craft & sweet stall
Phill: tombola, bouncy castle, dressing up
Will: and photo booth 
Mark: thank you all for so many great ideas! All money made will go to Freddie to fund his operation! 
Summary: They exchange ideas regarding the school fund-raiser for Freddie's operation. 
Dialogue: Dagnah: It must be nice for you to wake up earlier these next two weeks 😃
Val: Hahaha
Val: It's sooo great!! 😋
Dagnah: Hehe
Dagnah: And waking up together with your cat and dog 😍
Val: The best!!
Dagnah: Send me photos of them later on ;)
Val: I will 😄
Summary: Val finds it great to wake up earlier these next two weeks together with his cat and dog. He'll send Dagnah some photos of them later on.
Dialogue: Blake: You!
George: What?? 
Blake: Mom is calling you for supper
Blake: You can't hear her yelling? 
George: Shit im coming downstairs
Blake: You better be 
Summary: Mom is calling George to come for supper. He's coming now.
Dialogue: Bart: so are you guys going for new years eve to where Greg proposed?
Bart: i am curious
Matthew: i am still not sure, it's a long ride
Mike: yeah me neither
Mike: did you check how to get there?
Bart: yeah, fuck that it's like 6 hour drive
Bart: and it will be even worse on the way back
Matthew: lol, then i am definitely not going
Matthew: we will spend more time in the freaking car than having
Bart: no shit lol, and he said it's close hahaha
Mike: hahaha, that was bullshit
Mike: Matt how about you throw a party?
Matthew: i was talking with Meggy already
Matthew: i think it's possible to do it at our place
Bart: that would be perfect lol, 5 minute walk for us :D
Mike: exactly, convince her dude
Matthew: i will do my best boys :D
Summary: Bart, Matthew and Mike think that the place Greg suggested is too far. Matthew will try to throw a party at his and Meggy's place. 
Dialogue: Laura: Babes, are you up? :D
Margot: Yup! Still 10??
Laura: (Y)
Margot: Just coming from the train station now so might be a little late :) Just kidding, the door wouldn’t open, now I’m at Juan les Pins :D Okay so I might be only slightly later.
Laura: OK, let me know when you're at the door :P I need to find a pharmacy on our way
Margot: Sweet! Okay no worries! Don’t tell me your sick now as well??
Laura: No no, it is sth different :P
Margot: Okay sweet! :)
Laura: Where are you Margot?
Margot: Like 2 mins away
Summary: Laura confirms that Margot is coming to the meeting and keeps asking her how long it will take.
Dialogue: John: I've dropped my phone and the screen is blank. Please message me on here. Cheers!
Hannah: so sorry!
Gina: :(
John: all sorted now! x
Summary: John dropped his phone and its screen went blank, but the error has been fixed. 
Dialogue: Tsar: Are you coming to the pub with us tonight? 
Sylvia: no, not in the mood for the pub
Tsar: :( 
Tsar: someting happened?
Sylvia: no, just not in the right mood. 
Tsar: Is there anything I can do? Maybe you're in the mood for something else?
Sylvia: Thx, it's nice of you to ask :*
Sylvia: No, I'd rather sit at home. 
Tsar: Okey. But call me anytime if you need me. 
Sylvia: <3 
Summary: Sylvia won't go to the pub with Tsar tonight as she's not in the mood. She'd rather stay at home.
Dialogue: Ann: <file_video>
Lucy: what is it?
Ann: it's a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman :)
Ann: it's amazing!!
Lucy: it's pretty emotional
Ann: love it!!!
Summary: Ann sent Lucy a video of a poem written by a 93-year-old woman. They both think that it is stunning.
Dialogue: Monica: I was thinking about what you said last time we talked.
Sharon: And?
Monica: I don’t think Marlene did it on purpose.
Sharon: Did what?
Monica: I mean she probably didn’t know I want to keep this engagement thing a secret…
Sharon: Obviously not. You didn’t say anything.
Monica: But isn’t it kind of obvious?
Sharon: No. People usually want to share such things with the world. I wouldn’t think about it.
Monica: Eh, I think I should apologies to her and just… Try to fix it. This whole situation was a bit too much.
Sharon: I agree, I understand you got emotional, but it got messy.
Monica: I will talk to her tomorrow.
Sharon: Actually… I think maybe you should wait. Two or three days. She got emotional too.
Monica: Fair point, that’s what I will do.
Summary: Monika thinks Marlene did not know Monika wanted to keep the engagement secret. Monika wants to fix the tension between the two. Sharon believes Monika should wait a few days.
Dialogue: Logan:  are you still having piano lessons or have you decided to stop tickling the ivories? :P
Camilla: I don't have lessos any  more but I still pay when I can 
Logan: remember the ongoing war with "scone"? :P
Logan: You have a piano on you? :)
Camilla: I made scones this evening actually
Logan: Very nice
Camilla: Scone, not scones
Camilla: I have a piano in Galgate - not where I am currently. Do you still play?
Logan: (I pronounce it like stones which makes me sound posh??) 
Logan: I do actually! :) I like dabbling a little
Camilla: haha - apparently the way I say "mascara" and "sheet" sounds posh
Logan: Impressive :P
Summary: Camilla is not taking piano lessons anymore but she and Logan are still playing. Camilla has a piano in Galgate. She made a scone this evening.
Dialogue: Daniel: Privet, Sergey Mikhailovich!
Sergey: Hi, Daniel!
Daniel: How's the whole party thing going?
Sergey: Everything's fine, I'd say, a lot of people are already here and more are coming
Daniel: Ok, I should be there within an hour and a half
Sergey: Ok, don't worry
Daniel: Is Pamela there already?
Sergey: Yes :P
Daniel: Ok, see you later
Sergey: See you!
Summary: Daniel's going to Sergey's party, he'll be there in an hour and a half. Pamela's already there.
Dialogue: Ludo: are you coming soon?
Mum: I'm leaving
Ludo: ok i'll wait
Mum: i'm in the lounge, do you want something to eat?
Ludo: yes thank a sandwich club
Summary: Mum is waiting for Ludo in the lounge. She will get Ludo a club sandwich at her request.
Dialogue: Emsi: Im watching this new crime series
Emsi:'The Mentalist'
Emsi: I love it! Have you seen it?
Katie: no, Im afraid
Martie: I've heard of it only, but never seen
Emsi: Omg, girls! It's fantastic!
Emsi: and this actor in the leading role is soooooo good lookin!
Katie: ok, now I know why you like it so much 
Katie: ;)
Emsi: :D
Martie: I guess that's Patrick Smith in the leading role, right?
Emsi: I guess thats his name
Martie: oh yeah, Hes quite good looking I guess
Emsi: Very!
Katie: :D
Summary: Emsi's watching "The Mentalist" and likes the actor in the leading role. Katie and Martie haven't watched it. 
Dialogue: Robert: Hi, Jane. What's up?
Jane: Nothing much. How about you?
Robert: Just browsing the internet for some interesting movie.
Jane: You want to watch it online?
Robert: Not necessarily. Frankly, I'd rather go out.
Jane: It's pouring.
Robert: I got a car and umbrella.
Jane: Sounds like you might stay dry:)
Robert: Want to try to stay dry with me.
Jane: Why not. Pick me up.
Summary: Robert is picking Jane up and they are going out even though it's raining heavily. 
Dialogue: Peter: Soooo how scattered are the 206 crew then? Let's start with who's back in the UK!? I'll start, Me!
Olivier: I never left :-) glad to hear you're back <3
Clare: Living it up in Ghana still bros :D
Tina: I'm back too! Whoever is around, let's get a drink or dinner or something some time next week?
Thomas: Currently in Cambridge. Leaving for Russia again on Sunday.
Tina: How about Friday evening?
Anne: Are you coming to the drinks reception tonight?
Helen: I'm in Cambridge too! Will be at the drinks reception tonight, but am on fieldwork this Friday :(
Peter: won't make it to drinks this eve... and Friday neither... But a meet up would be good, what about Saturday evening? or next week without Tom! haha
Annette: So if there is going to be drinks tomorrow let me know when and where! Amy you are responsible for keeping me posted! xxx
Amy: This is 100% happening. We're gonna celebrate Tom embedding himself within the Russian government! 
Amy: But also, plans have never been my forte
Amy: Pub half fiveish. Pub recommendations needed.
Peter: Cool, I can join from about 6! Looking forward to catching up!
Annette: I will join you guys from around 6.30-7 pm! Hope you guys will still be around!
Amy: 100%
Anne: Sorry, won't be joining. Hopefully next time.
Annette: I might come at 5.30 actually so keep me posted on where you are at!
Amy: I'm in spoons... Join whenever!
Clare: LOL. Wish I was there bros! <3 <3 <3 I'll have a few beers here in your honour
Summary: Peter, Annette, Amy, Anette and Tina are meeting up at a pub on Friday from 5 pm onwards. Tina and Clare cannot come.
Dialogue: Lara: Mercy's at 7?
Molly: ok
Lara: see u!
Summary: Lara is meeting Molly at Mercy's at 7.
Dialogue: Grace: Baby pick me up an hour later ok?
Jacob: why?
Grace: Mary wants to talk. might be important!
Summary: Mary will talk to Grace. Jacob will pick up Grace an hour later.
Dialogue: Mother: Darling are you at home? Can I pop in?
Tina: Hello mum. We're still in bed.
Mother: Oh dear! I'm sorry to have woken you up darling.
Tina: It's alright mum. I'll give you a call later. OK?
Mother: Certainly my dear.
Summary: Mother wants to pop in but Tina is still in bed. Tina will give her a call later.
Dialogue: Gael: Hey, I'm not quite sure which video we should use for the lesson today
Gael: There is quite a lot to choose from, but some may not be as relevant
Gael: What's your opinion?
Radcliff: Hmm.. I'm not sure either, maybe we could do some brainstorming..
Gael: Good idea! I have a few steps listed already..
Radcliff: We can improvise, let's have a think about it 
Gael: Actually the last time I did this kind of class, it went very well, and most of the information we had was all improvised :)
Radcliff: I'm sure it will be ok with a few improvised moves, it's just the first lesson anyway 💃
Gael: I'll bring along my notes and we can meet up in the area by the wooden flooring
Gael: It's a really good spot with an ample amount of space :)
Radcliff: Do you mean the one which is on the left when you arrive by the pond?
Gael: Yes that's it ;)
Radcliff: Ok :)
Gael: Send me a text when you leave home 👍
Gael: Oh, can you please bring along the extra pair of shoes, Mandy is probably coming too
Gael: She arrived yesterday :)
Radcliff: Ok, will do ;)
Radcliff: Good luck with all the meetings today 😛
Gael: 😒
Summary: Gael and Radcliff have their first dance lesson today. They have to decide which video to use. Radcliff will bring an extra pair of shoes for Mandy who will probably also join them.
Dialogue: Charlie: are you watching the news?
Eva: no, why?
Charlie: switch it on, quickly
Eva: what channel?
Charlie: 2
Eva: OH MY GOD it's my dad!!!
Charlie: haha I know
Eva: can't believe it
Charlie: he's famous now!
Eva: haha what a celebrity
Charlie: <file_gif>
Eva: I had no idea, seriously
Charlie: he did great though!
Eva: I'm gonna call him now
Charlie: say hi from me :)
Eva: will do :)
Summary: Eva's father in on Channel 2. Charlie thinks he's famous now, a celebrity. Eva will call her father.
Dialogue: Linda: Hey, are you okay? You were practically falling asleep at the meeting.
Percy: Not really, no. I couldn't sleep in between the all the crying last night.
Linda: New daddy, new lifestyle. How's Martha taking it?
Percy: I would say she's doing a smidge better than me, but maybe I'm biased. I think that between the two of us, we only got 5 hours sleep.
Linda: I wrote you a copy of my notes - I figured you might need them 
Percy: Hasn't anyone ever told you that you're brilliant lately? Because you are. And kind to boot too.
Linda: It's no problem. I didn't want Harrold getting on your case again.
Percy: To be fair, it was my fault. I should have just appologised and explained.
Linda: It wasn't completely your fault - didn't you have to wait for Freya to get her job done?
Percy: Yes, but she got told off too.
Linda: So, now you're both in the same boat.
Percy: One that will keep sinking if I'm not careful. So thank you for this!
Linda: I don't mind, afterall, you were the one who showed me the ropes when I first arrived. And the only one who bothered to talk to me. I figured it was time to pay you back. Besides, they're just notes.
Summary: Linda wrote a copy of her notes for Percy. Percy and Martha were crying a lot at night. 
Dialogue: Shanon: Bt what did he do?!
Sid: Kinda long story...
Shanon: Got time ;)
Oliver: It started in the morning. He was all furious and red in the face.
Victor: Bt not like he was drunk or hung over. Just mad.
Sid: And his eyes... He was like on a killer-spree!
Shanon: Start's off like a horror story!
Sid: Kinda is. 
Oliver: Lol
Victor: So, he came to school and picked a fight with the security guy.
Shanon: Mr. Mathews? He's always so nice! Hope nothing happened to him?
Sid: He's fine. Don't worry. 
Shanon: What did they argue about?
Oliver: No one rly knows. Something about the wife. 
Shanon: Who cheated on who? ;)
Victor: How did u know?
Shanon: Girls know such things! Oh, and I'm also talking to Nicole OTP.
Summary: He has a fight with a school security guard, Mr. Mathews. Shanon guesses it was about cheating.
Dialogue: Eve: I learnt today at the dean's office that our exam is scheduled for Thursday, 7th, most probably in the afternoon
Carol: Is that the final date? No extensions?
Martin: I think so, apparently Prof is going on holiday the very next day so that's the latest he can do
Nathalie: Oh no, I need to hand in the other assignment before I can take the exam!!! There's no way I'm going to be done before the 7th! What do I do?!
Martin: Are you sure? No chance you can be done bu the 7th? You still have over 5 weeks!
Nathalie: The 7th is next week!! We're talking about March, right?
Eve: Haha, Nat! :) Let me be clear - the final exam date is the 7TH of APRIL, no extensions are to be approved after that
Nathalie: PHEW! THANK YOU! I was about to collapse here
Eve: no problem, happy to help! What other assignment are you talking about?
Nathalie: Do you remember when I broke my leg and had to have a really intense physio? He agreed for me to hand it one of the papers by the end of the semester 
Martin: Do you need it? I'm sure he won't remember what he read...
Carol: I could use some better grade on one of mine... do you think I could resubmit it?
Nathalie: I'm not sure. He was pretty reluctant to let me do it but I bored him with some lines from the uni constitution and he eventually caved ;)
Carol: well, maybe it's worth a shot...
Eve: A little of top: the second floor in the library is being remodeled or sth and it's going to be inaccessible the entire week starting Monday so if you need anything you still have tomorrow to check it out!
Martin: Damn, I better make my way over there tomorrow, I misplaced my copy of his recommended reading list, does anybody have it?
Eve: I know it makes me sound like a nerd - but I do, I will forward over to you:)
Martin: But you are OUR nerd, Eve, so that's okay :) saving us yet another time
Carol: do you think it's bad i haven't ready any? how important are they for the final?
Nathalie: I heard from the previous years that he always scores better if you imply you've read it. Not sure you can pass without having read them...
Martin: Carol, I will be in the library all day tomorrow, something tells me I will see you there :)
Summary: The exam is scheduled for Thursday, 7th April, most probably in the afternoon. Nathalie needs to hand in an assignment before it. The second floor of the library is going to be inaccessible for the entire week starting on Monday, so the students have only tomorrow to check out the books they need.
Dialogue: Jordon: Hey Ava,, have you met ma'am Amelia?
Ava: Not yet.
Jordon: She was asking for you in the class
Ava: Thank you . i will meet her today
Summary: Ava is going to see Ms Amelia later today.
Dialogue: Matthew: So why Dorota and Kinga aren't invited
Kristof: because they're bosses
Matthew: haha i see
Matthew: that's good 
Annie: I don't feel like going there with bosses
Annie: So ye good haha
Declan: It was a dumb question Matt
Matthew: XDXD
Matthew: Idk I just wanted to make sure
Declan: 🤣🤣🤣
Matthew: Ola is coming tho right?
Kristof: She is bro
Declan: 👍
Summary: Dorota and Kinga are not invited because they are bosses. Ola is coming.
Dialogue: Lottie: Hi, you off to that Mums, Dads, Guardians etc thing after school?
Naomi: Oh that thing, getting to know you and all that.
Lottie: Christ! I suppose I'd better make the effort, don't know what we're supposed to do with the kids, though
Naomi: I know, I can't be arsed myself, but there might be cake there! Kids are being looked after by the TAs in the classroom.
Lottie: Oh poor things, wonder if they get overtime?
Naomi: Doubt it, my sister in law's a TA and they get paid a pittance, she says.
Lottie: That's not fair, they do a fab job from what I see! Wish they were holding the meeting in the pub!
Naomi: LOL! That would be more fun! You going on the trip next week! 
Lottie: No, it's one of my work days, you going?
Naomi: Yeah, soft play is my idea of hell, though! 
Lottie: Know what you mean! Anyway, see you later, save me some cake, won't you?
Naomi: Will do, bye love!
Summary: Lottie and Naomi are going to the meeting after school. Children will be looked after by the TAs. TAs don't earn much money. Naomi is going on the trip next week.
Dialogue: Paula: Hi, how are you?
Monica: Hi! I'm fine, what about you?
Paula: Oh, I'm just great :D
Monica: Right! Sorry, I'm so terribly busy I forgot your visit was today... but I guess it's good news :)
Paula: Yes, the doctor said I'm pretty much ok now
Monica: :) :) :) :) :)
Paula: She said my results are almost standard, so within a couple of months I should be back to full health
Monica: I'm so happy, Paula!! :)
Paula: Don't tell me ;)
Monica: You must tell the other guys and gals
Paula: Oh, I will :)
Monica: I'm so proud of your determination and strength
Paula: Thank you :)
Monica: :)
Summary: Paula is happy with her test results, she should be back to full health in a couple of months. Monica is proud of Paula. 
Dialogue: Damarion: Wake up! Let me know when you wake up then
Mara: I woke up..Or rather u did it
Damarion: And you can't sleep anymore?
Mara: No. What's up?
Damarion: Sorry for that 
Mara: It's ok
Damarion: Just having a beer waiting for my next flight
Mara: A beer?! At this time
Damarion: I have 2 hours to wait
Mara: Before the flight?! It's not good. U shouldn't drink at all when u going to flight because u aren't the only one on the plane....
Damarion: ...
Mara: That's my opinion
Damarion: I'm a passenger so I can do as I please! You never pay attention to the things I tell you I see. Remember I said to you on Saturday that I wasn't going to be flying at the controls for the next 5 days ? Today is that fifth day. I will probably only fly tomorrow when I'm back at work....
Mara: Oh.. I'm sorry.
Summary: Damarion woke Mara up. Damarion drinks a beer as he has to wait 2 hours for his next flight. Damarion's been going by plane as a passenger for 5 days and tomorrow he'll be back at work. 
Dialogue: Terry: Where are you?
Gordon: Breakfast at Mat's
Terry: good, I'm nearby, I'll come over to give you back the money
Summary: Gordon is eating breakfast at mat's. Terry is going to meet him there to give him the money back.
Dialogue: Scarlett: So, have you talked to your landlord?
Eli: Yes, but, honestly, it was a waste of time. :/
Scarlett: He’s not going to plug the hole in the wall, is he?
Eli: Of course he’s not.
Eli: He said that I have to “repair all damages due to wear and tear”.
Scarlett: Erm, this pipe didn’t start to leak because of “wear and tear”, so...? You HAD to fix it, you HAD to make this hole in the wall.
Eli: I know, it’s pure absurd...
Scarlett: Btw your bathroom was in horrible condition to begin with.
Eli: I reminded him about it, but, well, talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
Scarlett: :/ What are you going to do now?
Eli: I’m moving out.
Eli: I’m not going to pay for the renovation of the bathroom, no way.
Eli: I wish I did it earlier.
Scarlett: This is the right decision!
Scarlett: You can stay at my place until you find something. :)
Eli: Thanks, but actually I’ve already found a new flat. :)
Eli: It’s smaller than the previous one, but it’s in perfect condition and the rent is much lower.
Scarlett: Cool :) Do you need any help with packing, cleaning up and so on?
Eli: I would really appreciate, if you could help me with unpacking. You’re so much better at organizing stuff than I am.
Scarlett: No problemo. :)
Summary: Eli asked her landlord to repair a leaking pipe. He refused to do that. Eli's moving out to a new flat. Scarlett will help her with unpacking. 
Dialogue: Kay: Did anyone find my earring by the copy machine?
George: Not that I know of. Did you check with Patty?
Kay: No, but you were just up there. You didn't see it?
George: No. Are you sure you lost it there?
Kay: Yes. Ugh! They are my faves!
George: Check with Patty and then put a note in the breakroom.
Kay: That's a good idea. I can take a picture of the other one.
George: Good thinking.
Kay: I really want to find it.
George: If you don't can you buy a new pair?
Kay: Not likely, they were a gift.
George: Good luck!
Kay: Thanks!
George: Hope you find it!
Summary: Kay is looking for her earring. She can make a photo of the other one to give a hint for the search.
Dialogue: Walter: U wanna go for a walk later?
Diana: What time?
Walter: I dunno, maybe three o clock, so it's still light?
Diana: If I get all my work done, then that's doable.
Diana: I haven't had a decent walk for several days.
Summary: Diana will go for a walk with Walter at three o'clock, if she gets all her work done by then.
Dialogue: Chris: Hey, we need to talk
Mary: Hi! What's up?
Chris: We're just coming back from Mum's
Chris: I'm afraid we need to discuss what we should do next, it's getting harder for her to get around the house
Mary: Uhm, what are implying?
Chris: We'd like to talk with you about our options
Mary: What options? Is there something wrong with mum?
Chris: She's getting old Mary, really old and I think it's hard for her to take care of herself and the house
Chris: She's doing her best, but the house isn't as clean as it's supposed to be
Chris: She even forgot to make breakfast for herself. I'm not sure she's taking her meds properly
Mary: Oh no, that's not good
Chris: No, it's not good and I think it can't go on like this
Mary: So what are you suggesting?
Mary: You know I can't take her in
Chris: I know. Jane and I decided to look for a place for her
Mary: Like a nursing home?
Chris: Yes, Jane's friend knows a couple of places
Mary: Why can't you take her to your place? Your house's huge
Chris: Mary, I'd love to, but we don't have time
Mary: Jane's working from home, I can't see why she can't help. I could visit you as well
Chris: Can't you understand? Jane IS working from home, but it doesn't mean she can take care of mum, that's not her job, she needs to focus
Mary: But it will kill her, you know she hates nursing homes
Chris: She’s never even been to one! They can take proper care of her, Jane doesn’t have any medical training, what if something bad happens? We won’t be able to help her
Mary: We need to think this through, come over and we can talk about this
Summary: Mother of Chris and Mary is getting older and she can't take care of herself and her house. Neither May, nor Chris and Jane can't take the mother to their places. They're considering to find her a nursing home.
Dialogue: John: We're leaving for the party now, are you ready?
Peter: sure
Maria: almost, when will you be here?
John: I'll pick up Peter first, so I need about 15-20m min to get to your place
Maria: ok, that's perfect
John: Maybe we should get some wine and flowers for Anne
John: that would be nice
Maria: we can get them together
John: ok!
Summary: John is leaving for Anna's party. He'll pick up Peter and then after 15-20 minutes Maria. They will get some flowers and wine.
Dialogue: Tom: Have you woken up?
Peter: yes, but I didn't sleep well
Peter: what time are we meeting?
Rebeca: 8.00
Peter: ok
Summary: Peter haven't slept well. Peter and Rebeca are meeting at 8.
Dialogue: Nick: <file_video>
Amy: dafuq?
Nick: oops sorry, I meant to send it to Tom XD
Nick: sorry
Amy: phew, at first I thoguht I srsly don't know something ;-)
Nick: my mistake :-)
Summary: Nick has sent Amy a video intended for Tom by mistake.
Dialogue: Eli: hey, I'm at the store. do you want anything?
Frank: mmm, hold on, let me check in the fridge 
Eli: alrighty, well hurry! cause I'm about to check out 
Frank: haha so why would you message me to ask me now 
Eli: Cause I thought of you! haha sorry it was so late 
Frank: mm yeah, ok get spinach and tomatoes, I'll make that sauce thing with the chickpeas 
Eli: ok, anything else?
Frank: no, I think that's it. You can get some orange juice if they have the fresh kind. 
Eli: Alright, I'll check. 
Frank: cool, thanks.
Summary: Eli is about to check out in a shop. Frank wants Eli to buy some spinach, tomatoes and orange juice. 
Dialogue: Paul: have you ever been on a cruise?
Paul: it's so much fun!!
Katelin: i've never been but i've always wanted to
Paul: my family is going on a  cruise next year and i'm inviting some friends to come along
Paul: are you interested?
Katelin: YES!!!
Katelin: are they as good as they say they are?
Paul: they are and more :-D
Paul: once you ride the ship you don't have to worry about anything
Paul: there's unlimited drinks and food
Paul: pools, entertainment, casinos...
Katelin: that sounds like heaven :-D
Katelin: i'd love to join you guy
Katelin: when is this happening??
Paul: may
Katelin: definitely count me in
Summary: Paul is going on a cruise next year in May with his family and he invites Katelin to join them. She is excited, as she never went on a cruise but always wanted to.
Dialogue: Amanda: I have lost my swimming costume!!!!
Joiner: oh no!!!!!
Amanda: I had it last week and now it's disappeared!
Joiner: Have you got an old one?
Amanda: maybe...let me look
Joiner: If you can't find one we will have to go for a walk instead.
Amanda: Ok, see you soon!!!
Summary: Amanda lost her swimming costume. If she can't find one, Joiner and she will go for a walk.
Dialogue: Kareen Low: Good morning Ms Miller, just wanted to say thank you for your advice yesterday. These "nose pills" are really working!
Miller Pharmacy: Good morning Ms Low, I'm glad to hear it. Get well soon!
Kareen Low: Just one short question: can I take the rhinopront pills and use nose spray at the same time?
Miller Pharmacy: I should think so BUT only sparingly and only if your nose is still blocked.
Kareen Low: Thank you.
Miller Pharmacy: You are welcome!
Summary: Ms Miller from the pharmacy gave Kareen Low the "nose pills". She can take them with the spray with restraint and only if the nose is still blocked.
Dialogue: Martha: <file_other>
Martha: I sent you a link to online shop with animal food
Martha: Please buy 5kg bag of this product i sent you for our cats.
Martha: We're running out of food for them,
Jim: Sure. I'm on it.
Martha: Thanks.
Summary: Jim will buy 5 kg of cat food at Martha's request.
Dialogue: Sis: come downstairs
Keira: whyyyyyy
Sis: ima tell you something
Keira: argh.. coming
Summary: Keira is going downstairs because Sis wants to tell her something.
Dialogue: Charles: hello dr. herman i'm doing this new diet and i think it's giving me bad breath
Dr. Herman: sorry to hear that
Dr. Herman: the good news is that the diet is working
Charles: what can i do to take care of the bad breath>
Dr. Herman: drink loas and brush your teeth as often as you can
Summary: Charles has a new diet. It's effective, but it's giving him bad breath. 
Dialogue: Sara: I’ll come a bit later :/
John: Ok
Sara: I’m stuck in traffic....................
John: :/
Sara: It must have been an accident or sth
John: We’ll wait, don’t bother
Summary: Sara will be late, she's stuck in traffic.
Dialogue: Shelly: Look at this adorable picture of Keeley
Shelly: ,File_photo>
Mary: ahh she is so pretty looks like her dad
Shelly: I know it is scary isnt it 
Mary: just like lewis as a baby
Shelly: she has no hair either
Mary: I see her mum puts those bow on her head
Shelly: I know I dont like them they slip over her eyes
Mary: oh yes take them off when shes with you
Summary: Little Keeley looks like her father Lewis as a baby. Shelly does not like Keeley wearing a bow.
Dialogue: Andy: Suh?
Luke: Not much. S'up?
Andy: You played dat new game yet?
Luke: What new game?
Andy: OMG! You dunno?
Luke: No. Tell me.
Andy: OMG! OMG! OMG!
Luke: Still waiting...
Andy: Oh, c'mon! Srsly?
Luke: Yeah, seriously. What new game?
Andy: The new Assassin's Creed is out!
Luke: U joking?
Andy: Nah. Got it. Playin it.
Luke: Don't believe it. Show me.
Andy: <file_photo> Well? :)
Luke: You... Dunno wat to say...
Andy: LOL :P 
Luke: What's the plot?
Andy: Not tellin. Go and buy it. 
Luke: Short on cash now. Can I come over?
Andy: Y? 
Luke: Well, you can let me play, eh?
Andy: Nope. Not a chance.  
Luke: Y?
Andy: Just got it. Need to have some fun first.
Luke: Oh c'mon! PLEASE!
Andy: Fine! Stop whining!
Luke: THANK YOU!
Summary: Luke will visit Andy to play the new Assassin's Creed.
Dialogue: Alisha: have you seen this new guy?
Amber: George?
Alisha: ya
Amber: sure, he is so cute
Alisha: do you have his facebook?
Amber: <file_other>
Summary: Amber has seen George. Amber thinks George is cute. Amber has him on facebook. 
Dialogue: Sam: Do you guys miss me? 
Annie: duhh
Ian: What kind of question is this 
Annie: xd
Sam: I am just bored
Sam: Can't focus on my studies xd 
Summary: Sam is bored and cannot focus on studies.
Dialogue: Cynthia: Brett, think I saw you at the mall today
Brett: just got back. where'd you see me?
Cynthia: in the Vans store
Chelsea: lol, he never wants to shop with us
Brett: i went with my little brother
Chelsea: yeah right
Summary: Brett was shopping at Vans store with his little brother. Cynthia spotted him there.
Dialogue: Erica: Hi, how are you sweetie?
Chandler: hurling
Erica: throwing up?
Chandler: all-the-time
Erica: poor baby
Chandler: brb
Erica: :*
Summary: Chandler is feeling sick.
Dialogue: May: Hi! I just got three tickets for Muse concert, wanna join? :)
Jay: Whaaaat!!! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!
May: hahahaha :) So?
Jay: Of course! When, where?
May: In two weeks, O2.
Jay: Omg, this is perfect!
Jay: Who else is coming?
May: I'm going with Mark. Basically we got two tickets, but our colleague couldn't come so...
Jay: Omg, thank them so much! :D
May: No problem ;)
Jay: I owe you a bottle of wine for this! <3
May: Hahaha, don't be silly :)
Jay: Can't wait, oh my, really can't wait <3
Summary: In 2 weeks May, Jay and Mark will go together to a Muse concert at the O2 Arena.
Dialogue: Ava: at what hour do you plan to go home?
Millie: right after work
Millie: around 6PM
Ava: good, I forgot my keys again
Ava: let me know when you'll be close
Millie: will do
Summary: Millie is coming home from work around 6 pm. Ava will be waiting for her because she has lost her keys.
Dialogue: Paris: I'm reading and watching new things about those fucking Muslims who kidnapped those girls in Nigeria!
Ronald: Yeah... I have read about it as well...
Paris: They shot 4 girls because they were stubborn and uncooperative. It means they didn't want to learn fucking islam
Ronald: That's fucked up
Summary: Paris and Ronald are mad at Muslims that kidnapped and shot 4 girls in Nigeria.
Dialogue: Tom: We should invite some people finally
Kate: I know, I'm just so tired after the move
Tom: I know, but they keep asking me when we will organise the house warming party
Kate: sure...
Tom: so?
Kate: Surly not this weekend
Tom: no, i think we could do it in May
Kate: But it's in two months
Tom: Sure, you're tired.
Kate: haha
Tom: If we tell them now that it's in 2 months, they will not ask anymore but wait for May
Kate: maybe it's a strategy
Tom: of course it is!
Kate: ok, you can start telling them about May 😛
Summary: Kate and Tom are going to organize the housewarming party in May as a lot of people want to see their new place. Kate is still very tired after the move.
Dialogue: Isabelle: ready for the test tomorrow?
Riley: Sure! You?
Isabelle: yeah... no. i'm sitting next to you, right?
Riley: Like hell you are.
Isabelle: thanks :* love you too :* <3
Riley: <3
Summary: Isabelle and Riley are having a test tomorrow. Riley is prepared. Isabelle will sit next to him. 
Dialogue: Mike: hurry up, the customers are waiting
Afande: im on my way back
Afande: i'll be there in 10
Summary: Afande is coming back in 10 minutes as the customers are waiting.
Dialogue: Peter: Hey maniac, have you seen Blinded by the lights by Zulczyk?
Andrew: Yeah, finished it yesterday. It was truly wicked. I watched the whole season in 2 days. 
Peter: wooow
Andrew: I barely slept
Peter: which VOD platform is it on?
Andrew: HBO GO, first month is free. So even you can afford it haha.
Peter: Fuck off :D 
Andrew: jk!
Peter: Weekend plans seem to be sorted then. 
Andrew: You won’t regret brother. 
Peter: I'm gonna try and beat your record though
Andrew: good luck with that :P
Peter: laters
Summary: Andrew watched "Blinded by the lights by Zulczyk" in two days and finished yesterday on HBO GO. Andrew will watch it at the weekend.
Dialogue: Joseph: We'll join you tomorrow
Peter: why? I though you're following us till Sankt Gallen
Molly: I wanted to stay a night in Liechtenstein
Molly: We find it interesting and cute here
Andrew: pity you didn't say before, we'd have changed the plan
Molly: Sorry, we improvised, you can come back here
Andrew: Maybe we will, but I heard it's expensive there
Molly: I doubt it's more expensive than Sankt Gallen
Summary: Peter and Andrew expected Joseph and Molly to follow them till Sankt Gallen. Molly decided to spend a night in Liechtenstein and invites Andrew and Jospeh to come along.
Dialogue: David: Did you get it mate?
Paul: Sure did! It's fucking dynamite! I'm high as a chicken pie!
David: I'll be over in 30min to collect.
Paul: Can you get some skins on the way cause I'm out.
Summary: Paul is high. David will come in 30 minutes. Paul asked David to bring some rolling papers.
Dialogue: Hugh: Winter is coming...
Naomi: It's not funny anymore...
Hugh: Look out the window
Naomi: Hmm...
Naomi: Winter is coming, indeed!
Hugh: Time to get some warmer clothes out of the closet
Naomi: It seems so. And I haven't even bought any winter boots yet...
Hugh: You better do it before there are knee-deep snowdrifts
Naomi: White nightmare again...
Naomi: You do realize that it's inevitable, yet when it actually comes, you're always surprised...
Hugh: True, every year the same story
Naomi: I haven't even got my winter coat out of the closet and would already be happy to put it back there...
Hugh: Well, it's no use complaining about something you can't control or change
Naomi: Still, it makes me feel a little better
Naomi: Strange as that sounds... :)
Hugh: Okay, if you say so
Summary: Hugh and Naomi need to get some warmer clothes out of the closet as the winter is coming.
Dialogue: Elijah: And Sanchez is still struggling at Old Trafford......😜😜😜
Fav:  face ur club and leave Alexis alone.
Shrestha:  LoL and what has Micki or Auba has done till now, at least he is playing CL football here not Europa 😂
Abdi:  There's no trophy for participation 😂😂
Seth:  He's simply being overpaid, and more of a liability to Manchester United
Summary: According to Seth, they overpay Seth Sanchez for playng for Manchester United.
Dialogue: May: When will you update on ao3?
Jane: I don't know, sorry :(
May: Please don't tell me you stopped writing it!
Jane: No, no, I didn't, but I don't have the time to do it
Jane: I really want to finish it, I invested so much in the story and I still love them, so I'll definitely keep on writing
May: Where are you working now?
Jane: Huh, at home, but I got a quite time consuming project and I need to finish before the deadline, otherwise they probably won't hire me again
May: Oh, I see. Don't worry love, I understand <3
Jane: I was thinking that maybe I should write something, like an announcement?
May: Hm, yeah, but if you do it, everyone who follows you will get a notification that the work's been updated
Jane: I know, I don't want to get the readers hopes up, but it seems unfair not to tell them anything at all
May: Well, there was no update for over half a year
Jane: I feel terrible about it, if only I had more time :( I need to be reasonable, but trust me that I want nothing more than to continue. I don't want to lose all my readers
May: You won't, you didn't lose me for sure and I think there are many more as mad as I am ;) especially as a new trailer just came out, so the fandom is on the rise again :D
Summary: Jane doesn't have time to update ao3. She's working at home now. Jane considers writing an announcement about the status of ao3.
Dialogue: John: Mary has a fever, I’m afraid we won’t be able to come.
Martha: Oh no, it’s such a shame!
John: She’s really sorry that we can’t join you on this special day.
Silvia: Send her my regards, if you need anything, please let me know.
Christine: I’m sure there’ll be plenty of occasions to celebrate, get well!
John: Thank you, Mary sends her love
Summary: Mary has a fever, so she and John can't join the celebration.
Dialogue: Piotr: <file_gif> 
Jackie: Haha omg Trump 
May: The world is making fun of him
Piotr: 🤣
Summary: May, Jackie and Piotr are laughing at Trump.
Dialogue: Vivian: going for a walk
Vivian: wanna join?😊
Lorna: A nap is a better idea atm
Lorna: have fun
Vivian: you too 😊
Summary: Vivian offered Lorna a walk but she preferred a nap.
Dialogue: Fred: Hey, how are you?
Jessica: Well, thanks. You?
Fred: A bit bored... I was looking for some tv series to watch.
Jessica: What kind of series?
Fred: I don't know, some sci-fi maybe...
Jessica: Have you seen the Handmaid's Tale? It's maybe not sci-fi, but a bit dystopical, so kinda close.
Fred: You mean dystopian?
Jessica: Haha yes, sorry!
Fred: What is it about?
Jessica: Can't tell you, you must watch yourself!
Fred: Oh, OK. Is it on Netflix?
Jessica: I don't think so. Try subsmovies.com
Fred: Thanks, I will.
Jessica: Don't forget to tell me if you liked it!
Fred: Sure!
Summary: Fred's looking for a sci-fi TV series to watch, Jessica recommends Handmaid's Tale. He can watch it on subsmovies.com, because it's not on Netflix.
Dialogue: Bob: Dear friends! For those who don’t know, Nancy and I are moving to Spain. We off in a week! 
Kelly: good luck! X
Joanna: all the best! keep posting!
Kim: Congratulations.. I guess ;)
Emma: Wow! Sounds like constant holiday!
Jo: keep us updated! good luck guys!
Andy: can't wait to visit! ;)
Bob: you're more than welcome to visit ;)
Andy: cheers mate! hope the move goes well
Helen: How exciting! oh, i wish you could take me with you!
Steven: enjoy your new life! we're gonna miss you! 
Marisa: looking forward to hearing all about it! x 
Summary: They wish good luck to Bob and Nancy, who are moving to Spain in a week.
Dialogue: Diana: Can I call U?
Peter: in 20 min, ok? 
Peter: working now...
Peter: or is it sth urgent?
Diana: kind of.. but can wait 20 min
Peter: good
Diana: :-) :*
Summary: Diana will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Dialogue: Lilly: I have been looking you in Balcony for 20 minutes where are you at? 
Eric: I am in the classroom. Lecture has already started. Hurry up
Lilly: Oh I am coming
Summary: Lilly's looking for Eric, he's already in the classroom.
Dialogue: Patrick: OK I finished TBBT and my life is officially over! what am I gonna watch now? :( :(
Louise: I know the feeling! went into separation anxiety when Scrubs finished :(
Chris: You like Scrubs??? I could never get into it! didn't find it funny at all
Patrick: Yeah, it was just alright for me too.. but I don't like medical shows in general
Louise: You guys are missing out! maybe you should give it another shot, that shows is hilarious!
Summary: Patrick has finished watching TBBT and is looking for something to watch. Louise liked the Scrubs series and it was hard for her when it finished. Patrick doesn't like medical shows. 
Dialogue: Eva: I've signed the agreement
Tina: You did? omg so happy for ya
Eva: Thanks:) I am super excited
Barb: Omg babe! awesome!
Eva: hahaha thanks! I didn't know it's gonna be so emotional!
Barb: Hell yeah! It's kinda binding for 25 years you know, kinda scary
Eva: I know, but, Mat and I are getting married so after that we're gonna consolidate or sth and pay it off together faster
Barb: You guys are getting married? 
Eva: Yes we are! you didn't know? 
Barb: First time hearing this
Tina: No worries I just found out myself
Barb: Anyway! Congrats love! You guys are awesome!
Eva: Thank you so much! It's an exciting time
Barb: Well I hope we're all invited for the housewarming party
Eva: Of course! I'll be sending emails
Summary: Eva signed the agreement. She and Mat are getting married. They will organize the housewarming party in their new flat.
