Dialogue: Peter: hi guys, it's time to decide!
Luke: what are the options?
Peter: explained in my email
Kim: Thanks for all Peter
Luke: Peter please remind me again
Peter: remind what?
Luke: the 3 options
Peter: read the email
Luke: didnt get it
Peter: you replied to it
Peter: read the email
Kim: ok, so when do we have to pay if we go for 2 or 3? because I dont think anyone really likes 1, right?
Peter: guys, please READ everything, it takes 3 minutes
Peter: I put some effort into it, dont make me repeat it here it doesnt make sense
Kim: ok ok 
Stella: Hi, I've just read it and I'm in for Place 2
Stella: For obvious reasons
Luke: why?
Stella: They accept pets
Luke: seriously??? youre going with the dogs? :/
Stella: Of course. Why not?
Kim: dont be afraid luke :) :)
Luke: im not afraid
Stella: Right...
Luke: Stella, I thought we made it clear, but ok...
Stella: Clear about what?
Luke: just adults, no kids, no pets
Stella: The dogs are adults :)
Summary: Peter sent an email explaining 3 options and wants to make a decision. Kim and Luke are confused. Stella is in for Place 2 and she is going with her dogs.
Dialogue: Markus: Did you go to the march yesterday?
Tony: I certainly did
Markus: I saw it all online. Awful violence, such a  disgrace.
Tony: Yes. A big disgrace. I saw a couple of scuffles myself.
Markus: There were these Neo-fascists punching and pushing with these Antifa people, in the end he pushed him over and started kicking him until his girlfriend got in between them.
Tony: Yes I saw that one. Very violent.
Markus: What about the second one?
Tony: Well effectively it was the same one again. The cameraman wasn't happy with his angle the first time, so he told them to do it again.
Summary: Markus went to the march yesterday and saw Neo-fascists fighting with Antifa. Tony watched the entire march online.
Dialogue: Terry: <file_other>
Terry: did you see this interview with Kit Harrington?
Ann: Yeah, I laughed so hard
Ann: <file_gif>
Terry: hysterical to me :D
Summary: Ann saw the interview with Kit Harrington and it was hysterical to Terry. 
Dialogue: Hal: Xmas is coming
Daphne: and ...
Hal: and I'd like to know what you would like to get this year
Daphne: surely not the Chinese crap you gave me last year
Hal: thought it was funny
Daphne: ridiculous rather. give me three days to think ok?
Hal: OK, otherwise I'll have to come up with sth and u know I'm not that good at it
Daphne: you bet
Summary: Hal wants to know which present Daphne would like for Xmas, as last year she didn't appreciate Hal's gift.
Dialogue: Jacob: Hey, how was your summer break?
Marsha: hey, it was wonderful
Marsha: I've been to Paris for a month.
Marsha: gorgeous place, nice people, tasty food
Jacob: good to hear that
Marsha: how about you?
Jacob: I was working the entire time.
Marsha: here or abroad?
Jacob: I stayed, because I got attractive offer
Jacob: It wasn't that bad after all
Jacob: I made good money :)
Marsha: you worked as who?
Jacob: warehouse assistant
Marsha: You must be exhausted after vacation :P
Jacob: To be honest, I got used to physical effort
Marsha: so... last year ahead...
Jacob: ya, any plans or hopes?
Marsha: I just want to finish major
Marsha: then we will see
Jacob: same as me
Summary: Marsha was in Paris for a month during her summer break. Jacob worked as a warehouse assistant the entire time.
Dialogue: Ronald: Can you imagine, I have again missed my appointment at the dentist!
Carol: Ronald you moron, don't you remember how long did it take to set it up?
Ronald: I feel bad about it
Carol: I bet you don't, you were afraid so you missed it on purpose
Ronald: That's so untrue! 
Carol: That's more than true :P
Ronald: I'll go there and make the appointment again!
Carol: Please do and try not to miss it the next time
Summary: Ronald miss his dentist appointment again.
Dialogue: Lauren: Anyone wants to meet me on ground floor Murray? 
Lauren: for last minute studying before the final 
Anna: I can't! 
Jake: Im already here
Jake: next to Starbucks
Lauren: K I am coming to you
Summary: Lauren and Jake are meeting up to study before the final. 
Dialogue: Stacey: guys, we have to start thinking about presents for mom, dad and grandma.
Steve: true. Any ideas?
Olly: didn't mom used to want this massaging thingy?
Stacey: nah, she's over that already.
Steve: Another book? She likes that historical fiction author, what's her name...
Stacey: Vanessa Williams. We can look into that, but I wouldn't be surprised if mom had all her books.
Olly: If we run out of ideas there's always something with lavender, she loves it
Stacey: we got her lavender stuff 3 years ago, but it's always a plan b
Steve: ok, let's think about Dad maybe
Olly: That's an easy one - he wants a toolbox
Steve: umm... I got him a toolbox last month...
Stacey: why??
Steve: I was visiting and he insisted on going to the store and buying it
Stacey: bummer
Olly: o, didn't he want to refurbish that old nightstand? wouldn't a grinder be useful for it? I don't think he has one.
Stacey: yeah nice idea - they're quite affordable actually <file_other>
Steve: approved. What about grandma Jean?
Stacey: Well, I was thinking we could buy her like a pass for several visits to this massage therapist she likes so much. You know she has back problems and loves visiting that lady, but she doesn't really have the money to do it as often as she would like to
Stave: great idea
Olly: think so too, she's gonna love it
Stacey: ok, so apart from the research we have to do on mom's present, we're pretty much done deciding. I can take care of gran's gift btw
Olly: I can ask dad about what mom wants
Steve: Then I'll buy the grinder
Stacey: <file_gif>
Summary: Stacey, Steve and Olly will buy a grinder for their father and a massage voucher for their grandmother.
Dialogue: Tia: Hiya, I wanted to take Ollie to the cinema Saturday is that ok with you?
Claire: Yeah of course, he'll love it! x
Tia: have you got his discount card somewhere? 
Claire: Yeah I'll bring it when I drop him off. Are you still ok to keep him until after dinner? x
Tia: yup, Betty will love it. Not sure how much they will eat after a bucket of popcorn though! 😆
Claire: I'm sure deep down popcorn is a vegetable! x
Tia: indeed. Elaine, are you joining us?
Elaine: ah that sounds lovely but we are going to see family in York this weekend. Have fun!
Claire: which film are you watching? x
Tia: the new Mary Poppins, Betty has been asking for it for ages. Thought Saturday might be a good opp. Enjoy your trip Elaine!
Claire: Cool! I heard it's good. Hope Ollie behaves for you... x
Tia: I'm sure he will!  
Summary: Tia will take Ollie and Betty to the cinema on Saturday. They will watch Marry Poppins. Claire will bring Ollie and his discount card. Ollie will stay at Tia's for dinner. Elaine won't join, she will visit her family in York.  
Dialogue: Tom: What's the road to Austin?
Margret: Leaving home, you have to drive downtown
Tom: OK, and after?
Margret: Afterwards, you have to take Washington Road and turn right 2 miles later
Tom: It's 16th road?
Margret: Right. Then you join the motorway and you have to drive 30 miles
Tom: And I take exit nr 15?
Margret: That's it. Have a nice journey!
Summary: To go to Austin, Margret has to leave home, drive downtown then take Washington Road, turn in the 16th Road, drive 30 miles more and take exit no. 15.
Dialogue: Camilla: I'm almost there
Diana: I won't make it before 7, traffic is horrible today
Elisabeth: Just don't race
Diana: too late
Elisabeth: what happened?
Diana: we just had an accident
Elisabeth: God, nothing serious I hope
Camilla: Diana, are you there?
Diana: sorry, no, a little crash but we're talking to this women that hit us
Diana: a very unpleasant situation
Camilla: is she insured 
Diana: she's not even sure
Camilla: what a moron
Diana: indeed
Elisabeth: Diana, we will start without you then, join us when you manage to get out of it
Diana: ok, sorry
Summary: Diana had a car accident. Some woman hit them. She'll be late for her meeting with Camilla and Elisabeth. They'll start without her.
Dialogue: Armando: do you want me to bring some smoothies?
Vivi: I'm lactose intolerant
Armando: how about fruit smoothies then?
Vivi: <file_photo>
Armando: I make my own oath milk btw
Vivi: yes please! <3
Armando: ok I'll be at your place with smoothies at 5
Vivi: see u soon! ;*
Summary: Armando will bring lactose free smoothies to Vivi's place at 5. 
Dialogue: Jim: We should meet at the cathedral church
Tim: which one is it?
Margaret: lol, the biggest one, THE church
Tim: ok, hahaha
Summary: Jim, Tim and Margaret will meet at the cathedral church.
Dialogue: Pauline: What time is your flight coming in on Friday?
Hans: we land at 13.20  
Pauline: Brilliant. I will pick you guys up
Olga: great! have you got a car that fits us all?
Pauline: you only have a tiny bum so should be fine. you can sit between the car seats. 
Olga: ah cool
Hans: what about your kids though?
Pauline: I'll have to ask someone to watch them for an hour or so... 
Hans: that would be very cool thanks! 
Pauline: no worries, I am so excited to have you guys!
Olga: so are we! kids have been shouting about it for a month already! 
Pauline: are they excited about the flight?
Hans: very much so!
Pauline: can't wait to see them!! 
Olga: see you on Friday! xx
Pauline: see you soon! have a good trip! x
Hans: see you Friday and thanks again! 
Summary: Pauline'll pick Hans, Olga and their children up when they arrive on Friday at 1:20 pm. Before that Pauline'll have to ask somebody to take care of her children while she's absent.
Dialogue: Cora: Yawn! Bored!
Francis: Why don't we do something together?
Kevin: Like the 3 of us?
Francis: Sure! Y not?
Cora: I'm all ears... eyes actually :P
Francis: Well, we could go out 4 food?
Kevin: Pretty hungry myself ;) Thai?
Cora: Indian?
Francis: Fusion? I've heard about a gr8 restaurant in the city centre!
Cora: And then what? Just eat and that's that?
Kevin: No! Absolutely not!
Summary: Cora, Francis and Kevin will go out to eat.
Dialogue: Phillip: Hi, Liz, why don't you come over for the weekend.
Liz: I am not sure if I should.
Phillip: Why?
Liz: I don't know. I think we are moving too fast
Phillip: Really?
Liz: I'll think about the weekend and get back to you.
Summary: Liz will let Philip know if she's going to come over for a weekend.
Dialogue: Kiersten: Hello, I’m interested in buying some of the book you have for sale.
Philip: Great, which of them?
Kiersten: All of the psychology handbooks, I’m beginning my studies right now.
Philip: Congratulations! Very well, they’re all still available.
Kiersten: I’m glad, can you give me a discount if I buy them all?
Philip: Hm, I think it’s possible, of you take all 10 it may a 5% discount from the overall prize.
Kiersten: Only 5%? It’s not much, I’ll have to think about it.
Philip: OK, let it be 10% but remember that you need to pay for the shipment.
Kiersten: That’s acceptable for me, of course, I understand. 
Philip: So which shipment option are you interested in?
Kiersten: I think for me the best is a regular post, with payment after delivery.
Philip: Sure, so I’m going to send the package today, it should get there  in 3 days, I’ll send you the confirmation.
Kiersten: Great, thank you :)
Summary: Kiersten's buying all psychology handbooks from Philip. She'll get 10% off, but she'll pay for the shipment. The package will arrive in 3 days.
Dialogue: Ben: Hi honey, I booked our flight to NYC!
Ben: But it was a huge stress.
Sarah: Hi Ben, what happened?
Ben: You won't believe it, I misspelled our last name on the ticket.
Ben: I don't know how it happened b/c I double checked the application.
Ben: I was sure everything was correct.
Sarah: Oh no, and were you able to change it after the payment?
Ben: Not exactly, I contacted the airline support center.
Ben: And I was told that I have to cancel those tickets and re-book with the correct surname.
Sarah: And there were still seats available?
Ben: Yeah, I was lucky enough to find free seats.
Sarah: So what about the payment?
Sarah: Did they block your money?
Ben: They blocked the sum twice.
Ben: But I was told that one payment will be unlocked once they receive the cancellation.
Ben: So up to 3 WD.
Sarah: OK, that's not so bad.
Sarah: All is well that ends well :)
Summary: Ben booked their flight to NYC. He misspelled their last name and had to make another reservation, so they blocked the sum twice. They will unlock the payment in maximum 3 WD. 
Dialogue: Donald: Hey Honey, I'm afraid I won't make it to this parents' meeting in school on time
Dorothy: Shoot, I think I'll be late as well!
Donald: Do you have phone number to Mrs Collins? We could call her
Dorothy: Well, it's possible that I have it somewhere…
Donald: OK, I'll call her and let her know that we'll be late
Dorothy: Thanks, you're an angel!
Donald: No problem, luckily for us we won't have to sit through the whole meeting :D
Dorothy: Come on, they are not that boring XD
Summary: Donald and Dorothy won't make it on time. Donald will call Mrs Collins to inform they will be late to the parents' meeting.
Dialogue: Frank: what will be for dinner?
Claire: nothing special
Frank: can you try to do something good?
Claire: my dinners are always good
Frank: i meant something better than frozen pizza
Claire: if you dont like my pizza you can cook
Frank: pizza sounds great
Summary: Claire frequently serves frozen pizza for dinner.
Dialogue: Monica: Hi! I'm going to the zoo with the little ones, are you home?
Adam: Adam here, Tessa left her phone at home, she's at her mother's
Victoria: Brilliant idea, my dear! I'll happily join you!
Monica: Adam, is everything all right? Is Tessa's mum ill?
Adam: Nothing serious I believe, she's feeling a bit under the weather so Tessa decided to help her out a bit, I'm stuck at home with the kids
Monica: If she needs any help, I'm happy to help.
Monica: I was thinking to go around noon, after lunch?
Victoria: Fine for me, meet you at the entrance!
Summary: Monica will take the kids to the zoo around noon, after lunch. Victoria will meet them at the entrance. Tessa is at her mum's and Adam is stuck with the kids. 
Dialogue: Fanny: where are you?!!! why are you not here at the office??!?!
Jay: i overslept -- i'm really sorry!!!
Fanny: WHAT?!?!? ARE YOU BEING SERIOUS?!?!?
Jay: yeah i'm sorry
Fanny: UNBELIEVABLE
Fanny: the meeting can't start without you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: we've been preparing this for months!!!!!!!!!!!
Fanny: HOW CAN YOU NOT BE HERE?!?!?!
Jay: i'm getting ready, trust me, I'll be there soon
Fanny: HURRY UP!!!
Jay: i'll be there in no time
Fanny: GET - HERE - FAST!!!!
Fanny: everyone is starting to get antsy
Fanny: and i've run out of things to say
Jay: if you stop texting me i'll get there faster
Jay: just let me get ready, i'll hop in the car and go
Fanny: ok i'm gonna stop texting
Fanny: just get here FAST!!!
Summary: Fanny is very upset with Jay oversleeping on the day of the big meeting. Everybody is waiting and Jay is rushing over. 
Dialogue: Ted: hey r u going to the gym?
Jack: yup
Ted: k c u there
Summary: Ted will see Jack at the gym.
Dialogue: Frank: you look amazin' today <3
Macy: <3
Macy: thnx :) 
Frank: red is your color :)
Macy: <gif>
Frank: :)
Summary: Frank likes Macy's red outfit.
Dialogue: Arlene: Good morning <3 I just wanna say I love you and wish you a good day!
Ryan: I love you too, sweetie
Arlene: And I miss you!
Summary: Arlene loves Ryan and she misses him. Ryan loves Arlene.
Dialogue: Ruby: How about u?
Tony: I didn't buy that much ;) I'm waiting 4 Cyber Monday!
Ruby: So, what did u buy?
Tony: A jacket, 3 ties and a pair of loafers.
Ruby: So, getting all smart? ;)
Tony: Yeah. Changing jobs soon and the new one has a dress code, so need to be ready.
Ruby: And what about Cyber Monday?
Tony: What about it?
Ruby: What are you going to buy, stupid? ;)
Tony: Just one thing: a big screen TV! Like 65 inch, 8k!
Ruby: 8k 4 a TV?! So how much does it normally cost?
Tony: Oh, no! 8k means it's got the best quality screen on the planet. But it costs a lot.
Ruby: Counting on a huge discount? :)
Tony: Sure am :) if the price doesn't drop, I'm not buying it. 
Ruby: Anything instead, then?
Tony: Will just stick to my old one and w8 4 better deals.
Ruby: Sensible.
Tony: I know.
Summary: Tony bought some clothes to his new job but he's waiting for Cyber Monday to buy a modern, huge screen TV.
Dialogue: Lily: <file_photo>
Lily: <file_photo>
Lily: thank you again for a lovely time yesterday
Lily: you guys are the best hosts
Rosa: awwww thanks for the pics
Rosa: and thank you for coming!
Lily: next time, I cook :)
Rosa: great :) 
Summary: Lily had nice time at Rosa's yesterday. 
Dialogue: Michelle: you know how everyone says oscar is a saint?
Paul: yes -- and they say it because he's a saint! lol
Paul: i've known the man for years :-D
Michelle: if you only knew...
Michelle: i'll give you some piece of juicy gossip when i see you later today :-)
Summary: Everybody says Oscar is a saint. Michelle has juicy gossip for Paul.
Dialogue: Donald: Could you bring me
Donald: My lunchbox tomorrow
Donald: I forgot at your house
Jayson: What?
Jayson: ooh okay 
Jayson: I almost forgot you were at my place yesterday
Donald: Thanks bro
Jayson: I have two lunchboxes here red and blue
Donald: wtf?
Donald: Oh yea
Donald: Dylan also forgot his lunchbox
Jayson: XD
Jayson: I will bring them tomorrow don't worry
Summary: Donald left his lunchbox at Jayson's place yesterday. Jayson has a red and blue lunchbox at his house that aren't his. He will return one to Donald tomorrow.
Dialogue: Edward: Rachel, I think I'm in ove with Bella..
rachel: Dont say anything else..
Edward: What do you mean??
rachel: Open your fu**ing door.. I'm outside
Summary: Edward thinks he is in love with Bella. Rachel wants Edward to open his door. Rachel is outside. 
Dialogue: Alisha: Have you eaten the Pizza which i made for you?
Kotten: Yeah I have, it was too delicious
Alisha: ty honey :)
Summary: Kotten ate the pizza Alisha made and found it delicious. 
Dialogue: Morgan: Don't forget about the meeting
Abby: How can I forget when you keep talking about it every 10 minutes
Morgan: You know that it is important to me
Abby: I know
Abby: Don't worry I'll be there
Morgan: Thank you
Summary: Morgan and Abby will attend an important meeting.
Dialogue: Peter: When did you last time see Eric?
Paul: I think about a month ago
Peter: Me too...
Peter: At Brenda's birthday
Paul: That's strange
Paul: He never skipped trainings
Peter: First I thought he was sick 
Peter: I even sent him a message to see if he was ok
Peter: "I'm fine, mate"
Peter: This is what he wrote
Peter: Nothing more
Paul: Maybe he's having difficult time
Paul: But I have no idea why would that be
Peter: Maybe we should visit him
Peter: He was never really close to me but I'm worried
Summary: Peter and Paul saw Eric last time a month ago at Brenda's birthday. Peter sent him a message, but Eric was laconic.
Dialogue: Baltasar: how's the party going?
Baltasar: <file_gif>
Ulla: hey, it's ok
Ulla: I'm feeling cold though
Baltasar: It's very warm here today
Ulla: you are really lucky
Ulla: It hailed here last night
Ulla: the streets were covered in ice, it looked like snow
Ulla: what are you up to today?
Baltasar: I will go down to the beach, it's a great day for it :)
Ulla: wow
Ulla: that sounds amazing 🌞
Ulla: I pray for warmer weather 🙏
Baltasar: I know the feeling, I'm so glad spring is around the corner
Ulla: for sure 
Ulla: Gtg.. I'll spk to you a bit later ;)
Summary: Ulla is at a party and she's feeling cold. It hailed last night. Baltasar will go to the beach as it's warm here.
Dialogue: Doug: Have you seen Jim's latest post?
Luke: Yes... unfortunately.
Doug: Hell, I know one can dislike a politician, but to be so happy about someone's death... creepy.
Luke: Yeah, that's what I thought.
Doug: Julia says that it's ok because we have freedom of speech.
Luke: Freedom of hate speech?
Doug: Indeed.
Luke: I think Facebook is doing strange things to people's heads.
Doug: I know... damn, life was simpler when we didn't have all this technological crap around us all the time.
Luke: Hell, I'd be so happy to be a teenager again.
Doug: Yeah, same here.
Luke: We're old complaining wankers, you know that, right?
Doug: Yeah... lol.
Summary: Doug and Luke are appalled by Jim's Facebook post in which he is happy about a politician's death. They are remembering the good old times.
Dialogue: Tiffany: do you get spam email?
Andy: LOADS
Andy: every - single - day :-(
Tiffany: i've started to get a lot of spam
Tiffany: i wonder why that is?
Andy: did you recently subscribe to a newsletter or something like that?
Tiffany: mmmm not that i can remember
Tiffany: but i did sign up to receive special offers from my favorite online store
Andy: bingo! that's the culprit
Summary: Tiffany and Andy get loads of spam emails. Tiffany subscribed to a newsletter to get special offers from her favorite online store.
Dialogue: Monica: Tomorrow's the day when we set the clock back by one hour.
Monica: Days will be longer, isn't that fantastic?
Henry: Hmm, yes and no
Henry: No - because I'll have to get up 1 hour earlier
Henry: Yes - because after a workday ends, I'll have one more hour to manage until it's dark outside
Nancy: Henry's got it right.
Nancy: And I couldn't wait to have that shift in time tbh
Nancy: Days've been beautiful lately and now they'll be longer. Just perfect!
Monica: So we all seem to be very optimisitic about that change
Monica: And I think it's high time to plan some holiday, it'd be a sin not to go away somewhere and have a rest for a couple of days
Nancy: Definitely, this year Mike's taking me to Majorca. I'm soooo excited!
Monica: Lucky you!
Monica: I'd like to go to the mountains. For me it's the best time to explore such places
Monica: And besides, it's a perfect way to rest the brain...
Hank: Very nice ideas, ladies. Hope all goes as planned for you :)
Monica: And how about you, Hank?
Hank: It's going to be a busy summer. The roof of my house needs some repairs so I've already accepted lack of vacation this year
Monica: Well... it's hard to envy you what you're up against, Hanky...
Summary: Monica, Henry and Nancy are optimistic about tomorrow's change of time. Monica suggests to plan some holiday. Nancy's going to Majorca, Monica wants to go to the mountains while Hank's going to repair the roof of his house.
Dialogue: John: Did you see the new Bladerunner film?
Pete: You mean the one that is a few years old versus the one that is decades old?
John: Yeah. :-)
Pete: Yes I have.
John: Any good?
Pete: I'd say it's definitely worth watching.
John: Thanks for the advice. Shall definitely give it whirl on pirate bay then.
Pete: <file_photo>
John: Hahahaha!
Summary: Pete has seen the new Bladerunner film. He recommends it to Pete. Pete is going to pirate the movie.
Dialogue: Ralph: Have you been out with the dog?
Ruth: Not yet. Can you do it please?
Ralph: Don't want to. It's dark and rainig.
Ruth: I know, but someone has to, last time it was me. Dogs can't stay all at the time at home.
Ralph: OK, I'll go. Where's the umbrella?
Ruth: In the entrance, next to the coat track
Ralph: Found it. I'm going. Tell me good luck
Ruth: Don't you exagerate? It's only a walk and it's just raining
Summary: Ralph wants Ruth to take the dog for a walk. She doesn't want to because it is dark and raining, but gives in.
Dialogue: Tim: I'm leaving in 10 min, get ready
Tony: I'm ready
Elisa: me too
Jeff: Do you know where to park here?
Tim: No, I've never been in that part of the city
Jeff: oh no, it's very difficult to find a parking spot here
Tim: so maybe I'll wait for you in the car?
Jeff: yes, but you cannot stop there longer than 3 min
Tim: god, how strict
Jeff: so if we have to wait for somebody, you will have to find a place to park
Tim: or go around a bit
Jeff: yes, this is kind of a solution 
Tim: so get ready and wait for me!
Summary: Tim will be leaving in 10 min to pick up Tony and Elisa. Jeff warns him about scarce parking available with 3 minutes of waiting time allowed. They will either find a parking spot or circle around in case they need to wait on someone.
Dialogue: Tim: I think I love you a bit?
Anne: Only a bit? 
Tim: Well, maybe a bit more :)
Anne: :)
Anne: <file_gif>
Anne: You love me like this?
Tim: O even more than this <file_gif>
Anne: Me too.
Summary: Tim loves Anne.
Dialogue: Caro: Hello dear Kate! How are you? How is life?
Kate: Nice to hear from you! Back from your travelling?
Caro: Why don't we meet up and have a good long chat?
Kate: Sure enough! Will you be coming to town soon?
Caro: I might. When would it suit you?
Kate: I always have Wednesday afternoons free. We close at 1 pm.
Caro: Shall I pick you up from the shop and we'll drive up to some cozy pub?
Kate: Nice of you but I'll have to get my car. I can't leave it in town.
Caro: Of course. Stupid me. So shall we meet somewhere in town?
Kate: I'd rather go somewhere else. Have enough of town every day :(
Caro: How about this pub next to the golf course in Bulwell? What's it called?
Kate: Tee and Ball I think. But they don't open until 5 pm.
Caro: True. So let's have lunch in Rack and Pinion. They have this fabulous salad bar there.
Kate: Oh yes. That's a splendid idea! I haven't been there for ages. Shall we meet there?
Caro: At 1:30?
Kate: I won't manage I'm afraid. I still have to clear up after closing the shop. And do some paper work. How about 2:30?
Caro: Sure. Suits me fine. Maybe I'll book a table? Aren't they usually full at lunchtime?
Kate: They may. Better not to take chances.
Caro: And I can ask them to book us this table in the lounge bar. The one in the bay window.
Kate: That would be a treat!
Caro: We deserve it, don't we?
Kate: :))
Caro: Then see you there!
Kate: Love!
Summary: Caro came back from her travelling. Kate and Caro are meeting for lunch in Rack and Pinion on Wednesday at 2:30pm. Caro will book them a table in the lounge bar.
Dialogue: Eve: Are you at your parents'?
John: I'm going after work
Eve: How so?!
Eve: You don't have a day off?
John: I'm working until 3 p.m.
John: And after work I'm heading home
John: Fortunately I got day off for Christmas Eve
John: And on Boxing Day I have second shift
Eve: Oh nooo, I guess we won't see each other!
John: :((
Summary: John is working until 3 p.m. and then going to his parents. He got a day off for Christmas Eve and he's working a second shift on Boxing Day. John and Eve will not see each other then.
Dialogue: Darren: Pete's still fast asleep I checked
Darren: if James tells you that I dared him to drink all that vodka he's a fucking liar I swear
Darren: I did tell him however, that he's turned into a lightweight and prissy baby
Darren: and I got you that dress you were admiring at that boutique on Madison
Emilia: He's got a concussion but he'll be fine. And thank you for the dress.
Emilia: But it doesn't change the fact that you were *both* acting irresponsibly.
Darren: ...
Darren: Em, I'm sorry.
Emilia: I know you are, but it doesn't make me any less worried.
Emilia: ESPECIALLY since Pete was under your care tonight
Darren: I know, I know, I screwed up big time tonight.
Darren: but to be fair, James only got drunk *after* Pete was taken care of
Darren: *and* James and I haven't seen each other in ages
Emilia: I know, which is why i was all up for you heading out and me staying in with Pete
Emilia: But plans change and the moment they do, you should have acted maturely.
Darren: I do act maturely!
Emilia: Yeah, most of the time. But whenever James is in the picture it's like you stop thinking.
Darren: how long have you felt this way?
Emilia: ...
Darren: huh
Darren: why didn't you tell me?
Emilia: Tell you what? Your best friend isn't good for you? I figured you needed a wake-up call. I just hoped it wouldn't be tonight while I was covering my shift.
Darren: Shit, i really did mess up.
Emilia: Look, I'm not angry. i mean, i *was*
Emilia: But I get it
Darren: I'll make it up to you?
Emilia: After tonight? You better!
Summary: Emilia is disappointed with Darren's behavior. He got drunk while Pete was left with him. 
Dialogue: Sienna: Think Serena will win the Aussie?
Fred: Just hope she doesn't go off on another ref!
Sienna: That was OTT!
Fred: FWIW, I don't disagree with her, but she handled it poorly.
Sienna: Agreed.
Fred: She had to know that the world was watching.
Sienna: Yeah, you don't act up like that when you're a pro.
Fred: Agreed.
Sienna: Anyway, hopefully things go well for her. No grand though.
Fred: No, but that's a hard thing to do!
Sienna: True, but she has before!
Fred: I think her time is done, unfortunately. She's a mommy now!
Sienna: A fierce mommy!
Fred: Yes, but time to retired and let the younger kids do their thing.
Sienna: Maybe...
Fred: What else you doin today?
Sienna: Just hanging out. Didn't have to work so got some stuff done. You?
Fred: Same. Just chillin'.
Sienna: Too bad we didn't get together.
Fred: Free next week?
Sienna: Nah. Going home for x-mas early. Back to work on x-mas eve and all through the holidays.
Fred: That sux!
Sienna: Such is the life of a med student!
Fred: Well, poke me when you're free and we'll meet up. I'm not doing anything over the break.
Sienna: Not going home?
Fred: Nah. Nothing to go back to and can't afford it.
Sienna: Gotcha. We'll see ya'!
Fred: Cya!
Summary: Fred thinks Serena won't be such a good player anymore. Sienna has some free time now but she has to work during the holidays. Fred is also free right now and he has no plans for the break.
Dialogue: Ava: Your test results are not good.. If you donot improve , i will be forced to contact your parents
Richard: Ma'am I swear , i am trying my best..
Ava: No you aren't.. if you were, i would have seen some difference from your previous results..
Richard: Ma'am , You can ask Bella.. I'm studying with her ..
Ava: See me tomorrow in my office and bring Bella too.. Her test scores are not good either
Richard: Sure ma'am.. But i promise that i have started studying and soon you will see good scores...
Ava: I am looking forward to that day.. 
Richard: Will meet you tomorrow ma'am..
Summary: Ava wants to see Richard and Bella tomorrow to discuss their bad test results. Richard studied for the test together with Bella. If his results don't improve, Ava will contact his parents. 
Dialogue: Dan: Hello everyone, I just sent you all an e-mail with a poll regarding my video making tutorial. Please vote on the topics that interest you the most, preferably by the end of the day so I can prepare everything. Thanks!
Andrew: I'm on it
Summer: Voted!
Chris: Alright, thanks again for doing it, Dan!
Dan: My pleasure :)
Ellie: Yay, voted!
Dan: <file_gif>
Summary: Dan was given a positive feedback on a poll concerning his video making tutorial.
Dialogue: Linda: hey, call my other line, ill be off today
John: okay
John: i will
Summary: John will call Linda. 
Dialogue: Pat: Have u guys hear about this surgery online project?
Kevin: No! Who came up with the idea?
Lou: I've heard about it. Some Polish hospital is going to stream the whole surgery.
Kevin: Rly?
Pat: Yeah. And there are a couple more hospitals that are going to do the same.
Lou: As far as I've heard simultaneously.
Pat: Rly? Didn't hear that one. 
Kevin: But y?
Lou: So that other surgeon can learn.
Pat: I thought it was because ppl are curious what's it like.
Kevin: Well, I'm not. Do you know who came up with the idea?
Lou: Nope, sorry.
Summary: Some Polish hospitals will stream surgeries on the Internet.
Dialogue: Andrew: So France and Belgium have some problems...
Andrew: <file_other>
Ryan: I've seen the news
Ryan: Horrible
Ryan: But they still publicly state that they're concerned about Poland
Andrew: Fucking hypocrites
Ryan: I agree. That's taken hypocrisy to the whole new level.
Summary: France and Belgium have problems. For Andrew and Ryan they're hypocrites for criticizing Poland.
Dialogue: Alice: are you still in Warsaw?
Bryan: nope, not anymore, already at work :(
Alice: :( you should've called ! 
Bryan: it was late already and I was there just for a short while
Alice: every time is a good time ! why did you come tho?
Bryan: Caroline had to pick something up, i came with there because I didn't want her driving alone that far
Summary: Bryan has already left Warsaw. He was helping Caroline with transporting stuff.
Dialogue: Sara: all tickets sold out (*￣m￣)
Janice: whaaaaaaat
Rita: :<<<<
Sara: goodbye ed sheeran (ToT)
Janice: we should have checked that earlier
Sara: didn't expect it would go so quickly ://
Sara: 2hrs...
Summary: Ed Sheeran tickets are sold out as Sara reports.
Dialogue: Leo: babe, our credit card is not working??! 
Victoria: have no idea
Leo: did you go shopping after work?
Victoria: yeah, but didn’t spend much i guess
Leo: what do you mean you guess? How much did you spend?!!
Victoria: not that much. Took some stuff mostly to try them out at home.
Leo: it doesn’t make me feel better!
Victoria: oh, don’t be like that! I’m gonna return some of them so we’ll get money back
Leo: some? You can’t keep spending money like that! Mostly on things that you don’t really need!
Victoria: calm down! I don’t want to admit it but i know you’re right
Leo: thanks babe! Please don’t be mad. Just think we.. I mean both of us spend too much. We should start putting aside some money for a deposit on a house.
Victoria: like the idea!
Summary: Leo and Victoria's credit card is not working. Victoria went shopping after work and bought a few items to try out at home. She is going to return some of them to get the money back. Leo thinks they should save more for a deposit on a house. 
Dialogue: Miranda: Hernandez has a new soap opera
Camila: really?
Miranda: yeah
Camila: what is it called
Miranda: Amor bravio
Camila: when does it start?
Miranda: i think next week thursday
Camila: fantastic, cant wait
Miranda: me too
Camila: haha, hernandez never lets us down, i bet it will be dope
Miranda: me too
Camila: cant wait really
Camila: thanks for the alert
Summary: The new soap opera by Hernandez is titled "Amor bravio". It starts Thursday next week.
Dialogue: Reed: its out  x__x
Harvey: the trailer
Reed: yeah, go watch it on youtube
Harvey: alright 
Summary: Reed tips off Harvey about a trailer on youtube. 
Dialogue: Hyatt: watch channel 6 now
Nickleby: whats on?
Hyatt: ah i see is that Stu?
Palin: himself!
Nickleby: couldnt miss it :)
Summary: Hyatt recommends Nickelby and Palin watching Channel 6 now. 
Dialogue: Tobias: Hi Dave
Tobias: I'm looking for a car for myself
Tobias: R U still in the business?
Dave: Yo Tobias!
Dave: Sure, I make a pretty good living on that :)
Dave: What kind of car do you need?
Tobias: Actually, any with a Diesel engine and at a bargain price
Tobias: I don't care if it's cool, it must go forward and backwards
Dave: You're not too demanding :D
Tobias: You know, I've got my own philosophy on motorization
Tobias: I try to avoid being attached to material things
Dave: Then you're quite extraordinary
Dave: I think I have something just for someone as special as you
Tobias: Can't wait to find out what's that
Dave: Audi A3, year 2008, Diesel, awesome acceleration, perfect for urban driving
Tobias: Sounds good! And the price?
Dave: I wanted to sell it for 6 000 dollars
Dave: But I can reduce it to 5 and a half, for old times' sake
Dave: What do you say?
Tobias: For now I can offer you 5 thousand, and not a cent more
Dave: Alright, find another 200 and it's yours
Tobias: You're driving a hard bargain, dude
Tobias: But what the hell...
Tobias: When can I come and take it for a test drive?
Dave: I'm home all the weekend so feel free to drop by any time
Tobias: I've got a lot of time on my hands on Saturday's aternoon
Dave: I got it! I'm sure you'll love it :)
Tobias: I hope so
Dave: Good!
Dave: Well... see ya on Saturday
Summary: Tobias wants to buy a car. Dave offers him an Audi at a good price so Tobias is going to take it for a test drive on Saturday.
Dialogue: Hayden: hey, did you pick up tickets for the football game?
Lori: no, i was going to, but something came up at work.
Hayden: i'm by the stadium now. I'll get them.
Lori: ok, cool. don't forget that andrea is joining us.
Hayden: oh right. should be different having a steelers fan with us this time.
Lori: Yeah, she's pretty outspoken. Noisy too
Hayden: i think we handle it. you know how we are.
Lori: yeah, it'll still be fun
Hayden: did you buy a new jersey to wear?
Lori: yes, i did
Hayden: hope you keep it away from Pepper this time
Lori: yes, i'm keeping it out of reach. she wont get a bite out of this one
Hayden: cool. i'll wear mine too
Lori: did the ticket price increase go into affect?
Hayden: no, i think thats next month
Lori: good. they're already high enough as it is
Hayden: definitely. i miss the prices they had 10 years ago
Lori: yeah. it was a lot easier to go to a game then
Hayden: Cool. i'm at the ticket window now. ttyl!
Lori: Later!
Summary: Hayden will buy tickets for the football game for himself, Lori and Andrea. Hayden and Lori will wear their jerseys. Pepper distroyed Lori's old jersey.
Dialogue: Alexinho: Just posted the new youtube video of me beatboxing :D
Bart: Has the upload finished??
Alexinho: Yaaaaaas
Bart: ahaha alright going to watch it!
Alexinho: Let me know what you think, had an issue editing but no one will notice.
Bart: You should ask Peter for help when it comes to editing stuff, he knows some stuff.
Alexinho: Thanks. Will make sure to speak to him when I make the next one.
Summary: Alexinho has just posted a youtube video where he shows his beatbox skills. Bart is going to watch it. Alexhino confesses that he had some issues with editing. Bart recommends asking Peter for help.
Dialogue: Monica: so when is this trip?
Josh: 14 - 27 Jan
Monica: really?
Monica: I thought they are staying a little longer there...
Josh: Nope, 27 is the last day
Josh: when can you come?
Monica: I can take a flight 24 Jan at night at earliest..
Monica: let's chek the flights and if it works, we can go.
Josh: 25 is kind of late...
Monica: yeah, I know, but I can't make it any earlier
Monica: if you want we can go there 25 and then stay some more days without them...
Josh: ok, let's check the flights
Monica: <file_other>
Monica: there's a cheap flight on 25 , look!
Josh: yeah but it is only to Tanger...
Monica: and where's his place?
Josh: fb says his house is close to marrakech..
Monica: <file_other> , here is the ryanair one to marrakech :D
Josh: 80 is still a good price, isn't it?
Monica: for me it's fine
Monica: if we are  there at 7 pm will sb pick us up?
Josh: I think it is doable
Josh: google maps says that his house is on the outskirts od marrakech
Monica: so we can stay with them 2 days and then another 4,5 in the city, hmm?
Josh: yeah, makes sense
Monica: let's call him first if he can pick us up from the airport and if yes then we gonna buy the tickets, hm?
Josh: ok, I'm in ;-)
Summary: Monica and Josh are going to Marrakesh, Morocco for few days. They will stay 2 days with their friends and 4 days alone. They will stay at their friend's.
Dialogue: Sally: Where’s the dinner
Nichelle: In the fridge.
Sally: No it’s not mum
Nichelle: Impossible! I’m sure I left it there!
Sally: <file_photo>
Nichelle: Well that’s great, it seems that Tim ate it.
Sally: I’m gonna kill him -_-
Nichelle: Just order the pizza, I’ll pay.
Nichelle: You may eat it on your own ;)
Sally: Thanks mom
Sally: He even admitted doing it! And said he’ll do whatever he wants!!
Nichelle: I’ll talk to him, don’t worry.
Sally: He should be grounded!
Nichelle: Calm down, I’ll take care of it
Sally: You let him do everything!!!
Nichelle: Baby, he’s sick.
Sally: Yea, blah blah blah!!
Summary: Tim ate the dinner that Nichelle left for Sally. Sally will order pizza and she can eat it on her own. Nichelle will talk to Tim who should be grounded. 
Dialogue: Anthony: Hello my dear Helen! After all these happy-new-year greeting it's time for a recap. Here is a bit of a pictorial review of my year (well holidays really) - interested?
Angela: Great to hear from you again and so soon. Sure I'm interested.
Anthony: Starting with kayaking in May, including Hetty, Ken, Joss (Hetty’s son) and Sarah on the team-sheet.
Anthony: 5 day’s kayaking, where we paddled from the North Sea to the Atlantic Ocean, along the Caledonian Canal in Scotland. It is mainly Loch Ness and three smaller lochs, joined up by canal sections, and is about 65 miles long.
Angela: Ant the weather? Scottish?
Anthony: It was the most perfect weather ever (we have had that sort of a summer).
Anthony: <file_photo> and the most stunning countryside.
Anthony: <file_photo> The head of Loch Ness where we wild-camped in an idyllic bluebell glade. Yes this really is Scotland!
Anthony: <file_photo> Me being inert on Loch Lochy.
Anthony: <file_photo> And with Joss and Sarah.
Angela: Wait a sec!
Angela: I don't understand kayaking in these flimsy objects.
Anthony: They aren't flimsy having polyethylene hulls.
Anthony: And some photos from our sailing trip in The Hebrides:
Anthony: <file_photo>
Anthony: So my sailing trip was back to the Hebrides, but this time to the northern part. Again the weather and scenery were perfect.
Angela: Can't believe it! Looks absolutely stunning.
Anthony: In August I spent 23 days along the Silk Road, from Kyrgyzstan, into western China, then Takikistan and Uzbekistan:
Anthony: <file_photo>
Anthony: <file_photo> One night I woke up in my Yurt, to find this kitten snuggling up to me.
Angela: Looks as if you were about to take it along with you.
Angela: Did you sleep in yurts?!
Anthony: A marvellous trip through some amazing cities, and spectacular mountain scenery in hotels, guest houses, “home stays”, and camping in Yurts.
Anthony: <file_photo> And finally over Christmas in Morocco with Sarah and Zof.
Angela: Zof again? I wish you did!
Anthony: With Zof and her boyfriend plus Denis I had a week cycling on the Sahara side of the High Atlas mountains in Morocco. The cycling was a bit boring, but we went to some great places and had a great trip.
Angela: Very impressive. Thanks for sharing!!!
Summary: Last year Anthony did a lot of travelling all around the world. He did kayaking, camping, sailing and cycling.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey.. hows married life going? 
Huda: yes good.. how are you and all? whats up?
Alice: Nothing we have started a new setup remember told you about it? ... we all are working together... operating from my house
Huda: wow thats good to know... once i was part of the plan .. you guys didnt bother asking me?
Alice: i am sorry Huda but we thought you have just got married you need to time to settle then we will ask you to join...
Huda: but atleast you should have informed me that this plan has been executed.. dont be offensive but wasnt it all my idea? and i am no where there...
Alice: there is nothing to be offended dear.. you are the master mind and you will always be we have just worked on the plan that you made.. you will have to be there for the second step ... its just that we wanted you to enjoy the early days of your marriage thats it..
Huda: shit marriage...  i have moved out and divorcing him
Alice: WHAT!!! are yyou seriouss???
Huda: He has kind of mental illness.. i dont know what? all of a sudden he would start screaming crying hitting me swearing on me... and next moment he would be find and ashamed of his behaviour... i cant take it anymore so i just decided to leave him.
Alice: but he is your husband now shouldnt you be helping me recover from the disease?
Huda: i dont know if its a disease or his way of living because it was a disease he would have forgotten about what he did but he knows what he is doing..
Alice: hmmm.. that makes sense... may God help you but please before making any decision think alot and consult your parents...
Huda: yes.. once i am done with this all would join you guys
Alice: sure we would be honoured.
Summary: Alice has started a new setup. She didn't tell Huda about it. Huda decided to divorce her husband. She will join the project once she is done with her problems.
Dialogue: Karen: missed my bus!!
Karen: I'm gonna be a little late, I'm so sorry!
Natalie: how much is a little? 
Karen: ... 15 minutes? :(
Natalie: God! Why do you always do that to me?!
Natalie: I'm gonna freeze to death here! 
Karen: then find some nice restaurant and get inside
Karen: just tell me where you are and I'll join you as soon as I can.
Karen: I'm really sorry... 
Karen: <file_gif>
Natalie: well ok... but the drinks are on you! 
Summary: Karen will be 15 minutes late, because she missed her bus. It is really cold outside, so Natalie will be waiting for Karen in some restaurant and let Karen know where she is.
Dialogue: Roy: hey, do you have a lighter??
Vick: i dont smoke.. 
Roy: so, not
Vick: no
Summary: Vick doesn't have a lighter, as she doesn't smoke.
Dialogue: Monica: dear friends, I'm writing to you because Ross and I broke up so in the following months I'm asking you to avoid inviting both of us for the same events. I wish it wasn't necessary but right now I can't bring myself to hang out with Ross. I hope you understand
Liam: oh shit im sorry
Pamela: omg are u ok? do you need some place to stay or anything?
Monica: I'm not really in a place to talk much about it
Monica: yes I'm staying at my parents'
Liam: can u tell us what happened?
Pamela: don't push her Liam
Monica: I'll tell u more when we'll meet up
Pamela: ok we will make sure to schedule events to make it easier for you
Liam: I'm still shocked you split
Pamela: me too
Monica: to be honest, it looked way better from the outside than it reallywas
Pamela: :C
Liam: take care Monica, we stay in touch
Pamela: I'm sorry to hear that
Monica: yeah...
Summary: Ross and Monica broke up. Monica wishes not be invited to the same events as Ross. Monica doesn't want to give more details right now. Monica is staying at her parents' place.
Dialogue: Lionel: What's your name?
Simona: You see my channel right?
Lionel: Yeah, what's your name?
Simona: Like, the one in the channel, dude. 
Summary: Simona's channels name is her real name too.
Dialogue: Jane: It was nice to work together today!
Lori: Indeed
Lori: It’s a pity we haven’t come across each other earlier
Lori: It was really productive
Jane: Would you like to join our team?
Lori: That would be amazing!
Jane: I’ll talk to my manager tomorrow. 
Jane: But I’m sure she won’t mind. 
Jane: We work twice as fast with you on board!
Lori: I would prefer to work with you
Lori: I’m a bit bored with the other team
Lori: Your tasks seem more challenging
Jane: Sometimes too challenging!! ;-)
Lori: I’ll need to talk to my manger as well.
Summary: Jane and Lori worked effectively together. Lori wants to join Jane's team. Jane will ask her boss if it's doable. Lori will ask hers. Lori finds her current team's assignments too easy.
Dialogue: Lily: Why r u so sad?
Sandra: Something's happened?
Lily: Nope, I just feel a bit low today :(
Sandra: Wanna meet tody?
Lily: Sure!
Summary: Lily and Sandra are meeting to cheer Lily up.
