Dialogue: Dinah: and how are you? and the girls?
Elizabeth: we're fine, waiting for the weekend
Dinah: why don't you come for brunch on Sunday?
Elizabeth: great idea! I'll make a cake
Dinah: don't do anything! we have all we need, just bring the girls and relax in the garden
Elizabeth: I’m in! ;)
Elizabeth: but really, I don’t want to bother you
Dinah: are you out of your mind??? we miss you so much!
Elizabeth: <file_gif>
Dinah: you can come for a weekend, even on Friday afternoon
Elizabeth: thank you, really…
Dinah: I should have thought about it before!
Elizabeth: we have dentist on Friday
Elizabeth: but if I prepare everything tomorrow we could come on Saturday morning
Dinah: what are you going to prepare? just close the door and get in the car :D
Elizabeth: don't know... it's always hard to go anywhere with toddlers :')
Dinah: ok but remember we have all you need, so just take some pyjamas ;)
Elizabeth: thank you so much, I'll call you tomorrow
Summary: Dinah invited Elizabeth for the weekend. As Elizabeth has a dentist appointment on Friday, she will come with the kids on Saturday morning.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Are you going to stay till late tomorrow?
Nick: don't know
Nick: sorry, I can't tell you now.
Nick: you expect to much :P
Rebecca: :)
Nick: let's say I will
Rebecca: are you going to stay with them till 5 am
Rebecca: ;)
Nick: No, 2am max 
Nick: maaaaaaax
Rebecca: and that's what I call an answer :D
Nick: oh, so yeah i am then ;D
Rebecca: <file_other>
Nick: <file_gif>
Summary: Nick will stay until 2 am with some people tomorrow.
Dialogue: Darcey: We're going to see my favorite band next weekend!
Ellis: Who?
Darcey: Cheap Trick! I love them!
Ellis: Eh, don't know em really.
Darcey: They're from my home town so I have to be a fan! LOL!
Ellis: Oh, I see!
Darcey: They're with Def Leppard. The show is in Nottingham.
Ellis: Cool!
Darcey: I need to find a place to eat first. Maybe BrewDogs.
Ellis: Nah, that ones only pizza.
Darcey: Oh, damn. What about the Malaysian place below it?
Ellis: That was good. Try that.
Darcey: Maybe the greek!
Summary: Darcey is going to Cheap Trick concert next weekend. The concert will be held in Nottingham. Darcey needs to find a place to eat.
Dialogue: Sarah: tonight 8 o'clock?
Jenny: ??
Sarah: the gang meeting, Lexie didn't tell you?
Jenny: no...
Sarah: we're meeting tonight at 8 pm at Ricky's. Can you come?
Jenny: I'll try.
Summary: Jenny will try to go to a gang meeting that will take place tonight at 8 p.m. at Ricky's. Sarah thought that Lexie had told Jenny about the meeting.

Dialogue: Fred: where are my car keyyyyyssssss!!
Michelle: must be in drawer or in your pant's pocket how would i know?
Fred: coz you cleaned house in the morning...
Michelle: i did but since i am out i cant find it please try to look around .. it would be here somewhere...
Fred: found it! 
Summary: Fred was looking for his car keys. Michelle cleaned the house in the morning but she didn't see them. Fred eventually found them.
Dialogue: Jack: Hey bro
Jack: Hows it going? Just reached university
Hugo: Very well
Hugo: Everything's fine here. U already taken the exam?
Jack: No way. We should get started in some 10 min.
Hugo: Alrighty. Im sending a video.
Hugo: Take a look at it as you can.
Hugo: <file_video>
Jack: Lol I remember about this one!
Jack: I knew the lines almost by heart
Hugo: True. "The bank went bankrupt because of ya!" Lol
Jack: In my case, its rather me who went bankrupt because of the bank.
Jack: They stole all my money.
Hugo: Same here.
Jack: Yeah... u mean your empty account, dont ya?
Hugo: Course... You bastard.
Jack: What have you prepared for lunch?
Hugo: Food.
Jack: Im impressed... why dont u try and join masterchef?
Hugo: Too good for such things bro. All the others wouldnt stand a chance.
Summary: Jack's examination should start in about 10 minutes. He remembers very well the video Hugo has sent him. It is about the bank that stole Jack's money.
Dialogue: William: Hey mum, where is the cake you baked yesterday?
Ava: hmm..why do you need it?
William: Well I just came back from school with Tasha and we could use something sweet you know:D
Ava: I see lovebirds <3 <3 <3
William: stop mum!
Ava: the cake is in th pantry room :D
Summary: Ava baked a cake yesterday and now it's in the pantry room, so William will have it together with Tasha as they just came back from school.
Dialogue: Ava: Have teacher assigned the projects already? :/
Noah: He gave us another week to do proper research
Ava: Glad to hear that
Noah: What would you be working on?
Ava: Havent decided yet, you?
Noah: Same
Ava: Hope to get ideas soon
Noah: yeah 
Summary: Teacher gave Ava and Noah another week to work on their projects. They didn't decide on the subject yet.
Dialogue: Jacob: Rob, did I leave my badge on the desk?
Robert: Yup man.
Jacob: How stupid!
Robert: I can take it for you and leave at Ann's
Jacob: That would be great! Very nice of you! Thanks!
Robert: No problem!
Summary: Jacob left his badge on the desk. Jacob will take it for him and leave at Ann's.
Dialogue: Adam: I need to pop in when in Poznan to see your flat eventually!
Nathalie: You're always welcome! Anytime! 
Adam: I'll be around in the summer time, so I'll text you then.
Nathalie: Looking forward to it! 
Summary: Adam will try to visit Nathalie when he's in Poznan in summer.
Dialogue: Jeremy: Can anybody of you drive a bus?
Gregory: lol, why?
Jeremy: we wanted to rent a bus for the wedding
Jeremy: but drivers are so expensive
Tobias: I see, but a driver goes with a bus I think
Tobias: like they own their buses
Emil: Ask John
Jeremy: we don't talk
Emil: why???
Jeremy: he behaved inappropriately toward Jenny
Jeremy: I don't want to see him
Emil: so he won't be at the wedding?
Jeremy: that's for sure
Summary: Jeremy wants to rent a bus for the wedding. He is looking for a driver. Jeremy is not talking to John because he behaved inappropriately towards Jenny. John won't be at the wedding.
Dialogue: Lara: My little girl's moving away! I'm so proud of you!
Lara: You are so brave to be doing this...
Jenny: thanks mom
Lara: I'll miss you so much!
Jenny: You can come to me to Manchester any time soon!
Lara: Love you!
Jenny: Love you too, honey!
Summary: Lara is proud of her daughter, Jenny, who is moving to Manchester.
Dialogue: Kaleigh: Heading to the library
Marc: Ok Im still eating
Marc: Be right there
Kaleigh: Ok 
Summary: Kaleigh is going to library. Marc is still eating, he'll come soon.
Dialogue: Hyden: <file_photo> 
Anna: I like your Christmas tree
Ursula: Nice! 
Summary: Anna and Ursula like Hyden's Christmas tree.
Dialogue: Olek: I made a reservation for two of us 
Veronica: At POPs? 
Olek: Yes
Veronica: Thanks
Summary: Olek made a reservation at POPs for him and Veronica.
Dialogue: Jonathan: Are you going to spend this summer also in Vaduz?
Marianne: yes, I like it there
Jeffrey: Do you speak German already?
Marianne: not really, some words
Marianne: it's very difficult
Nick: I thought Peter would help you
Marianne: I thought so too
Marianne: but we speak English almost all the time
Jonathan: why?
Marianne: we're too lazy
Marianne: and he has no patience whatsoever
Jeffrey: pity, but seems common
Jeffrey: Marie has never taught me French really
Marianne: it works good in theory only
Summary: Marianne is spending summer in Vaduz. Marianne doesn't speak German well, because she speaks English with Peter all the time. Marie has never taught Jeffrey French.
Dialogue: Paula: Bring some booze 
Jenny: I won't drink
Jim: I'll buy wine
Paula: as you wish
Summary: Jenny won't drink. Jim will buy wine.
Dialogue: Mae: What kind of studies do you pick easily?
Cael: Why are you asking so?
Mae: Just tell me
Cael: Visual learning much more fast
Mae: We would ask our professor for visual learning then
Cael: We would have to ask CR to talk to him then
Mae: We would
Cael: Who else is with us?
Mae: I am talking to Maya and Jacob
Cael: Great
Mae: I have been reading these books but cant understand much :(
Cael: Same here :P
Mae: Hope to get better grades when our mode of teaching is changed
Cael: Yeah
Mae: Will talk to you later, Maya is calling me
Cael: Ask her to call me as well
Mae: See you
Cael: tc
Mae: :)
Summary: Cael and Mae would have to ask CR to talk to their professor about visual learning. Maya cannot quite understand the books she's reading and she hopes to get better grades when their mode of teaching is changed. 
Dialogue: Camille: I'm tired of this nonsense
Hubert: What happened?
Derek: ???
Camille: Fucking committee
Camille: I need to send additional documentation
Camille: Again...
Derek: That's annoying 
Summary: Camille needs to send additional documentation.
Dialogue: Mariam: hey where are you
Oksana: i missed my bus D:
Oksana: but I caught another one
Oksana: another 10 min and i'll be there
Mariam: D:
Mariam: oh crap
Mariam: I'll try to stall
Mariam: you need to be here to yell surprise with us!!!
Mariam: <file_gif>
Oksana: i'm on my way!!!!!
Summary: Oksana missed her bus and she will be there in 10 minutes. Mariam will try to stall, so that they can yell "surprise" all together.
Dialogue: Jimmy: how are you?
Finn: sorry can't talk I'm at work
Jimmy: ok talk to you soon
Finn: bye!
Summary: Finn is at work and can't talk.
Dialogue: Jude: I am on the university and this is ridiculous...
Zachary: What is ridiculous?
Jude: The line for the Dean's office... It is like 1000 people in front of me
Kathy: Didn't they introduce something to fix that?
Jude: Sure, they introduced a machine that gives out numbers. But guess how many
Kathy: 1?
Jude: Exactly! So imagine: there are a few offices for different studies and EVERYONE has to wait in line for this one number haha
Zachary: To be honest, I have noticed that there are huge lines at all Polish universities
Jude: I know, I know. And I am also here after 17. But what can I do, why do they have only one day with open hours from 17...
Zachary: Yea, that is stupid. Don't they know most of their students work?
Kathy: I have been here since bachelor studies and those hours haven't changed for years :)
Jude: But you know what is the worst? It closes in 20 minutes and I still don't have my number. And this is the last week to get that stamp for discounts...
Jude: Ok, I managed to get the stamp, but I will have to deal with other problems I have next week
Zachary: At least you will only lose time and not money and time :D
Summary: Zachary managed to get the stamp he needed for discounts. However, he will have to return to the Dean's office next week to solve other issues. Office hours are inadequate for working students, queuing is badly organised and takes a lot of time.
Dialogue: Theresa: Dylan, don't wait for me
Dylan: why, what's up?
Theresa: I need to stay with Granny a bit longer
Theresa: She doesn't feel well :(
Dylan: <file_gif>
Summary: Theresa's grandmother is not in the best shape. Theresa needs to stay with her and won't meet Dylan at a preestablished time.
Dialogue: Ethan: Wanna play basketball tomorrow?
Logan: Sure, how many people?
Ethan: I've got 5
Logan: I'll ask around, then!
Summary: Ethan and Logan will play basketball tomorrow. Ethan has already gathered 5 people who'll come to play.
Dialogue: Patricia: let's buy her some jewellery
Melanie: but remember: she HATES gold
Jenny: so silver!
Melanie: yup
Summary: Patricia, Melanie, and Jenny will buy her some jewellery.
Dialogue: Billy: cute profile pic
Melanie: thank you
Billy: is this your cat?
Melanie: unfortunately not :(
Melanie: my landlord doesn't let me have a pet
Billy: that's crazy that landlords are more strict about pets than about kids
Melanie: exactly!
Billy: do you wanna see mine?
Melanie: your kids or your pets?
Billy: haha
Billy: don't have kids
Melanie: then go on :)
Billy: <file_photo>
Melanie: omg it's a Sphynx!
Billy: Banshee is very intelligent but mean af
Melanie: is that true they meow all the time?
Billy: when they aren't castrated then yes
Billy: later on they are calmer
Melanie: look, I gotta go
Melanie: it was very nice talking to you :)
Billy: bye :)
Summary: Melanie doesn't have a cat even though she poses with one in her profile picture. Billy has a sphynx Banshee that is very intelligent and mean at the same time. 
Dialogue: Anna: hey girl... 
Isabella: hi Anna
Anna: what are you up to these days?
Isabella: nothing just sitting at home doing nothing.. summer holidays you know?
Anna: oh ok.. i have some data entry work to do.. would you like to do it?
Isabella: sure why not? tell me more about it
Anna: actually i have about 6 excel sheets but there is so much repetitive and useless data
Isabella: ahan
Anna: so i want you delete few columns and rows and remove the repetitive data
Isabella: is that all?
Anna: No, then there is a column for phone numbers there are some decimals in all the numbers you need to remove those.
Isabella: ok can you send me one sheet so i can have a look.
Anna: sure here you go <File:Excelsheet> 
Isabella: they are about 200 entries in this document what about others?
Anna: more or less same.y
Isabella: and how much your paying for it?
Anna: $10 per sheet
Isabella: ok i will do it send me all and tell me the deadline
Anna: ok check email and need them in 48 hours.
Isabella: ok i will send before time
Anna: Thanks
Isabella: your welcome.
Summary: Anna offers Isabella, who's free on summer holidays, a data entry work. Isabella accepts. She has to do 6 excel sheets, she'll get 10$ per sheet. They're due in 48 hours.
Dialogue: Ryan: Hi bro, how's it going?
Finn: Can't complain, mate. Still at the warehouse?
Ryan: For my sins, yeah. Bloody hate it, still pays the bills.
Finn: You ought to come and work with me, always looking for new guys, lots of fresh air!
Ryan: Bit too much for me, man. Coming out Friday night, usual time, usual place?
Finn: Try and stop me, looking forward, see ya then! 
Summary: As usual, Finn and Ryan will go out on Friday night. Finn wants Ryan to work with him but he says no.
Dialogue: Bart: when is her birthday?
Kelly: October 5th
Kelly: gees youre a bad father
Bart: fuck you
Kelly: watch it!
Bart: fine... I'm sorry just please help
Bart: I'm not in hte mood to fight
Kelly: fine get her the new iphone
Kelly: she really wants it
Bart: ugh fine
Summary: Bart's daughter's birthday is on 5th October. Bart will buy her a new iPhone.
Dialogue: Arnold: Hi Michael! Sorry for writing here, but I wanted to talk shortly about something.
Michael: No problem, what is it?
Arnold: I talked to Tom last night.
Michael: About our "household"?
Arnold: Exactly, it's a bit difficult to talk with you about it.
Michael: I know I haven't been the best flatmate recently, I am very sorry.
Arnold: I am glad you understand it.
Michael: So what did you want to tell me?
Arnold: That we think you should take a bit more care of the apartment.
Michael: I know, I expected it. I am sorry, I've had a difficult time recently
Arnold: No problem, you can always say that there are some problems so you won't do something, but we don't like that you're ignoring your commitments and our efforts.
Michael: it will change, I promise.
Arnold: ok, no problem :) let's talk when we're all home.
Michael: Tonight?
Arnold: yes
Michael: OK!
Summary: Arnold talked to Tom last night about the current situation at the apartment. Michael explains that he's been having problems lately and promises to care more about the flat. They agreed to talk all together tonight.
Dialogue: Gil: lets hangout maybe?
Jennifer: sure, where
Gil: i was thinking maybe my place? :p
Jennifer: again? :D
Jennifer: you remember what happened the last time we were at your place xD
Gil: i rememberrr :D
Jennifer: you sure your mom would be okay? xD
Gil: hey cmon now xD
Jennifer: xD
Summary: Gil and Jennifer want to hang out at Gil's place again.
Dialogue: Elisa: Ilo is turning 18 the 25th of march. Will you come?
Gil: i'd love to, but I have an operation on the 20th.
Elisa: nothing serious?
Gil:  my knee, i'm old now🤣
Elisa: too bad!
Elisa: tell me, you could come earlier, on the 12th?
Gil: yes why not?
Elisa: parents and family are invited for Ilo's prom. 
Gil: so early?
Elisa: in Poland they have a sort of prom in march.
Gil: i'll be proud to attend my goddaughter's prom.
Elisa: done. Let's do a surprise.
Gil: i'll keep my tongue.
Gil: i took my ticket. Arrival march 11st at 12:45, departure march 13th at 17:35
Elisa: good
Summary: Gil has a knee surgery on March 20th, so he can't come to his granddaughter Ilo's 18th birthday party on the 25th. Instead, he is going to come to her prom on the 12th. He is coming on March 11st at 12:45, and leaving on March 13th at 17:35.
Dialogue: Samantha: Where is the entrance to the building? Are you inside already?
Manuel: ohm you have to go from the back, sorry I didn't tell you
Cory: don't worry, everybody has a problem with it
Samantha: it's super weird
Summary: Samantha can't find the entrance. Manuel helps her.
Dialogue: Claudius: Hey everyone
Claudius: So as we planned, we would like to go somewhere drinking this weekend
Claudius: One night please xd
Claudius: What about Bar Studio at the palace of culture?
Klaudia: When? 
Claudius: Like this Friday maybe? 
Janek: Hmm I work Friday evening
Klaudia: no you're not xd
Klaudia: You just dont want to go with us xd
Brett: You think...
Brett: Bar Studio is great? I dont like that place that much xd
Janek: Yeah idk
Janek: Not my type of place either
Janek: I would like to check out Gagarin Warsaw 
Klaudia: Lol 
Claudius: K I feel like we can't agree on a location 
Claudius: Lets just go with the flow then
Brett: Thats what I always do
Brett: Just go with the flow xd 
Summary: Claudius, Klaudia, Janek and Brett would like to go for drinks this weekend. Claudius wants to visit Bar Studio, but Brett and Jacek are not fond of this idea. Claudius and Brett agree to choose a location spontaneously when they meet.
Dialogue: Rowena: I made too much dinner
Rowena: want some 4 tomorrow?
Agnes: sure, thanks!
Summary: Rowena will give Agnes left-overs from her dinner for tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Bernice: Hey big brother
Bill: Hey little siz
Bernice: I'm fine. You?
Bill: I'm cool too.
Bernice: How is school?
Bill: School is fine.
Bill: But i am closing next week.
Bill: What do you want me to buy you.
Bernice: Any edible would suit me.
Bill: Okay baby girl.
Summary: Bernice is Bill's little sister. Bill is doing fine at school, it ends next week. Bill will buy something to eat for Bernice.
Dialogue: Larry: Hi Jon did you get your papers today
Jon: yes why?
Larry: mine didn't turn up
Jon: no mine were here as normal
Larry: thats odd
Jon: I'm going down the shop later I will get yours for you what do you have?
Larry: the express please
Jon: I will ask why they didn't deliver to you
Larry: thanks mate
Jon: I'm at the shop mate, they said the express hasn't been delivered to them today so I will pick you up the mail
Larry: oh that makes sense then, that will do thanks mate
Summary: Larry's papers didn't turn up, so Jon went to the shop and discovered the express hasn't been delivered yet. 
Dialogue: Ellen: Hi, honey, sorry I've been so unreachable lately, the redecoration is a nightmare.
Kate: Don't worry, sweetie, what's wring with the redecoration?
Ellen: Well, nothing's wrong per se, it's just it's taking so much time, I barely sleep nowadays...
Kate: Isn't Paul helping you?
Ellen: He's trying the best he can, but you know how men can be, he doesn't know what goes with what and I wouldn't trust him with our kitchen floor tiles...
Kate: Oh, you're right. It's always women who take care of the aesthetics of it all... And they say we're only good in the kitchen. :D 
Ellen: Well, the kitchen is going to be spectacular so that part is true enough, LOL xD
Kate: Can't wait to see it. When are you finishing?
Ellen: I hope it will be ready by Christmas, but the workers are permanently late.
Kate: Oh yes, one of their many 'qualities'... :D
Ellen: Not that I don't like a beer now and then, but for Christs sake, they leave beer cans EVERYWHERE. How are they working if they're always tipsy?!
Kate: Steady hand, they say, hahaha
Ellen: Steady hand my ass, if they damage anything, I'm gonna kill them.
Kate: LOL
Ellen: Yeah, so to answer your question, the redecoration could go better but I'm counting on it to finish as quickly as possible.
Kate: Keeping my fingers crossed, hun and I can't wait for the housewarming party.
Ellen: You'll be the first to know! 
Summary: Ellen and Paul are doing the redecoration and it takes a lot of time. They want to finish it by Christmas but workers are permanently late. Kate is looking forward for the housewarming party.
Dialogue: Ian: Good morning
Samantha: Good morning
Ian: I would like to invite you to participate in a new course organized by Wellesley College.
Ian: It is Italian Language and Culture course opened on our platform on August 21st
Ian: Register for free to have instant access to all online and join the 5,000+ learner already studying online!
Samantha: Thank you very much. Till when should I sign in to the course?
Ian: Classes start the week of September 25th. The list closes on September 20th.
Samantha: Thank you.
Summary: Ian invites Samantha to enrol in the Italian Language and Culture on-line course organised by Wellesley College. If interested, Samantha has to enrol before the list closes on the 20th September. The classes start the week of 25th September.
Dialogue: Tom: where are you?
Linda: at the horrible library
Linda: it's so ugly here
Linda: really miserable
Jeff: haha, I know, very poor and forgotten
Linda: I'm not surprise most of young people wants to leave this country
Jeff: but it's not because the cities are ugly
Jeff: (nature around is very beautiful!)
Jeff: but because there are no perspectives, no jobs
Linda: I know, I can see
Linda: but I must move out, I won't stand it much more
Linda: and this horrible corruption, really hopeless
Tom: Maybe they should really unite with Albania
Linda: I'm not sure Albania is much better
Summary: Linda is at the library. She's disappointed both with this place and with the whole country. She's thinking about moving out.
Dialogue: Josiah: hey I have a problem getting fenugreek 
Riley: really? where did you try?
Josiah: at the pharmacies, all of them in the city i guess
Riley: but that's a herb, not a drug. you need to go either to a supermarket or to a herb store
Josiah: herb store? where do i find one?
Riley: there's one in the centre, in Washington's st
Josiah: ok thanks again!
Riley: no problem:)
Summary: Josiah looked for fenugreek at the pharmacies but he should have searched for it at the supermarket or an herb store.
Dialogue: Rob: Hey Joe, are you coming in to work today?
Joe: Oh shit, slept in.
Rob: hehe
Joe: I'll be there in 20 min.
Rob: Don't sweat it, I'll cover for you. Hopefully, the boss doesn't come into the warehouse before you come.
Joe: Ok, thanks. I can't believe my stupid alarm didn't go off!
Rob: No prob, see ya when you get here
Summary: Joe overslept and will be late for work. Rob is covering for him.
Dialogue: Brian: Hey, I'm running down to the grocery store. You need anything?
Rachel: Let me see... Where are you going?
Brian: I was thinking Trader Joe's. They're the closest store.
Rachel: In that case, can you get me some of those chocolate almond thingies? I love those.
Brian: For sure. I was thinking we could make something tasty for dinner, like chicken parmesan. What do you think? 
Rachel: Ooo that sounds delicious! You need to get chicken breasts then and some parmesan lol
Brian: So, we have nothing at home.. 
Rachel: Yep. Oh and don't forget my chocolate almonds! 
Summary: Brian will go to Trader Joe's to buy chocolate almonds for Rachel. They will make chicken parmesan for dinner.
Dialogue: Alvaro: How was your day?
Paulina: Good, went to the gym, did some shopping, studied a bit ^^
Alvaro: A busy day!
Paulina: Haha it’s nothing, no work so I consider it to be pretty chill :D
Alvaro: ;)
Summary: Paulina went to the gym, did some shopping and studied today.
Dialogue: Uma: Have you seen my phone?
Laila: LOL how are you typing now?
Uma: The other phone
Peter: Didn't know you had two phones 
Summary: Uma has two phones, and she lost one of them.
Dialogue: Andy: Laura don't be mad
Andy: please I'm sorry
Andy: I was upset over some things at work and just exploded
Andy: it didn't have anything to do with you
Laura: it must have since you yelled at me for an hour
Andy: sorry baby please come home :*
Laura: idk.
Andy: I ordered sushi and bought a bottle of your fave wine
Laura: I'll think about it.
Summary: Andy is sorry he yelled at Laura. He ordered sushi an bought a bottle of wine. 
Dialogue: Smith: Good morning Ms. Kowalsky.
Kowalsky: Good morning Mr. Smith. What can I do for you?
Smith: Could you take a look through your front window, towards the north?
Kowalsky: Certainly, Mr. Smith. I am going.
Smith: Can you see this grayish creature underneath the bush there?
Kowalsky: Yes. I can see something.
Smith: Can you say what is it?
Kowalsky: It's a small animal.
Smith: What kind of animal?
Kowalsky: Oh my God, it's a puppy.
Smith: That's what I thought.
Kowalsky: Oh, dear! Where does it come from?
Smith: Either it got lost somehow, or someone just threw it out.
Kowalsky: People can be so cruel.
Smith: I wonder what we should do?
Kowalsky: I suppose we should call authorities.
Smith: Good idea! You call them Ms. Kowalsky.
Kowalsky: Why should I? You are the one that spotted it!
Smith: But it's on your property.
Kowalsky: I should have known. Men are like that!
Smith: We have too many foreigners in this country. That's the problem!
Summary: There is a puppy at the property and Smith wants Kowalsky to notify the authorities about it.
Dialogue: Jonash: Did you hear about nick Jonas wedding with that Bollywood actress? 
Marc: Theyre crazy
Marc: I heard they knew each other for barely two months 
Marc: Before he proposed her 
Jonash: I know
Jonash: They look very happy together! 
Jonash: quite schocked when I heard that news
Marc: I like seeing them happy but idk 
Marc: Tbh with u 
Marc: I think I give them 2 years around that
Marc: XD 
Jonash: Knowing life
Jonash: I agree with u 
Summary: Jonash and Marc are gossiping about Nick Jonas wedding with the Bollywood actress.
Dialogue: Lola: @Kev I dont think I know how to open it
Kev: On my way!
Lola: Can you just write which entrance is it? cant figure :(
Diane: upper lock, anticlockwise
Lola: Studio2, but we are already there
Summary: Diane informs Lola that if she wants to enter she must use the upper lock anticlockwise.
Dialogue: Isaac: Hey babe :)
Khadija: hi my love <3
Isaac: I just got off of work
Khadija: ooh goodie :)
Isaac: I'll pick up some dinner and come right over
Khadija: Can't wait <3
Khadija: see you soon :-*
Summary: Isaac has just finished work. He will pick up some dinner and come to Khadija soon.
Dialogue: Angela: How's the party?
Brian: <file_gif> 
Angela: <file_gif> 
Angela: What time are you getting up tomorrow?
Brian: I have a meeting at 11am, so definitely not before 10 :D
Summary: Brian has a meeting at 11 am, so he's not getting up before 10. 
Dialogue: Maria: Anybody want to go jogging tonight?
Joseph: in the park?
Maria: or along the river, as you prefer
Tony: I'll join you
Maria: great!
Summary: Maria, Joseph and Tony are going jogging tonight.
Dialogue: Leo: good evening Padre. A small hello from Berlin where we're nicely settled since septembre. We missed Roma, his church, his parishioners and his priest. We often think about you. I hope you're fine. Regards Leo
Padre: Ciao mi cari!! thanks a lot. But you must turn the page.. We're far away but charity bring us closer. Here the life is still the same, people change but your Padre still the same. I embrace you all
Leo: Christmas thought . Leo
Padre: Ciao, grazie. Holly christmas to you all. Padre
Summary: Leo and Padre are exchanging greetings and Christmas wishes.
Dialogue: Blake: You!
George: What?? 
Blake: Mom is calling you for supper
Blake: You can't hear her yelling? 
George: Shit im coming downstairs
Blake: You better be 
Summary: Mom is calling George to come for supper. He's coming now.
Dialogue: Jamie: Never heard of him
Anne: If you're not kidding, are you in for a treat!
Jamie: not kidding, I'm (sad)? to say
Anne: He has a small but pivotal part in Get Out and he's fantastic as the lead in Sorry to Bother You. And while Death Note and The Girl in the Spider's Web aren't particularly good movies, he's good in them.
Jamie: thanks, I'll keep my eyes peeled 👍
Anne: Watch him in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Jamie: Sure, i will :)
Summary: Anne likes some actor even though she didn't enjoy his movies. Jamie never heard of him but will watch him in the tv series Atlanta with Danny Glover.
Dialogue: Scott: How's it going.
Paul: I feel down today.
Tom: Why is it so?
Paul: 3 years gone today since my dad passed away. 
Scott: I had no idea:(
Paul: This was one of our last photos together. 
Scott: You look all the best mates.
Paul: Those day we were.
Tom: Thinking of you buddy.
Sam: Me too. Thinking of you and your family today.
Adam: What a great photo.
Paul: Thanks, guys.
Sam: Top man your dad, Paul. Helped me massively throughout my younger years playing grade and forever thankful.
Tom: Forever in my heart.
Sam: Forever in all our hearts. I always loved and admired him as many did. 
Adam: Don't worry, sending hugs. Want to have a beer?
Paul: Not today. Prefer to stay home.
Sam: The pain never goes away. 
Tom: Lucky to have such a good memories.
Paul: Thanks, guys. 
Summary: It's been 3 years since Paul's father died.
Dialogue: Lisa: Hey there?
Steve: yea?
Lisa: Did professor give the homework?
Steve: Yeah he did, why didnt you come today?
Lisa: I was not feeling well
Steve: How are you feeling now?
Lisa: fine
Summary: Lisa felt bad. She didn't come to school. The professor gave the homework. Now Lisa is feeling good.
Dialogue: Rachel: did you enjoy the balloon flight?
Sally: oh yes it was beautiful I would do it again in the autumn the trees would look beautiful
Rachel: oh yes thats a good idea I might come with you I fancy doing it.. let me now if you organise anything
Sally: I will xx
Summary: Sally may organize an autumn baloon flight and Rachel may join her.
Dialogue: Matt: I'm waiting for my uber 
Matt: be there as quickly as I can 
Nick: ok, we're waiting then 
Matt: Thanks. Is Kate very mad? 
Nick: oh she's mad alright. 
Nick: you better have an excellent excuse:D
Matt: I do!
Matt: God why do I always have to be late when I always I tend to be on time.
Nick: LOL
Nick: <file_gif>
Matt: the uber driver doesn't know the way...
Matt: and this car is going to explode any minute now.
Nick: so what else is new? :D
Matt: ok I'm close, see you in a sec.
Summary: Matt is waiting for an Uber. Nick is waiting for him. Kate is angry at Matt. Nick will see Matt in a while.
Dialogue: Nigel: <file_other>
Nigel: Bad day for the self proclaimed tough negotiators...
Graham: well it's not enough to pound your fist on the table when demanding concessions
Nigel: Absolutely... just because you want something doesn't mean that you will get it
Nigel: The only thing that surprised me
Nigel: Was how 'shocked' the other MPs were
Graham: <file_gif>
Graham: TM between the EU and her own government
Nigel: How did we get here man...
Summary: Nigel and Graham believe it's a bad day for tough negotiators and it's difficult to get something just because you want it.
Dialogue: Lucille: But first I will go for another erasmus program next year hopefully.
Skyler: Hmm ok. What country ?
Lucille: Probably italy again because they offer me 10 month long staying
Skyler: Torino again ?
Lucille: Or 5 months in Malta or 5 months in Belfast. I will be choosing between those 3. Because I don't speak Spanish to go to Spain or french to go to France. Pavia this time in italy
Skyler: Oh ok
Lucille: But I would have to practice my Italian because I will have to study in this language. But no time for this because of studies
Skyler: Haha so what then? What will you do
Lucille: I don't know. I still have time
Skyler: Ok
Summary: Lucille went to Torino for her Erasmus student exchange and wants to repeat it next year. She is considering a 10-month stay in Pavia in Italy, or a 5-month stay in Malta or Belfast. She does not want to go to Spain or France.
Dialogue: Zoe: Alright, random question, what is your opinion on Kanye West?
Zoe: I watched a video him giving an interview on Ellen Show, and I realized I had never heard him speak before 
James: looool 
James: absolute hero
James: I mean I have little opinion on him. He's a celebrity. 
James: also I don't know why people like his dumb music  
Zoe: Ha, well I think his music is actually pretty good
Zoe: it's more his celebrity status that is annoying 
Zoe: hahah I mean,  you can only think so highly of a person tied up in all that Kardashian shit 
Zoe: haha but music wise, I think he's pretty alright, I'm actually all about it right now 
James:😂😂😂
James: ha  yeah, I guess you could say he's alright then
James: but if you're down that hiphop route, I guess you could listen to Aesop Rock
Zoe: ooo damn! I kinda know him
James: not to be confused with a$ap rocky
Zoe: yeah yeah, I looked him up, I know aesop, I've heard him before
Zoe: I actually like him a lot 
Zoe: lol thanks for sending that one my way 
James: mm my pleasure lol
Summary: Zoe quite likes Kanye West's music, James does not. James suggests Zoe checks out Aesop Rock, Zoe knows and likes them. 
Dialogue: Hunter: so, have I convinced you to give tennis a go? :)
Natalie: maybe :)
Natalie: definitely today’s class was less traumatic than what I remember from the middle school
Hunter: “less traumatic”
Hunter: you don’t seem to be overly enthusiastic :D
Natalie: i didn’t mean it this way ;)
Hunter: actually, why do you dislike tennis so much?
Natalie: when i was in my early teenage years my parents used to make me play tennis, although i absolutely hated it
Hunter: why?
Natalie: my dad wanted me to become the next Steffi Graf
Natalie: plus i was a little bit overweight and he thought that playing tennis would help me to slim down
Hunter: i see...
Hunter: that’s why you were so reluctant, huh?
Natalie: mhm
Natalie: but i had fun today, so maybe i’ll change my mind
Natalie: i just have really bad associations with this sport
Hunter: well, i hope you’ll rediscover tennis for yourself, you’re really good at it :)
Hunter: you know, there’s no pressure this time :)
Natalie: thanks! :) maybe, who knows... ;)
Summary: Natalie has bad memories of tennis, because as a teenager her father forced her to play it. Hunter tries to convince Natalie to give tennis another shot, because she's good at it.
Dialogue: Audrey: check your messenger ;)
Kevwe: we're heading out, give us 30 mins
Audrey: OK
Audrey: ring me when u there
Kevwe: okay
Summary: Kevwe will ring Audrey when they are there, in about 30 minutes. 
Dialogue: Harper: Did we really need another Grinch film? 
Harper: |‑O
Leo: Or a Mary Poppins remake? 
Harper: Oh, barf!
Harper: Hated the first one!
Leo: Never saw the first one!
Harper: Had to watch with some kids I babysit. Bo-ring!
Leo: Ah, oh, got it.
Harper: Anyway, original Grinch is the GOAT!
Leo: Nah. Jim Carrey one!
Harper: You think?
Leo: Grinch movie marathon!
Harper: Is it a marathon with only two?
Leo: We could watch them both twice! LOL!
Harper: LOL! Deal. I'll bring the popcorn.
Leo: You're on!
Summary: Leo and Harper will have Grinch any Mary Poppins remake marathon. Harper will bring the popcorn.
Dialogue: Thea: I'm making soup mixes in pretty jars for gifts this year. What are you giving?
Hugo: I made flavored vodka! I had to start last month but it will be worth it!
Thea: Ooh! Cool! How do you do that?
Hugo: Some are basil and herb and some are vanilla. You just put the stuff in the bottle and let it steep.
Thea: Like tea!
Hugo: Exactly. So at the end you have an infused flavor, whatever it is.
Thea: That's really cool.
Hugo: You can try some if you want!
Thea: Thanks!
Summary: Thea is making soup mixes for gifts this year. Hugo made flavoured vodka. 
Dialogue: Len: u better call your missus
Paul: y
Len: shes been texting me i told her you been out stroud picking up my nans wardrobe with no signal right
Paul: cheers mte owe u 1
Len: sort ur self out mate
Summary: Len tells Paul about the cover story he shared with Paul's partner, and advises him to call her. Paul is very grateful for that.
Dialogue: Carrie: Hey, Abby!
Abby: What?
Carrie: Nothing. I realised how pretty I am. (*^3^)/~☆
Carrie: I’m looking at myself in a mirror
Carrie: (emoji-예쁜척)
Abby: ┬─┬ノ( º _ ºノ) 
Abby: ●～*
Abby: Go away. Your snobbery is bordering on delusion.
Summary: Carrie is pleased with her looks. Abby considers her a snob.
Dialogue: Peter: I’ve been thinking about you
Dorothy: Sweet
Peter: I’d like to see you
Dorothy: Now?
Dorothy: It’s 11 p.m.
Dorothy: I’m going to sleep.
Peter: That’s a shame
Dorothy: You don’t talk to me for weeks and late Saturday evening suddenly you remember about my existence
Dorothy: If you want to fuck you need to try harder hun ;-)
Summary: Peter is texting Dorothy at 11 p.m. on Saturday after not talking to her for weeks, and she reckons he needs to try harder if he wants to go to bed with her.
Dialogue: Christopher: do you remember this gold digger from "90 day fiancé"?
Sophie: this chick from Russia?
Sophie: Anfisa?
Christopher: yup
Christopher: she's got her own yt channel!! :D
Sophie: whaaat?!
Sophie: how did i not know this?! :D
Christopher: are you intrigued? :d
Sophie: of course i am, you know i'm a die hard fan of her :D :D :D
Christopher: XD
Christopher: so, did you checked it out?
Sophie: mhm
Sophie: she seems to be normal and honestly quite boring
Sophie: she constantly talks about Jorge's incarceration and shows off her muscles
Sophie: i'm BITTERLY disappointed!! :< ;p
Summary: Anfisa from Russia, the gold digger from "90 day fiancé", has got her own YT channel. Sophie finds it quite boring.
Dialogue: Jeremy: How about some pizza tonight?
Cleopatra: I'm on a diet 
Garry: Why? You look great!
Garry: No need to lose weight
Cleopatra: Thanks but I don't share your view
Garry: I need a diet more than you
Garry: So I guess no pizza for me either... 
Jeremy: As you wish... 
Jeremy: So I'll order just for myself
Jeremy: And you will watch me eating it 
Jeremy: And drinking coke
Cleopatra: That's mean
Garry: I don't like coke anyways
Summary: Jeremy will order some pizza and get some coke for tonight. Cleopatra won't join him because she's on a diet.
Dialogue: Ella: He resigned!
Emma: Finally! Good news
Kate: are you happy?
Jean: sure, 4 people were killed in the riots, it was the high time
Kate: finally I'll be able to get to the ministry
Kate: the city has been immobilised for the last days
Ella: Do you think they will restore the subsidies now?
Emma: I think they should or rather they don't have much choice
Emma: they wanted to increase the price of petrol by about 50%
Emma: it would be insane in any country
Kate: especially such a poor one as Haiti
Kate: Do you know that it was an idea of the IMF?
Ella: to cancel the subsides?
Kate: yes
Ella: bastards!
Summary: He resigned. There were riots. 4 people were killed, the city was paralysed, as Jean and Kate reports. IMF wanted to cancel the subsidies.
Dialogue: Ben: off to the cinema with Poppy! :)
Beth: daddy daughter time? Lovely!
Harry: have a nice day!
Alice: what are you gonna watch? 
Ben: the nutcracker and the four realms
Jim: brilliant!
Summary: Ben is going to cinema with Poppy to watch "The nutcracker and the four realms".
Dialogue: Rachel: Girlsss
Rachel: Season 3 casa de papel in 2019!!!
Lucy: Really??
Rachel: Yup :)
Rachel: And guess who's going to play
Sara: Not Berlin, that's for sure :(((
Rachel: Well... :D
Rachel: <file_other>
Sara: OMG!!! How come?
Rachel: I don't know, but <33
Lucy: Berlin *.*
Sara: O bella ciao bella ciao bella ciao ciao ciaooo
Lucy: Can't wait!!
Sara: Me toooo :)
Sara: Best series ever :)
Lucy: Hope it'll be really soon
Lucy: Cause I got nothing to watch, I've watched literally everything :D:D
Sara: Hahahah
Summary: Rachel, Lucy and Sara are excited about the season 3 of La casa de papel in 2019 and the return of Berlin.
Dialogue: Mike: I lost my flight
Olivia: Looser
Peter: 😂😂😂
Mike: I didn't. Just wanted to see your asshole reactions 
Summary: Mike didn't lose the fight.
Dialogue: Jared: Yo yo
Troy: Yo what?
Troy: I passed the exam!
Jared: Oh, cool! Congrats
Troy: And Dennis got a shitty ass mark XD
Troy: Trololo
Jared: I don't understand why you hate him so much
Troy: He called me a filthy Czech drunkard once because of my surname
Jared: Ouch, I thought it was about a girl you both liked or something
Troy: No, he just laughed at me because my last name is Svoboda
Jared: By the way, Troy Svoboda sounds like some metal musician's name
Troy: Well, I used to play drums in high school, so who knows? Maybe one day
Summary: Jared congratulates Troy on his passing the exam. Troy is jubilant that Dennis failed because he hates Dennis for disparaging him for his Czech surname. Jared thought they were at loggerheads because of a girl. To him the name Troy Svoboda would nicely suit a metal musician.
Dialogue: Adam: Did that customer find what he wanted?
Sheila: Not really, but I don't think we carry that sort of thing.
Adam: What was it?
Sheila: A special tape. Something for electrical.
Adam: He should have gone to the hardware store.
Sheila: That's what I told him, but he'd been there and they didn't carry it either.
Adam: Well, none of our stuff is up to that spec.
Sheila: That's what I told him. But he bought something anyway.
Sheila: I made darn sure he knew what our return policy is!
Adam: Good. Hopefully it works for him or at least doesn't hurt him!
Sheila: I know!
Adam: Anything else?
Sheila: Nope. Pretty quiet other than him!
Adam: K
Summary: Sheila's customer couldn't find what he wanted but he bought something anyway. Sheila made sure he knew what their return policy is.
