Dialogue: Gloria: Hi Tony, meant to ask you about it for some time now. Will a possible Brexit affect your business?
Tony: In Britain the farce of Brexit looms over everything all day every day. It's going to affect us all in a most adverse manner. No doubt about it.
Gloria: I'll never understand why so many voted for it.
Tony: Nor will I. It is hard to believe that as a nation we have been so stupid as to vote to leave the EU. Utter and sheer short-sightedness.
Tony: When the French protest against their government, they do it on the streets with their Gilets Jaunes. We do protest votes against the government. I’m not sure which nation has developed the more stupid way to object to our government!
Gloria: But will you in your printing business be affected?
Tony: Dunno yet. Actually I've had very few commissions from abroad, so not directly. But we are all going to have less money in our pockets. So there'll be less interest in fancy printed matter.
Tony: But that will affect my holiday plans! And I hate that! The whole nonsense of exchanging money leaves me sick. I've always been out of pocket, no matter whether in Austria or France. And now with the pound going down the drain...
Gloria: We are hardly meeting any British tourists in Mexico now. One couple in Campeche the other day but they said they're attending a convention or sth.
Tony: That's what I mean. We'll be stewing in our own splendidly isolated sauce again.
Gloria: Don't worry. You can always visit us in Austria paying your pounds which we will then spend visiting you in England.
Tony: That's a good plan. But how about me visiting France or Spain??? Any family or friends there?
Gloria: Do you think the second referendum is an option?
Tony: Definitely. Those morons voted "for" out of ignorance, out of sheer lack of knowledge and understanding. Common awareness of economic and political consequences of Brexit has made a quantum jump in this country as late as in the last few months.
Tony: And if you ask me, the Irish border issue cannot be solved thru' any diplomatic channels. It either stays open, the way it is now, or we have a new armed conflict with no prospect of being settled.
Gloria: Hasn't it started yet?
Tony: Yes. I fear the worst.
Gloria: Oh Tony... So wretched....
Summary: Tony's business will be affected by Brexit and both her and Gloria will never understand why people voted for it. It will also affect Tony's holiday plans. Gloria can hardly meet any British tourists in Mexico. Tony thinks the second referendum is an option.
Dialogue: Vicky: Can I ask a really big favour?
Grant: Sure.
Vicky: Can I borrow 50 bucks until the end of the month? Please, please... 
Grant: Is that on top of the other other couple of 50s you borrowed this month?
Grant: Happy to lend it to you as long as you pay it ALL back by the end of the month.
Vicky: I will. I promise.
Grant: Cross your heart and hope to die? ;-)
Vicky: Of course. LOL
Vicky: It's just that things have been really unsteady at work and I'm still waiting on all the invoices to be paid.
Grant: You need better clients hun!
Vicky: If I could ditch all the ones I currently have I would... but money and all that. LOL
Grant: What good are clients that don't pay?
Vicky: You're right but what can I do. Is what is.
Summary: Grant will lend Vicky 50 dollars. She will reyurn it by the end of the month.
Dialogue: Alex: Hi, I've got the face cream samples you ordered 
Maya: Oh, great
Jonna: I forgot about it
Alex: I can bring them to the next fitness class
Maya: That'd be great
Maya: Thanks
Jonna: Did you pay for them? 
Alex: They were free
Jonna: great, I'll get them at the classes
Jonna: Thanks
Summary: Alex will bring the free face cream samples for Maya and Jonna to the next fitness class.
Dialogue: Julia: They are closing the bar! Im going to the Studio now
Bea: I will lend you some money 
Julia: did you get all the messages??
Bea: I'm leaving now
Julia: Cool! I'm in the studio!
Bea: you Crazy :'-D
Julia: Will you lend me some cash?
Bea: I told you I will
Julia: Why crazy! Cool! I gave them my driving license! haha
Bea: haha
Julia: step on it! here it is not as funny as in the bar, but its ok!
Bea: (Y)
Julia: :*
Summary: They are closing the bar and Julia is going to the Studio now. Bea will lend her some cash.
Dialogue: Florence: I've just landed :)
Jack: great, we're planning to have dinner together
Ottilie: Do you have any preferences, Florence?
Florence: not really, I don't know the city
Eleanor: we should go to the riverfront 
Eleanor: it's a nice place
Ottilie: Maybe Mami Wata?
Jack: what is it?
Ottilie: the one with mermaids and a terrace just by the river
Jack: oh, this is not a bad idea
Eleanor: Another option is la terminalia
Ottilie: I really don't like it
Eleanor: why? they have good food
Ottilie: but you've the street just in front of your table
Ottilie: and Mami Wata is calmer 
Eleanor: ok, as you prefer
Jack: so let's go to Mami Wata
Ottilie: I'll make a reservation for 4
Florence: John will join us, so 5 
Ottilie: ok!
Summary: Florence has just landed. Florence, Ottilie, Eleanor, Jack and John will have a dinner at Mami Wata tonight. Ottilie will make a reservation.
Dialogue: Ian: Are you going to be home later?
Eva: Yes, why?
Ian: How about dad?
Eva: As far as I know, why?
Ian: I have something I want to tell you guys.
Eva: Sounds serious...
Ian: It is, kinda. But in a good way.
Eva: Oh no...
Ian: It's fine! I'll tell you about it later! Don't worry!
Eva: You had better give me a hint! Will it make your dad mad?
Ian: What doesn't make him mad???
Eva: True.
Summary: Later Ian is going to tell Eva and their dad someting.
Dialogue: Carl: And one more thing
Clare: yes?
Carl: Don't be late tomorrow
Clare: no worries
Summary: Carl asks Clare not to be late tomorrow. 
Dialogue: Fred: I'm not sure I want to go to this party guys
Rachel: why?
Rebeca: you're always afraid of people
Fred: of big gatherings of humans
John: hahaha, it's just a small home party
John: I doubt there will be more than 10 people 
Fred: you think so? I though it would be a huge "festa"
John: no, she invited really a little group of best friends
Fred: Ok, then it changes everything
Rebeca: why?
Fred: I though she invited just everybody, I didn't think we were actually chosen 
John: yes, like the apostles 
Rachel: hahaha, indeed
Summary: Fred doesn't want to go to the party, because he doesn't like being in a crowd. John tells Fred that there will be no more than ten people, and convinces Fred to come.
Dialogue: Matilda: hey!
Alex: Hello
Matilda: listen, I need your help
Alex: oh, what happened?
Matilda: my best friend has her birthday in 2 weeks time and i have no idea what i can buy for her
Alex: sure i can help you!
Matilda: do you have any ideas? I was thinking about perfume
Alex: Hummm ... Does she do any hobbies? I think a perfume is always very personal, it can be a good ideia, but it can go wrong as well
Matilda: she has no time for that, she works a lot. once i talked to her about favourite perfume and she said she actually likes all, she doesn't have any favourite one
Alex: Oh, i see ..
Matilda: I always use only armani brand so i don't know other smells. what perfume do you like? maybe i could get some ideas and check them later
Alex: Well, i think the coco chanel mademoiselle is very fresh and is my favorite! Although i heard the perfumes from Victoria’s secret are really good too !!
Matilda: oh I know coco chanel mademoiselle! It's very beautiful. I don't know Victoria's Secret though. And anything else?
Alex: Nothing cames to my mind right now, but you can possibly try to find some special packs where they have a perfume and a body cream from the same brand!
Matilda: Yeah...  and have you ever smelled hugo boss the scent or armani aqua di goia?
Alex: I haven’t, but im sure they must smell really nice !! Are those the ones you like the most?
Matilda: yes, i have them both. and what about Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium? do you know it?
Alex: Oh yes! That's awesome! And I think that every woman would love it!
Matilda: Ok, so I will probably go and buy this one. Thank you so much!
Summary: After brainstorming gift ideas with Alex, Matilda will buy Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium for her friend.
Dialogue: Nick: Hi Charlie. Thanks for yesterday. It was nice to see you
Charles: Hi Nick. So nice indeed. Come back whenever you want. How was your trip back?
Nick: good good. Except the journey in the metro.
Charles: What's happened?
Nick: we had a control in the subway.  Almost a face control!
Charles: are you kidding?  what have you done?
Nick: nothing special.  We bought our reduced  tickets at the  machine, and then the controllers stopped us  like thieves.
Charles: did you cheat?
Nick: of course not! we had our discount family card. But the red one, not  the blue one!
Charles: and so what...red or blue, it's a discount card, isn't it?
Nick: yes but the discount is not the same. With the red one the reduction is for train, only the blue one gives you discount on subway!
Charles: didn't know that.
Nick: me neither, and when i tried to explain it, i've been consider like a thieve.
Charles: did you get a fine?
Nick: yes! quite expensive. Next time i'll book a cab.
Charles: next time i'll come and pick you up!!
Summary: Nick had a control in the subway when coming back from Charles yesterday. Since he had the discount card only for train, he got a fine.
Dialogue: Eve: Hi love, have you heard about the Lidl sale?
Patrick: No what's that?
Eve: Our shop closes down and this Sat they sell out everything
Patrick: sounds cool
Eve: I know, all products are apparently 50% off
Patrick: ooo la la. are you planning anything specific?
Eve: haven't thought yet. perhaps the usual weekend stuff, groceries and all
Patrick: and the cleaning stuff?
Eve: yeah, you're right hon
Patrick: but you know there's going to be like million people all day long
Eve: I gather. we'd have to come early
Patrick: gosh, it's Saturday but you're right
Eve: dont you need some clothes? could be a bargain as well
Patrick: i'll give it a thought tonight
Eve: yeah, we'll talk about it then
Summary: A Lidl store is closing down and holding a sale with everything 50% off this Saturday. Patrick and Eve are planning to come early on Saturday for the sale. They are planning to buy groceries, cleaning supplies and maybe clothes.
Dialogue: Darcy: I’ve discovered something interesting about fashion
Claire: What?
Darcy: If you pay attention, until the 60s
Darcy: There was one trend to follow
Darcy: It was easy to say what is in fashion
Darcy: People were dressing very similarly
Darcy: If you look at the old photographs
Claire: That’s true!
Claire: Did it change later on?
Claire: Now it’s hard to say what is fashionable 
Claire: You have all these trends
Darcy: I think this multiplicity of trends starts in the 70s
Darcy: Where on one hand you have this disco look
Darcy: On the other hand the hippie style 
Darcy: Also the folklore
Darcy: The fashion starts being more diverse
Claire: That is fascinating
Claire: Indeed if I look at the photos from the second world war
Claire: Even though it was hard to get clothes at that time
Claire: people dressed very similarly 
Summary: Darcy and Claire find fashion changing trends fascinating.
Dialogue: Tom: Are you going to the office today?
Peter: I'm having home office today
Jeff: no, I'm coming to the office
Jeff: I want to get things done
Jeff: I'm very ineffective when I work at home
Tom: Me too, which is quite sad after all
Peter: it's the matter of self-control guys
Peter: it's perfectly doable to be effective at home
Summary: Peter is not going to the office today. Jeff and Tom are inefficient when they work at home.
Dialogue: Damian: Did you buy Mom a gift for her birthday?
Ethan: What?! omg I totally forgot!
Damian: Always the same... Come on, get ready and I'll pick you up in 5. Let's see what we can find that's nice for her.
Ethan: You are a life saver.
Summary: Damian and Ethan are going to buy their mum a birthday present from Ethan.
Dialogue: Teresa: Tomorrow walk me to school..please
Mike: why?
Teresa: I feel nervous, its my first day there.
Mike: haha, keep calm, it will be okay
Teresa: haha, hope youll protect me from bullies..haha
Mike: haha, are you kidding me?
Teresa: hahahaha
Mike: dont worry, if there were, i would smack their face in if they came at you
Teresa: haha, im sure you would
Mike: haha, yeah i would for you
Teresa: thanks, ill need my sleep now
Mike: ill be your alarm in the morning
Teresa: haha, please do
Mike: nyt nyt
Teresa: nyt
Summary: It's Teresa's first day at school tomorrow ans she's nervous about it. Mike will walk her to school. 
Dialogue: Nora: <file_gif>
Zoey: hahahha cute
Mila: <file_gif> look at this one
Nora: <file_gif> this one is better
Zoey: gif war :D
Mila: <file_gif>
Summary: Nora, Zoey and Mila are having a gif war.
Dialogue: Bart: can I leave Spot with you next Saturday?
Mike: sure
Bart: great, I need to help my GF with her move and I don't want to leave him alone for the whole day
Mike: don't worry, he'll be fine with me
Bart: thanks :)
Summary: Bart will leave Spot with Mike next Saturday. Bart will be helping his girlfriend move.
Dialogue: Samantha: So did you get that job you wanted?
Aubrey: Uhh, don't even ask
Aubrey: I did get it but I had to quit after 2 weeks and look for another one
Samantha: What? Why?
Aubrey: They had unreasonable expectations >_>
Aubrey: Wanted us to do way more than the contract said
Aubrey: A lot of people just went along with it but I couldn't handle it
Samantha: Oh wow, that sucks :/ I'm sorry to hear that
Aubrey: There was also that guy Jason, he seemed kind of creepy to me, so I don't really regret it
Aubrey: Luckily mum managed to get me a job through one of her friends since she knew how much I wanted to earn some money this summer, haha
Samantha: :)
Samantha: I guess things worked out in the end, then! Will you be working there until the end of holiday?
Aubrey: Mm, I'll finish one week before that, so there'll still be some time to rest, woohoo
Samantha: Wanna come to our summer house for a couple od days?
Aubrey: I wouldn't wanna trouble you?
Samantha: Not at all! :D
Summary: Aubrey had to quit the new job after 2 weeks due to unreasonable expectations and she doesn't regret it. Her mum helped her get a summer job and she'll finish it one week before the end of holiday. Aubrey will come over to Samantha's summer house for a couple of days.
Dialogue: Kim: hey did you see mikes email?
Kim: why do we have to pay more money???
Lars: <file_gif>
Linda: how much did you pay in septermber?
Kim: cant remember now. around 50-60
Lars: we had 1500 in total end of sept. like... where is it?
Summary: Kim doesn't understand why she, Lars and Linda are supposed to pay Mike more money. Kim has already paid about 50-60 and 1500.
