Dialogue: Jason: Toxic main office now causing me problems!
Sally: Oh no!
Jason: They cost our office a 2.5 million relationship. I'm pissed. Just between us.
Sally: Well that was stupid! My lips are sealed.
Jason: The President is a moron.
Sally: Is he new?
Jason: They lost 7 employees from the main office since October. 35 years here. It's ridiculous.
Sally: Is he going through menopause or what?
Jason: LOL!
Summary: Jason's office lost a 2.5 million relationship and 7 employees since October.
Dialogue: Natasha: Where are you?
Malia: At the red neon 
Michelle: H&M?
Malia: haha, tight!
Summary: Malia is waiting at the red neon.
Dialogue: Tom: Well, I don't have a credit card. I get my money in a brown envelope every Friday and am happy with it.
Sam: That's so old school! I didn't know ppl still got paid wages!
Tom: Arrangement with my employer. Don't trust banks.
Sam: Y?
Tom: After what I've told u, u still need a reason?
Sam: Yes and no. 
Tom: What do u mean?
Sam: Well, I can understand y ur so against the banks and so on, but on the other hand c'mon!
Tom: I won't get persuaded into getting an account.
Sam: So how do you pay ur bills?
Tom: Old school! I got to the office and pay them.
Sam: Bt that's a complete waste of time.
Summary: Tom doesn't have a credit card. He gets the money in cash every Friday. Tom pays his bills at the post office.
Dialogue: Aria: 40 dollars - told you! :P
Lia: Oh that's great! I'm so proud of you hon :D
Aria: Thanks mom :)
Lia: What will you have to do?
Aria: I'll tell you at home x
Lia: Will you be late?
Summary: Aria will be paid 40 dollars.
Dialogue: Marine: I’m not going with you
Gerard: Whaaaaat
Gerard: My parents want to see you again
Marine: I know but I got a job, a good one, had to take it
Gerard: Ok… ;( They’ll be disappointed
Marine:  I knowww say sorry from me
Gerard: How big it is, the job
Marine: So big that I’ll have to work all the weekend xD
Gerard: I see, good luck then
Summary: Marine can't come to a meeting with Gerard's parents. Marine took a job that will make her work all weekend.
Dialogue: Kate: i'll have to send him to the cinema
Kate: his mate stood him up:D 
Courtney: haha 
Courtney: if he doesn't want to go we can still go to the park and drink on a bench XD
Kate: don't worry, he's going ;D
Courtney: :D
Summary: Kate is sending him to the cinema so she can meet with Courtney for drinks.
Dialogue: Linda: I didn't know Paula's a widow!
Pamela: what?
Greg: sure she is
Corina: I think she has a ring even still
Pamela: I thought it was just an amulet
Greg: hmm, kind of, after so many years, rather a keepsake
Linda: Greg, do you know what happened to him?
Greg: yes, he was in the American army
Greg: Died in early 1990s in Kuwait
Linda: so it's been almost 30 years!
Greg: yes, she was very young, just married
Greg: she lived in Florida and she was pregnant
Linda: she has a child?
Greg: no, the boy died in a car accident when he was 18
Greg: I think it was 2009
Linda: god! poor Paula
Linda: and she is so positive, helpful and cheerful
Corina: sometimes she is melancholic though
Linda: it's true, I haven't understood it so far
Summary: Paula's husband died in the early 1990s in Kuwait. Her son died in a car accident at 18. 
Dialogue: Ryan: Hi bro, how's it going?
Finn: Can't complain, mate. Still at the warehouse?
Ryan: For my sins, yeah. Bloody hate it, still pays the bills.
Finn: You ought to come and work with me, always looking for new guys, lots of fresh air!
Ryan: Bit too much for me, man. Coming out Friday night, usual time, usual place?
Finn: Try and stop me, looking forward, see ya then! 
Summary: As usual, Finn and Ryan will go out on Friday night. Finn wants Ryan to work with him but he says no.
Dialogue: Bob: It's high time I bought new speakers and amplifier
George: What's up with old ones?
Bob: Sound got flat
Bob: I have problem with setting the volume and equalizer
George: Maybe repair the old ones?
Bob: Nah. I have to find something that will be also good looking :/
Summary: Bob wants to buy new speakers and an amplifier as sound got flat. He doesn't want to repair them as he wants something that will be also good looking.
Dialogue: Dan: Hi, Ralph.
Ralph: Hi, Dan. What's up?
Dan: I am looking for a new dog. You've got some?
Ralph: I've got a few. What is it going to do?
Dan: Mostly search for narcotics.
Dan: But it wouldn't hurt if it could do guarding as well.
Ralph: So, you are looking for something good and expensive:)?
Dan: Good, yes. Expensive, not necessarily:)
Ralph: Well, I've got two dogs you might like.
Dan: What are they?
Ralph: One is one-year old Malinois, the other 8-month-old Belgian and Dutch mix.
Dan: I guess I'll just come over and take a look.
Ralph: Tomorrow morning?
Dan: Sounds good, will be there around 9.
Summary: Dan's looking for a new dog. He wants it to search for narcotics. Ralph has two dogs he might like: a one-year old Malinois and an 8-month-old Belgian and Dutch mix. Dan will come and take a look tomorrow at about 9 in the morning.
Dialogue: Jon: still angry?
Oli: YES
Jon: can i come to apologise
Oli: maybe we should talk
Jon: i will be in 10 minutes
Summary: Oli is angry at Jon. Jon is coming to him in 10 minutes to apologize.
Dialogue: Alice: Hey Pete, how was your first day at the new job?
Peter: Hi Alice, it was great! :)
Peter: I was introduced to my team and to my manager.
Peter: I got my laptop and desk.
Alice: How are your coworkers?
Peter: They seem great, they're very helpful.
Peter: The company has a buddy system.
Alice: Interesting, how does that work?
Peter: Each new employee is assigned a buddy for a month.
Peter: The buddy is an employee with seniority who is responsible for the knowledge transfer.
Peter: But also for other things like introducing me to other teams, showing where the kitchen is, the most important depts etc.
Alice: Oh that's great.
Alice: So you feel taken care of.
Peter: I sure do. The tasks also seem quite diverse.
Peter: And there are many possibilities of courses and development.
Alice: I don't think you'll have time to be bored :)
Peter: That's the plan :)
Summary: Peter enjoyed his first day at the new job. He has his own laptop and desk. There's a senior employee assigned to him to take care of the knowledge transfer, introducing to him other people and showing him places.
Dialogue: Ariel: Let me do that for you
Hannah: Noooo I wanna do it myself
Ariel: You haven’t had a drill in your hands for like… your whole life!!!
Hannah: Haha I know but I want to learn
Ariel: So let me help you, I can teach you
Hannah: No, you help me with everything, I need to start being independent
Ariel: By destroying your fingers, very well
Hannah: Why don’t you believe in me!!
Ariel: I’m just being realistic, that’s all
Summary: Hannah doesn't want Ariel's help with drilling. 
Dialogue: Mom: u home?
Mom: ask Megan If I should throw away that red jacket
Mom: or if she wanna come and take it
Valerie: I'm not home
Valerie: ask her yourself
Valerie: u can write to her too
Mom: ok, ok
Summary: Mom will write to Megan asking what to do with the red jacket.
Dialogue: Jacob: <file_photo?
Xavier: Is that your dad? 
Anne: Wow! 
Jacob: I miss him 
Anne: 😌
Summary: Jacob misses his father.
Dialogue: Miriam: Make a note of the date of our next blog post deadline, will you?
Jim: Sure. It's the 10th, right?
Miriam: Yes, every month we should publish at least one post by that date.
Jim: No problem. I'm making it a regular deadline alert.
Miriam: Good. then we have no excuses!
Jim: Right.
Miriam: We just need to come up with the topics.
Jim: Exactly.
Miriam: Probably we should make another deadline around the first of the month to decide on the topic.
Jim: That would work. 
Miriam: Gives us plenty of time for collaboration.
Jim: Yes.
Miriam: Great. Make notes of both and share it with everyone, let them edit so topics can be suggested in the notes field.
Jim: Will do.
Miriam: Thanks!
Summary: Jim will create two deadline alerts: one for the selection of the topic and one for posting an article on the blog. He will also make editable notes of both and share them with everyone.
Dialogue: Kyle: Binge watchin The Vikings :) u?
Gail: Chillin. Any good?
Kyle: Depends. Character yup, but plot so-so.
Gail: Y?
Kyle: Well, imho, you can tell what's going to happen before it does.
Gail: Where ru?
Kyle: Season 2, episode 3
Gail: How many seasons?
Kyle: idk. 4 I think.
Gail: Maybe it'll get better?
Kyle: Don't think so. But the characters are kinda fun.
Gail: Hm?
Kyle: There's this monk who turned to pagan beliefs, a really crazy guy and the main character is an absolute bad-ass!
Gail: Any women characters?
Kyle: Sure! Loads! Also some strong women!
Gail: That's good! Maybe I'll watch it.
Kyle: If you wanna. Not a lot of fun, but nice to watch from time to time.
Gail: Will try!
Summary: "The Vikings" is only good to watch from time to time. Character development is fine but the plot is predictable.
Dialogue: Lara: What book are you reading these days?
Legend: I am reading "The black streets"
Lara: I have already read it
Lara: Should i tell what happens at the end?
Legend: No please dont :/
Lara: Haha why :p
Legend: Please dont ruin the suspense  
Summary: Legend is reading "The black streets" these days. Lara's already read it. Legend doesn't want Lara to tell him what happens at the end.
Dialogue: Jane: You won't guess what happened to Fiona!
Fred: No, I probably won't :D
Fred: Isn't she in Portugal?
Jane: Well... that's not that simple ;)
Fred: What? what do you mean?
Jane: She went to Portugal with Mario, but now she's in Spain
Fred: Oh, that's nice
Jane: Listen up
Jane: She met Lisa in Portugal, Mario ditched them, god knows why, the guy's weird, but, anyway, the girls went a bit wild
Jane: They partied for the entire weekend and were supposed to go back on Sunday, they had the same flight
Jane: The thing is they boarded a wrong plane and ended up in Spain
Fred: They did what?!
Jane: I know, right? How crazy is that? :D
Fred: It's not crazy, it's not possible
Jane: Tell that to Fiona and Lisa, they say hello by the way
Jane: <file_photo>
Fred: But how did it happen?
Jane: They were flying with Ryanair. Fiona said they were crazy tired and almost missed their boarding, but were admitted eventually. They followed the crowd and ended up in a wrong queue. It was an early morning flight, I think the flight attendant was simply tired and missed that tiny detail that they were flying to Manchester, not Madrid
Fred: This is crazy. What are they going to do?
Jane: They're probably to stay as long as they won't find a flight back, they didn't seem too bothered about this
Fred: Well, this doesn't surprise me
Summary: Fiona met Lisa in Portugal. They were partying all weekend. They were supposed to go back on Sunday. They boarded the wrong plane and ended up in Spain because of fatigue.
Dialogue: Adam: I’m leaving for 3 months
Kia: What, what are you talking about!!! o.O
Adam: I have a football camp, a very intensive one, I’m going to be excused from school, will make up for it later
Kia: It’s a long time… We just started going out, it doesn’t bother you??!!!
Adam: It does but I have to be realistic, I have to go.
Kia: Football always at the first place…
Adam: It is my dream, I want it more than anything else.
Kia: And anyone else…
Adam: Look if you can’t accept it than maybe we should just end it, this is my life now
Kia: Breaking up on the phone, exactly what I expected -_-
Summary: Adam breaks up with Kia because he is going to be away for three months to go to a football camp. They just started dating and Kia cannot accept his devotion to football.
Dialogue: Francis: Hope ur mum feels better now? 
Denise: Yeah, she does. Thanks.
Francis: She out yet? 
Denise: No. Still in hospital.
Francis: Shame. When will she be out? 
Denise: IDK. Going there now. 
Francis: What do the doctors say? 
Denise: It's looking good, but probably another visit necessary.
Francis: Sorry to hear that.
Denise: Nah. Not so bad. She'll get some treatment and that's it. 
Francis: That's good. Hang in there! 
Denise: Thanks. TTYL.
Summary: Denise's mom is still in the hospital, but she feels better now. She will get some treatment and she will be released.
Dialogue: Dirk: Hey Molly, just wanted to tell you that I heard a commercial on 680 about disability claims (if they're denied). You can try Aaron Waxman law firm.
Molly: Hey. I didn't file yet for disability as I'm not applicable for short, cause I get weekly allowance from my insurance.
Dirk: Ok, no problem. I just gave you the info so you have it just in case it's denied.
Molly: Thank you for thinking of me.
Dirk: :) In the commercial, they say they don't take any fees until you get paid.
Molly: That's up my alley!! LOL I wouldn't have the money for it. My lawyer works that way too. So I will see if I can get my loss of wages back.
Dirk: Yeah, that's good. Anyways, keep me informed.
Molly: Ok, no problem. This credit card debt is running a bit high.
Dirk: Take care, it'll be good, don't worry.
Molly: I know. I have to stay strong :)
Dirk: Just take it one day at a time. Do you know when you can get back to work?
Molly: No idea, the pain is still too much.
Dirk: Ok, just try not to worry. Talk to you later
Molly: Thanks, take care
Summary: Aaron Waxman is a law firm working on denied disability claims. Molly hasn't filed her claim yet as she is still paid from the insurance. She's not going back to work yet.
Dialogue: Brian: Hi, Frank, how's it going? Snowed in?
Frank: Yes, we bloody well are! The farm was cut off for a couple of days, awful, worst winter for a long time.
Brian: Yes, wasn't it? Did you manage to dig yourselves out?
Frank: Yes, eventually, they actually sent over some boys from the barracks down the road and a digger too! It took a few days, but it all got done.
Brian: Well, I haven't been in work for almost a week, the office was shut. Oh, and the supermarket shelves were almost empty, no deliveries were able to get through.
Frank: Wish that was the extent of my problems! I haven't been able to get fresh feed for the animals myself so, guess what? They helicoptered it in on Wednesday! They sent me and Dotty some food supplies too.
Brian: What about electricity etc?
Frank: Well, yeah, trouble with that and water for a day or two, then it was ok, but no fun sitting around with candles. We did have our log fire, though!
Brian: You managing to work now, animals ok?
Frank: Yes, so far, but we're going to be lambing soon, so hope the cold weather holds off, we really don't want to lose livestock.
Brian: Wonder how Gran and Grandpa managed in the old days, must have been hell.
Frank: Oh, yes indeed! Perhaps they stocked up just in case, rather than just being able to pop out in the jeep for supplies.
Brian: Yes, anyway, give my love to Dot! Keep in touch and keep warm!
Frank: Thanks cuz.
Summary: Because of the snow Brian didn't go to work for almost a week. Frank's farm was cut off for a couple of days until some boys with a digger helped them. They didn't have electricity, and the fresh feed for animals had to be helicoptered. 
Dialogue: Summer: I am never speaking to her again!
Max: Now what?
Summer: She said I looked dorky!
Max: Well...
Summer: Oh noooooo!
Max: It's your hair. 
Summer: What's wrong with it?
Max: Nobody likes it like that.
Summer: Rly?
Max: Yes. 
Summer: Nobody said!
Max: Well, you get mad.
Summer: Yes. And feel bad.
Max: Sorry.
Summer: How should I wear it?
Max: Just straight. Looks better.
Summer: Boring! Everyone does that!
Max: Exactly!
Summer: Oh, so if I'm different, I'm dorky?
Max: Pretty much.
Summer: Well tough!
Summary: Nobody likes Summer's new hair style. Max likes them straight.
Dialogue: Henry: what are your plans for tonight?^^
Ben: Nothing solid yet. I think I’m gonna spend the evening in front of… whatchamacallit… the idiot box! 
Henry: o.O
Harry: that was weird, Ben
Ben: To much of T.H. White… Why, Henry?
Henry: just asking
Harry: and I’m working
Henry: wankers
Summary: Ben is goint to spend the evening in front of the idiot box. Harry is working tonight. 
Dialogue: Harry: Have you seen the handmaidens tail?
John: no why?
Harry: Was wondering hwat the hype was about
John: don't know sorry can't help
Harry: no prob
Summary: Harry was wondering why there has been so much hype about the handmaidens tail but Harry has no idea.
