Dialogue: Kim: can you give me a ride 2day?
Beck: im already at school sry
Elberta: no prob what time?
Kim: can u pick me up at 9.00. or its too late?
Elberta: lets make it 8.40. traffic might be pretty bad today
Beck: yeah, it seems. It was already packed at 7 so you too make sure to leave Elary
Elberta: or we'll miss the economy class. How could we
Kim: terrible lol
Elberta: ok then 8.30. shite, make up!
Summary: Elberta will pick Kim up at 8:30 to avoid heavy traffic. If they get stuck in a traffic jam, they might miss the economy class.
Dialogue: Miley: Have you thought about the name of the baby?
Bryan: Nope, You have suggestions? 
Miley: Lora, Lisa, Lilly?
Bryan: Sounds good
Miley: Maybe you can search online
Bryan: I would, as soon as I get free
Miley: Good Luck
Summary: Miley has not chosen the name for her baby yet. Bryan has some suggestions for her.
Dialogue: Arianna: Hello. I am sorry but I seem to have lost my confirmation email, and with it my reference number. Any chance you could resend this? 
Robert: Hello, no problem. Where did you book to go and under what name?
Arianna: I have booked the 4.35 coach to Birmingham, under A. Banssa.
Robert: Just a moment please. 
Robert: Please find attached a confirmation of your booking. You will need to show this to the driver when getting on the bus.
Robert: <file_other>
Arianna: That's great thank you
Robert: No worries, enjoy your trip.  
Summary: Arianna will need to show the booking confirmation to the driver.
Dialogue: Andy: I am looking for a sofabed
Phuti: Certainly sir, we have many different sofabeds in store.
Andy: Do you have any which are just under 150cm wide?
Phuti: Yes, one model is 144 cm wide and uses that space very well, no wastage of space with unnecessary ornamentation. The mattress is really broad enough for two people. It is the "Monica 144" model
Andy: What colours is it available in?
Phuti: We have black and beige only. There is blue, red and grey but you would have to order them, sir.
Andy: Beige sounds very good for this room. Can I collect it?
Phuti: Yes, just come in any time, but you will need a big vehicle, you won't get this inside of an ordinary car.
Andy: I have a Chrysler Grand Voyager
Phuti: The one where all the seats tuck in flat?
Andy: That's the one. 
Phuti: That is an excellent car, sir.
Andy: It is very functional and practical. I just have the problem that I cannot find a good mechanic for it.
Phuti: You should try maybe the workshop owned by the husband of my wife's boss. He is said to be the best mechanic in the country.
Andy: Really? What is his name?
Phuti: His name is Mr J L B Matekone. 
Andy: I think I have heard of him, his workshop is called Speedy Motors, or something like that?
Phuti: Yes, Sir. Out on the Tlokweng Road. You should definitely give him a try.
Andy: I will. And I will come in later for the sofa
Phuti: I'll put it aside for you, sir.
Summary: Andy is going to buy a beige "Monica 144" sofabed. He will come and collect it later in his Chrysler Grand Voyager. Phuti recommends a mechanic for this car, the mechanic is called Mr J L B Matekone, his workshop is called Speedy Motors and it's stiuated on the Tlokweng Road. 
Dialogue: Monica: Are we going to the forest tomorrow?
Elisabeth: Yes, I will take the car of my parents
Nathaniel: And everybody will prepare something for a picnic?
Monica: sure, I have a cake and some olives from my grandparents
Nathaniel: I will have pancakes
Nathaniel: the American style
Elisabeth: I am preparing a very nice surprise 
Nathaniel: good!
Summary: Monica, Elisabeth and Nathaniel are going to the forest tomorrow. Monica will take a cake and some olives with her. Nathaniel will bring pancakes.
Dialogue: Josh: Hey, Mike
Josh: How's your new job?
Mike: It's okay
Jay: You're designing for this friend of mine?
Mike: Yeah
Mike: He seems reasonable
Jay: he is
Jay: You can ask him any details
Jay: He will help you
Mike: good to know, mate
Mike: I'm also finishing my previous project
Mike: So I'm swamped
Josh: shame
Josh: wanted to grab a beer this afternoon with both of you
Mike: I won't make it
Jay: me neither
Jay: next Tuesday?
Josh: seems okay
Mike: I'll do my best
Jay: we're confirm later on this week
Summary: Mike is designing for Jay's friend and finishing his previous project. Jay and Josh will probably see Mike next Tuesday. Jay will confirm later on this week. 
Dialogue: Tristan: I've just read this interesting article about babies
Gavin: hahah, why interesting?
Tristan: Did you know that every year there are more male than female babies born?
Shane: Sure, it's normal, a phenomenon known for centuries
Tristan: really? I haven't known
Tristan: so what is the reason for that?
Shane: It's hard to say, there are different theories
Shane: what does the article say?
Tristan: that the main theory is evolutionary
Shane: right
Tristan: that boys and men generally die more often, so the nature regulates it to keep a balance between adult male and female
Shane: true, but some other scientists say it's about sperm
Tristan: sperm?
Shane: yes, that female sperms (with chromosome X) are robuster 
Shane: but one doesn't exclude the other
Tristan: It's fascinating
Gavin: You're such a nerd really
Tristan: hahah, a bit
Shane: Gavin, we all are nerds :P you're just a technology nerd and an ignorant in every other field
Gavin: I'm afraid it may be true
Summary: Tristan found out from an article that each year there are more male than female children born which is linked to an evolutionary theory. Shane alleges an alternative theory linked to female sperms.
Dialogue: Sammie: <file_other> are we going? Haha
Marina: Absolutely! I'm packing already!
Sammie: Awesome :D
Marina: :*
Sammie: <file_video>
Summary: Marina is already packing.
Dialogue: Stan: Hello everybody, I need some help moving stuff out of my garage, any takers?
Leo: What's in it for me?
Fiona: what do you need help with? I can't carry heavy stuff but could ask my dad if I can take his van?
Clay: I could come over on the weekend, give you a hand.
Stan: Cheers for the response. I offer a crate of beer and pizza, nothing too fancy
Fiona: Sounds good to me. The van?
Stan: Yes please! that would be great! You are a STAR <file_gif>
Fiona: Haha, no worries. No meat for me though! 
Leo: Throw in a bottle of booze, and I'm there
Summary: Stan needs help with moving things from his garage and offers beer and pizza instead. Leo will help but expects some alcohol. Fiona will borrow her father's van. Clay can also come to help over the weekend.
Dialogue: Monica: hey babe, are you coming to work today? 
Teresa: hey! no ... i work from home 
Monica: i see! we are talking about grabbing a beer on thursday 
Teresa: people from work?
Monica: yes, the entire team, you know, before the boss arrives next month ;)
Teresa: hahah yeah i get it, keep me posted!
Monica: ok so what would you say about going bowling this thursday?
Teresa: sounds good! i don't bowl but i'll pop up for a beer
Monica: what do you mean you don't bowl?!
Teresa: i don't, i don't find it entertaining ...
Monica: oh god you're weird!
Teresa: oh fuck off!
Monica: hahha ok chill! i will sign you up for a beer only
Teresa: thanks! 
Monica: no problem ;) see you!!
Teresa: see you love!!
Summary: The team is going bowling on Thursday, Teresa will join just for a beer.
Dialogue: Nina: Hi Carmen! I’m Nina, Rick’s sister.
Carmen: Hi, how are you?
Nina: Fine thx! And what about u?
Carmen: I’m fine too. What can I help u? 
Nina: I have some problems with math and Rick told me that u know someone that would help me.
Carmen:  My bro is great in math. I’m sure he will help you.
Nina: Thx, could you give me his mobile no?
Carmen: Sure, it’s 555 154 124, but he is at gym now so try a little bit later.
Nina: Thank u very much. I hope he will have some free time.
Carmen: You must ask him, I don’t know.
Nina: Of course, I’ll try to call him later. 
Carmen: He should be at home about 8 pm.
Nina: And what about your exam?
Carmen: Quite good but I have a lot of tasks to do. It’s sometimes hard not to forget some dates.
Nina: I have great book about the II WW. I’ll give it to Rick for you.
Carmen: Thx, It will be helpful cause history is not my best side 
Nina: Like math for me 
Carmen: 
Nina: Thank u for help, Have a nice evening with my bro!
Carmen: Thx!
Summary: Nina needs help with maths. Her brother Rick recommended contacting Carmen. Carmen's brother is good at maths and she gives Nina his phone number. Nina should call him in the evening, after his gym activity. Carmen's exam was good, but she forgets dates. Nina offers her a book about WW II.
Dialogue: Lenny: So what about the exam. Anyone who passed it?
Tanja: I failed :(
Chris: Me too... she's a bitch!
Greg: I passed, but I got C...
Lenny: Well, it doesn't seem it's gonna be easy...
Tanja: She's really tough... I studied a lot, really I spent last 2 weeks cramming!
Chris: They say she always fail 70% of the students.
Lenny: My summer is ruined, what a bitch!
Tanja: Guys, I mean... we can always ask others about the questions and keep our fingers crossed...
Chris: OK, yeah it's not gonna be that bad. So... she asked me about Bolivian revolution and agriculture in Chile in the 60s.
Lenny: OMG!
Tanja: Mine were: the geopolitical situation of Caribbean after II WW.
Lenny: This one's better!
Greg: I got the Cuban revolution! 
Tanja: Lucky you! If she asked me that question I'd surely pass!
Chris: What about others? 
Lenny: I will ask Christina and Jason, they have the exam today.
Greg: I can ask Pauline, she made a list with possible questions. This may help.
Tanja: Oh, that's a good idea!
Lenny: Guys, maybe we can grab a beer tonight? 
Summary: Tanja and Chris have failed the exam and Greg got a C. They will ask Christina, Jason and Pauline for help. Lenny suggests they meet for a beer tonight.
Dialogue: Craig: thanks to those FOUR of you who did send essays
Jonathan: <file_gif>
Carrie: well.. I guess you could have expected that….
Craig: …
Mark: i was planning on sending all of them at one go next week
Craig: yeah right. send them then next week.
Carrie: <file_gif>
Craig: <file_gif>
Summary: Mark will send his essays next week.
Dialogue: Robert: Are you coming home for Christmas?
Zack: Always :-) How are you?
Robert: Good, thanks. 
Zack: I suppose you would like to have a small get-together with your old pal?
Robert: Always :-)
Zack: I'll think about that :-p
Robert: If you find an hour or two in your diary, don't hesitate to contact me :-D The phone number same as ever.
Zack: Rob, I'm going to sacrifice one whole evening for you. Maybe even the whole night. And you demand only 1 or 2 hrs? 
Robert: How kind of you :-)
Zack: We'll get back to that some time in December, ok? It's too soon to plan anyth.
Robert: Sure. Good to know you still remember about us.
Zack: Every year you do your utmost not to be forgotten, Rob, if you know what I mean. Till later :-)
Robert: Cheers!
Summary: Zack is coming home for Christmas. Robert wants to meet with Zack. Zack will message Robert in December to schedule the meeting.
Dialogue: Yann: How's it going?
Poppy: Fine, uncle, how's the kebab business!
Yann: Ticking over, my sweet! You all coming to your cousin's 18th?
Poppy: Oh no! I forgot to RSVP the invitation! Yes, I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Yann: Great! Give your Mama and Pappa my love!
Poppy: Bye, Uncs, see you all on the 20th!
Summary: Yann's kebab business is going fine. Poppy is coming to her cousin's 18th birthday on the 20th.
Dialogue: Natalie: Lily are you alive? Did she kill you? We called you but no answer
Alex: Call Mary 😂😂😂 and ask for Lily back in the office as someone is waiting for her for a meeting. Hopefully Lily is already driving back...
Lily: Yes 😂😂😂 10 min and we are back.
Natalie: I called Mary as well
Mary: Sorry, I left everything in the car...
Summary: Natalie is worried about Lily. Lily will be back in ten minutes.
Dialogue: Kate: How many pomodori have you done so far?
Mary: 6
Gabrielle: 7
Jack: 4
Adrienne: 8
Emma: 10
Kate:  that's impressive!!
Summary: Mary has done 6 pomodori so far, while Gabrielle has done 7, Jack 4, Adrienne 8, and Emma 10. 
Dialogue: Emily: Do you have plans for the long weekend?
Gavin: why?
Emily: We thought it would be nice to take a boat trip in Croatia or Greece
Gavin: aren't these expensive?
Emily: if you have a group of 8 or 10 and you go by car it's not that bad
Gavin: how much are we talkinh about?
Emily: a thousand euros? something like that
Gavin: per person?
Gavin: how many nights?
Emily: per person
Emily: 7 nights
Gavin: How many people declared already?
Emily: 6
Emily: Sam and Anna, Meg and Bill and us
Gavin: couples, couples everywhere
Gavin: where do you get the yacht from
Emily: Oh come on we're not that bad :)
Gavin: joking :)
Emily: there this website <file_other>
Emily: The catamaran looks fantastic
Gavin: Holy shit! That looks amazing!! :)
Summary: Emily plans a boat trip in Croatia or Greece. It will cost around 1000 euros for 7 nights per person. 6 people declared that they will go.
Dialogue: Miranda: Hi
Miranda: Take a look at these
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: <file_photo>
Miranda: Want to try it on?
Robyn: What are you doing? :)
Miranda: I want to get rid of some old stuff
Miranda: I won't wear that anymore
Robyn: Are you sure?
Miranda: Pretty sure ;) But all of this is almost new
Miranda: I want to go shopping as a reward ;)
Robyn: Oh and you need more space, I see ;)
Miranda: Exactly!
Robyn: I'm afraid it's all too small for me :/
Miranda: No way!
Summary: Miranda offered Robyn her old clothes that were almost unused but Robyn couldn't fit in them.
Dialogue: Mum: thank you for a lovely weekend darling
Shirley: thats ok mum it was great to see you
Mum: have you finished the fireplace wall?
Shirley: Not quite.. I need to finish the backing
Mum: did you find a big enough piece of cardboard?
Shirley: Yes there was some in the shed
Mum: how are you going to fix it?
Shirley: I have a staple gun
Mum: will that work?
Shirley: it should do
Mum: are you going to wall paper inside the fireplace or paint it grey?
Shirley: I'm not sure until I've enclosed it I'll see what will look the best
Mum: the grey may look the best then the white fire may stand out more
Shirley: yes thats what I'm thinking
Mum: send me a picture when you have done it
Shirley: <file_photo>
Mum: wow darling that looks fab 
Shirley: thanks mum xx
Summary: Mum and Shirley saw each other in the weekend. Shirley hasn't finished the fireplace wall yet. Shirley needs to finish the backing and cover the inside of the fireplace. Shirley sends Mum a photo, when the work is finished.
Dialogue: Alan: Hi Rob.
Rob: Hi Alan.
Alan: You know what, I have got a new business idea.
Rob: Another website?
Alan: No, this time it's food related.
Rob: Another hamburger stall?
Alan: No, it's fruit sushi.
Rob: Fruit sushi?
Alan: That's right. I have been trying different combinations of rice, fish and fruit to make sweeter versions of some traditional sushi specials.
Rob: You have already tried making these sushi?
Alan: Yes, I've got about twelve different recipes for maki and nigiri featuring slices of pear or guava alongside the other elements. Less fish, and not every fish seems to like it.
Rob: OK, well you could try it. Take a stall in the middle of a mall corridor, get a certificate for HACCP and see if it takes off.
Alan: But it's all oing to cost quite a lot of capital outlay. I reckoned about 30,000 dollars to get going and I can only put in ten. Would you be interested in lending me some start-up capital?
Rob: If you can find 20 people to put in a thousand each, then I'll be one. How about that?
Alan: I have done a business plan and the possible upside if it catches on is tremendous
Rob: What's the  margin and the volume of sales you reckon you can get off one stall?
Alan: I reckon it's going to be about a thousand dollars in gross profit every day, once it gets going. And that's conservative.
Rob: Well, send me the numbers over. I might stretch to 5,000 if it's really convincing. But no abandoning it when you get bored like you did with the camper van renovation business
Alan: well that business was just a hobby. It was never going to make much money. 
Rob: Well that's not quite what you said at the time. 
Alan: OK, well I'll send you the figures and you can see for yourself if I have left anything out.
Rob: Alright. I will have a look at it later in the week. A bit busy right now.  
Summary: Alan wants to start a business connected with fruit sushi and predicts big profit. He doesn't have enough money to start it and asks Rob for help. Rob will help Alan if he doesn't give up the business as he once did.
