Dialogue: Steve: Howdy! A new skirt, eh?
Julian: ??
Steve: Saw you both last night in front of the Odeon.
Julian: Nothing escapes your eye.
Steve:  A pretty thing she is!
Julian: The woman I was in the movies last night? LOL LOL
Steve: What?
Julian: It was my sister Bunny.
Steve: NO!! I'd love to meet her.
Julian: No pro. Come round tonight. We're in.
Steve: I sure will!
Summary: Steve saw Julian and his sister in front of the Odeon last night. Steve will come to Julian and meet his sister tonight.
Dialogue: Patty: Where are we going tonight?
Mary: to crisco?
Louis: what is it?
Mary: a friend told me it's good
Patty: hahaha
Patty: who told you that?
Mary: Damien, I don't think you know him
Patty: But are you aware that Damien is gay, and it's a gay club?
Mary: LOL, i've had no idea...
Louis: I like gay clubs
Louis: no creepy guys and amazing drag queens
Patty: so maybe we can actually go there
Mary: why not?
Patty: I've never been to a gay club
Mary: really??? So we have to go there
Patty: great!
Summary: Mary's gay friend, Damien recommended that she checks out a gay club named Crisco. Patty has never been to a gay club. Louis likes the idea because she enjoys seeing drag queens and there are no creepy men.
Dialogue: Marly: <file_other>
Marly: saw that trailer?
Marly: looks amazing
Marly: wanna watch it with me?
Demi: sorry, but no
Demi: don't like those kind of movies
Marly: oh, what a pity
Marly: but I understand:)
Summary: Marly wants Demi to watch a movie with her. Demi refuses, since she dislikes this kind of movies.
Dialogue: Trevor: How is your vacation?
Trevor: You haven’t posted anything on Instagram
Anny: I prefer not to
Trevor: You can share a story with close friends
Anny: I didn’t know I could
Anny: Maybe I’ll just send you some pictures through WhatsApp
Trevor: Whatever you prefer
Trevor: I can’t wait to see them :D
Trevor: Are you enjoying yourself?
Anny: Yes! A lot
Anny: I did a one-week massage course
Trevor: Thai massage?
Anny: Yes ☺
Trevor: I can be your guinea pig if you want to practice ;-)
Anny: I need to! Otherwise I will forget everything. 
Summary: Anny is on holiday and hasn't posted anything on Instagram. She will send Trevor photos via Whatsapp. Anny completed a one-week Thai massage course and will practice on Trevor when she needs to.
Dialogue: Patty: what are we doing for New Year's Eve?
Jill: I was just thinking about that... not to many prospects this year
Patty: Dean is having a party
Jill: Dean's parties are the worst :/
Patty: A little dull but he does have some cute friends
Jill: a trip to the seaside?
Patty: isn't everything booked?
Jill: we'll have to check.
Summary: Patty and Jill don't want to go to Dean's party for New Year's Eve. They plan a trip to the seaside, but everything can be already booked.
Dialogue: Liz: where are you watching the game tonight?
Pamela: what game?
Liz: don't be like that lol
Pamela: is ther something i should know??
Liz: we're playing Germany tonight!!
Pamela: christ i totally forgot
Pamela: what hour?
Liz: 9pm... dont tell me youve made plans
Pamela: i'll make them go away lol
Liz: good! wanna watch it at mine or are we hitting a bar?
Pamela: just give me like an hour and i'll get back to you
Pamela: i have a few things to sort out
Liz: well don't keep me waiting too long :)
Pamela: i'll get back to you asap!!
Summary: Tonight at 9 pm is the game with Germany. Pamela forgot about it. Liz wants to make plans with her to watch the game together. 
Dialogue: Henry: I am so ashamed after watching news tonight.
Thomas: What do you mean in particular? So many embarrassing images today
Henry: The visit of Macron and his wife to the white house?
Thomas: Oh, that...
Henry: I mean not only is his presidency a catastrophy in terms of actual politics
Thomas: sad, sad little orange man
Henry: he is now making a fool of himself as a son of a bitch who doesn't even know how to compliment women who are not 20 something year old models 
Thomas: I don't know how anyone could vote for him.
Summary: Henry is ashamed after watching news, he thinks the president is embarrassing. Thomas doesn't know how anyone could vote for him.
Dialogue: Cameron: Do you remember that we're going to the gym tonight?
Hunter: yeah, but, idk, i don't feel like sweating or, generally, moving my body...
Cameron: COME ON, are you kidding me?! You were supposed to start taking care of your health, eat healthy, EXERCISE REGULARLY...
Hunter: go without me, i'm too tired
Cameron: loser
Hunter: that's fair
Summary: Hunter is too tired to join Cameron at the gym tonight.
Dialogue: Diana: How much do you charge for an hour lesson?
Kas: It is 12GBP per hour in house plus milage.
Kas: At the moment I have the following slots available: Weekends, after 4pm on Thursday and all day Friday.
Diana: I would want lessons for my 12 year old daughter. Do you teach children?
Kas: Yes we do although we mainly teach adults.
Diana: We live in Nailsea. Can you come and teach her on Tuesdays at 4pm?
Kas: Unfortunately Tuesdays are already fully booked. But I can teach her on Thursday or Friday. However I would have to charge milage to come out.
Kas: Milage is 50p per mile there and back.
Kas: Nialsea is 10 miles from us so that would make 22GBP per hour if I come out to you.
Diana: That is really expensive. Fuel doesn't cost that much!!!
Kas: That's true but I have to charge for my time and travel time is still time.
Diana: OK. Thanks for the info. We'll think about it.
Kas: If you want to keep the costs down you can always come to our place. We do teach from home.
Summary: Kas charges 12 pounds per lesson plus 50p per mile there and back for mileage. Kas is available on weekends, on Thursday after 4 PM and all day on Friday. Kas teaches children as well. It would cost 22 pounds per hour, if Kas came to Nialsea for lessons. Kas teaches from home too.
Dialogue: Tom: i took Josh to d doc
Tom: u were right - he needs glasses
Tom: btw this is tom
Tom: tom kent
Riley: if u were tryin to do bond james bond that was a MASSIVE FAIL
Riley: glad to help :)
Tom: help show dat i'm a failure?
Riley: NO. Help Josh. he's a great kid
Riley: tho tht was fun 2
Tom: i'm offended
Riley: u'll get over it ;)
Tom: or mayb u need 2 make it up 2 me? ;)
Summary: Tom took Josh to the doctor and, as Riley said, Josh needs glasses. 
Dialogue: Rick: Wanna come over and watch the new seaseon of the simpsons
Morty: not today no
Rick: ok let me know when you'll be up for it
Morty: maybe next week
Morty: I'll let you know
Summary: Rick and Morty may meet next week to watch the new season of "The Simpsons".
Dialogue: Jeff: You're up late. What are you doing?
Patricia: It's not that late
Jeff:  I'm 5 hours behind, but I know what time is in London now :)
Patricia: I'm writing a translation for an important client
Jeff: You and your translations... won't you try something new?
Patricia: I'm working on it, but you need to have time to look for a job
Patricia: and I have no spare time
Summary: Patricia is in London working on an important translation now and has no time to look for a job. Jeff is 5 hours behind her. His disapproves of her translating activity.
Dialogue: Lisa: Why did you resign?
Harry: I was not satisfied with the salary 
Lisa: What would you do now? 
Harry: I have asked my friends to help me through 
Lisa: Hope they would do something 
Harry: Hope so 
Lisa: Did you talk to Larry? 
Harry: Nope 
Lisa: You should coz he was looking for a man for his shop 
Harry: I would contact him tomorrow morning 
Lisa: Would be good 
Harry: thanks 
Lisa: np 
Summary: Harry quit the job because he wanted to earn more. Larry is looking for an employee. Harry will get in touch with him.
Dialogue: Wilma: The next sports camp is scheduled for July.
Terence: How do you know?
Wilma: My uncle will be mentoring there.
Tiffany: Good news :D
Tiffany: Does he teach tennis?
Wilma: That's right.
Wilma: He has been playing since he was born.
Terence: Good, I need to practice my backhand.
Tiffany: Same here.
Terence: What is the cost of that camp?
Wilma: I'll provide details tomorrow.
Summary: The next sports camp is scheduled for July. Wilma's uncle will be a tennis teacher there. Terence and Tiffany need to practise their backhand. Wilma will check a camp's price tomorrow.
Dialogue: Cameron: Damn. It's so cold outside
Maya: Oh maybe would u like to come here or somewhere around and then we could go together to drink some? Since I don't know very well this part of the city. Huh?
Cameron: I'm in the city for a beer
Maya: Where exactly?
Cameron: Iguana. Piazza Cavour !!
Maya: Hehe I was there for a while earlier with my friend to see John. Are u alone there?
Cameron: With a friend. But he's leaving now !!
Maya: And u gonna stay there? Maybe here near the beach there is any other pub? So u want me to go there? Or maybe we can go somewhere closer to the beach?
Cameron: With who u are there?
Maya: There is my friend with her boyfriend
Cameron: 3 of you'll in a bedroom ?
Maya: Yes. Why?:)
Cameron: Can we have like a gangbang. Ahaha
Maya: Hahah they are just doing their stuff right now hahhaha
Summary: Cameron is drinking beer in Iguana. Maya was there a bit earlier. Cameron and Maya want to meet up today.
Dialogue: Adam: He is asking me to ask you to unblock him
Lora: I dont want to talk to him
Adam: What should I say to him?
Lora: You should block him to
Adam: Lol
Lora: Just say what ever you want, I am not unblocking anyone today
Adam: K :/
Summary: Lora doesn't want to talk to him and won't unblock him.
Dialogue: Lindy: Hi Babe! Thought you might be interested:
Lindy: <file_other>
Lindy: Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna chamber orchestra.
Sharon: Wow! Thank you!
Sharon: Which sender?
Lindy: 3sat, at 8:15
Lindy: tonight
Summary: There will be a transmission of Thomas Hampson singing with the Vienna Chamber Orchestra tonight at 8:15 on 3sat.
