Dialogue: Barb: Dina, tell me you are there.
Dina: I am, what's up?
Barb: I was just browsing the web and guess what?
Dina: What?
Barb: I'm asking you. Guess what I found.
Dina: No idea. You've got to tell me.
Barb: Remember the sweater Bob had when we were skiing last winter?
Dina: Vaguely. Why?
Barb: You don't remember? The red sweater with a deer?
Dina: Yeah, what about it?
Barb: I burnt it trying to light up fireworks, remember?
Dina: I remember. That was fun.
Barb: C'mon. I just found a sweater that looks exactly like the burnt one.
Dina: Good. What're you gonna do?
Barb: I am gonna buy it and deliver it to Bob in person.
Dina: You sure?
Barb: Yes. I haven't seen him for a year, and you know...
Dina: Know what?
Barb: You know, he sort of liked me. I think.
Dina: I wouldn't bother.
Barb: Why? Don't you think he is cute?
Dina: He is. But don't you know?
Barb: Know what?
Dina: He just got married last month.
Barb: Bummer.
Dina: Yeah. Forget the sweater.
Barb: Good thing I texted you!
Dina: Sure, any time.
Summary: Barb burnt Bob's sweater while trying to light up fireworks last year. She found indentical sweater on the internet and she wants to give it to Bob in person. Barb learns that Bob got married last month, so she abandons her idea. 
Dialogue: Mom: Is everything okay?
Denise: Of course it is. I wanted to call you. I've got some news 😉
Mom: What news? 
Denise: I'm moving to the new apartament, which will be closer to the uni. 
Mom: I got to know all the details. When can I call you?
Denise: Last class is at 6. Call me at 8 or later.
Denise: Jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to Warsaw. I will not be able to pay for rent alone.
Denise: I was thinking about moving in with Dan. But you're right, we gotta talk about it.
Mom: That is serious! I'm surprised.
Mom: But whatever makes you happy. 
Denise: Thank you😍
Denise: Btw that cheesecake you gave me was delicious! All gone already
Mom: ❤️
Denise: Can't wait to talk to you. Is dad at home?
Mom: He will be at home soon. If you wish we can talk on Skype.
Denise: Good idea! Okay, let's make it 8:30. I will install it first.
Denise: I hope dad will be in a good mood.
Mom: If not, I will not tell him about our little Skype session 😜
Denise: Haha it's fine, tell him. I miss him too. But he will help me carry my stuff very soon.😊
Denise: OK, I should stop texting now.
Mom: I forgot you are on that lecture! Talk later
Denise: 👋
Summary: Denise is moving to the new apartment, which will be closer to the uni. Jess broke up with her boyfriend and she wants to move to Warsaw, so Denise won't be able to pay the rent alone. Denise has her last class at 6, so her mum will call her on Skype at 8.30. Dad will be home soon too. 
Dialogue: Steve: Hi guys. I Will just go get breakfast. Wanna join?
Nick: We’d like to shower first, we'll join you later
Steve: Ok, I'll leave the key in the laundry room
Nick: Hey Steve, you locked our key in the laundry room so we can't get in
Steve: Fuck, I forgot! So sorry
Nick: Where are you?
Steve: In the bakery, but I'll come back, no problem
Nick: Chill, finish your food ;) We'll grab it
Steve: Ok, I'm sitting outside
Nick: Ok be right there
Steve: Sorry again! I guess I was tired haha
Nick: I know bro
Steve: <file_gif>
Summary: Steve goes to get breakfast, while Nick takes a shower. Steve has locked their key in the laundry room and they can't get in. Steve is sitting outside the bakery. Nick will join him.
Dialogue: Amanda: Hi! I'm going on a date! I need some advice and support.
Pam: Yeah, sure.
Amanda: You know i'm shy right?!
Pam: oh, so just talk about normal stuff a book that you're reading, your last weekend, your interests etc
Amanda: so what do i do when i'm stuck and have no more ideas?
Pam: listen to TED talks so you'll have something interesting to show off 
Amanda: yeah, it could inspire a great conversation
Pam: yeah, totally!
Amanda: so what if he asks me if i go out with him again? i don't wanna sound desperate!
Pam: just be cool! tell him to give you a ring cause you're not sure about your plans  
Amanda: yeah, ok
Pam: you'll be fine! trust me! 
Summary: Amanda is going out on a date and needs some advice from Pam as she is shy. Pam gives her conversation topic ideas and advises Amanda about a response to a potential invitation for a next meeting. 
Dialogue: Olga: Have you heard the news?
Patricia: What news?
Roberta: About Mrs Richardson?
Olga: Mrs Richardson is leaving Bradly High next month
Patricia: Why??
Olga: Nobody knows... 
Summary: Mrs Richardson is leaving Bradly High next month.
Dialogue: Nancy: RIP #41...
Ralph: A class act... :-(
Nancy: He was. Much different than now...
Ralph: I hear ya...
Summary: #41 passed away. 
Dialogue: Oscar: Hi! I've heard that your sister speaks German fluently. Is this true?
Oscar: Is she looking for a job?
Oscar: I have a language school and right now I am desperately looking for a German teacher.
Emma: She does, but I'm not sure if she's ready to go back to work. She has recently given birth to her daughter and as far as I know she would like to spend some time at home with the baby.
Emma: But I will call her and let you know.
Oscar: Ok, thanks!
Oscar: Tell your sister congratulations! :-)
Emma: Laura said that she is not ready to leave Olivia with a babysitter, but she reminded me that we have a friend, who has a major in German.
Emma: Give me a second, I will try to contact her.
Oscar: What did she say?
Emma: Janice is interested, but she wants to talk to you on her own.
Emma: I gave her your phone number, I hope you don't mind it.
Oscar: Emma, you're a godsent!!! :-) Thanks!
Oscar: I was getting really desperate. You can't imagine how hard it is to find a German teacher in this town.
Emma: You're welcome. :)
Emma: Oh, really? I thought it is a rather popular profession.
Oscar: Well, it turned out it is not. I've been looking for a German teacher since June!
Emma: Then I'm happy that you've found one (potentially, of course). :)
Oscar: Once again thank you for all your help!
Emma: And once again: you're welcome, Oscar! :)
Summary: Oscar has a language school and needs to hire a German teacher.  Emma's sister speaks German, but she is not interested in this job offer as she has recently given birth. She has a friend to recommend. Referred girl is interested and will speak with Oscar on her own.
Dialogue: Mike: I broke up with Mary
Mike: 😫😫😫
Jacob: whaaat? 
Jacob: U kidding? 
Mike: No 
Jacob: Should I come over and we'll talk in person 
Jacob: I saw Mary today 
Jacob: I said hi but she completely ignored me 
Mike: Can you come tonight 😫😫😫
Jacob: Sure thing bro
Summary: Mike broke up with Mary. Jacob will come over tonight to cheer Mike up.
Dialogue: Josh: going to the pub to watch the game
Josh: wanna tag along?
Eric: can't today
Eric: got some work that I need to finish by tomorrow
Josh: oh well, have fun then :P
Summary: Eric can't watch the game with Josh, because he has to finish a project by tomorrow.
Dialogue: Alice: I see you girls are getting ready for Black Friday :D
Veronica: HAHAHA, yes!
Cara: <3
Cara: <file_photo>, I love this dress
Alice: It is gorgeous!
Veronica: <file_photo> the season is open :)
Cara: Haha, I am on my way as well!
Alice: And I am still working :(
Veronica: Say that you feel bad and need to leave ASAP :D
Alice: Yeah, that won't be at all suspicious :D
Cara: Zara has -30% on EVERYTHING
Veronica: <file_photo> mission accomplished, I am poor but happy
Cara: Money can buy happiness after all :P
Alice: Hopefully there will be something left by the time I leave work, I also want to buy some of that happiness :)
Summary: Veronica and Cara are going shopping on Black Friday sales. Alice is still at work.
Dialogue: Tamara: Hello, it's about our meeting at the teen's center. Leon won't come. What should i do?
Constanza: Hello. Please try again to persuade him
Tamara: i did already, but he refuses 
Constanza: Tell him that he will get help.
Tamara: but he says he doen't need any help. He's fine.
Constanza: I see. In this case, please come  on your own, we'll discuss about it.
Tamara: I'm really sorry for all that mess! I'll be there at 3pm.
Constanza: Fine, and ask him again to come. We'll never know.
Summary: Tamara will meet with Constanza at the teen's center at 3 pm. She will try to persuade Leon to come with her.
Dialogue: Lloyd: are you home?
Judy: no, why?
Lloyd: I can't reach mum
Lloyd: I've been trying to call her but she won't answer
Lloyd: every time it rang and then went to voicemail...
Lloyd: you know I'm not the kind of person to freak out but... 
Lloyd: I can't help being worried with how she had to be taken to hospital 2 months ago
Judy: calm down
Judy: mum's not home either, she forgot her phone
Judy: I noticed that earlier today before I went out
Lloyd: oh...
Lloyd: well that doesn't make me 100% calm bc what if she needs help and doesn't have her phone on her
Judy: she'll be fine, she's not a child, that was a one-time thing
Judy: I'm sure she'll be home soon and call you back. is it that important?
Lloyd: nah, it's nothing really, I just want to know she's okay now
Summary: Lloyd's worried about his mum because she doesn't answer his calls. He's worried because 2 months ago mum was taken to hospital. Judy says mum has left her phone at home and tries to calm Lloyd down.
Dialogue: Rebecca: Good morning
Rebecca: When you call Interflora, don't forget to give them the reference number
Rebecca: I sent you a copy of the invoice yesterday, it should be on your phone
Rebecca: The reference number is 889905, if you should need it
Oscar: Morning
Oscar: Ok
Rebecca: It would be good if they can check that the order went through successfully
Rebecca: It's a pity if the flowers don't arrive on time
Oscar: I'll check ;)
Oscar: I think everyone is meeting up at Tasha afterwards
Rebecca: Yeah I thought that's what they might do, it's a great idea :)
Rebecca: Where did you see that?
Oscar: On fb
Rebecca: I don't see it anywhere
Oscar: I didn't see who posted it, I think maybe it was Alex or Maria
Oscar: It was there :)
Rebecca: 👍
Rebecca: Let me know how it goes with Interflora
Oscar: Ok
Summary: Oscar and Rebecca are going to meet everyone at Tasha.
Dialogue: Emma: Have you bought new mouse for the PC?
William: What hpnd to the previous one?
Emma: idk. its not working.
William: I just bought this before a week
Emma: I dont know bou that. We need a new one. :/
William: Can you wait for another two days?
Emma: But I need to my assignment tomorrow and I need it right now
William: K dont worry. Ill do something
Summary: The computer mouse doesn't work. Emma needs a new one now to make an assignment for tomorrow. William will do something. 
Dialogue: Carol: Did you clean your room?
Nick: not yet
Carol: You know that we have visitors Tomorrow?
Nick: yes Mum, I know
Carol: Then do it!
Nick: I will
Nick: don't worry
Carol: Just make sure to do what you're asked!
Carol: I'll stop worrying then.
Summary: Carol is worried that Nick hasn't cleaned his room yet.
Dialogue: Katya: I'm upstairs 
Jenny: ok, we're coming
Matilda: with the cake!
Katya: lovely!
Summary: Katya is upstairs. Jenny and Matilda are coming with a cake.
Dialogue: Chris: <file_photo>
Jason: Lovely weather
Beatriz: Really? Here in Cambridge it's raining cats and dogs :-(
Beatriz: <file_photo>
Jason: Not in London
Chris: I'm taking my dogs for a walk.
Jason: Enjoy!
Beatriz: I'm in the library...
Jason: Oh no! Even on Saturday?
Beatriz: PhD life...
Jason: :-(
Beatriz: Ahhhh it's not that bad :-)
Jason: Have a lovely weekend both of you!
Beatriz: Thanks, you too!
Summary: Beatriz is in Cambridge and it's raining heavily there. She's in the library studying for her PhD. In Chris' place the weather is lovely. 
Dialogue: Ruth: OMG I AM WELL LOST!! where am I and how did I even get here?????
Freya: well where are you????
Ruth: I'll stop somewhere and let you know
Freya: send me a screenshot of google maps, I'll find you
Ruth: I've stopped, lemme check
Ruth: OH MY WORD, I'm in nowheres land
Freya: that's ok, that's close to where I live 🤣 🤣 
Ruth: not funny 😱 
Freya: well where are you?
Ruth: <File_photo>
Freya: oh that's bad!
Ruth: Don't say that!!!!
Freya: you should never pass the graveyard, now you are on the OTHER SIDE...
Ruth: stop messing me about. 😭  
Ruth: Which way please? 
Freya: see if you can turn around somewhere and get back to the graveyard
Freya: when you see the church go left, passed those shops you liked last time
Freya: then by the roundabout right and you'll know it again
Ruth: is that all?!?!? I thought I was miles away!!
Freya: no actually you are quite close. 
Ruth: DOH!! ☺️ Sorry... 
Ruth: see you in a bit! 😘 
Freya: good luck, I'll stick the kettle on
Freya: 😘 
Summary: Ruth got lost, but Freya told her which way to go.
Dialogue: Max: Hi, do you want to go play tennis with me on Saturday?
Ben: Yeah sure
Max: But I'm warning you I haven't played for a long time
Ben: That's no problem, I didn't play either
Max: Why? I thought you're playing regulary
Ben: I kind of changed sports
Max: So what are you playing now ?
Ben: Squash, did you hear about it?
Max: Yeah once or twice but I've never played it
Ben: It's really great! You should try it
Max: Yeay why not actually
Ben: Listen, I'm playnig every Sunday maybe you can join me?
Max: Oh on that Sunday I'm busy cause there is my girlfirends birthday 
Ben: I see, what about next Sunday?
Max: That would be fine
Ben: Okay see you then!
Summary: Max and Ben will meet on Saturday to play tennis. Ben plays squash every Sanday. Max will join him next Sunday. He has never played it.
Dialogue: Lisa: Dear Victor, just wanted to say thank you for the invitation. It was such a nice afternoon and your daughters are really nice. It's late now, so I'll just wish you good night.
Victor: Hi Lisa, I'm not asleep yet. I should thank you for joining us. Yes, it was a lovely afternoon and the girls loved it. I think they like you a lot.
Lisa: Hope they don't dislike me :)
Lisa: The choice of the place was great too. How come you know all those funny venues?
Victor: Don't forget I studied in this city and it has not changed that much. We used to patronise White Dame more than we should have, I'm afraid.
Victor: Did you like the food? I'm afraid they aren't at their best for vegetarians.
Lisa: I liked it even if the combination of mushrooms and oranges was a bit unusual. Anyway the wine was superb.
Victor: They've always had great wines from South America and from South Africa. Very little from Europe. But then one of the owners is Argentinian I believe.
Victor: You looked lovely, Lisa. I liked your new hairstyle a lot. Suits you!
Lisa: Thanks. I'll keep my hair short now. So comfortable!
Victor: But then you'll have long hair again, ok?
Victor: A! Let me send you the pics the waiter took of us today.
Victor: <file_photo>
Lisa: Oh my gosh! so many!
Victor: <file_photo>
Lisa: Hope it's all?
Victor: Yes, all of them. Nice eh?
Lisa: Thxs. You look so serious in some!
Victor: After all it was my birthday party.
Lisa: And you've got to wait one whole year for the next one.
Victor: Who knows where we'll be celebrating it?
Lisa: Who knows?
Lisa: Now time to say good night. Thanks again for this splendid afternoon.
Victor: My pleasure. Sleep well, Lisa.
Summary: Lisa spent a nice the afternoon with Victor and his daughters. They were at a restaurant to celebrate Victor's birthday. They really liked the wine and vegetarian food. They took many pictures together.
Dialogue: Lianne: Are we doing Secret Santa this year?
Nancy: Hell yes!
Pamela: Sure!
Zaz: Tbh I'm quite short on cash but I really want to do this
Pamela: don't worry we won't get overboard
Nancy: you can bake sth if you pick me ;)
Lianne: OK, so we're doing 15 $ limit and Zaz bakes someone as SS
Pamela: LOL did u just call her nazi? :D
Nancy: <file_photo>
Pamela: I'M DYING
Zaz: <file_gif>
Lianne: OMG I just realised what I wrote sorry!
Zaz: ok I know you don't think I'm an actual nazi ;)
Lianne: I feel so stupid now
Lianne: <file_gif>
Pamela: I'll create a poll to set the date
Lianne: thx gr8
Nancy: so excited!
Summary: Lianne, Nancy, Pamela and Zaz are going to do Secret Santa this year. Pamela will create a poll to set the date. They set the limit to $15. 
Dialogue: Susanne: hi
Ursula: hello 
Susanne: how are you? 
Ursula: not so good 
Susanne: why? 
Susanne: :(
Ursula: my boyfriend broke up with me 
Summary: Ursula is feeling low because her boyfriend has left her.
Dialogue: Hobbs: We wish you a merry Christmas and happy New Year!
Hobbs: <file_photo>
Tracy: We too send you our best season's greetings! All the very best to you, intrepid travelers!
Hobbs: Thank you!
Summary: Hobbs and Tracy wish each other a merry holiday season.
Dialogue: Rene: hey there :)
Rene: just wanted to check with you, are we buying Karl a gift?
Kate: hola!
Kate: sure we do
Kate: didn't you see my message?
Rene: oops, I've missed it
Kate: right :D
Rene: seriously!
Kate: okay :) anyway, just send me the money and we're all set
Rene: will do
Summary: Rene and Kate will get Karl a gift. Rene will send Kate the money for it.
Dialogue: Henry: <file_photo>
Angelo: what did you do
Henry: isn't it sick?
Angelo: ...were you sober when you decided on the design?
Henry: STFU I like it
Angelo: SMDH
Summary: Angelo doesn't like Henry's design. 
Dialogue: Thorne: what time ru commin?
Sylvester: i leave the office @5 so 6/6.30
Selvyn: i gueess 7 is doable
Thorne: oh right. i'm out till 6 so we're fine to meet then
Summary: Sylvester and Selvyn will meet Thorne around 7.
Dialogue: Diane: What time will you be here?
Sam: I have a manicure at 1:30
Diane: So 3?
Sam: Yeah
Diane: Great I will be ready to leave then
Sam: okey dokey
Diane: Timmy’s asking what are you gonna bring him :D
Sam: hahaha ask him what he would lie to get
Diane: stop, he has gotten used to getting gifts
Sam: just a little something
Diane: a small book
Sam: deal
Diane: :*
Summary: Diane and Sam will meet up at 3. Sam will get a small gift for Timmy.
Dialogue: Samantha: Hey, what are you doing right now?
Jonas: Working. But what's going on?
Samantha: I'm buying dress for Sara's wedding, can you have a look?
Jonas: Sure, bring it on :D
Samantha: <file_video>
Jonas: Hmm... I like the green and blue one, yellow looks a bit creepy XD
Summary: Samantha's buying a dress for Sara's wedding. Jonas prefers the green and blue one, doesn't like the yellow one.
Dialogue: Tim: Do the Lions play the Dophins next year? Would be interesting to see Suh against the Lions
Daniel: Not sure. I should check that.
Tim: He could stomp on someone!
Daniel: Just checked....not playing them this year. No stomping. We do play the Rams.
Tim: That'll be battle of the defenses!
Daniel: You're right :)
Tim: I'm so excited...
Summary: Tim and Daniel root for Miami Dolphins. The Dolphins will not be playing against the Lions this year but against the Rams.
Dialogue: Liam: Have you woken up?
Nancy: yes, we're having breakfast
Kim: we should be ready to leave in 15min
Liam: great!
Summary: Kim and Nancy woke up and they're having a breakfast now. They should be ready to leave in 15 minutes.
Dialogue: Jude: Did you say you’re going to take a vacation next month?
Ruth: Yes, my family and I are going to New York for a week. Can't wait for it, never been there.
Jude: I envy you. I haven’t had a vacation for a long time. I wish I could get away for a while.
Ruth: You can take a vacation sometime soon, can’t you?
Jude: No, there’s too much work to do. Maybe next year, though.
Summary: Ruth is going for a 1-week vacation to New York with her family.
Dialogue: Amalia: Is anybody in the city centre tonight?
Amanda: I will rather stay home, it's too cold
Joan: it's terrible outside, I won't go out today anymore for sure
Tony: hahaha, Amanda, I guess it's an answer to your question
Amalia: hahaha, right
Amalia: what about you Tony?
Tony: I'm already on my way home. Let's meet some other day
Amalia: ok
Summary: Amalia wants to go out in the city centre tonight but it's too cold for Amanda and Joan. Tony can't come as he is already on his way home.
Dialogue: Vanessa: Where are you seating?
Alex: Row 7, seats 12,13
Vanessa: thanks!
Summary: Alex is seating in row 7, seats 12 and 13. 
