Paragraph 1: Uga was an important theatre in the Biafran War by hosting an airstrip alongside Uli and rising to prominent use after the major strip in Uli was destroyed. Biafra's two main airfields were at Enugu and Port Harcourt. Three other landing grounds existed at Calabar, Owerri and Ogoja, but with little (if any) landing facilities, such as landing aids, etc. The loss of Enugu, Biafra Capital on 4 October 1967 and two weeks later Calabar in the South East helped the Federal troops to control the Biafra-Cameroon border and seal off the Biafran coastal ports. The Biafran Pilots were forced to transfer international communications, including valuable arms flights to Port Harcourt which became Biafra's main outlet to the world until May 1968. It was the loss of Enugu that prompted the concept of establishing a series of secret airstrips in the Biafran hinterland and a team of Biafran engineers began to select the possible sites. So the effort concentrated upon the site, codenamed "Annabelle", just to the South of the village at Uli. By far the largest of the projected new airstrips, Uli became synonymous with the entire Biafran effort to survive. Next to the "Rising Sun" National insignia, it undoubtedly became the best known symbol of Biafra. The strip was converted from a stretch of the main Owerri to Ihiala road. Nevertheless, it was commented by one airlift pilot much later, "a nice wide road, but a damned narrow runway". For inbound flights Uli operated only between the hours of darkness officially from 17:00 to 05:00 UTC or GMT at the time. Landing was only permissible after the crew had transmitted the correct landing-code for the night. The coded phases changed regularly. Towards the end of January 1969 the Biafran Air Force introduced a new frequency shift system for the final approach and landing phase. With this new arrangement, pilots initially contact Biafra Air Control Center (ACC) using the normal code format. As soon the contact with an inbound aircraft was established and confirmed. then, depending on weather, enemy activity, traffic, ACC would then clear the aircraft to Uli tower in plain language to until touchdown. Ihiala is just off the road, along the approach to Uli had a Church with two tall spires, visible on approach to Uli. Landing planes passed just over it. Many aviators were buried there. By the end of war 35 airmen were buried there. Nigeria bulldozed the graves.

Paragraph 2: Duncan's early life was steeped in West Texas music. He picked this up naturally as a boy listening to his mother play rhythm guitar in his uncle's country band. Later, he began sharpening his vocal skills, influenced by his early idols Eddy Arnold, Perry Como, Jim Reeves, and Frank Sinatra. He was born into a musical family. He was proud of his talented cousins, including Eddie Seals, Jimmy Seals of Seals & Crofts, and country singer Dan Seals. "He knew when he was 12 years old that playing music and singing songs was going to be his life", said his wife, Connie Duncan.

Paragraph 3: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 4: Nathan Brackett of Rolling Stone gave the album three stars out of five, writing, "If the Slim Shady and Marshall Mathers albums were slapstick trips into one man's psychosis - like the Marx Brothers starring in Taxi Driver - then Devil's Night is Friday the 13th by the Farrelly brothers [...] with results varying from silly to just dumb", though he felt that the album's redeeming qualities lied in the album's production and Eminem's lyricism, writing, "Devil's Nights high points are some of the most accomplished hip-hop we'll hear this year." Jason Birchmeier of AllMusic wrote, "Besides the remarkable production, Eminem also showcases his songwriting genius on several of the song's hooks, bringing a catchy pop-rap approach to hardcore lyrics." Q Magazine also awarded the album three stars out of five, describing it as "a slightly tweaked re-run of The Marshall Mathers LP, with a couple of stonking singles." NME gave Devil's Night a 7 out of 10, stating that it is "Eminem's most misogynistic, homophobic, violent and anally fixated trip to date. Like all his work it's offensive, defensive and, somehow, still quite charming." The Source gave the record three and half out of five mics. As many of the magazine's editors were feuding with D12 at the time of the review, namely Benzino, the rating is usually considered biased.

Paragraph 5: Future College Football Hall of Fame inductee Warren B. Woodson took over as head coach in 1958. He previously had success at the Conway Teachers College (now Central Arkansas) and Hardin–Simmons. In his second season at New Mexico State, Woodson's team defeated North Texas in the 1959 Sun Bowl. The following year, Woodson guided the Aggies to an 11–0 finish, the only perfect season in school history. That year, New Mexico State defeated Utah State, 20–13, in the 1960 Sun Bowl and attained a final AP Poll ranking of 17th. Quarterback Charley Johnson won the bowl MVP honors both years becoming the first and still only player in NCAA history to win the MVP award from the same bowl game in back-to-back years. Johnson went on to play in the National Football League for 15 years with the St. Louis Cardinals, Houston Oilers and Denver Broncos. During his NFL career he managed to complete a Doctorate in Chemical Engineering making him one of only a handful of NFL player to earn a Ph.D. Dr. Johnson subsequently retired as a professor and department head of the Chemical Engineering school at NMSU. The Aggies continued to fare well under Woodson through the 1967 season. However at the end of that season, university administration, with whom Woodson had a contentious relationship throughout his career, invoked a clause requiring state employees to retire at age 65. Thus Woodson, who would turn 65 that offseason, was essentially forced out despite a 7–2–1 1967 campaign that ended with a 54–7 shellacking of archrival New Mexico. Despite some impressive single game wins and individual player stats, the Aggies have struggled as a team in the days since Woodson. Since his departure Aggie football has spiraled into an abyss of perennial futility that some Aggie fans have begun to refer to as the "Woodson Curse." In the 50+ seasons since Woodson's firing, NMSU has amassed just four winning seasons, while failing to appear in a single bowl game until the 2017 Arizona Bowl. From 1968 to 1985, NMSU's football program declined, failing to reach a single bowl game and struggling to win football games. The Aggies' best season during this time period was a 5–5–1 mark in 1971 under head coach Jim Wood. Jim Bradley, Gil Krueger and Fred Zechman also led the Aggies football program during these years and they failed to produce any winning seasons as they were fired as a result. In 1978, Krueger and the Aggies went 6-5 and won the Missouri Valley Conference.

Paragraph 6: Haddy became one of the first presenters of Play School, a show that has launched the career of many Australian soap stars. She appeared in numerous made-for-television movies in the 1960s, as well as taking guest roles in serials throughout the 1960s and early 1970s including Wandjina! (1966 Australian Television series), Dynasty (the 1970–71 Australian television series), and Punishment. From the late 1970s onwards her roles in TV soaps where more prominent, with her first major permanent role was in the series Prisoner, where she played Doreen Anderson's mother, who having abandoned Doreen as a youngster, returns to visit her revealing she has terminal cancer. In 1982 until 1985 she played housemaid Rosie Andrews (later Palmer) in Sons and Daughters, before in 1985 taking on her longest and most famous regular role, as series matriarch Helen Daniels, in Neighbours a role she would appear in for the 12 years, racking up 1,162 episodes. At the time of her exit she was the longest serving actor and the only actor who had been with the show since the very first episode.

Paragraph 7: The ECMDB's content may be explored or searched using a variety of database-specific tools. The text search box (located at the top of every ECMDB page) allows users to conduct a general text search of the database's textual data, including names, synonyms, numbers and identifiers. The ECMDB employs a software tool called "Elastic Search" that allows misspellings and fuzzy text matching. Using the text search, users may select either metabolites or proteins in the "search for" field using the pull-down box located on the right side of the text search box.  In this way it is possible to restrict the search to only return results for those items associated with E. coli metabolites or with E. coli proteins. The ECMB has 7 selectable tabs located at the top of every page including: 1) Home; 2) Browse; 3) Search; 4) About; 5) Help; 6) Downloads and 7) Contact Us.  The ECMDB's browser (accessed via the Browse tab) can be used to browse through the database and to re-sort its contents. Six different browse options are available: 1) Metabolite Browse (Fig. 1); 2) Protein Browse; 3) Reaction Browse (Fig. 2); 4) Pathway Browse (Fig. 3); 5) Class Browse; and 6) Concentration Browse. By selecting a specific Browse option the ECMDB's content can be displayed in a synoptic tabular format with the ECMDB identifiers, names and other data displayed in re-sortable tables.  Clicking on an ECMDB MetaboCard or ProteinCard button will bring up the full data content for the corresponding metabolite (Fig. 4) or the corresponding protein. The ECMDB also offers a number of Search options listed Under the Search link.  These include: 1) Chem Query; 2) Text Query; 3) Sequence Search; 4) Data Extractor; and 4 other MS or NMR spectral search tools. Chem Query option allows users to sketch or to type (via a SMILES string) a chemical compound and to search the ECMDB for metabolites similar or identical to the query compound. The Sequence Search can be used to perform BLAST (protein) sequence searches against all the protein sequences contained in ECMDB. Single and multiple sequence (i.e. whole proteome) BLAST queries are supported through this search tool.  It is also possible to perform detailed spectral searches of ECMDB's reference compound NMR and MS spectral data through the ECMDB's MS, MS/MS, GC/MS and NMR Spectra Search links. These tools are intended to support the identification and characterization of bacterial (mainly E. coli) metabolites using NMR spectroscopy, GC-MS spectrometry and LC-MS spectrometry.  The ECMDB also contains a large number of statistical tables, with detailed information about not only its content but also about E. coli, in general.  In particular, under the "About" tab, a section called "E. coli numbers and stats" contains hundreds of interesting factoids about E. coli and E. coli physiology. Many components of the ECMDB are fully downloadable, including most of textual data, chemical structures and sequence data.  These may be retrieved by clicking on the Download button, scrolling through the different files and selecting the appropriate hyperlinks.

Paragraph 8: Fulmars from Illustrious shot down an Italian aircraft shadowing Force A at 09:30. Valiant avoided torpedoes launched by two SM.79s approaching under the radar horizon at 12:30.  As the combat air patrol Fulmars dropped altitude to engage the SM.79s, Force A was attacked at 12:35 by 18 He 111s of KG 26 and 43 Ju 87s of StG 1 and StG 2 escorted by 10 Bf 110s of ZG 26.  Illustrious completed launching Fulmar and Swordfish patrol aircraft as the attack developed. Illustrious was the main target and was enveloped in waterspouts and mist of exploding bombs. Some bombers diving from an altitude of 12,000 feet delayed bomb release until they pulled-out lower than the height of Illustrious funnel. The five air patrol Fulmars had not returned from chasing the SM.79s which attacked Valiant and the four recently launched Fulmars were unable to gain altitude rapidly enough to break up the attack. The Fulmars claimed eight enemy aircraft during the bombing of Force A as they shuttled to Malta airfields to refuel and re-arm.  Warspite was lightly damaged by a bomb.  Illustrious was hit by five bombs, including one which failed to explode and a near miss disabled her rudder mechanism. A bomb striking a lowered elevator caused extensive hangar damage, with many casualties among aircraft maintenance personnel, nine Swordfish and five Fulmars destroyed. At 15:30 Illustrious headed for Malta steering with engines. The bombing attacks continued. Seven SM.79s were discouraged by heavy anti-aircraft fire but an attack by six Italian Ju 87s at 16:00 scored another bomb hit and two near misses. Fourteen German Ju 87s missed Valiant and Janus and a later attack by 14 He 111s was similarly ineffective. Illustrious reached Malta at 21:30 and would suffer 126 dead and 91 wounded by the time she departed from Malta.

Paragraph 9: There is no precise definition of "great house", and the understanding of varies between countries. In England, while most villages would have a manor house since time immemorial, originally home of the lord of the manor and sometimes referred to as "the big house", not all would have anything as lavish as a traditional English country house, one of the traditional markers of an established "county" family that derived at least a part of its income from landed property. Stately homes, even rarer and more expensive, were associated with the peerage, not the gentry. Many mansions were demolished in the 20th century; families that had previously split their time between their country house and their town house found the maintenance of both too expensive. Many properties are now open to the public as historic house museums, either run by their ancestral owners on a commercial basis, or having been given to English Heritage or similar organisations. Others operate as hotels and wedding venues. Some still serve as the family seat.

Paragraph 10: Gregory was born in Ballybough on Dublin's Northside, the second child of Anthony Gregory and Ellen Gregory (née Judge). His mother, born in 1904 in Croghan, County Offaly, had moved to Dublin to work as a waitress, while his father, born in the North Strand area of Dublin, worked as a warehouseman in Dublin Port. His family originally lived in a one-room apartment in Charleville Street. The family applied to be housed by Dublin Corporation but were denied, with an official saying "come back when you have six [children]". The incident left an impression on Gregory, and he would refer to it in interviews later in life. The family was able later to move to a house in Sackville Gardens, near the Royal Canal, using money they had saved. Gregory won a Dublin Corporation scholarship to the Christian Brothers’ O'Connell School. He later went on to University College Dublin (UCD), where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree and later a Higher Diploma in Education, funding his degree from summer work at the Wall's ice cream factory in Acton, London. Initially working at Synge Street CBS, Gregory later taught at Coláiste Eoin, an Irish-language secondary school in Booterstown, where he taught history and French. His students both at Synge Street and Coláiste Eoin included John Crown, Colm Mac Eochaidh, Aengus Ó Snodaigh and Liam Ó Maonlaí.

Paragraph 11: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 12: Uga was an important theatre in the Biafran War by hosting an airstrip alongside Uli and rising to prominent use after the major strip in Uli was destroyed. Biafra's two main airfields were at Enugu and Port Harcourt. Three other landing grounds existed at Calabar, Owerri and Ogoja, but with little (if any) landing facilities, such as landing aids, etc. The loss of Enugu, Biafra Capital on 4 October 1967 and two weeks later Calabar in the South East helped the Federal troops to control the Biafra-Cameroon border and seal off the Biafran coastal ports. The Biafran Pilots were forced to transfer international communications, including valuable arms flights to Port Harcourt which became Biafra's main outlet to the world until May 1968. It was the loss of Enugu that prompted the concept of establishing a series of secret airstrips in the Biafran hinterland and a team of Biafran engineers began to select the possible sites. So the effort concentrated upon the site, codenamed "Annabelle", just to the South of the village at Uli. By far the largest of the projected new airstrips, Uli became synonymous with the entire Biafran effort to survive. Next to the "Rising Sun" National insignia, it undoubtedly became the best known symbol of Biafra. The strip was converted from a stretch of the main Owerri to Ihiala road. Nevertheless, it was commented by one airlift pilot much later, "a nice wide road, but a damned narrow runway". For inbound flights Uli operated only between the hours of darkness officially from 17:00 to 05:00 UTC or GMT at the time. Landing was only permissible after the crew had transmitted the correct landing-code for the night. The coded phases changed regularly. Towards the end of January 1969 the Biafran Air Force introduced a new frequency shift system for the final approach and landing phase. With this new arrangement, pilots initially contact Biafra Air Control Center (ACC) using the normal code format. As soon the contact with an inbound aircraft was established and confirmed. then, depending on weather, enemy activity, traffic, ACC would then clear the aircraft to Uli tower in plain language to until touchdown. Ihiala is just off the road, along the approach to Uli had a Church with two tall spires, visible on approach to Uli. Landing planes passed just over it. Many aviators were buried there. By the end of war 35 airmen were buried there. Nigeria bulldozed the graves.

Paragraph 13: Uga was an important theatre in the Biafran War by hosting an airstrip alongside Uli and rising to prominent use after the major strip in Uli was destroyed. Biafra's two main airfields were at Enugu and Port Harcourt. Three other landing grounds existed at Calabar, Owerri and Ogoja, but with little (if any) landing facilities, such as landing aids, etc. The loss of Enugu, Biafra Capital on 4 October 1967 and two weeks later Calabar in the South East helped the Federal troops to control the Biafra-Cameroon border and seal off the Biafran coastal ports. The Biafran Pilots were forced to transfer international communications, including valuable arms flights to Port Harcourt which became Biafra's main outlet to the world until May 1968. It was the loss of Enugu that prompted the concept of establishing a series of secret airstrips in the Biafran hinterland and a team of Biafran engineers began to select the possible sites. So the effort concentrated upon the site, codenamed "Annabelle", just to the South of the village at Uli. By far the largest of the projected new airstrips, Uli became synonymous with the entire Biafran effort to survive. Next to the "Rising Sun" National insignia, it undoubtedly became the best known symbol of Biafra. The strip was converted from a stretch of the main Owerri to Ihiala road. Nevertheless, it was commented by one airlift pilot much later, "a nice wide road, but a damned narrow runway". For inbound flights Uli operated only between the hours of darkness officially from 17:00 to 05:00 UTC or GMT at the time. Landing was only permissible after the crew had transmitted the correct landing-code for the night. The coded phases changed regularly. Towards the end of January 1969 the Biafran Air Force introduced a new frequency shift system for the final approach and landing phase. With this new arrangement, pilots initially contact Biafra Air Control Center (ACC) using the normal code format. As soon the contact with an inbound aircraft was established and confirmed. then, depending on weather, enemy activity, traffic, ACC would then clear the aircraft to Uli tower in plain language to until touchdown. Ihiala is just off the road, along the approach to Uli had a Church with two tall spires, visible on approach to Uli. Landing planes passed just over it. Many aviators were buried there. By the end of war 35 airmen were buried there. Nigeria bulldozed the graves.

Paragraph 14: Andrew Atkinson Humphreys was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a family with Quaker ancestry.  His grandfather, Joshua, was the "Father of the American Navy", who had served as chief naval constructor from 1794–1801 and designed the first U.S. warships, six frigates, the USS Constitution ("Old Ironsides") and her sister ships.  Andrew's father, Samuel designed and built the USS Pennsylvania, the largest and most heavily armed ship at the time.  Samuel, like his father, was a chief naval constructor from 1826–1846. Andrew graduated from Nazareth Hall (predecessor to the present-day Moravian College and Theological Seminary). Thereafter, he entered the United States Military Academy, more commonly known as West Point, at the age of seventeen.  He graduated from the Academy on July 1, 1831.  Upon graduation Humphreys joined the second artillery regiment at Fort Moultrie in South Carolina.  Near the beginning of the Seminole Wars he followed his regiment in the summer of 1836 to Florida where he received his first combat experience, while also falling ill, having to leave by September. J. Watts De Peyster, who rose to brevet major general for the New York Volunteer Army during the Civil War and later Civil War historian says:

Paragraph 15: Gregory was born in Ballybough on Dublin's Northside, the second child of Anthony Gregory and Ellen Gregory (née Judge). His mother, born in 1904 in Croghan, County Offaly, had moved to Dublin to work as a waitress, while his father, born in the North Strand area of Dublin, worked as a warehouseman in Dublin Port. His family originally lived in a one-room apartment in Charleville Street. The family applied to be housed by Dublin Corporation but were denied, with an official saying "come back when you have six [children]". The incident left an impression on Gregory, and he would refer to it in interviews later in life. The family was able later to move to a house in Sackville Gardens, near the Royal Canal, using money they had saved. Gregory won a Dublin Corporation scholarship to the Christian Brothers’ O'Connell School. He later went on to University College Dublin (UCD), where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree and later a Higher Diploma in Education, funding his degree from summer work at the Wall's ice cream factory in Acton, London. Initially working at Synge Street CBS, Gregory later taught at Coláiste Eoin, an Irish-language secondary school in Booterstown, where he taught history and French. His students both at Synge Street and Coláiste Eoin included John Crown, Colm Mac Eochaidh, Aengus Ó Snodaigh and Liam Ó Maonlaí.

Paragraph 16: Hemingway went on safari to Africa in 1933 with his second wife Pauline and always intended to return. That visit inspired Hemingway's book Green Hills of Africa and his short story "The Snows of Kilimanjaro", well-known parts of the Hemingway canon. Two decades later in 1953, having finished writing The Old Man and the Sea, he planned a trip to Africa to visit his son Patrick who lived in Tanganyika. When Look magazine offered to send him to Africa, paying $15,000 for expenses, $10,000 for rights to a 3500 word piece about the trip, and Earl Theisen as official photographer to go with him, he quickly accepted.  Hemingway and Mary left Cuba in June, traveling first to Europe to make arrangements and leaving from Venice to Tanganyika a few months later. They arrived in August, and  Hemingway was thrilled to be deputized as an honorary ranger, writing in a letter, "due to emergency (Mau Mau rebellion) been acting game ranger".   Philip Percival, Hemingway's safari guide in 1933, joined the couple for the four-month expedition; they traveled from the banks of the Salengai, where Earl Theisen photographed Hemingway with a herd of elephants, to the Kimana Swamp, the Rift Valley and then on to visit Patrick in central Tanganyika. After visiting Patrick at his farm, they settled for two months on the north slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro. During this period Percival left their camp to return to his farm, leaving Hemingway as game warden with local scouts reporting to him. Hemingway was proud to be a game warden and believed a book would come of the experience.

Paragraph 17: Haddy became one of the first presenters of Play School, a show that has launched the career of many Australian soap stars. She appeared in numerous made-for-television movies in the 1960s, as well as taking guest roles in serials throughout the 1960s and early 1970s including Wandjina! (1966 Australian Television series), Dynasty (the 1970–71 Australian television series), and Punishment. From the late 1970s onwards her roles in TV soaps where more prominent, with her first major permanent role was in the series Prisoner, where she played Doreen Anderson's mother, who having abandoned Doreen as a youngster, returns to visit her revealing she has terminal cancer. In 1982 until 1985 she played housemaid Rosie Andrews (later Palmer) in Sons and Daughters, before in 1985 taking on her longest and most famous regular role, as series matriarch Helen Daniels, in Neighbours a role she would appear in for the 12 years, racking up 1,162 episodes. At the time of her exit she was the longest serving actor and the only actor who had been with the show since the very first episode.

Paragraph 18: Duncan's early life was steeped in West Texas music. He picked this up naturally as a boy listening to his mother play rhythm guitar in his uncle's country band. Later, he began sharpening his vocal skills, influenced by his early idols Eddy Arnold, Perry Como, Jim Reeves, and Frank Sinatra. He was born into a musical family. He was proud of his talented cousins, including Eddie Seals, Jimmy Seals of Seals & Crofts, and country singer Dan Seals. "He knew when he was 12 years old that playing music and singing songs was going to be his life", said his wife, Connie Duncan.

Paragraph 19: Uga was an important theatre in the Biafran War by hosting an airstrip alongside Uli and rising to prominent use after the major strip in Uli was destroyed. Biafra's two main airfields were at Enugu and Port Harcourt. Three other landing grounds existed at Calabar, Owerri and Ogoja, but with little (if any) landing facilities, such as landing aids, etc. The loss of Enugu, Biafra Capital on 4 October 1967 and two weeks later Calabar in the South East helped the Federal troops to control the Biafra-Cameroon border and seal off the Biafran coastal ports. The Biafran Pilots were forced to transfer international communications, including valuable arms flights to Port Harcourt which became Biafra's main outlet to the world until May 1968. It was the loss of Enugu that prompted the concept of establishing a series of secret airstrips in the Biafran hinterland and a team of Biafran engineers began to select the possible sites. So the effort concentrated upon the site, codenamed "Annabelle", just to the South of the village at Uli. By far the largest of the projected new airstrips, Uli became synonymous with the entire Biafran effort to survive. Next to the "Rising Sun" National insignia, it undoubtedly became the best known symbol of Biafra. The strip was converted from a stretch of the main Owerri to Ihiala road. Nevertheless, it was commented by one airlift pilot much later, "a nice wide road, but a damned narrow runway". For inbound flights Uli operated only between the hours of darkness officially from 17:00 to 05:00 UTC or GMT at the time. Landing was only permissible after the crew had transmitted the correct landing-code for the night. The coded phases changed regularly. Towards the end of January 1969 the Biafran Air Force introduced a new frequency shift system for the final approach and landing phase. With this new arrangement, pilots initially contact Biafra Air Control Center (ACC) using the normal code format. As soon the contact with an inbound aircraft was established and confirmed. then, depending on weather, enemy activity, traffic, ACC would then clear the aircraft to Uli tower in plain language to until touchdown. Ihiala is just off the road, along the approach to Uli had a Church with two tall spires, visible on approach to Uli. Landing planes passed just over it. Many aviators were buried there. By the end of war 35 airmen were buried there. Nigeria bulldozed the graves.

Paragraph 20: Phyllis Bramson (born 1941) is an American artist, based in Chicago and known for "richly ornamental, excessive and decadent" paintings<ref name="Wainwright">Wainwright, Lisa. "Phyllis Bramson," Women's Caucus for Art Honor Awards 2014, New York: Women's Caucus for Art, 2014.</ref> described as walking a tightrope between "edginess and eroticism." She combines eclectic influences, such as kitsch culture, Rococo art and Orientalism, in juxtapositions of fantastical figures, decorative patterns and objects, and pastoral landscapes that affirm the pleasures and follies of romantic desire, imagination and looking.Warren, Lynne. "Welcome to the Pleasure Dome," Phyllis Bramson, Under the Pleasure Dome: A Survey, Exhibition catalogue, Chicago: Chicago Cultural Center, 2016. p. 4. Retrieved May 15, 2018.Yood, James. "The Return of the Rococo," Exhibition catalogue, Kenosha, WI, H.F. Johnson Gallery of Art, Carthage College. 2013, p. 8–11. Bramson shares tendencies with the Chicago Imagists and broader Chicago tradition of surreal representation in her use of expressionist figuration, vernacular culture, bright color, and sexual imagery.Warren, Lynne. "Phyllis Bramson," Art in Chicago 1945-1995. Museum of Contemporary Art, ed. Lynne Warren, New York: Thames and Hudson, 1996, p. 245. Retrieved May 16, 2018. Curator Lynne Warren wrote of her 30-year retrospective at the Chicago Cultural Center, "Bramson passionately paints from her center, so uniquely shaped in her formative years […] her lovely colors, fluttery, vignette compositions, and flowery and cartoony imagery create works that are really like no one else's. Writer Miranda McClintic said that Bramson's works "incorporate the passionate complexity of eastern mythology, the sexual innuendos of soap operas and sometimes the happy endings of cartoons." Bramson's work has been exhibited in exhibitions and surveys at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago (MCA), the Art Institute of Chicago, the Smithsonian Institution, and Corcoran Gallery of Art. In more than forty one-person exhibitions, she has shown at the New Museum, Fort Wayne Museum of Art, Boulder Art Museum, University of West Virginia Museum, and numerous galleries.Baratta, Kate. "Artist of the Week: Phyllis Bramson," Chicago Woman, June 27, 2016. Retrieved May 17, 2018. She has been widely reviewedPincus, Robert L. "Putting themselves into the real picture," Los Angeles Times, Part V, Feb. 2, 1985, p. 3. and recognized with John S. Guggenheim and Rockefeller foundation grants and the Anonymous Was A Woman Award, among others. She was one of the founding members of the early women's art collaborative Artemisia Gallery and a long-time professor at the School of Art and Design at the University of Illinois at Chicago, until retiring in 2007.

Paragraph 21: The ECMDB's content may be explored or searched using a variety of database-specific tools. The text search box (located at the top of every ECMDB page) allows users to conduct a general text search of the database's textual data, including names, synonyms, numbers and identifiers. The ECMDB employs a software tool called "Elastic Search" that allows misspellings and fuzzy text matching. Using the text search, users may select either metabolites or proteins in the "search for" field using the pull-down box located on the right side of the text search box.  In this way it is possible to restrict the search to only return results for those items associated with E. coli metabolites or with E. coli proteins. The ECMB has 7 selectable tabs located at the top of every page including: 1) Home; 2) Browse; 3) Search; 4) About; 5) Help; 6) Downloads and 7) Contact Us.  The ECMDB's browser (accessed via the Browse tab) can be used to browse through the database and to re-sort its contents. Six different browse options are available: 1) Metabolite Browse (Fig. 1); 2) Protein Browse; 3) Reaction Browse (Fig. 2); 4) Pathway Browse (Fig. 3); 5) Class Browse; and 6) Concentration Browse. By selecting a specific Browse option the ECMDB's content can be displayed in a synoptic tabular format with the ECMDB identifiers, names and other data displayed in re-sortable tables.  Clicking on an ECMDB MetaboCard or ProteinCard button will bring up the full data content for the corresponding metabolite (Fig. 4) or the corresponding protein. The ECMDB also offers a number of Search options listed Under the Search link.  These include: 1) Chem Query; 2) Text Query; 3) Sequence Search; 4) Data Extractor; and 4 other MS or NMR spectral search tools. Chem Query option allows users to sketch or to type (via a SMILES string) a chemical compound and to search the ECMDB for metabolites similar or identical to the query compound. The Sequence Search can be used to perform BLAST (protein) sequence searches against all the protein sequences contained in ECMDB. Single and multiple sequence (i.e. whole proteome) BLAST queries are supported through this search tool.  It is also possible to perform detailed spectral searches of ECMDB's reference compound NMR and MS spectral data through the ECMDB's MS, MS/MS, GC/MS and NMR Spectra Search links. These tools are intended to support the identification and characterization of bacterial (mainly E. coli) metabolites using NMR spectroscopy, GC-MS spectrometry and LC-MS spectrometry.  The ECMDB also contains a large number of statistical tables, with detailed information about not only its content but also about E. coli, in general.  In particular, under the "About" tab, a section called "E. coli numbers and stats" contains hundreds of interesting factoids about E. coli and E. coli physiology. Many components of the ECMDB are fully downloadable, including most of textual data, chemical structures and sequence data.  These may be retrieved by clicking on the Download button, scrolling through the different files and selecting the appropriate hyperlinks.

Paragraph 22: The Boko Haram  is believed to be responsible for roughly 10,000 deaths since 2011 and roughly 2.6 million displaced Nigerians. Nigeria's economy suffered when attacks held by the Boko Haram began on local businesses, government buildings, and local facilities such as schools and churches. Local businesses began to migrate  to Southern region of Nigeria as a result of being attacked or due to fear of the Boko Haram. Roughly 80 percent of the businesses in Kano had to close down due to power failure and security challenges caused by attacks. In the capital city of Borno, Maiduguri, a major market known as Market Monday was drastically hit by the Boko Haram causing over 10,000 shops to shut down . Banks were said to be affected by the Boko Haram's violent attacks, and caused them to shorten their hours from eight to three hours to minimize the risk of getting hit by the Boko Haram; limiting citizens to their finances. Citizens and the government had to pay for the retribution of damages caused by the Boko Haram. This stalled the economy in the northeast region because businesses were leaving, people began to lose jobs, and there was less money going into the local economy.  Conflict impacts child health through multiple pathways. Foreign investors began to withdraw their money from Nigeria because of the state of conflict Nigeria is in and the degrading economy as a result of the Boko Haram; causing Nigeria to lose 1.33 trillion dollars in foreign investments. Nigerian refugees who were displaced or just seeking refuge from the Boko Haram migrated to neighboring countries such as Cameroon, Ghana, Niger, and Chad. Majority citizens migrated to the southern half of Nigeria where there are more opportunities for work, better economy, and more security. This further plays into the socioeconomic divide between the north and the south of Nigeria where the south is more financially stable from lack of conflict, government funding, and the oil industry in the Niger Delta.

Paragraph 23: The series is notable for borrowing extensively from East Asian art and mythology for its universe. Its creators employed cultural consultants Edwin Zane and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee to help determine its art direction and settings. Its character designs are influenced by Chinese art and history, Hinduism, Taoism and Buddhism, and Yoga. Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn created the series' music and sound design together in the early developmental stages and then went on to divide the tasks, Zuckerman taking on the musical responsibility and Wynn the sound design. They experimented with a wide range of instruments, including the guzheng, pipa, and duduk, to match the show's Asia-influenced setting. The art style of the fictitious locations used in the series are based on real locations in Asia. Sites such as the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China in Beijing were inspirations for the Earth Kingdom city of Ba Sing Se, and Water Tribe locations were based on Inuit and Sireniki cultures. According to writer Aaron Ehasz, early Fire Nation designs were based on Japanese culture. To avoid accidentally making broad statements, they redesigned many settings and peoples to be more "broadly inspired". For the final design, the creators went with a more Chinese style for the Fire Nation's clothing and architecture. For instance, the Fire Temple was based on the Yellow Crane Tower, as its flame-like architectural elements were a perfect motif for the Fire Nation architecture according to the creators.

Paragraph 24: Andrew Atkinson Humphreys was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a family with Quaker ancestry.  His grandfather, Joshua, was the "Father of the American Navy", who had served as chief naval constructor from 1794–1801 and designed the first U.S. warships, six frigates, the USS Constitution ("Old Ironsides") and her sister ships.  Andrew's father, Samuel designed and built the USS Pennsylvania, the largest and most heavily armed ship at the time.  Samuel, like his father, was a chief naval constructor from 1826–1846. Andrew graduated from Nazareth Hall (predecessor to the present-day Moravian College and Theological Seminary). Thereafter, he entered the United States Military Academy, more commonly known as West Point, at the age of seventeen.  He graduated from the Academy on July 1, 1831.  Upon graduation Humphreys joined the second artillery regiment at Fort Moultrie in South Carolina.  Near the beginning of the Seminole Wars he followed his regiment in the summer of 1836 to Florida where he received his first combat experience, while also falling ill, having to leave by September. J. Watts De Peyster, who rose to brevet major general for the New York Volunteer Army during the Civil War and later Civil War historian says:

Paragraph 25: Haddy became one of the first presenters of Play School, a show that has launched the career of many Australian soap stars. She appeared in numerous made-for-television movies in the 1960s, as well as taking guest roles in serials throughout the 1960s and early 1970s including Wandjina! (1966 Australian Television series), Dynasty (the 1970–71 Australian television series), and Punishment. From the late 1970s onwards her roles in TV soaps where more prominent, with her first major permanent role was in the series Prisoner, where she played Doreen Anderson's mother, who having abandoned Doreen as a youngster, returns to visit her revealing she has terminal cancer. In 1982 until 1985 she played housemaid Rosie Andrews (later Palmer) in Sons and Daughters, before in 1985 taking on her longest and most famous regular role, as series matriarch Helen Daniels, in Neighbours a role she would appear in for the 12 years, racking up 1,162 episodes. At the time of her exit she was the longest serving actor and the only actor who had been with the show since the very first episode.

Paragraph 26: On 18 December 2012, it was announced that the Welsh Government was interested in buying the airport from its current owners. In 2012, the Airport faced sustained criticism from the First Minister of Wales, Carwyn Jones. On 28 February 2012, Jones announced to the Welsh Assembly: "We would like to see many routes emerging from Cardiff Airport, but the Airport must get its act together... Last week, I went to the Airport and the main entrance was shut. People could not go in through the main entrance; they had to go through the side entrance. It is important that the Airport puts itself in a position where it is attractive to new airlines, and, unfortunately, that is not the case at present." His criticism led to accusations that he was "talking down" Cardiff Airport whilst aviation industry professionals commented that he was unqualified to make such comments. However, Jones returned to this theme on 7 March 2012 saying, "With the condition of the Airport at the moment I would not want to bring people in through Cardiff Airport because of the impression it would give of Wales...I have to say the time has come now for the owners of the Airport to decide to run the Airport properly or sell it."

Paragraph 27: The series is notable for borrowing extensively from East Asian art and mythology for its universe. Its creators employed cultural consultants Edwin Zane and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee to help determine its art direction and settings. Its character designs are influenced by Chinese art and history, Hinduism, Taoism and Buddhism, and Yoga. Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn created the series' music and sound design together in the early developmental stages and then went on to divide the tasks, Zuckerman taking on the musical responsibility and Wynn the sound design. They experimented with a wide range of instruments, including the guzheng, pipa, and duduk, to match the show's Asia-influenced setting. The art style of the fictitious locations used in the series are based on real locations in Asia. Sites such as the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China in Beijing were inspirations for the Earth Kingdom city of Ba Sing Se, and Water Tribe locations were based on Inuit and Sireniki cultures. According to writer Aaron Ehasz, early Fire Nation designs were based on Japanese culture. To avoid accidentally making broad statements, they redesigned many settings and peoples to be more "broadly inspired". For the final design, the creators went with a more Chinese style for the Fire Nation's clothing and architecture. For instance, the Fire Temple was based on the Yellow Crane Tower, as its flame-like architectural elements were a perfect motif for the Fire Nation architecture according to the creators.

Paragraph 28: Gregory was born in Ballybough on Dublin's Northside, the second child of Anthony Gregory and Ellen Gregory (née Judge). His mother, born in 1904 in Croghan, County Offaly, had moved to Dublin to work as a waitress, while his father, born in the North Strand area of Dublin, worked as a warehouseman in Dublin Port. His family originally lived in a one-room apartment in Charleville Street. The family applied to be housed by Dublin Corporation but were denied, with an official saying "come back when you have six [children]". The incident left an impression on Gregory, and he would refer to it in interviews later in life. The family was able later to move to a house in Sackville Gardens, near the Royal Canal, using money they had saved. Gregory won a Dublin Corporation scholarship to the Christian Brothers’ O'Connell School. He later went on to University College Dublin (UCD), where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree and later a Higher Diploma in Education, funding his degree from summer work at the Wall's ice cream factory in Acton, London. Initially working at Synge Street CBS, Gregory later taught at Coláiste Eoin, an Irish-language secondary school in Booterstown, where he taught history and French. His students both at Synge Street and Coláiste Eoin included John Crown, Colm Mac Eochaidh, Aengus Ó Snodaigh and Liam Ó Maonlaí.

Paragraph 29: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 30: Fulmars from Illustrious shot down an Italian aircraft shadowing Force A at 09:30. Valiant avoided torpedoes launched by two SM.79s approaching under the radar horizon at 12:30.  As the combat air patrol Fulmars dropped altitude to engage the SM.79s, Force A was attacked at 12:35 by 18 He 111s of KG 26 and 43 Ju 87s of StG 1 and StG 2 escorted by 10 Bf 110s of ZG 26.  Illustrious completed launching Fulmar and Swordfish patrol aircraft as the attack developed. Illustrious was the main target and was enveloped in waterspouts and mist of exploding bombs. Some bombers diving from an altitude of 12,000 feet delayed bomb release until they pulled-out lower than the height of Illustrious funnel. The five air patrol Fulmars had not returned from chasing the SM.79s which attacked Valiant and the four recently launched Fulmars were unable to gain altitude rapidly enough to break up the attack. The Fulmars claimed eight enemy aircraft during the bombing of Force A as they shuttled to Malta airfields to refuel and re-arm.  Warspite was lightly damaged by a bomb.  Illustrious was hit by five bombs, including one which failed to explode and a near miss disabled her rudder mechanism. A bomb striking a lowered elevator caused extensive hangar damage, with many casualties among aircraft maintenance personnel, nine Swordfish and five Fulmars destroyed. At 15:30 Illustrious headed for Malta steering with engines. The bombing attacks continued. Seven SM.79s were discouraged by heavy anti-aircraft fire but an attack by six Italian Ju 87s at 16:00 scored another bomb hit and two near misses. Fourteen German Ju 87s missed Valiant and Janus and a later attack by 14 He 111s was similarly ineffective. Illustrious reached Malta at 21:30 and would suffer 126 dead and 91 wounded by the time she departed from Malta.

Paragraph 31: The ECMDB's content may be explored or searched using a variety of database-specific tools. The text search box (located at the top of every ECMDB page) allows users to conduct a general text search of the database's textual data, including names, synonyms, numbers and identifiers. The ECMDB employs a software tool called "Elastic Search" that allows misspellings and fuzzy text matching. Using the text search, users may select either metabolites or proteins in the "search for" field using the pull-down box located on the right side of the text search box.  In this way it is possible to restrict the search to only return results for those items associated with E. coli metabolites or with E. coli proteins. The ECMB has 7 selectable tabs located at the top of every page including: 1) Home; 2) Browse; 3) Search; 4) About; 5) Help; 6) Downloads and 7) Contact Us.  The ECMDB's browser (accessed via the Browse tab) can be used to browse through the database and to re-sort its contents. Six different browse options are available: 1) Metabolite Browse (Fig. 1); 2) Protein Browse; 3) Reaction Browse (Fig. 2); 4) Pathway Browse (Fig. 3); 5) Class Browse; and 6) Concentration Browse. By selecting a specific Browse option the ECMDB's content can be displayed in a synoptic tabular format with the ECMDB identifiers, names and other data displayed in re-sortable tables.  Clicking on an ECMDB MetaboCard or ProteinCard button will bring up the full data content for the corresponding metabolite (Fig. 4) or the corresponding protein. The ECMDB also offers a number of Search options listed Under the Search link.  These include: 1) Chem Query; 2) Text Query; 3) Sequence Search; 4) Data Extractor; and 4 other MS or NMR spectral search tools. Chem Query option allows users to sketch or to type (via a SMILES string) a chemical compound and to search the ECMDB for metabolites similar or identical to the query compound. The Sequence Search can be used to perform BLAST (protein) sequence searches against all the protein sequences contained in ECMDB. Single and multiple sequence (i.e. whole proteome) BLAST queries are supported through this search tool.  It is also possible to perform detailed spectral searches of ECMDB's reference compound NMR and MS spectral data through the ECMDB's MS, MS/MS, GC/MS and NMR Spectra Search links. These tools are intended to support the identification and characterization of bacterial (mainly E. coli) metabolites using NMR spectroscopy, GC-MS spectrometry and LC-MS spectrometry.  The ECMDB also contains a large number of statistical tables, with detailed information about not only its content but also about E. coli, in general.  In particular, under the "About" tab, a section called "E. coli numbers and stats" contains hundreds of interesting factoids about E. coli and E. coli physiology. Many components of the ECMDB are fully downloadable, including most of textual data, chemical structures and sequence data.  These may be retrieved by clicking on the Download button, scrolling through the different files and selecting the appropriate hyperlinks.

Paragraph 32: In 1994, Goni(Original name Kim gon),a recent university graduate, has lost his entire savings, and money stolen from his family(his older sister), after being swindled by professional cheat gamblers(Park moo sik and Kwak Cheol Yong). In order to regain the money,from 1994 to 1995, Goni begins training in the art of trickery under one of the best gamblers in the country, Mr. Pyeong(also translated as Officer Pyeong.He is the top three gamblers along with Agwi of Jeolla province and JJakgwi(One ear) of Gyeongsang Province). He becomes well-known, wandering about different gambling places throughout the country with Pyeong. Madam Jeong, who runs an illegal gambling operation and plays the role of the architect of setting the plot in their gambling fraud schemes, begins to show interest in Goni.Over some philosophical differences in the art of gambling, Goni leaves Pyeong and begins working for Jeong, whom he also has a love tryst with. A ooncerned Pyeong, tries to discourage Goni to leave the gambling scene by cutting his finger, but while Goni tries to cut fingers, he accdidentally meets Agwi, who is known to kill his opponents after a gambling match with him. While in his usual gambling operations, Goni receives a call that Mr Pyeong was found dead with his wrist sliced off(initially implied to be a result of losing the match against Agwi, as Agwi murders his opponent.). An angry Goni,full of revenge, prepares to have a proper match with Agwi to beat him. While he was having another gambling match that  leads to the arrest of madam Jung, he meets another cardsharp Ko gwang ryol, who joins the dream team that would help Goni's match with Agwi.Goni meets JJakgwi who he learns the art of lying from. Goni also develops a relationship with Hwa ran, and delivers money to his family. Before he meets Agwi, he tries to beat Kwak cheol yong by beating at his own game, but is later caught, but goni averses the risk by murdering Kwak cheolyong's squad in an impromtu car accident.Meanwhile raccoon finds that Madam jeong is the reall killer of Mr pyeong, who ordered her bodyguard to kill for him.Ko gwang ryeol matches with Agwi and gets hurt. Goni finally gets a match with agwi, with madam jeong helping goni, and leads to Agwi losing the bet. However, as the game progresses it was revealed goni has suspected madam jeong making agwi and madam jeong lose all the things they have.After a fight in the train, goni mysteriously disappears.Goni hiding his previous life ends with involving in another form of gambling.

Paragraph 33: In 1994, Goni(Original name Kim gon),a recent university graduate, has lost his entire savings, and money stolen from his family(his older sister), after being swindled by professional cheat gamblers(Park moo sik and Kwak Cheol Yong). In order to regain the money,from 1994 to 1995, Goni begins training in the art of trickery under one of the best gamblers in the country, Mr. Pyeong(also translated as Officer Pyeong.He is the top three gamblers along with Agwi of Jeolla province and JJakgwi(One ear) of Gyeongsang Province). He becomes well-known, wandering about different gambling places throughout the country with Pyeong. Madam Jeong, who runs an illegal gambling operation and plays the role of the architect of setting the plot in their gambling fraud schemes, begins to show interest in Goni.Over some philosophical differences in the art of gambling, Goni leaves Pyeong and begins working for Jeong, whom he also has a love tryst with. A ooncerned Pyeong, tries to discourage Goni to leave the gambling scene by cutting his finger, but while Goni tries to cut fingers, he accdidentally meets Agwi, who is known to kill his opponents after a gambling match with him. While in his usual gambling operations, Goni receives a call that Mr Pyeong was found dead with his wrist sliced off(initially implied to be a result of losing the match against Agwi, as Agwi murders his opponent.). An angry Goni,full of revenge, prepares to have a proper match with Agwi to beat him. While he was having another gambling match that  leads to the arrest of madam Jung, he meets another cardsharp Ko gwang ryol, who joins the dream team that would help Goni's match with Agwi.Goni meets JJakgwi who he learns the art of lying from. Goni also develops a relationship with Hwa ran, and delivers money to his family. Before he meets Agwi, he tries to beat Kwak cheol yong by beating at his own game, but is later caught, but goni averses the risk by murdering Kwak cheolyong's squad in an impromtu car accident.Meanwhile raccoon finds that Madam jeong is the reall killer of Mr pyeong, who ordered her bodyguard to kill for him.Ko gwang ryeol matches with Agwi and gets hurt. Goni finally gets a match with agwi, with madam jeong helping goni, and leads to Agwi losing the bet. However, as the game progresses it was revealed goni has suspected madam jeong making agwi and madam jeong lose all the things they have.After a fight in the train, goni mysteriously disappears.Goni hiding his previous life ends with involving in another form of gambling.

Paragraph 34: Future College Football Hall of Fame inductee Warren B. Woodson took over as head coach in 1958. He previously had success at the Conway Teachers College (now Central Arkansas) and Hardin–Simmons. In his second season at New Mexico State, Woodson's team defeated North Texas in the 1959 Sun Bowl. The following year, Woodson guided the Aggies to an 11–0 finish, the only perfect season in school history. That year, New Mexico State defeated Utah State, 20–13, in the 1960 Sun Bowl and attained a final AP Poll ranking of 17th. Quarterback Charley Johnson won the bowl MVP honors both years becoming the first and still only player in NCAA history to win the MVP award from the same bowl game in back-to-back years. Johnson went on to play in the National Football League for 15 years with the St. Louis Cardinals, Houston Oilers and Denver Broncos. During his NFL career he managed to complete a Doctorate in Chemical Engineering making him one of only a handful of NFL player to earn a Ph.D. Dr. Johnson subsequently retired as a professor and department head of the Chemical Engineering school at NMSU. The Aggies continued to fare well under Woodson through the 1967 season. However at the end of that season, university administration, with whom Woodson had a contentious relationship throughout his career, invoked a clause requiring state employees to retire at age 65. Thus Woodson, who would turn 65 that offseason, was essentially forced out despite a 7–2–1 1967 campaign that ended with a 54–7 shellacking of archrival New Mexico. Despite some impressive single game wins and individual player stats, the Aggies have struggled as a team in the days since Woodson. Since his departure Aggie football has spiraled into an abyss of perennial futility that some Aggie fans have begun to refer to as the "Woodson Curse." In the 50+ seasons since Woodson's firing, NMSU has amassed just four winning seasons, while failing to appear in a single bowl game until the 2017 Arizona Bowl. From 1968 to 1985, NMSU's football program declined, failing to reach a single bowl game and struggling to win football games. The Aggies' best season during this time period was a 5–5–1 mark in 1971 under head coach Jim Wood. Jim Bradley, Gil Krueger and Fred Zechman also led the Aggies football program during these years and they failed to produce any winning seasons as they were fired as a result. In 1978, Krueger and the Aggies went 6-5 and won the Missouri Valley Conference.

Paragraph 35: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 36: Phyllis Bramson (born 1941) is an American artist, based in Chicago and known for "richly ornamental, excessive and decadent" paintings<ref name="Wainwright">Wainwright, Lisa. "Phyllis Bramson," Women's Caucus for Art Honor Awards 2014, New York: Women's Caucus for Art, 2014.</ref> described as walking a tightrope between "edginess and eroticism." She combines eclectic influences, such as kitsch culture, Rococo art and Orientalism, in juxtapositions of fantastical figures, decorative patterns and objects, and pastoral landscapes that affirm the pleasures and follies of romantic desire, imagination and looking.Warren, Lynne. "Welcome to the Pleasure Dome," Phyllis Bramson, Under the Pleasure Dome: A Survey, Exhibition catalogue, Chicago: Chicago Cultural Center, 2016. p. 4. Retrieved May 15, 2018.Yood, James. "The Return of the Rococo," Exhibition catalogue, Kenosha, WI, H.F. Johnson Gallery of Art, Carthage College. 2013, p. 8–11. Bramson shares tendencies with the Chicago Imagists and broader Chicago tradition of surreal representation in her use of expressionist figuration, vernacular culture, bright color, and sexual imagery.Warren, Lynne. "Phyllis Bramson," Art in Chicago 1945-1995. Museum of Contemporary Art, ed. Lynne Warren, New York: Thames and Hudson, 1996, p. 245. Retrieved May 16, 2018. Curator Lynne Warren wrote of her 30-year retrospective at the Chicago Cultural Center, "Bramson passionately paints from her center, so uniquely shaped in her formative years […] her lovely colors, fluttery, vignette compositions, and flowery and cartoony imagery create works that are really like no one else's. Writer Miranda McClintic said that Bramson's works "incorporate the passionate complexity of eastern mythology, the sexual innuendos of soap operas and sometimes the happy endings of cartoons." Bramson's work has been exhibited in exhibitions and surveys at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago (MCA), the Art Institute of Chicago, the Smithsonian Institution, and Corcoran Gallery of Art. In more than forty one-person exhibitions, she has shown at the New Museum, Fort Wayne Museum of Art, Boulder Art Museum, University of West Virginia Museum, and numerous galleries.Baratta, Kate. "Artist of the Week: Phyllis Bramson," Chicago Woman, June 27, 2016. Retrieved May 17, 2018. She has been widely reviewedPincus, Robert L. "Putting themselves into the real picture," Los Angeles Times, Part V, Feb. 2, 1985, p. 3. and recognized with John S. Guggenheim and Rockefeller foundation grants and the Anonymous Was A Woman Award, among others. She was one of the founding members of the early women's art collaborative Artemisia Gallery and a long-time professor at the School of Art and Design at the University of Illinois at Chicago, until retiring in 2007.

Paragraph 37: Hemingway went on safari to Africa in 1933 with his second wife Pauline and always intended to return. That visit inspired Hemingway's book Green Hills of Africa and his short story "The Snows of Kilimanjaro", well-known parts of the Hemingway canon. Two decades later in 1953, having finished writing The Old Man and the Sea, he planned a trip to Africa to visit his son Patrick who lived in Tanganyika. When Look magazine offered to send him to Africa, paying $15,000 for expenses, $10,000 for rights to a 3500 word piece about the trip, and Earl Theisen as official photographer to go with him, he quickly accepted.  Hemingway and Mary left Cuba in June, traveling first to Europe to make arrangements and leaving from Venice to Tanganyika a few months later. They arrived in August, and  Hemingway was thrilled to be deputized as an honorary ranger, writing in a letter, "due to emergency (Mau Mau rebellion) been acting game ranger".   Philip Percival, Hemingway's safari guide in 1933, joined the couple for the four-month expedition; they traveled from the banks of the Salengai, where Earl Theisen photographed Hemingway with a herd of elephants, to the Kimana Swamp, the Rift Valley and then on to visit Patrick in central Tanganyika. After visiting Patrick at his farm, they settled for two months on the north slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro. During this period Percival left their camp to return to his farm, leaving Hemingway as game warden with local scouts reporting to him. Hemingway was proud to be a game warden and believed a book would come of the experience.

Paragraph 38: On 18 December 2012, it was announced that the Welsh Government was interested in buying the airport from its current owners. In 2012, the Airport faced sustained criticism from the First Minister of Wales, Carwyn Jones. On 28 February 2012, Jones announced to the Welsh Assembly: "We would like to see many routes emerging from Cardiff Airport, but the Airport must get its act together... Last week, I went to the Airport and the main entrance was shut. People could not go in through the main entrance; they had to go through the side entrance. It is important that the Airport puts itself in a position where it is attractive to new airlines, and, unfortunately, that is not the case at present." His criticism led to accusations that he was "talking down" Cardiff Airport whilst aviation industry professionals commented that he was unqualified to make such comments. However, Jones returned to this theme on 7 March 2012 saying, "With the condition of the Airport at the moment I would not want to bring people in through Cardiff Airport because of the impression it would give of Wales...I have to say the time has come now for the owners of the Airport to decide to run the Airport properly or sell it."

Paragraph 39: Haddy became one of the first presenters of Play School, a show that has launched the career of many Australian soap stars. She appeared in numerous made-for-television movies in the 1960s, as well as taking guest roles in serials throughout the 1960s and early 1970s including Wandjina! (1966 Australian Television series), Dynasty (the 1970–71 Australian television series), and Punishment. From the late 1970s onwards her roles in TV soaps where more prominent, with her first major permanent role was in the series Prisoner, where she played Doreen Anderson's mother, who having abandoned Doreen as a youngster, returns to visit her revealing she has terminal cancer. In 1982 until 1985 she played housemaid Rosie Andrews (later Palmer) in Sons and Daughters, before in 1985 taking on her longest and most famous regular role, as series matriarch Helen Daniels, in Neighbours a role she would appear in for the 12 years, racking up 1,162 episodes. At the time of her exit she was the longest serving actor and the only actor who had been with the show since the very first episode.

Paragraph 40: Haddy became one of the first presenters of Play School, a show that has launched the career of many Australian soap stars. She appeared in numerous made-for-television movies in the 1960s, as well as taking guest roles in serials throughout the 1960s and early 1970s including Wandjina! (1966 Australian Television series), Dynasty (the 1970–71 Australian television series), and Punishment. From the late 1970s onwards her roles in TV soaps where more prominent, with her first major permanent role was in the series Prisoner, where she played Doreen Anderson's mother, who having abandoned Doreen as a youngster, returns to visit her revealing she has terminal cancer. In 1982 until 1985 she played housemaid Rosie Andrews (later Palmer) in Sons and Daughters, before in 1985 taking on her longest and most famous regular role, as series matriarch Helen Daniels, in Neighbours a role she would appear in for the 12 years, racking up 1,162 episodes. At the time of her exit she was the longest serving actor and the only actor who had been with the show since the very first episode.

Paragraph 41: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 42: There is no precise definition of "great house", and the understanding of varies between countries. In England, while most villages would have a manor house since time immemorial, originally home of the lord of the manor and sometimes referred to as "the big house", not all would have anything as lavish as a traditional English country house, one of the traditional markers of an established "county" family that derived at least a part of its income from landed property. Stately homes, even rarer and more expensive, were associated with the peerage, not the gentry. Many mansions were demolished in the 20th century; families that had previously split their time between their country house and their town house found the maintenance of both too expensive. Many properties are now open to the public as historic house museums, either run by their ancestral owners on a commercial basis, or having been given to English Heritage or similar organisations. Others operate as hotels and wedding venues. Some still serve as the family seat.

Paragraph 43: Hemingway went on safari to Africa in 1933 with his second wife Pauline and always intended to return. That visit inspired Hemingway's book Green Hills of Africa and his short story "The Snows of Kilimanjaro", well-known parts of the Hemingway canon. Two decades later in 1953, having finished writing The Old Man and the Sea, he planned a trip to Africa to visit his son Patrick who lived in Tanganyika. When Look magazine offered to send him to Africa, paying $15,000 for expenses, $10,000 for rights to a 3500 word piece about the trip, and Earl Theisen as official photographer to go with him, he quickly accepted.  Hemingway and Mary left Cuba in June, traveling first to Europe to make arrangements and leaving from Venice to Tanganyika a few months later. They arrived in August, and  Hemingway was thrilled to be deputized as an honorary ranger, writing in a letter, "due to emergency (Mau Mau rebellion) been acting game ranger".   Philip Percival, Hemingway's safari guide in 1933, joined the couple for the four-month expedition; they traveled from the banks of the Salengai, where Earl Theisen photographed Hemingway with a herd of elephants, to the Kimana Swamp, the Rift Valley and then on to visit Patrick in central Tanganyika. After visiting Patrick at his farm, they settled for two months on the north slopes of Mount Kilimanjaro. During this period Percival left their camp to return to his farm, leaving Hemingway as game warden with local scouts reporting to him. Hemingway was proud to be a game warden and believed a book would come of the experience.

Paragraph 44: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 45: The Boko Haram  is believed to be responsible for roughly 10,000 deaths since 2011 and roughly 2.6 million displaced Nigerians. Nigeria's economy suffered when attacks held by the Boko Haram began on local businesses, government buildings, and local facilities such as schools and churches. Local businesses began to migrate  to Southern region of Nigeria as a result of being attacked or due to fear of the Boko Haram. Roughly 80 percent of the businesses in Kano had to close down due to power failure and security challenges caused by attacks. In the capital city of Borno, Maiduguri, a major market known as Market Monday was drastically hit by the Boko Haram causing over 10,000 shops to shut down . Banks were said to be affected by the Boko Haram's violent attacks, and caused them to shorten their hours from eight to three hours to minimize the risk of getting hit by the Boko Haram; limiting citizens to their finances. Citizens and the government had to pay for the retribution of damages caused by the Boko Haram. This stalled the economy in the northeast region because businesses were leaving, people began to lose jobs, and there was less money going into the local economy.  Conflict impacts child health through multiple pathways. Foreign investors began to withdraw their money from Nigeria because of the state of conflict Nigeria is in and the degrading economy as a result of the Boko Haram; causing Nigeria to lose 1.33 trillion dollars in foreign investments. Nigerian refugees who were displaced or just seeking refuge from the Boko Haram migrated to neighboring countries such as Cameroon, Ghana, Niger, and Chad. Majority citizens migrated to the southern half of Nigeria where there are more opportunities for work, better economy, and more security. This further plays into the socioeconomic divide between the north and the south of Nigeria where the south is more financially stable from lack of conflict, government funding, and the oil industry in the Niger Delta.

Paragraph 46: Perast also had free trade with the Republic of Venice and was granted the forgiveness of the Venetian authorities in the ruthless fight against pirates on the Adriatic. Because of this, the city grew and was enriched: only in the 18th century. For centuries, 20 palaces were built in Baroque style, 17 Catholic and two Orthodox churches. And since one of the best maritime schools was housed here, Peter I was sent here from Russia by promising sailors for training with extraordinary captain Marko Martinovic. When Napoleon defeated the Republic of Venice in 1797, Perast was faithful to Venice for several months, but in the end the city had to lower the flag of St. Mark. From that moment began the decline of Perast: along with the whole area of the Bay of Kotor, it was left to the Austrians and Italians, and then the French, and then again under the rule of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was in its composition to defeat in the First World War. In 1918, the city became part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenians, and in 1941 it became part of the Italian province of Cattaro (Kotor). It was only in 1944 that the city gained independence in Yugoslavia and became one of the administrative areas of the Montenegrin Republic. Since 2006, the city has finally become part of an independent Montenegro.

Paragraph 47: Nathan Brackett of Rolling Stone gave the album three stars out of five, writing, "If the Slim Shady and Marshall Mathers albums were slapstick trips into one man's psychosis - like the Marx Brothers starring in Taxi Driver - then Devil's Night is Friday the 13th by the Farrelly brothers [...] with results varying from silly to just dumb", though he felt that the album's redeeming qualities lied in the album's production and Eminem's lyricism, writing, "Devil's Nights high points are some of the most accomplished hip-hop we'll hear this year." Jason Birchmeier of AllMusic wrote, "Besides the remarkable production, Eminem also showcases his songwriting genius on several of the song's hooks, bringing a catchy pop-rap approach to hardcore lyrics." Q Magazine also awarded the album three stars out of five, describing it as "a slightly tweaked re-run of The Marshall Mathers LP, with a couple of stonking singles." NME gave Devil's Night a 7 out of 10, stating that it is "Eminem's most misogynistic, homophobic, violent and anally fixated trip to date. Like all his work it's offensive, defensive and, somehow, still quite charming." The Source gave the record three and half out of five mics. As many of the magazine's editors were feuding with D12 at the time of the review, namely Benzino, the rating is usually considered biased.

Paragraph 48: The series is notable for borrowing extensively from East Asian art and mythology for its universe. Its creators employed cultural consultants Edwin Zane and calligrapher Siu-Leung Lee to help determine its art direction and settings. Its character designs are influenced by Chinese art and history, Hinduism, Taoism and Buddhism, and Yoga. Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn created the series' music and sound design together in the early developmental stages and then went on to divide the tasks, Zuckerman taking on the musical responsibility and Wynn the sound design. They experimented with a wide range of instruments, including the guzheng, pipa, and duduk, to match the show's Asia-influenced setting. The art style of the fictitious locations used in the series are based on real locations in Asia. Sites such as the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China in Beijing were inspirations for the Earth Kingdom city of Ba Sing Se, and Water Tribe locations were based on Inuit and Sireniki cultures. According to writer Aaron Ehasz, early Fire Nation designs were based on Japanese culture. To avoid accidentally making broad statements, they redesigned many settings and peoples to be more "broadly inspired". For the final design, the creators went with a more Chinese style for the Fire Nation's clothing and architecture. For instance, the Fire Temple was based on the Yellow Crane Tower, as its flame-like architectural elements were a perfect motif for the Fire Nation architecture according to the creators.