Paragraph 1: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 2: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 3: Mr. Gilbert, who is inevitably a humorist, has, one must own, put a great deal of truth and humanity into his Pygmalion and Galatea.  The play is, from one side, harshly and aggressively disagreeable. Its characters are low, vulgar, and selfish. Pygmalion – an antique poetic conception – is reduced here to snobbishness and priggishness. His sister, his wife, his kinsmen, and his friends are insufferable. But, though insufferable, they are not especially untruthful. Those who try to portray life are brought to the sad work of picturing absurd, weak and sordid personalities. Men, as we know them, are not ideals. They are rather caricatures of ideals. Mr. Gilbert, who has bright satiric force, does not hesitate to put his sting into them – and his purpose is admirably praiseworthy. In several of his plays he is laboured and fantastic; in Pygmalion and Galatea, it seems to us, he presents the pathos of idealism in a very effective manner, contrasting it grimly and cynically with frank reality. Galatea is the spirit of sweet, ingenuous, aspiring womanhood; she is ushered into a world of bitterness, jealousy, vulgarity; she loves her maker, who is a narrow-hearted and fatuous sculptor; she meets those who prove to her that life is a thing of sorrow. At the end, forlorn and broken in soul, she returns to her pedestal, utters her melancholy farewell to the world, and becomes again a statue. The satire in a play like this is, of course, rather darkly drawn. The contrast between the innocent Galatea and the selfish Pygmalion is painful, mournful. But is the contrast, is the satire, under-true?  There is nothing so beautiful, so bewildering, as the potency of life. It is astonishing, a posteriori, that life is as small, as unsatisfactory, as it is.  Pygmalion and Galatea has, in consequence, a depth which it may not appear to have at first sight. It is a trifle on the surface – a jest aimed at our dull human affairs. But the plot has a barbed point.

Paragraph 4: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 5: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 6: During Jackson's Valley Campaign of 1862, Garnett's military career took a downward turn at the First Battle of Kernstown in March. Jackson marched his army  to intercept a portion of the Union Army under Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks. On March 23, Jackson's cavalry commander, Col. Turner Ashby, brought faulty intelligence that the retreating Union division of Brig. Gen. James Shields had four regiments in the rear outside Winchester, Virginia. Since that force was of comparable size to Jackson's, he ordered Garnett and the Stonewall Brigade to attack. Unfortunately, Shields had a full infantry division on hand, almost 9,000 men, twice the size of Jackson's force. The attack went badly and Garnett, finding his brigade low on ammunition and surrounded by forces attacking from three sides, ordered a retreat. Jackson was infuriated and accused Garnett of disobeying orders, since he did not have Jackson's permission to retreat. Jackson, well known as a strict disciplinarian, arrested Garnett for "neglect of duty" on April 1 and relieved him of command. Garnett's court-martial started in August 1862, with only Jackson and his aide giving testimony. However the trial was suspended due to the start of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Northern Virginia Campaign and the Second Battle of Bull Run that August.

Paragraph 7: Chrysostom: "Yet not even by these words were the disciples set right, but speak yet to Him as to man; They answered unto Him, We have here but five loaves and two fishes. From this we learn the philosophy of the disciples, how far they despised food; they were twelve in number, yet they had but five loaves and two fishes; for things of the body were contemned by them, they were altogether possessed by spiritual things. But because the disciples were yet attracted to earth, the Lord begins to introduce the things that were of Himself; He saith unto them, Bring them hither to me. Wherefore does He not create out of nothing the bread to feed the multitude with? That He might put to silence the mouth of Marcion and Manichæus, who take away from God His creatures,  and by His deeds might teach that all things that are seen are His works and creation, and that it is He that has given us the fruits of the earth, who said in the beginning, Let the earth bring forth the green herb; (Gen. 1:11.) for this is no less a deed than that. For of five loaves to make so many loaves, and fishes in like manner, is no less a thing than to bring fruits from the earth, reptiles and other living things from the waters; which showed Him to be Lord both of land and sea. By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake. Why did He look to heaven and bless? For it should be believed concerning Him that He is from the Father, and that He is equal with the Father. His equality He shows when He does all things with power. That He is from the Father He shows by referring to Him whatsoever He does, and calling upon Him on all occasions. To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father. And at the same time He teaches us not to touch our food, until we have returned thanks to Him who gives it us. For this reason also He looks up to heaven, because His disciples had examples of many other miracles, but none of this."

Paragraph 8: The rest was short, however, and the 104th and 105th brigades returned to the line on the night of 5-6 October on the Gheluwe-Dadizeele road some  east-south-east of Ypres. The stay was short and on 7 October the brigades were once more taken out of the line, and replaced by the 106th brigade. On 11 October the positions were reversed, with the 104th and 105th brigades back in the line and the 106th brigade in reserve for the next attack to advance to a south-east facing line south of Moorseele and Gulleghem between  (left) and  (right) from the start line. The artillery, strengthened by the 119th Army Field Artillery Brigade, initially some  behind the start line, was to advance by battery to maintain a continuous barrage, the 36th (Ulster) Division was on the left and the 41st Division on the right. Attacking on a two battalion from on 14 October, (left to right) 17th L.F. and 15th Cheshires, the other battalions were to pass through after , this occurred at around 07:15, the advance of the four battalions was hampered by fog and strong resistance by the Germans, who fired their artillery over open sights at the advancing infantry (15th Sherwood Foresters) or having an open flank (19th D.L.I.). The attack continued the next day, and by evening a patrol from the 4th North Staffords had reached the river Lys at Lauwe. The division had advanced nearly  and among the material captured were 12 150mm howitzers, 19 105mm howitzers and 12 77mm guns. The next day the 106th brigade closed up to the Lys as close as practicable () over the flat, open ground of river banks, in a line circling Bisseghem to a point on the river bank between Welveghem and Marcke. On 17 October the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I conducted raids across the Lys into Marcke, using a single plank bridge constructed by the 204th Field Company on the remains of the Bissegham-Marcke road bridge. After receiving orders to capture Marcke on 18 October, the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I. re-crossed the Lys by the plank bridge and at 22:00, under a rolling barrage secured the western exits of Marcke by 23:30. The 104th brigade, attacking on a three battalion front in the early hours of 19 October, and reached the Walle-Rolleghem road ( southeast from the Lys by 07:00, later the Courtai (Kortrijk) - Coyghem (Kooigem) road was reached, the divisions objective a further  south-eastward. The 19th D.L.I. entered Courtai (Kortrijk) to an ovation from the inhabitants.

Paragraph 9: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 10: Chrysostom: "Yet not even by these words were the disciples set right, but speak yet to Him as to man; They answered unto Him, We have here but five loaves and two fishes. From this we learn the philosophy of the disciples, how far they despised food; they were twelve in number, yet they had but five loaves and two fishes; for things of the body were contemned by them, they were altogether possessed by spiritual things. But because the disciples were yet attracted to earth, the Lord begins to introduce the things that were of Himself; He saith unto them, Bring them hither to me. Wherefore does He not create out of nothing the bread to feed the multitude with? That He might put to silence the mouth of Marcion and Manichæus, who take away from God His creatures,  and by His deeds might teach that all things that are seen are His works and creation, and that it is He that has given us the fruits of the earth, who said in the beginning, Let the earth bring forth the green herb; (Gen. 1:11.) for this is no less a deed than that. For of five loaves to make so many loaves, and fishes in like manner, is no less a thing than to bring fruits from the earth, reptiles and other living things from the waters; which showed Him to be Lord both of land and sea. By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake. Why did He look to heaven and bless? For it should be believed concerning Him that He is from the Father, and that He is equal with the Father. His equality He shows when He does all things with power. That He is from the Father He shows by referring to Him whatsoever He does, and calling upon Him on all occasions. To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father. And at the same time He teaches us not to touch our food, until we have returned thanks to Him who gives it us. For this reason also He looks up to heaven, because His disciples had examples of many other miracles, but none of this."

Paragraph 11: The rest was short, however, and the 104th and 105th brigades returned to the line on the night of 5-6 October on the Gheluwe-Dadizeele road some  east-south-east of Ypres. The stay was short and on 7 October the brigades were once more taken out of the line, and replaced by the 106th brigade. On 11 October the positions were reversed, with the 104th and 105th brigades back in the line and the 106th brigade in reserve for the next attack to advance to a south-east facing line south of Moorseele and Gulleghem between  (left) and  (right) from the start line. The artillery, strengthened by the 119th Army Field Artillery Brigade, initially some  behind the start line, was to advance by battery to maintain a continuous barrage, the 36th (Ulster) Division was on the left and the 41st Division on the right. Attacking on a two battalion from on 14 October, (left to right) 17th L.F. and 15th Cheshires, the other battalions were to pass through after , this occurred at around 07:15, the advance of the four battalions was hampered by fog and strong resistance by the Germans, who fired their artillery over open sights at the advancing infantry (15th Sherwood Foresters) or having an open flank (19th D.L.I.). The attack continued the next day, and by evening a patrol from the 4th North Staffords had reached the river Lys at Lauwe. The division had advanced nearly  and among the material captured were 12 150mm howitzers, 19 105mm howitzers and 12 77mm guns. The next day the 106th brigade closed up to the Lys as close as practicable () over the flat, open ground of river banks, in a line circling Bisseghem to a point on the river bank between Welveghem and Marcke. On 17 October the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I conducted raids across the Lys into Marcke, using a single plank bridge constructed by the 204th Field Company on the remains of the Bissegham-Marcke road bridge. After receiving orders to capture Marcke on 18 October, the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I. re-crossed the Lys by the plank bridge and at 22:00, under a rolling barrage secured the western exits of Marcke by 23:30. The 104th brigade, attacking on a three battalion front in the early hours of 19 October, and reached the Walle-Rolleghem road ( southeast from the Lys by 07:00, later the Courtai (Kortrijk) - Coyghem (Kooigem) road was reached, the divisions objective a further  south-eastward. The 19th D.L.I. entered Courtai (Kortrijk) to an ovation from the inhabitants.

Paragraph 12: During Jackson's Valley Campaign of 1862, Garnett's military career took a downward turn at the First Battle of Kernstown in March. Jackson marched his army  to intercept a portion of the Union Army under Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks. On March 23, Jackson's cavalry commander, Col. Turner Ashby, brought faulty intelligence that the retreating Union division of Brig. Gen. James Shields had four regiments in the rear outside Winchester, Virginia. Since that force was of comparable size to Jackson's, he ordered Garnett and the Stonewall Brigade to attack. Unfortunately, Shields had a full infantry division on hand, almost 9,000 men, twice the size of Jackson's force. The attack went badly and Garnett, finding his brigade low on ammunition and surrounded by forces attacking from three sides, ordered a retreat. Jackson was infuriated and accused Garnett of disobeying orders, since he did not have Jackson's permission to retreat. Jackson, well known as a strict disciplinarian, arrested Garnett for "neglect of duty" on April 1 and relieved him of command. Garnett's court-martial started in August 1862, with only Jackson and his aide giving testimony. However the trial was suspended due to the start of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Northern Virginia Campaign and the Second Battle of Bull Run that August.

Paragraph 13: Chrysostom: "Yet not even by these words were the disciples set right, but speak yet to Him as to man; They answered unto Him, We have here but five loaves and two fishes. From this we learn the philosophy of the disciples, how far they despised food; they were twelve in number, yet they had but five loaves and two fishes; for things of the body were contemned by them, they were altogether possessed by spiritual things. But because the disciples were yet attracted to earth, the Lord begins to introduce the things that were of Himself; He saith unto them, Bring them hither to me. Wherefore does He not create out of nothing the bread to feed the multitude with? That He might put to silence the mouth of Marcion and Manichæus, who take away from God His creatures,  and by His deeds might teach that all things that are seen are His works and creation, and that it is He that has given us the fruits of the earth, who said in the beginning, Let the earth bring forth the green herb; (Gen. 1:11.) for this is no less a deed than that. For of five loaves to make so many loaves, and fishes in like manner, is no less a thing than to bring fruits from the earth, reptiles and other living things from the waters; which showed Him to be Lord both of land and sea. By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake. Why did He look to heaven and bless? For it should be believed concerning Him that He is from the Father, and that He is equal with the Father. His equality He shows when He does all things with power. That He is from the Father He shows by referring to Him whatsoever He does, and calling upon Him on all occasions. To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father. And at the same time He teaches us not to touch our food, until we have returned thanks to Him who gives it us. For this reason also He looks up to heaven, because His disciples had examples of many other miracles, but none of this."

Paragraph 14: During Jackson's Valley Campaign of 1862, Garnett's military career took a downward turn at the First Battle of Kernstown in March. Jackson marched his army  to intercept a portion of the Union Army under Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks. On March 23, Jackson's cavalry commander, Col. Turner Ashby, brought faulty intelligence that the retreating Union division of Brig. Gen. James Shields had four regiments in the rear outside Winchester, Virginia. Since that force was of comparable size to Jackson's, he ordered Garnett and the Stonewall Brigade to attack. Unfortunately, Shields had a full infantry division on hand, almost 9,000 men, twice the size of Jackson's force. The attack went badly and Garnett, finding his brigade low on ammunition and surrounded by forces attacking from three sides, ordered a retreat. Jackson was infuriated and accused Garnett of disobeying orders, since he did not have Jackson's permission to retreat. Jackson, well known as a strict disciplinarian, arrested Garnett for "neglect of duty" on April 1 and relieved him of command. Garnett's court-martial started in August 1862, with only Jackson and his aide giving testimony. However the trial was suspended due to the start of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Northern Virginia Campaign and the Second Battle of Bull Run that August.

Paragraph 15: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 16: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 17: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 18: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 19: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 20: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 21: To test the notion that attention plays a vital role in visual perception, Treisman and Schmidt (1982) designed an experiment to show that features may exist independently of one another early in processing. Participants were shown a picture involving four objects hidden by two black numbers. The display was flashed for one-fifth of a second followed by a random-dot masking field that appeared on screen to eliminate "any residual perception that might remain after the stimuli were turned off". Participants were to report the black numbers they saw at each location where the shapes had previously been. The results of this experiment verified Treisman and Schmidt's hypothesis. In 18% of trials, participants reported seeing shapes "made up of a combination of features from two different stimuli", even when the stimuli had great differences; this is often referred to as an illusory conjunction. Specifically, illusory conjunctions occur in various situations. For example, you may identify a passing person wearing a red shirt and yellow hat and very quickly transform him or her into one wearing a yellow shirt and red hat. The feature integration theory provides explanation for illusory conjunctions; because features exist independently of one another during early processing and are not associated with a specific object, they can easily be incorrectly combined both in laboratory settings, as well as in real life situations.

Paragraph 22: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 23: A serial killer named Martin Mad Dog Hawkins was created in Who's Who: The Definitive Directory of the DC Universe #1 and featured in Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth. Batman reads about him in Amadeus Arkham's diaries. Hawkins comes from a wealthy, prominent family, and from a young age is beaten and sexually abused by his father. He grows up to become a serial killer who rapes, mutilates and murders women and young girls, removing their faces and sexual organs post-mortem; he also engages in self-harm "just to feel something". He claims to see visions of the Virgin Mary, who tells him to "stop the dirty sluts from spreading their disease". When he is finally caught, he is institutionalized in the State Psychiatric Hospital in Metropolis, treated by psychiatrist Amadeus Arkham. When Arkham goes back to Gotham City and opens Arkham Asylum, he goes back home to find that Hawkins had broken into his house and raped,murdered his wife and daughter. Hawkins is quickly captured again and sentenced to Arkham Asylum, becoming one of its first patients, once again under Amadeus Arkham's care. During their sessions, Hawkins takes great pleasure in describing the murders of Arkham's family in minute detail, even calling Arkham's daughter a whore. Arkham appears to take this all in his stride, and perseveres, earning praise from his colleagues for his dedication to mental health and rehabilitation. On the anniversary of the murder, Arkham announces that he will perform experimental electroshock therapy upon Hawkins, under the pretense of trying to cure him. Once Hawkins is strapped down to the operating table, Arkham turns up the voltage as high as it will go, inflicting as much pain upon Hawkins as possible before he finally dies. Hawkins' death is treated as an accident. It marks the beginning of Arkham's own descent into madness, however; Arkham is eventually institutionalized in his own hospital.

Paragraph 24: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 25: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 26: Mr. Gilbert, who is inevitably a humorist, has, one must own, put a great deal of truth and humanity into his Pygmalion and Galatea.  The play is, from one side, harshly and aggressively disagreeable. Its characters are low, vulgar, and selfish. Pygmalion – an antique poetic conception – is reduced here to snobbishness and priggishness. His sister, his wife, his kinsmen, and his friends are insufferable. But, though insufferable, they are not especially untruthful. Those who try to portray life are brought to the sad work of picturing absurd, weak and sordid personalities. Men, as we know them, are not ideals. They are rather caricatures of ideals. Mr. Gilbert, who has bright satiric force, does not hesitate to put his sting into them – and his purpose is admirably praiseworthy. In several of his plays he is laboured and fantastic; in Pygmalion and Galatea, it seems to us, he presents the pathos of idealism in a very effective manner, contrasting it grimly and cynically with frank reality. Galatea is the spirit of sweet, ingenuous, aspiring womanhood; she is ushered into a world of bitterness, jealousy, vulgarity; she loves her maker, who is a narrow-hearted and fatuous sculptor; she meets those who prove to her that life is a thing of sorrow. At the end, forlorn and broken in soul, she returns to her pedestal, utters her melancholy farewell to the world, and becomes again a statue. The satire in a play like this is, of course, rather darkly drawn. The contrast between the innocent Galatea and the selfish Pygmalion is painful, mournful. But is the contrast, is the satire, under-true?  There is nothing so beautiful, so bewildering, as the potency of life. It is astonishing, a posteriori, that life is as small, as unsatisfactory, as it is.  Pygmalion and Galatea has, in consequence, a depth which it may not appear to have at first sight. It is a trifle on the surface – a jest aimed at our dull human affairs. But the plot has a barbed point.

Paragraph 27: To test the notion that attention plays a vital role in visual perception, Treisman and Schmidt (1982) designed an experiment to show that features may exist independently of one another early in processing. Participants were shown a picture involving four objects hidden by two black numbers. The display was flashed for one-fifth of a second followed by a random-dot masking field that appeared on screen to eliminate "any residual perception that might remain after the stimuli were turned off". Participants were to report the black numbers they saw at each location where the shapes had previously been. The results of this experiment verified Treisman and Schmidt's hypothesis. In 18% of trials, participants reported seeing shapes "made up of a combination of features from two different stimuli", even when the stimuli had great differences; this is often referred to as an illusory conjunction. Specifically, illusory conjunctions occur in various situations. For example, you may identify a passing person wearing a red shirt and yellow hat and very quickly transform him or her into one wearing a yellow shirt and red hat. The feature integration theory provides explanation for illusory conjunctions; because features exist independently of one another during early processing and are not associated with a specific object, they can easily be incorrectly combined both in laboratory settings, as well as in real life situations.

Paragraph 28: The game is a science fantasy comedy set in the fictional country of Aquitania, which bears a strong resemblance to early-to-middle 20th century Britain. The central characters in the story are the Guardians, immortal guardian angel-like beings who look after and help people. The Guardians - members of ARSE, the Association of Registered Stochastic Executives - are described as liking to wear herringbone overcoats and eat cheese sandwiches. Centuries ago the country was threatened by the rising dark power of the wicked Green Witches until the good magician Turani created a magical object, called the Bracelet, which holds luck and distributes it throughout Aquitania to limit and keep in check the witches' magic, banning the dangerous parts of the witchcraft and rendering them relatively harmless. However, the new high witch Jannedor has enough of the restraints. She has obtained and disassembled the Bracelet, stripped it of its five magical charms and hid them in various places (the bracelet itself is worn by Jannedor), waiting for its powers to be weakened enough it could be destroyed so she would fulfill her schemes of jinx and conquest. If the charms of Turani are not reunited soon with the legendary Bracelet of Turani then luck could completely run out and the witches will regain all of their old magic and the country will again fall under their influence.

Paragraph 29: Chrysostom: "Yet not even by these words were the disciples set right, but speak yet to Him as to man; They answered unto Him, We have here but five loaves and two fishes. From this we learn the philosophy of the disciples, how far they despised food; they were twelve in number, yet they had but five loaves and two fishes; for things of the body were contemned by them, they were altogether possessed by spiritual things. But because the disciples were yet attracted to earth, the Lord begins to introduce the things that were of Himself; He saith unto them, Bring them hither to me. Wherefore does He not create out of nothing the bread to feed the multitude with? That He might put to silence the mouth of Marcion and Manichæus, who take away from God His creatures,  and by His deeds might teach that all things that are seen are His works and creation, and that it is He that has given us the fruits of the earth, who said in the beginning, Let the earth bring forth the green herb; (Gen. 1:11.) for this is no less a deed than that. For of five loaves to make so many loaves, and fishes in like manner, is no less a thing than to bring fruits from the earth, reptiles and other living things from the waters; which showed Him to be Lord both of land and sea. By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake. Why did He look to heaven and bless? For it should be believed concerning Him that He is from the Father, and that He is equal with the Father. His equality He shows when He does all things with power. That He is from the Father He shows by referring to Him whatsoever He does, and calling upon Him on all occasions. To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father. And at the same time He teaches us not to touch our food, until we have returned thanks to Him who gives it us. For this reason also He looks up to heaven, because His disciples had examples of many other miracles, but none of this."

Paragraph 30: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 31: The rest was short, however, and the 104th and 105th brigades returned to the line on the night of 5-6 October on the Gheluwe-Dadizeele road some  east-south-east of Ypres. The stay was short and on 7 October the brigades were once more taken out of the line, and replaced by the 106th brigade. On 11 October the positions were reversed, with the 104th and 105th brigades back in the line and the 106th brigade in reserve for the next attack to advance to a south-east facing line south of Moorseele and Gulleghem between  (left) and  (right) from the start line. The artillery, strengthened by the 119th Army Field Artillery Brigade, initially some  behind the start line, was to advance by battery to maintain a continuous barrage, the 36th (Ulster) Division was on the left and the 41st Division on the right. Attacking on a two battalion from on 14 October, (left to right) 17th L.F. and 15th Cheshires, the other battalions were to pass through after , this occurred at around 07:15, the advance of the four battalions was hampered by fog and strong resistance by the Germans, who fired their artillery over open sights at the advancing infantry (15th Sherwood Foresters) or having an open flank (19th D.L.I.). The attack continued the next day, and by evening a patrol from the 4th North Staffords had reached the river Lys at Lauwe. The division had advanced nearly  and among the material captured were 12 150mm howitzers, 19 105mm howitzers and 12 77mm guns. The next day the 106th brigade closed up to the Lys as close as practicable () over the flat, open ground of river banks, in a line circling Bisseghem to a point on the river bank between Welveghem and Marcke. On 17 October the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I conducted raids across the Lys into Marcke, using a single plank bridge constructed by the 204th Field Company on the remains of the Bissegham-Marcke road bridge. After receiving orders to capture Marcke on 18 October, the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I. re-crossed the Lys by the plank bridge and at 22:00, under a rolling barrage secured the western exits of Marcke by 23:30. The 104th brigade, attacking on a three battalion front in the early hours of 19 October, and reached the Walle-Rolleghem road ( southeast from the Lys by 07:00, later the Courtai (Kortrijk) - Coyghem (Kooigem) road was reached, the divisions objective a further  south-eastward. The 19th D.L.I. entered Courtai (Kortrijk) to an ovation from the inhabitants.

Paragraph 32: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 33: Mr. Gilbert, who is inevitably a humorist, has, one must own, put a great deal of truth and humanity into his Pygmalion and Galatea.  The play is, from one side, harshly and aggressively disagreeable. Its characters are low, vulgar, and selfish. Pygmalion – an antique poetic conception – is reduced here to snobbishness and priggishness. His sister, his wife, his kinsmen, and his friends are insufferable. But, though insufferable, they are not especially untruthful. Those who try to portray life are brought to the sad work of picturing absurd, weak and sordid personalities. Men, as we know them, are not ideals. They are rather caricatures of ideals. Mr. Gilbert, who has bright satiric force, does not hesitate to put his sting into them – and his purpose is admirably praiseworthy. In several of his plays he is laboured and fantastic; in Pygmalion and Galatea, it seems to us, he presents the pathos of idealism in a very effective manner, contrasting it grimly and cynically with frank reality. Galatea is the spirit of sweet, ingenuous, aspiring womanhood; she is ushered into a world of bitterness, jealousy, vulgarity; she loves her maker, who is a narrow-hearted and fatuous sculptor; she meets those who prove to her that life is a thing of sorrow. At the end, forlorn and broken in soul, she returns to her pedestal, utters her melancholy farewell to the world, and becomes again a statue. The satire in a play like this is, of course, rather darkly drawn. The contrast between the innocent Galatea and the selfish Pygmalion is painful, mournful. But is the contrast, is the satire, under-true?  There is nothing so beautiful, so bewildering, as the potency of life. It is astonishing, a posteriori, that life is as small, as unsatisfactory, as it is.  Pygmalion and Galatea has, in consequence, a depth which it may not appear to have at first sight. It is a trifle on the surface – a jest aimed at our dull human affairs. But the plot has a barbed point.

Paragraph 34: Chrysostom: "Yet not even by these words were the disciples set right, but speak yet to Him as to man; They answered unto Him, We have here but five loaves and two fishes. From this we learn the philosophy of the disciples, how far they despised food; they were twelve in number, yet they had but five loaves and two fishes; for things of the body were contemned by them, they were altogether possessed by spiritual things. But because the disciples were yet attracted to earth, the Lord begins to introduce the things that were of Himself; He saith unto them, Bring them hither to me. Wherefore does He not create out of nothing the bread to feed the multitude with? That He might put to silence the mouth of Marcion and Manichæus, who take away from God His creatures,  and by His deeds might teach that all things that are seen are His works and creation, and that it is He that has given us the fruits of the earth, who said in the beginning, Let the earth bring forth the green herb; (Gen. 1:11.) for this is no less a deed than that. For of five loaves to make so many loaves, and fishes in like manner, is no less a thing than to bring fruits from the earth, reptiles and other living things from the waters; which showed Him to be Lord both of land and sea. By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake. Why did He look to heaven and bless? For it should be believed concerning Him that He is from the Father, and that He is equal with the Father. His equality He shows when He does all things with power. That He is from the Father He shows by referring to Him whatsoever He does, and calling upon Him on all occasions. To prove these two things therefore, He works His miracles at times with power, at other times with prayer. It should be considered also that in lesser things He looks to heaven, but in greater He does all with power. When He forgave sins, raised the dead, stilled the sea, opened the secrets of the heart, opened the eyes of him that was born blind, which were works only of God, He is not seen to pray; but when He multiplies the loaves, a work less than any of these, He looks up to heaven, that you may learn that even in little things He has no power but from His Father. And at the same time He teaches us not to touch our food, until we have returned thanks to Him who gives it us. For this reason also He looks up to heaven, because His disciples had examples of many other miracles, but none of this."

Paragraph 35: The rest was short, however, and the 104th and 105th brigades returned to the line on the night of 5-6 October on the Gheluwe-Dadizeele road some  east-south-east of Ypres. The stay was short and on 7 October the brigades were once more taken out of the line, and replaced by the 106th brigade. On 11 October the positions were reversed, with the 104th and 105th brigades back in the line and the 106th brigade in reserve for the next attack to advance to a south-east facing line south of Moorseele and Gulleghem between  (left) and  (right) from the start line. The artillery, strengthened by the 119th Army Field Artillery Brigade, initially some  behind the start line, was to advance by battery to maintain a continuous barrage, the 36th (Ulster) Division was on the left and the 41st Division on the right. Attacking on a two battalion from on 14 October, (left to right) 17th L.F. and 15th Cheshires, the other battalions were to pass through after , this occurred at around 07:15, the advance of the four battalions was hampered by fog and strong resistance by the Germans, who fired their artillery over open sights at the advancing infantry (15th Sherwood Foresters) or having an open flank (19th D.L.I.). The attack continued the next day, and by evening a patrol from the 4th North Staffords had reached the river Lys at Lauwe. The division had advanced nearly  and among the material captured were 12 150mm howitzers, 19 105mm howitzers and 12 77mm guns. The next day the 106th brigade closed up to the Lys as close as practicable () over the flat, open ground of river banks, in a line circling Bisseghem to a point on the river bank between Welveghem and Marcke. On 17 October the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I conducted raids across the Lys into Marcke, using a single plank bridge constructed by the 204th Field Company on the remains of the Bissegham-Marcke road bridge. After receiving orders to capture Marcke on 18 October, the 17th Royal Scots and 18th H.L.I. re-crossed the Lys by the plank bridge and at 22:00, under a rolling barrage secured the western exits of Marcke by 23:30. The 104th brigade, attacking on a three battalion front in the early hours of 19 October, and reached the Walle-Rolleghem road ( southeast from the Lys by 07:00, later the Courtai (Kortrijk) - Coyghem (Kooigem) road was reached, the divisions objective a further  south-eastward. The 19th D.L.I. entered Courtai (Kortrijk) to an ovation from the inhabitants.

Paragraph 36: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 37: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."

Paragraph 38: To test the notion that attention plays a vital role in visual perception, Treisman and Schmidt (1982) designed an experiment to show that features may exist independently of one another early in processing. Participants were shown a picture involving four objects hidden by two black numbers. The display was flashed for one-fifth of a second followed by a random-dot masking field that appeared on screen to eliminate "any residual perception that might remain after the stimuli were turned off". Participants were to report the black numbers they saw at each location where the shapes had previously been. The results of this experiment verified Treisman and Schmidt's hypothesis. In 18% of trials, participants reported seeing shapes "made up of a combination of features from two different stimuli", even when the stimuli had great differences; this is often referred to as an illusory conjunction. Specifically, illusory conjunctions occur in various situations. For example, you may identify a passing person wearing a red shirt and yellow hat and very quickly transform him or her into one wearing a yellow shirt and red hat. The feature integration theory provides explanation for illusory conjunctions; because features exist independently of one another during early processing and are not associated with a specific object, they can easily be incorrectly combined both in laboratory settings, as well as in real life situations.

Paragraph 39: During Jackson's Valley Campaign of 1862, Garnett's military career took a downward turn at the First Battle of Kernstown in March. Jackson marched his army  to intercept a portion of the Union Army under Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks. On March 23, Jackson's cavalry commander, Col. Turner Ashby, brought faulty intelligence that the retreating Union division of Brig. Gen. James Shields had four regiments in the rear outside Winchester, Virginia. Since that force was of comparable size to Jackson's, he ordered Garnett and the Stonewall Brigade to attack. Unfortunately, Shields had a full infantry division on hand, almost 9,000 men, twice the size of Jackson's force. The attack went badly and Garnett, finding his brigade low on ammunition and surrounded by forces attacking from three sides, ordered a retreat. Jackson was infuriated and accused Garnett of disobeying orders, since he did not have Jackson's permission to retreat. Jackson, well known as a strict disciplinarian, arrested Garnett for "neglect of duty" on April 1 and relieved him of command. Garnett's court-martial started in August 1862, with only Jackson and his aide giving testimony. However the trial was suspended due to the start of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Northern Virginia Campaign and the Second Battle of Bull Run that August.

Paragraph 40: The game is a science fantasy comedy set in the fictional country of Aquitania, which bears a strong resemblance to early-to-middle 20th century Britain. The central characters in the story are the Guardians, immortal guardian angel-like beings who look after and help people. The Guardians - members of ARSE, the Association of Registered Stochastic Executives - are described as liking to wear herringbone overcoats and eat cheese sandwiches. Centuries ago the country was threatened by the rising dark power of the wicked Green Witches until the good magician Turani created a magical object, called the Bracelet, which holds luck and distributes it throughout Aquitania to limit and keep in check the witches' magic, banning the dangerous parts of the witchcraft and rendering them relatively harmless. However, the new high witch Jannedor has enough of the restraints. She has obtained and disassembled the Bracelet, stripped it of its five magical charms and hid them in various places (the bracelet itself is worn by Jannedor), waiting for its powers to be weakened enough it could be destroyed so she would fulfill her schemes of jinx and conquest. If the charms of Turani are not reunited soon with the legendary Bracelet of Turani then luck could completely run out and the witches will regain all of their old magic and the country will again fall under their influence.

Paragraph 41: To test the notion that attention plays a vital role in visual perception, Treisman and Schmidt (1982) designed an experiment to show that features may exist independently of one another early in processing. Participants were shown a picture involving four objects hidden by two black numbers. The display was flashed for one-fifth of a second followed by a random-dot masking field that appeared on screen to eliminate "any residual perception that might remain after the stimuli were turned off". Participants were to report the black numbers they saw at each location where the shapes had previously been. The results of this experiment verified Treisman and Schmidt's hypothesis. In 18% of trials, participants reported seeing shapes "made up of a combination of features from two different stimuli", even when the stimuli had great differences; this is often referred to as an illusory conjunction. Specifically, illusory conjunctions occur in various situations. For example, you may identify a passing person wearing a red shirt and yellow hat and very quickly transform him or her into one wearing a yellow shirt and red hat. The feature integration theory provides explanation for illusory conjunctions; because features exist independently of one another during early processing and are not associated with a specific object, they can easily be incorrectly combined both in laboratory settings, as well as in real life situations.

Paragraph 42: Some of the more expensive software requires the user to send personal information to the software vendor before receiving the activation code.  The activation code is usually a large sequence of numbers and letters, and encodes information including the license serial number, information to ensure the code is valid, and also includes the ability to verify the personal information the user sent to the software vendor.  In this way, the user's name or business name must be entered along with the registration code.  The registration code will not be accepted by the software unless the user types in the business name exactly as submitted to the software vendor.  The business name is usually displayed by the software on its opening banner whenever the software is used.  If the customer gives away his activation code it will be useless without his business name, and anyone that uses the activation code must enter it in during the activation process, leaving the original buyer's business name on the banner of the software.  This makes it very easy to "trace the traitor" and find any customers who originally gave out their activation codes.  Since giving away the registration code is a violation of the license agreement, the software vendor may invalidate the user's serial number (disabling that user's software in the process) and may take legal action.  This does raise privacy concerns in some areas.

Paragraph 43: Nikita Khrushchev was removed from his position as the leader of the Soviet Union, when the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union voted to retire him from his position as the Party's General Secretary, and the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet voted to accept his "voluntary" retirement as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.  In a continuation of the Central Committee meeting that started the day before, one speaker after another outlined Khrushchev's mistakes, with Mikhail Suslov, Dmitry Polyansky, Alexander Shelepin, Leonid Brezhnev and Petr Shelest denouncing him.  Among the offenses charged against Khrushchev were that he had tried to develop a cult of personality; that he had presided over the nation's economic decline; that he had brought the Soviet Union to the brink of war in the Suez, in Berlin and in Cuba; and that he had insulted his colleagues and the nation's foreign allies.  The Committee unanimously approved a resolution that "Recognizing that as a result of mistakes and incorrect actions by Comrade Khrushchev, violating Leninist principles of collective leadership... there has been created a completely abnormal situation, preventing members of the Central Committee Presidium from fulfilling responsible tasks in leading the party and the country", and went on to admonish him for "concentrating in his hands great power" (as both party leader and government leader) and failing to consider the views of the senior party leaders, as well as "revealing intolerance and rudeness towards comrades in the Presidium and the Central Committee, treating their views with disdain".  Khrushchev resigned his positions, and the Party voted to grant him benefits for the rest of his life, including a security staff, his GAZ-13 Chaika limousine and chauffeur, an apartment in Moscow and a dacha to stay at in the countryside, as well as a pension of 500 rubles per month.  Resolving to keep the roles of party and governmental leadership separate, the Central Committee then installed Leonid Brezhnev as the new Communist Party leader and Alexei Kosygin became the new Premier.  The news of Khrushchev's surprise ouster was not revealed to Soviet citizens or to the rest of the world until October 16, with a statement in Pravda that said "A plenum of the Central Committee of the CPSU took place on 14 October of this year.  The plenum of the CC CPSU granted the request of Comrade N. S. Khrushchev to be released from his duties as First Secretary of the CC CPSU, member of the Presidium of the CC CPSU and Chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, in connection with his advanced age and the deterioration of his health.  The plenum of the CC CPSU elected L. I. Brezhnev as First Secretary of the CC CPSU."