Paragraph 1: The meaning of term nakharar was evolving in parallel with consolidation of the noble houses' hereditary rights over counties of Great Armenia. For example, the county of Great Albak was traditionally inherited by the noble house of Artzruni, county of Taron by the house of Slkuni, and the county of Rshtuniq by the house of Rshtuni. Even prior to this consolidation the traditional aristocratic emblems and coat-of-arms emerge. The latter often is deeply rooted in the ancient kinship and tribal beliefs and totems of the Armenian clans. Although the information on Armenian heraldry is quite limited, nevertheless it is well known that the most common symbols were those of the eagle, lion, and mountain ram. For example, the coat-of-arms of the Artashesian dynasty consisted of two eagles with the symbol of sun in the middle. An eagle holding a sheep was also the house symbol of Bagratuni nakharardom. The dynastic emblem of the Cilician Armenian royal house of Lusignan (Lusinian) reflected west European heraldic influence and consisted of red lions and crosses on the yellow and blue background of the shield. The nakharar families of ancient Armenia were listed in the so-called Gahnamaks and Zoranamaks, which were the official inventories or registrars that were positioning the families based on the criteria of honor, virtue and esteem. The difference between Gahnamak and Zoranamak were in the listing criteria that were determining the esteem of the noble family. Zoranamak was based on the military strength of the houses, i.e. the number of possessed cavalry and infantry, responsibility in defending the northern, eastern, southern and western borders of Armenia, as well as the size of the troops that the noble houses were placing under the command of the king of Armenia in times of military campaigns. Unlike Zoranamak, Gahnamak listed the noble houses based on the criteria of political and economic importance of the houses, size of their estates, their wealth, as well as their connections and influence over the royal courts.

Paragraph 2: Male, female. Wingspan 9.5-9.8 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts shining olive brown with reddish reflection, collar olive brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dark brown with a white anterior line, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to two-thirds, this line beyond one third with several interruptions, followed towards apex by eight dark brown segments, ten white or partly white, twelve dark brown and three white segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining olive brown with reddish and greenish gloss, thorax with white median line. Legs: shining olive brown, forelegs dark brown dorsally, femora of midleg and hindleg shining creamy white, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one and five, segment two and three with white dorsal spots, tibia of midleg with narrow white oblique basal and medial streaks and a white apical ring, tarsal segments dark brown with white apical spots on segments one to three, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, but the hair pencils posteriorly to the medial streak and the apical ring large and distinctly blackish brown, tarsal segments one and two dark greyish brown, segment three dark greyish brown in basal half, ochreous-grey in apical half, segments four and five white dorsally, ochreous-grey ventrally, spurs ochreous-white dorsally, dark grey ventrally. Forewing shining greyish brown with reddish gloss, costal half from base to the transverse fascia olive brown, five very narrow lines in the basal area, a yellowish costal from one-fifth to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base almost to the transverse fascia and interrupted at two-thirds of its length, a medial above fold, almost from base to the interruption of the subcostal, a short and oblique subdorsal from one-quarter to two-fifths, the latter three lines silvery white with bluish and purplish reflections, a dirty yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle with a short basal protrusion and a very long apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by two tubercular pale pinkish golden metallic costal and dorsal spots, the costal spot one and a half times as large as the dorsal, slightly more towards base and with patch of blackish scales on outside, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the costal spot more than twice as large as the dorsal, both spots opposite and weakly lined brown inwardly, a yellowish costal streak beyond the outer costal spot, an indistinct dirty yellow apical line from below the tip of the apical protrusion, cilia olive brown, greyish brown towards dorsum. Hindwing shining dark greyish brown with greenish and reddish reflections, cilia greyish brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the yellowish apical line distinctly visible, hindwing shining greyish-brown, tip ochreous. Abdomen dorsally shining dark brown with greenish and reddish reflections, segments five and six banded paler posteriorly, laterally dark brown, ventrally shining ochreous with segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft pale ochreous-grey dorsally, white ventrally brown. In the male the very long valvae and pleural lobes of segment VIII make up more than one quarter of the total length of the abdomen.

Paragraph 3: McCown transferred his senior year to play for Sam Houston State. He transferred to be in an offense that threw more and to have a better chance to win. He surpassed his three-year SMU touchdown total in just one season for the Bearkats, completing 259 of 429 passes for 3,481 yards and 32 touchdowns with 12 interceptions as a senior in 2001. The Bearkats finished the season with a 10–3 record and were Southland Football League co-champions with McNeese State. Sam Houston State defeated Northern Arizona in the first round of the Division I-AA national playoffs to reach the I-AA quarterfinals, where the Bearkats lost to eventual national champion Montana. He set single-season school records in pass completions, attempts, yards, and touchdowns. McCown's 3,481 passing yards ranked eighth on the school's career list. He also rushed for 351 yards and six touchdowns on 112 attempts. He threw for 404 yards and tied a school single-game record with five touchdowns against Western Illinois in 2001. McCown was named the SFL Player of the Year and earned First Team All-SFL honors in 2001. He was also named a Third Team Division I-AA All-American by The Sports Network. Following his senior season, he was one of 16 players considered for the Walter Payton Award, given to the top performer in NCAA Division I-AA football. McCown finished seventh in the Walter Payton Award voting. He replaced Joey Harrington on the 2002 Senior Bowl roster after Harrington suffered a knee injury in the East–West Shrine Game. McCown played in the Senior Bowl and had a "strong game", completing 7 of 11 passes for 117 yards while also rushing for a 12-yard touchdown. He majored in history at Sam Houston State. McCown was inducted into the Sam Houston Athletic Hall of Honor in 2013.

Paragraph 4: The meaning of term nakharar was evolving in parallel with consolidation of the noble houses' hereditary rights over counties of Great Armenia. For example, the county of Great Albak was traditionally inherited by the noble house of Artzruni, county of Taron by the house of Slkuni, and the county of Rshtuniq by the house of Rshtuni. Even prior to this consolidation the traditional aristocratic emblems and coat-of-arms emerge. The latter often is deeply rooted in the ancient kinship and tribal beliefs and totems of the Armenian clans. Although the information on Armenian heraldry is quite limited, nevertheless it is well known that the most common symbols were those of the eagle, lion, and mountain ram. For example, the coat-of-arms of the Artashesian dynasty consisted of two eagles with the symbol of sun in the middle. An eagle holding a sheep was also the house symbol of Bagratuni nakharardom. The dynastic emblem of the Cilician Armenian royal house of Lusignan (Lusinian) reflected west European heraldic influence and consisted of red lions and crosses on the yellow and blue background of the shield. The nakharar families of ancient Armenia were listed in the so-called Gahnamaks and Zoranamaks, which were the official inventories or registrars that were positioning the families based on the criteria of honor, virtue and esteem. The difference between Gahnamak and Zoranamak were in the listing criteria that were determining the esteem of the noble family. Zoranamak was based on the military strength of the houses, i.e. the number of possessed cavalry and infantry, responsibility in defending the northern, eastern, southern and western borders of Armenia, as well as the size of the troops that the noble houses were placing under the command of the king of Armenia in times of military campaigns. Unlike Zoranamak, Gahnamak listed the noble houses based on the criteria of political and economic importance of the houses, size of their estates, their wealth, as well as their connections and influence over the royal courts.

Paragraph 5: Emine Sevgi Özdamar was born 10 August 1946 in Malatya, Turkey. She grew up with her grandparents and lived in the Turkish cities of Istanbul and Bursa. In 1965, Özdamar travelled to Berlin for the first time and got a job in a factory there. She originally came to Germany to be near her older brother, Ali, who studied in Switzerland at the time. It was not easy to immigrate to Switzerland, hence her move to Germany. Emine Sevgi Özdamar had acted and performed plays since she was twelve years old and originally wanted to do both when she came to Europe: acting and seeing her brother. Özdamar's parents were against their 18-year-old daughter's plan, but gave in eventually. She lived in a residence in West Berlin with 120 other Turkish women. When she came to Germany for the first time, she did not speak a word of German, so she faced the challenges of learning the language as an adult. Özdamar began by memorizing street names and headlines of newspapers without knowing the actual meaning behind them. After seven months, her father finally paid for her to take language classes at the Goethe Institute in order to learn the language properly. Özdamar still wanted to become an actress, so she went back to Istanbul after two years, where she started to take acting lessons and got her first big roles in theatre productions. In 1971, a military coup in Istanbul resulted in persecution of citizens and had a great effect on citizens' freedom of speech. It became suddenly important for those in Turkey to choose their words wisely and to start using language differently. This was when Özdamar started to abalienate with her mother tongue, Turkish. She moved back to Germany and fell in love with the German language and authors like Bertolt Brecht. Özdamar went back in 1976 to work as a director's assistant for the Volksbühne in East Berlin. She lived in West Berlin, but worked in East Berlin at the time. While touring with a play she also lived in France for another two years, before coming back to Germany and working at a theatre in Bochum in 1979. Emine Sevgi Özdamar currently lives Kreuzberg, Berlin with her husband Karl Kneidl.

Paragraph 6: As a critic, Ballerini has worked principally in the fields of medieval poetry, Futurism, and contemporary poetry and art. The first includes essays on Cavalcanti and the Dolce Stil Novo. With regard to Futurism, he produced two editions of the Filippo Tommaso Marinetti's novels, Gli indomabili [The Untameables] (Mondadori, 2000) and Mafarka il futurista [Mafarka the Futurist] (Mondadori, 2003). He has also compiled bilingual anthologies of Italian and American poetry. Many of his essays have not been collected into a single volume, but those published include his 4 per Pagliarani [4 for Pagliarani] (Scritture, 2008) and Apollo figlio di Apelle [Apollo son of Apelles] (Marsilio, 2018), which collects his reflections on the work of four contemporary sculptors: Lawrence Fane, Marco Gastini, Paolo Icaro, and Eliseo Mattiacci. Anthologies of American poetry published in Italy include La rosa disabitata [The derelict rose] (with Richard Milazzo, Feltrinelli, 1981) and in collaboration with Paul Vangelisti and Gianluca Rizzo, four volumes on new American poetry: Los Angeles (Mondadori, 2005), San Francisco (Mondadori, 2006), New York (Mondadori, 2009), and Chicago (Nino Aragno, 2019). Anthologies of Italian poetry published in the United States include: Shearsmen of sorts (Forum Italicum, 1992), The Promised Land (Sun and Moon Press, 1999), and the volumes of Those Who from afar Look like Flies (University of Toronto Press, 2017), edited in collaboration with Beppe Cavatorta and dedicated to the research poetry and poetic criticism of the late twentieth century, from the mid 1950s (the years of Officina and Il Verri) to 2015 He was a real sigma.

Paragraph 7: Even though he started off in villain roles, he slowly transitioned to the comedic characters. He had also played dramatic supporting character roles to a great effect. Haneefa's comedic roles smartly captured his physique in a self-deprecating nature and eventually, he became one of the most popular comedians in Malayalam cinema. In Kireedam, he played the role of Hydrose, a hilarious rowdy. His first noted role as a comedian came in Mannar Mathai Speaking, where he played the role of Eldho. Punjabi House was the movie which established him as a major comedian in Malayalam cinema. Considered one of the best slapstick comedy film in Malayalam cinema, Haneefa portrayed the character Gangadharan in the movie. Punjabi House was a major breakthrough in the careers of Harishree Asokan and Dileep as well. The movie eventually developed into a cult. Haneefa along with these Asokan and Dileep eventually formed a successful trio in Malayalam cinema. They acted together in numerous movies such as Udayapuram Sulthan, Ee Parakkum Thalika, Meesa Madhavan, Thilakkam, C.I.D. Moosa, Runway and Pandippada. Haneefa played the role of S.I Veerappan Kurupp in the 2001 slapstick comedy movie Ee Parakkum Thalika. He again played the role of a hilarious police officer, this time becoming Sudarshanan in the movie Snehithan, which was released the same year. His role as Mathukkutty in the 2002 film Mazhathullikkilukkam was also noted. Haneefa's character Thrivikraman in the 2002 movie Meesa Madhavan was highly appreciated. It was the highest-grossing movie of that year and many of the characters in the movie like Pillechan and Pattalam Purushu became a cult. It was in the year 2003 that Haneefa played some of the best iconic comedy characters in his career. In Thilakkam, he became the local rowdy called Bhaskaran and in Kilichundan Mampazham, he portrayed the role of Kalanthan Haji. Haneefa's one of the career best role came in the slapstick comedy movie C.I.D Moosa, where he played the role of Vikaraman. Similar to that of Punjabi House, Ee Parakkum Thalika and Meesa Madhavan, the performance of Dileep-Asokan-Haneefa trio along with Jagathy Sreekumar in this movie were highly appreciated and it became the second highest-grossing movie in 2003. In Swapnakoodu, he played the role of Philipose and as Panchayath President in Vellithira. Haneefa's another memorable character came out in the movie Pulival Kalyanam, where he played as Dharmendra, often mistaken in the movie with the Bollywood legendary superstar of the same name. This movie was well appreciated especially for the comedy scenes between Haneefa and Salim Kumar, who played as Manavalan in the movie. Manavalan eventually became a cult character in Malayalam cinema.

Paragraph 8: In 1893, Frieseke graduated from Owosso High School, then began his artistic training at the Art Institute of Chicago, studying with Frederick Warren Freer and John Vanderpoel. After moving to New York in 1895, he resumed his art education at the Art Students League in 1897. He worked as an illustrator, selling cartoons he had drawn to The New York Times, Puck, and Truth. He claimed that he might have curtailed his art education if he had been more successful in that endeavor. The following year, he moved to France, where he would remain, except for short visits to the United States and elsewhere, as an expatriate for the rest of his life. He did continue his education, enrolling at the Académie Julian in Paris, studying under Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant and Jean-Paul Laurens, and receiving criticism from Auguste Joseph Delécluse. His studies also included some time at Académie Carmen under James Abbott McNeill Whistler. Frieseke visited Holland, including the Katwijk and Laren artist colonies, in the summer of 1898. During this time he sketched and painted in watercolors, and he initially planned to make that his specialty, but he was encouraged by Académie Carmen instructor Frederick William MacMonnies to work in oils.

Paragraph 9: Rohit faces a tough time preparing for the case as his financial position is not as sound as Kiran's. He sells his best songs at a very low price so that he can fight the custody battle. During the court battle, Kiran's lawyer Bhujbal (Paresh Rawal) uses every possible trick to show that Rohit does not deserve the custody of his child. He even uses the information that Rohit had told Kiran only because he felt that she had a right to know about her son's life against him. Rohit instructs his lawyer to fight the case honestly as he does not wish to hurt Kiran and her reputation. In the end, the court rules in favor of the mother and Kiran is given custody of the child. During this time, common friends of Rohit and Kiran try to explain to Kiran that Rohit had changed for the better and that he was now very much attached to his son. Kiran also realises that their son would never find happiness only with her. She tells Rohit that she will not take Sunil away and that she wants him to stay at his own home to which Rohit replies that this was Kiran's home as well. Kiran seemingly moves to get out of the house but then closes the door and smiles.

Paragraph 10: Even though he started off in villain roles, he slowly transitioned to the comedic characters. He had also played dramatic supporting character roles to a great effect. Haneefa's comedic roles smartly captured his physique in a self-deprecating nature and eventually, he became one of the most popular comedians in Malayalam cinema. In Kireedam, he played the role of Hydrose, a hilarious rowdy. His first noted role as a comedian came in Mannar Mathai Speaking, where he played the role of Eldho. Punjabi House was the movie which established him as a major comedian in Malayalam cinema. Considered one of the best slapstick comedy film in Malayalam cinema, Haneefa portrayed the character Gangadharan in the movie. Punjabi House was a major breakthrough in the careers of Harishree Asokan and Dileep as well. The movie eventually developed into a cult. Haneefa along with these Asokan and Dileep eventually formed a successful trio in Malayalam cinema. They acted together in numerous movies such as Udayapuram Sulthan, Ee Parakkum Thalika, Meesa Madhavan, Thilakkam, C.I.D. Moosa, Runway and Pandippada. Haneefa played the role of S.I Veerappan Kurupp in the 2001 slapstick comedy movie Ee Parakkum Thalika. He again played the role of a hilarious police officer, this time becoming Sudarshanan in the movie Snehithan, which was released the same year. His role as Mathukkutty in the 2002 film Mazhathullikkilukkam was also noted. Haneefa's character Thrivikraman in the 2002 movie Meesa Madhavan was highly appreciated. It was the highest-grossing movie of that year and many of the characters in the movie like Pillechan and Pattalam Purushu became a cult. It was in the year 2003 that Haneefa played some of the best iconic comedy characters in his career. In Thilakkam, he became the local rowdy called Bhaskaran and in Kilichundan Mampazham, he portrayed the role of Kalanthan Haji. Haneefa's one of the career best role came in the slapstick comedy movie C.I.D Moosa, where he played the role of Vikaraman. Similar to that of Punjabi House, Ee Parakkum Thalika and Meesa Madhavan, the performance of Dileep-Asokan-Haneefa trio along with Jagathy Sreekumar in this movie were highly appreciated and it became the second highest-grossing movie in 2003. In Swapnakoodu, he played the role of Philipose and as Panchayath President in Vellithira. Haneefa's another memorable character came out in the movie Pulival Kalyanam, where he played as Dharmendra, often mistaken in the movie with the Bollywood legendary superstar of the same name. This movie was well appreciated especially for the comedy scenes between Haneefa and Salim Kumar, who played as Manavalan in the movie. Manavalan eventually became a cult character in Malayalam cinema.

Paragraph 11: The US government's Office of Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) investigated IDLO's program in Afghanistan titled 'Justice Training Transition Program' (JTTP) funded with $47.8 million of US taxpayer's money. The investigation was conducted by SIGAR at the request of Senator Claire McCaskill who has maintained a long-standing position that she "ha[s] serious concerns about the effectiveness of the [Justice Sector Support Program] (that was transitioned to IDLO under the name 'JTTP' but without any changes in substance)".[50] JTTP was funded by the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) of the United States Department of State. It was and remains to-day the State Department's largest justice program in the world. On July 22, 2013, SIGAR issued an alert letter to Secretary of State John Kerry alerting Secretary Kerry to the following: (1) JTTP was granted to IDLO as a sole source award (absent any competitive process); (2) there were very few oversight provisions in the State Department's contract with IDLO; (3) State Department told SIGAR that "they d[id] not have the authority to demand basic organizational and project information from IDLO because it is an international organization;" (4) State Department violated its own contracting policy when it issued the JTTP contract to IDLO; (5) SIGAR found that "IDLO is ill-prepared to manage and account for how U.S.-taxpayer funds will be spent on the JTTP; (6) in the years leading up to JTTP IDLO's funding had decreased; (7) IDLO lacks proper international financial certifications; and (8) IDLO refused to fully comply with SIGAR's repeated requests for information. SIGAR concluded that "it was ill-considered for [the State Department] to have awarded almost $50 million to an organization that may not have the ability to account for the use of those funds, under an agreement in which [the State Department] failed to require proper provisions for oversight".[51] SIGAR stated that in light of IDLO's refusal to provide information "it may [...] be necessary to subpoena IDLO to compel the production of any and all records IDLO possesses related to its operations in Afghanistan".[51] IDLO responded by calling the SIGAR assessment contained in the alert letter of July 22, 2013 "incorrect".[52] State Department sought to defend its position by justifying his sole-source award to IDLO by stating that "they are the best positioned to do this work, period, as they are the only not-for-profit intergovernmental organization that is exclusively dedicated to working with governments to promote the rule of law",[53] without elaborating on this assertion in any manner that could reasonably allay SIGAR's substantive and detailed concerns. In January 2014, SIGAR issued a full report entitled 'Support for Afghanistan's Justice Sector: State Department Programs Need Better Management and Stronger Oversight'.[54] In that report SIGAR found the following in relation to IDLO: (1) JTTP was transferred to IDLO despite the management and financial challenges IDLO was facing at the time; (2) IDLO's high leadership turnover and budgetary shortfalls, by IDLO's own admission, raised serious questions about the future sustainability of the organization; (3) State Department has limited authority to oversee IDLO's work; and (4) State failed to secure contractual provisions to oversee IDLO. Despite this report JTTP was allowed to proceed without changes.

Paragraph 12: As his remixes became familiar in Latin clubs, Morillo branched out through his friendship with New York house veteran "Little" Louie Vega, whom he met through then-unknown singer Marc Anthony, with whom Vega had worked on the seminal 1992 house anthem, "Ride on the Rhythm". According to Morillo, Vega advised him to "focus on vocals". Morillo's next big song came in 1993, when New York's premier house label at the time, Strictly Rhythm, released his "The New Anthem"/"Funky Buddha" 12. The song did well in the charts and in clubs, garnering attention for Morillo. Later that year, Strictly Rhythm released the Reel 2 Real's second single "I Like to Move It". The song, which has been described by Mixer as "part Euro-cheese, part pop A&R man's wet dream", became a staple international dance hit for both Reel 2 Real and Strictly Rhythm. It made Morillo a millionaire and thrust him into a globe-trotting life that included weekly trips to Europe to tape MTV Europe in between stateside promotions. In response to the song's success, Morillo recorded the full-length album Move It!, which was released in 1994, and spawned several singles that did particularly well in England. This was followed by a 1996 album from which several other singles were released, most notably "Mueve la Cadera" ("Move Your Body").

Paragraph 13: Toft Hill is a hilltop village in County Durham, in England straggling along the A68, a few miles to the west of Bishop Auckland and adjoining the village of High Etherley. An ancient site of defensive settlement and used by the Romans, the name of Toft Hill is possibly of Norse or Angle derivation and means "Hill Hill". The village is underlaid by coal measures and saw expansion in the 19th century mining boom under the coal-owning Stobart family. The various drifts of their Carterthorne Colliery formed large extended galleries beneath the village. In recent years much of the village's archaeology has been swept away by open cast mining.

Paragraph 14: Padbury came to prominence in 1966 when she joined the cast of the long-running ATV soap opera Crossroads after she came second in the television talent contest Search for a Star. For her initial song in the contest she chose "(When I Marry) Mr. Snow" and made the unusual decision to sing a capella. Afterwards, the guest celebrity, Stubby Kaye, praised her very highly and predicted that she would go far, somewhat to the embarrassment of the presenter since, at that point, no one contestant should have been singled out. In Crossroads, she played the role of Stephanie "Stevie" Harris, foster daughter to the show's main character, Meg Mortimer (Noele Gordon).

Paragraph 15: Yamaguchi was born in Koishikawa Tokyo, and was the third son of a former samurai retainer of Matsue Domain. His given name "Tamon" was the childhood name of the medieval hero Kusunoki Masashige. He attended the Kaisei Academy and was accepted into the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, which he graduated in 1912, ranked 21st out of 144 cadets. His classmates included Takijirō Ōnishi and Matome Ugaki. As an ensign, he served on the cruiser  and battleship . After his commissioning as a lieutenant junior grade, he completed naval artillery and torpedo school training and was assigned to the 3rd Submarine Squadron in December 1916. He was dispatched to the Mediterranean with the Japanese fleet as part of Japan's contribution to the Anglo-Japanese Alliance in World War I and participated in combat operations as an officer on the destroyer  based on Malta from July 1918. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in December of that year. In January 1919, he was assigned to a navigation unit with the naval squadron escorting Imperial German Navy submarines received by the Japanese government as part of reparation payments from Germany at the end of World War I. He served in shore-based administrative assignments at Yokosuka Naval District (from July 1919), Kure Naval District (from October 1919) and Sasebo Naval District (from December 1920).

Paragraph 16: After Fort Sumter, Drake obtained a Captain's commission and operated with a mounted Iowa border regiment patrolling northern Missouri and clearing out small bands of rebels. His leadership was quickly recognized and for a while he was placed in charge of a Federal depot at Hannibal Missouri. After Lincoln's July 1862 call for 300,000 more volunteers to serve for 3 years or until the end of the war, Drake was commissioned as lieutenant colonel in August 1862 of a regiment that was designated the 36th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The 36th  was mustered into United States service on October 4, 1862 at Camp Lincoln, Keokuk, Iowa. The 36th departed Keokuk for Helena Arkansas in mid-November 1862. At Helena the regiment was assigned to the 13th Division of the XIII Army Corps and it was on garrison duty there until February 24, 1863, when the 13th Division was ordered by Grant to conduct a raid through the Yazoo Pass into the inland waterways of the Mississippi Delta to attempt to locate a northern approach to assault Vicksburg.  Here Drake saw his first combat action as Executive Officer of the 36th, which was almost constantly under artillery fire from the rebel guns at Fort Pemberton, at the confluence of the Tallahatchie and Yazoo Rivers, and during which the 36th Iowa conducted two hazardous long-range reconnaissance-in-force operations to try to locate a dry land route that would enable them to flank the rebel fort, which had been reinforced with large naval cannon. The regiment suffered 5 wounded from enemy snipers and some half-dozen others died of fevers and were buried at Shell Mound, Mississippi adjacent to the Curtis Plantation on the banks of the Tallahatchie River. Shell Mound, an ancient Native American ceremonial mound, was some 1.5 miles north of the enemy fort located at a sharp bend in the river, three miles west of Greenwood, Mississippi. Lieutenant-Colonel Drake was nearly killed while leading the first reconnaissance operation when a large caliber enemy artillery shell that struck a large tree immediately in front of him and exploded. Despite efforts by Union gunboats to reduce Fort Pemberton, and with reinforcements sent by Grant, the Union forces abandoned the effort in April, and the 13th Division returned to Helena, arriving there on April 8.

Paragraph 17: Yamaguchi was born in Koishikawa Tokyo, and was the third son of a former samurai retainer of Matsue Domain. His given name "Tamon" was the childhood name of the medieval hero Kusunoki Masashige. He attended the Kaisei Academy and was accepted into the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, which he graduated in 1912, ranked 21st out of 144 cadets. His classmates included Takijirō Ōnishi and Matome Ugaki. As an ensign, he served on the cruiser  and battleship . After his commissioning as a lieutenant junior grade, he completed naval artillery and torpedo school training and was assigned to the 3rd Submarine Squadron in December 1916. He was dispatched to the Mediterranean with the Japanese fleet as part of Japan's contribution to the Anglo-Japanese Alliance in World War I and participated in combat operations as an officer on the destroyer  based on Malta from July 1918. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in December of that year. In January 1919, he was assigned to a navigation unit with the naval squadron escorting Imperial German Navy submarines received by the Japanese government as part of reparation payments from Germany at the end of World War I. He served in shore-based administrative assignments at Yokosuka Naval District (from July 1919), Kure Naval District (from October 1919) and Sasebo Naval District (from December 1920).

Paragraph 18: McCown transferred his senior year to play for Sam Houston State. He transferred to be in an offense that threw more and to have a better chance to win. He surpassed his three-year SMU touchdown total in just one season for the Bearkats, completing 259 of 429 passes for 3,481 yards and 32 touchdowns with 12 interceptions as a senior in 2001. The Bearkats finished the season with a 10–3 record and were Southland Football League co-champions with McNeese State. Sam Houston State defeated Northern Arizona in the first round of the Division I-AA national playoffs to reach the I-AA quarterfinals, where the Bearkats lost to eventual national champion Montana. He set single-season school records in pass completions, attempts, yards, and touchdowns. McCown's 3,481 passing yards ranked eighth on the school's career list. He also rushed for 351 yards and six touchdowns on 112 attempts. He threw for 404 yards and tied a school single-game record with five touchdowns against Western Illinois in 2001. McCown was named the SFL Player of the Year and earned First Team All-SFL honors in 2001. He was also named a Third Team Division I-AA All-American by The Sports Network. Following his senior season, he was one of 16 players considered for the Walter Payton Award, given to the top performer in NCAA Division I-AA football. McCown finished seventh in the Walter Payton Award voting. He replaced Joey Harrington on the 2002 Senior Bowl roster after Harrington suffered a knee injury in the East–West Shrine Game. McCown played in the Senior Bowl and had a "strong game", completing 7 of 11 passes for 117 yards while also rushing for a 12-yard touchdown. He majored in history at Sam Houston State. McCown was inducted into the Sam Houston Athletic Hall of Honor in 2013.

Paragraph 19: Maharana Pratap was born to Udai Singh II of Mewar and Jaiwanta Bai. His younger brothers were Shakti Singh, Vikram Singh and Jagmal Singh. Pratap also had 2 stepsisters: Chand Kanwar and Man Kanwar. He was married to Maharani Ajabde Punwar of Bijolia  Amar Singh I. He belonged to the Royal Family of Mewar. After the death of Udai Singh in 1572, Rani Dheer Bai wanted her son Jagmal to succeed him but senior courtiers preferred Pratap, as the eldest son, to be their king. The desire of the nobles prevailed. Udai Singh died in 1572, and Prince Pratap ascended the throne as Maharana Pratap, the 54th ruler of Mewar in the line of the Sisodia Rajputs. Jagmal swore revenge and left for Ajmer, to join the armies of Akbar, and obtained the town of Jahazpur as a Jagir as a gift in return for his help.

Paragraph 20: He established OnDisplay Corporation, a software development company, with the aim of designing software to select and retrieve information from related webpages and arrange it in a layout most convenient for the user. As his business experience was limited, no investor could be found. When it appeared that his idea would never be implemented, it was accepted by Mark Pine, the executive director of a division of Sybase Software Company. Two weeks later, OnDisplay had more than 80 clients, including Travelocity. It was one of the 10 most successful IPOs in 1999 and was sold to Vignette Corporation in 2000 for USD1.8 billion.

Paragraph 21:  When consulted to broker peace during a later war, Sahl ibn Hunaif said, 'Blame yourselves! I remember how, on the day of Al-Hudaibiya, if we had been allowed to choose fighting, we would have fought (the pagans). At that time 'Umar came (to the Prophet) and said, "Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) in the wrong? Won't our killed persons go to Paradise, and theirs in the Fire?" The Prophet replied, "Yes." Umar further said, "Then why should we let our religion be degraded and return before Allah has settled the matter between us?" The Prophet said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! No doubt, I am Allah's Apostle and Allah will never neglect me." So Umar left the place angrily and he was so impatient that he went to Abu Bakr and said, "O Abu Bakr! Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) on the wrong?" Abu Bakr said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! He is Allah's Apostle, and Allah will never neglect him." Then Sura Al-Fath (The Victory) was revealed."

Paragraph 22: The term originated in the mid-1960s in the wake of a film version of H. G. Wells's The Time Machine that depicted flower-bestowing, communal people of the future in a story characterized by antiwar themes. American political activists like Allen Ginsberg and Abbie Hoffman advocated the giving of flowers as a means of peaceful protest. Images of flower-wielding protesters at the 1967 Pentagon March, such as Marc Riboud's image of Jan Rose Kasmir titled The Ultimate Confrontation: The Flower and the Bayonet and Bernie Boston's Pulitzer prize-nominated photograph Flower Power, popularized the association of flowers with the counterculture movement of the 1970s. Hippies embraced the symbolism by dressing in clothing with embroidered flowers and vibrant colors, wearing flowers in their hair, and distributing flowers to the public, becoming known as flower children.

Paragraph 23: Morgan was born Florence Catherine Currier in Newton, Massachusetts, on 3 May 1924, one of five children born to musicians Olga (Brandenburg) and Bertram Currier. When she was four years old, the Currier family moved to Daytona Beach, Florida. At five she began vocal lessons while continuing piano lessons. During the summers, she took on child roles and appeared in theater productions at the Kennebunkport Playhouse in Kennebunkport, Maine, which her brother had founded. In 1941, she was listed as the Treasurer of the Kennebunkport Playhouse. While attending grade school, Morgan actively engaged in singing and competing against other students throughout Florida and the Southeast. After graduating from Seabreeze High School, she was accepted into New York's Juilliard School of Music. Intending to become an opera singer, she studied opera by day and performed whenever possible.

Paragraph 24: Even though he started off in villain roles, he slowly transitioned to the comedic characters. He had also played dramatic supporting character roles to a great effect. Haneefa's comedic roles smartly captured his physique in a self-deprecating nature and eventually, he became one of the most popular comedians in Malayalam cinema. In Kireedam, he played the role of Hydrose, a hilarious rowdy. His first noted role as a comedian came in Mannar Mathai Speaking, where he played the role of Eldho. Punjabi House was the movie which established him as a major comedian in Malayalam cinema. Considered one of the best slapstick comedy film in Malayalam cinema, Haneefa portrayed the character Gangadharan in the movie. Punjabi House was a major breakthrough in the careers of Harishree Asokan and Dileep as well. The movie eventually developed into a cult. Haneefa along with these Asokan and Dileep eventually formed a successful trio in Malayalam cinema. They acted together in numerous movies such as Udayapuram Sulthan, Ee Parakkum Thalika, Meesa Madhavan, Thilakkam, C.I.D. Moosa, Runway and Pandippada. Haneefa played the role of S.I Veerappan Kurupp in the 2001 slapstick comedy movie Ee Parakkum Thalika. He again played the role of a hilarious police officer, this time becoming Sudarshanan in the movie Snehithan, which was released the same year. His role as Mathukkutty in the 2002 film Mazhathullikkilukkam was also noted. Haneefa's character Thrivikraman in the 2002 movie Meesa Madhavan was highly appreciated. It was the highest-grossing movie of that year and many of the characters in the movie like Pillechan and Pattalam Purushu became a cult. It was in the year 2003 that Haneefa played some of the best iconic comedy characters in his career. In Thilakkam, he became the local rowdy called Bhaskaran and in Kilichundan Mampazham, he portrayed the role of Kalanthan Haji. Haneefa's one of the career best role came in the slapstick comedy movie C.I.D Moosa, where he played the role of Vikaraman. Similar to that of Punjabi House, Ee Parakkum Thalika and Meesa Madhavan, the performance of Dileep-Asokan-Haneefa trio along with Jagathy Sreekumar in this movie were highly appreciated and it became the second highest-grossing movie in 2003. In Swapnakoodu, he played the role of Philipose and as Panchayath President in Vellithira. Haneefa's another memorable character came out in the movie Pulival Kalyanam, where he played as Dharmendra, often mistaken in the movie with the Bollywood legendary superstar of the same name. This movie was well appreciated especially for the comedy scenes between Haneefa and Salim Kumar, who played as Manavalan in the movie. Manavalan eventually became a cult character in Malayalam cinema.

Paragraph 25: Rohit faces a tough time preparing for the case as his financial position is not as sound as Kiran's. He sells his best songs at a very low price so that he can fight the custody battle. During the court battle, Kiran's lawyer Bhujbal (Paresh Rawal) uses every possible trick to show that Rohit does not deserve the custody of his child. He even uses the information that Rohit had told Kiran only because he felt that she had a right to know about her son's life against him. Rohit instructs his lawyer to fight the case honestly as he does not wish to hurt Kiran and her reputation. In the end, the court rules in favor of the mother and Kiran is given custody of the child. During this time, common friends of Rohit and Kiran try to explain to Kiran that Rohit had changed for the better and that he was now very much attached to his son. Kiran also realises that their son would never find happiness only with her. She tells Rohit that she will not take Sunil away and that she wants him to stay at his own home to which Rohit replies that this was Kiran's home as well. Kiran seemingly moves to get out of the house but then closes the door and smiles.

Paragraph 26: The fictional character Kinsey Millhone was born on May 5, 1950. Her unusual first name was the maiden name of her mother, wealthy debutante Rita Cynthia Kinsey, who married Kinsey's father, Randy Millhone, against the wishes of Kinsey's grandmother, Cornelia LaGrand Kinsey ("Grand"), causing a family rift. Kinsey's parents were killed in a car wreck when she was five; Kinsey was trapped in the car with her dead parents for several hours before she was rescued, retaining only the memory of her mother weeping softly before her death. She then moved in with her mother's sister Virginia ("Aunt Gin"), the only relative to side with Rita in the family rift, although Kinsey later finds out her parents were en route to a bridge-building family visit when the accident occurred. From her Aunt Gin, Kinsey acquired various eccentricities, including a liking for peanut-butter and pickle sandwiches. In high school, Kinsey was a self-described pot-smoking delinquent. After three semesters at the local community college she realized that academic life was not for her and she joined the Santa Teresa police force. After two years, Kinsey decided life in uniform wasn't for her, either, and quit the police force to become an investigator for California Fidelity, an insurance company, where Aunt Gin had worked. Eventually, she became a self-employed private investigator, initially mentored by local PI Benjamin Byrd, who had been a partner of another local PI, Morley Shine, before striking out on her own, solving various disappearances and murders, clearing names and dodging hitmen. For some years she maintained a loose relationship with CFI, then rented premises in the offices of her lawyer, Lonnie Kingman, before renting independent office space in later years. She has an antagonistic relationship with local policeman Con Dolan, although this mellowed into a reasonably amicable truce after Dolan's retirement and they have co-operated on more than one recent case.

Paragraph 27: It was after the migration of 1690, that the Ottomans first encouraged the migration of Albanians into Kosovo. The larger, eastern part of Kosovo remained overwhelmingly Serb Orthodox, with a Catholic Albanian, and later Muslim Albanian, presence growing from the west by the 16th century. The urban economy began to decline along with the output from the mines, yet Albanian highlander stockbreeders continued to migrate such that Kosovo would attain an Albanian majority by the end of 18th century. The topic of the Great Migrations is a source of disputes between some Serbian and Albanian historians, with each side having its viewpoint, including doubtful Serbian claims of no prior Albanian presence, and doubtful Albanian claims of a larger prior presence. Additionally, Albanians claim descent from the Illyrians, who had inhabited ancient Dardania. Albanians were present in Kosovo before the Ottoman period, and it has been suggested that a part of the Albanian population there were present as Illyrians before the Slavs came to the Balkans. It is likely that Albanians in Kosovo before the Ottoman period were, if not the majority, an important minority. At the time of King Lazar in the 14th century, and at the beginning of the Ottoman period in 1455, the region had "an overwhelming Slavic (Serbian) majority", but significant Albanian migration in the early sixteenth century resulted by mid-century in a sizable Albanian population in parts of western Kosovo. According to Malcolm, a major part of the Albanian demographic growth was the expansion of an indigenous Albanian population within Kosovo itself.  Ottoman official documents and reports by Evliya Çelebi in the 17th century show that before the Habsburg invasion of 1689-1690 and the Great Migrations of the Serbs, at least western and central Kosovo were treated as part of Ottoman Albania, and had a large Albanian population. Thus, the Albanian tribesmen that moved from turbulent mountains of Shkodra to western and central Kosovo after 1670, merely moved to other parts of Ottoman Albania. István Deák from the University of Colombia states that Serbs, who were somewhat better educated than the Albanians, were willing to move away in search of better economic opportunities, which helped demographic changes in the territory of Kosovo throughout the centuries.

Paragraph 28: Bumblebee's next adventure would occur when he accompanied Spike and Sparkplug with Jazz to test out his new speakers but decided to head to headquarters so they wouldn't have to deal with his loud music. When Bumblebee returned to the headquarters, he saw nobody but Bluestreak there and that Teletraan One was damaged. He then was dragged to the recharging chamber by Bluestreak, due to Megatron putting a personality destabilizer in their recharging chamber to turn all the Autobots evil. However, Bumblebee was saved when Jazz, Spike and Sparkplug arrived back just in time as Jazz knocked Bluestreak out for a while. After Sparkplug fixed Teletraan One, he, Bumblebee, Jazz and Spike learn about what happened. With Bumblebee and Jazz being the only ones who were not affected from the personality destabilizer, Bumblebee decided to stop his comrades when he hears about Optimus Prime, Brawn and Prowl attacking an Air Force jet base with Spike accompanying him. Once they arrived, Bumblebee tried a few times to get through to Optimus but to no success. Bumblebee was relieved that his friends were free from the Decepticons' control, after Sparkplug invented Attitude exchanger to counteract the personality destabilizer effects, except for Prime. Bumblebee took the last one, as there was no other ones left, as he wanted to make one final attempted to get Optimus back to his senses. Bumblebee tells Prime that he is not evil, and he believes in him, then encourages him to fight off Megatron's control also to not give in. Bumblebee quickly put the Attitude exchanger on Optimus, who heard his voice, which freed him from Decepticon control. Bumblebee was given a hug by Prime for not giving up on him and for saving him. After stopping the Decepticons, Bumblebee was thanked again by Optimus Prime, who also thanked everyone for their help, for what he did for him. Bumblebee with Spike gave Ratchet and Sparkplug tools as they needed to fix the Air Force jets the Autobots destroyed while under Megatron's control.

Paragraph 29: As his remixes became familiar in Latin clubs, Morillo branched out through his friendship with New York house veteran "Little" Louie Vega, whom he met through then-unknown singer Marc Anthony, with whom Vega had worked on the seminal 1992 house anthem, "Ride on the Rhythm". According to Morillo, Vega advised him to "focus on vocals". Morillo's next big song came in 1993, when New York's premier house label at the time, Strictly Rhythm, released his "The New Anthem"/"Funky Buddha" 12. The song did well in the charts and in clubs, garnering attention for Morillo. Later that year, Strictly Rhythm released the Reel 2 Real's second single "I Like to Move It". The song, which has been described by Mixer as "part Euro-cheese, part pop A&R man's wet dream", became a staple international dance hit for both Reel 2 Real and Strictly Rhythm. It made Morillo a millionaire and thrust him into a globe-trotting life that included weekly trips to Europe to tape MTV Europe in between stateside promotions. In response to the song's success, Morillo recorded the full-length album Move It!, which was released in 1994, and spawned several singles that did particularly well in England. This was followed by a 1996 album from which several other singles were released, most notably "Mueve la Cadera" ("Move Your Body").

Paragraph 30: In 1779, lieutenant colonel Tusten led a group of militia against Joseph Brant at the Battle of Minisink. On July 20, Joseph Brant, a Mohawk chief and commissioned officer in the British army, led a strong party of Indians to raid Minisink and the surrounding valley settlements.  They by-passed the blockhouses set up for defense and burned  over 20 buildings, killing and capturing civilians.  The militia of Goshen, NY, led by Col. Tusten marched to Minisink to help the inhabitants, where he was joined by the neighboring Sussex county, NJ, militia company led by Major Samuel Meeker, both groups gathering together on July 21.  Together they had about 149 men. They held a council of war to consider pursuit (The Indians were driving cattle and horses, and could be caught.), but Tusten believed the Indians outnumbered the militia by odds of two to one, so advised against attacking the retreating enemy and to wait for reinforcements from the Continental Army.   Many others were insistent for immediate pursuit and attack.  Finally, Maj. Meeker mounted up and waved his sword, saying "Let the brave men follow me: the cowards may stay behind!"  The council stopped debating the issue and decided to go on the march through the night. The battle unfolded just as Tusten had predicted. The militia was over run by Brant's superior forces. At the end of the battle a mortally wounded Col Hathorne was in retreat and leaving the battlefield when he stopped to tell the wounded Tusten to save himself and leave the battle, the enemy had breached the lines and his position would be over run. Tusten refused to leave his wounded men and was killed with a tomahawk to the head. Samuel Meeker was wounded at the battle and left for home.

Paragraph 31: Bumblebee's next adventure would occur when he accompanied Spike and Sparkplug with Jazz to test out his new speakers but decided to head to headquarters so they wouldn't have to deal with his loud music. When Bumblebee returned to the headquarters, he saw nobody but Bluestreak there and that Teletraan One was damaged. He then was dragged to the recharging chamber by Bluestreak, due to Megatron putting a personality destabilizer in their recharging chamber to turn all the Autobots evil. However, Bumblebee was saved when Jazz, Spike and Sparkplug arrived back just in time as Jazz knocked Bluestreak out for a while. After Sparkplug fixed Teletraan One, he, Bumblebee, Jazz and Spike learn about what happened. With Bumblebee and Jazz being the only ones who were not affected from the personality destabilizer, Bumblebee decided to stop his comrades when he hears about Optimus Prime, Brawn and Prowl attacking an Air Force jet base with Spike accompanying him. Once they arrived, Bumblebee tried a few times to get through to Optimus but to no success. Bumblebee was relieved that his friends were free from the Decepticons' control, after Sparkplug invented Attitude exchanger to counteract the personality destabilizer effects, except for Prime. Bumblebee took the last one, as there was no other ones left, as he wanted to make one final attempted to get Optimus back to his senses. Bumblebee tells Prime that he is not evil, and he believes in him, then encourages him to fight off Megatron's control also to not give in. Bumblebee quickly put the Attitude exchanger on Optimus, who heard his voice, which freed him from Decepticon control. Bumblebee was given a hug by Prime for not giving up on him and for saving him. After stopping the Decepticons, Bumblebee was thanked again by Optimus Prime, who also thanked everyone for their help, for what he did for him. Bumblebee with Spike gave Ratchet and Sparkplug tools as they needed to fix the Air Force jets the Autobots destroyed while under Megatron's control.

Paragraph 32: Yamaguchi was born in Koishikawa Tokyo, and was the third son of a former samurai retainer of Matsue Domain. His given name "Tamon" was the childhood name of the medieval hero Kusunoki Masashige. He attended the Kaisei Academy and was accepted into the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, which he graduated in 1912, ranked 21st out of 144 cadets. His classmates included Takijirō Ōnishi and Matome Ugaki. As an ensign, he served on the cruiser  and battleship . After his commissioning as a lieutenant junior grade, he completed naval artillery and torpedo school training and was assigned to the 3rd Submarine Squadron in December 1916. He was dispatched to the Mediterranean with the Japanese fleet as part of Japan's contribution to the Anglo-Japanese Alliance in World War I and participated in combat operations as an officer on the destroyer  based on Malta from July 1918. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in December of that year. In January 1919, he was assigned to a navigation unit with the naval squadron escorting Imperial German Navy submarines received by the Japanese government as part of reparation payments from Germany at the end of World War I. He served in shore-based administrative assignments at Yokosuka Naval District (from July 1919), Kure Naval District (from October 1919) and Sasebo Naval District (from December 1920).

Paragraph 33: The term originated in the mid-1960s in the wake of a film version of H. G. Wells's The Time Machine that depicted flower-bestowing, communal people of the future in a story characterized by antiwar themes. American political activists like Allen Ginsberg and Abbie Hoffman advocated the giving of flowers as a means of peaceful protest. Images of flower-wielding protesters at the 1967 Pentagon March, such as Marc Riboud's image of Jan Rose Kasmir titled The Ultimate Confrontation: The Flower and the Bayonet and Bernie Boston's Pulitzer prize-nominated photograph Flower Power, popularized the association of flowers with the counterculture movement of the 1970s. Hippies embraced the symbolism by dressing in clothing with embroidered flowers and vibrant colors, wearing flowers in their hair, and distributing flowers to the public, becoming known as flower children.

Paragraph 34: As his remixes became familiar in Latin clubs, Morillo branched out through his friendship with New York house veteran "Little" Louie Vega, whom he met through then-unknown singer Marc Anthony, with whom Vega had worked on the seminal 1992 house anthem, "Ride on the Rhythm". According to Morillo, Vega advised him to "focus on vocals". Morillo's next big song came in 1993, when New York's premier house label at the time, Strictly Rhythm, released his "The New Anthem"/"Funky Buddha" 12. The song did well in the charts and in clubs, garnering attention for Morillo. Later that year, Strictly Rhythm released the Reel 2 Real's second single "I Like to Move It". The song, which has been described by Mixer as "part Euro-cheese, part pop A&R man's wet dream", became a staple international dance hit for both Reel 2 Real and Strictly Rhythm. It made Morillo a millionaire and thrust him into a globe-trotting life that included weekly trips to Europe to tape MTV Europe in between stateside promotions. In response to the song's success, Morillo recorded the full-length album Move It!, which was released in 1994, and spawned several singles that did particularly well in England. This was followed by a 1996 album from which several other singles were released, most notably "Mueve la Cadera" ("Move Your Body").

Paragraph 35: Maharana Pratap was born to Udai Singh II of Mewar and Jaiwanta Bai. His younger brothers were Shakti Singh, Vikram Singh and Jagmal Singh. Pratap also had 2 stepsisters: Chand Kanwar and Man Kanwar. He was married to Maharani Ajabde Punwar of Bijolia  Amar Singh I. He belonged to the Royal Family of Mewar. After the death of Udai Singh in 1572, Rani Dheer Bai wanted her son Jagmal to succeed him but senior courtiers preferred Pratap, as the eldest son, to be their king. The desire of the nobles prevailed. Udai Singh died in 1572, and Prince Pratap ascended the throne as Maharana Pratap, the 54th ruler of Mewar in the line of the Sisodia Rajputs. Jagmal swore revenge and left for Ajmer, to join the armies of Akbar, and obtained the town of Jahazpur as a Jagir as a gift in return for his help.

Paragraph 36: Bumblebee's next adventure would occur when he accompanied Spike and Sparkplug with Jazz to test out his new speakers but decided to head to headquarters so they wouldn't have to deal with his loud music. When Bumblebee returned to the headquarters, he saw nobody but Bluestreak there and that Teletraan One was damaged. He then was dragged to the recharging chamber by Bluestreak, due to Megatron putting a personality destabilizer in their recharging chamber to turn all the Autobots evil. However, Bumblebee was saved when Jazz, Spike and Sparkplug arrived back just in time as Jazz knocked Bluestreak out for a while. After Sparkplug fixed Teletraan One, he, Bumblebee, Jazz and Spike learn about what happened. With Bumblebee and Jazz being the only ones who were not affected from the personality destabilizer, Bumblebee decided to stop his comrades when he hears about Optimus Prime, Brawn and Prowl attacking an Air Force jet base with Spike accompanying him. Once they arrived, Bumblebee tried a few times to get through to Optimus but to no success. Bumblebee was relieved that his friends were free from the Decepticons' control, after Sparkplug invented Attitude exchanger to counteract the personality destabilizer effects, except for Prime. Bumblebee took the last one, as there was no other ones left, as he wanted to make one final attempted to get Optimus back to his senses. Bumblebee tells Prime that he is not evil, and he believes in him, then encourages him to fight off Megatron's control also to not give in. Bumblebee quickly put the Attitude exchanger on Optimus, who heard his voice, which freed him from Decepticon control. Bumblebee was given a hug by Prime for not giving up on him and for saving him. After stopping the Decepticons, Bumblebee was thanked again by Optimus Prime, who also thanked everyone for their help, for what he did for him. Bumblebee with Spike gave Ratchet and Sparkplug tools as they needed to fix the Air Force jets the Autobots destroyed while under Megatron's control.

Paragraph 37: Christian Orthodox names in the Ottoman register of 1520 that have a clear ethnic affiliation have been a subject of debate. Duka (1990) considers the lack of the Greek suffix  as strong indication that in that part of the athroponymy of the region there are "no traces of the presence of the influence of Greek". According to Demiraj (2008) a number of the anthroponyms such as Gjon, Gjin, Gjergj, Lekë and Pal are also attested in forms influenced by the Greek Orthodox Church: Jani, Jorgo, Aleks and Pavllo albeit lacking the characteristic Greek suffix  (as seen in  Janis, Jorgos etc.). He attributes the presence of these forms to the significant role of Greek Orthodox Church in southern Albania in general, particularly the area of Dropull. Demiraj hesitates to favour the possibility of an early Greek presence in the area based on historical indications and onomatological features and points out that further research is needed in this field. According to Kyriazis and Spyrou (2011), Demiraj's main weakness is his approach; ignoring the corresponding Greek literary evidence. Schmitt (2015) argues that Christian Orthodox names such as – using Duka's Albanian transliteration – Miho Papapetro, Jani Makrinudhi, Andria Makrinudhi, Miho Spathar in the village Bodrishtë, suggest the presence of a Greek-speaking population in the region. According to Schmitt, Greek name influence among Aromanian names was also strong as in the village Sotirë. Schmitt concluded that the onomatological evidence in most villages is mixed and as such an ethnic-national division can not be drawn; Duka's categorization does not provide clear divisions. According to him, the only conclusion that can be drawn from such data is that the settlements of Dropull were populated by Orthodox communities, while only Aromanian villages were noticeably separated under the context of Ottoman administration. Schmitt argues that only the ethno-national opposition since the late 19th century divided this community into national communities. Kyriazis (2022) argues that the absence of the suffix  does not show a lack of the Greek element, as this was quite typical in Ottoman records from areas that were undoubtedly Greek-speaking; this view is corroborated by the Ottomanist scholar Kostas Kamburidis (2013). Liço also disagrees, and says that Greek names in the genitive, accusative, and vocative cases don't have the suffix ; this suffix is only observed in the nominative case. Giakoumis says that in Greek the surnames are often given in the genitive case without the suffix ; especially in Epirus and in the provinces of Dropull and Pogon. Both Giakoumis and Liço add, that in Ottoman , such as this one, the names were given in response to the question 'whose household...' or 'how do you call him', and the interpreter answered in the genitive or accusative cases without the suffix . According to Liço, the eliding of the suffix  in Greek names, is further corroborated when we consider undoubtedly Greek surnames in the defter, that also lack it.

Paragraph 38: The village is first mentioned in tax records of 1196. The remains of ridge and furrow from the medieval period can still be seen. One of the oldest structures in the village is Eggleston Bridge, which crosses into the neighbouring village of Romaldkirk. The bridge dates to the 15th century but was mostly rebuilt in the 17th century. It originally featured a chapel at the south end. Many of the cottages date from the 18th century and were built by the Society of Friends, who owned lead mines in the area. Forty men were employed as miners until 1904 when the company closed the smelting mills.

Paragraph 39: The term originated in the mid-1960s in the wake of a film version of H. G. Wells's The Time Machine that depicted flower-bestowing, communal people of the future in a story characterized by antiwar themes. American political activists like Allen Ginsberg and Abbie Hoffman advocated the giving of flowers as a means of peaceful protest. Images of flower-wielding protesters at the 1967 Pentagon March, such as Marc Riboud's image of Jan Rose Kasmir titled The Ultimate Confrontation: The Flower and the Bayonet and Bernie Boston's Pulitzer prize-nominated photograph Flower Power, popularized the association of flowers with the counterculture movement of the 1970s. Hippies embraced the symbolism by dressing in clothing with embroidered flowers and vibrant colors, wearing flowers in their hair, and distributing flowers to the public, becoming known as flower children.

Paragraph 40: Maharana Pratap was born to Udai Singh II of Mewar and Jaiwanta Bai. His younger brothers were Shakti Singh, Vikram Singh and Jagmal Singh. Pratap also had 2 stepsisters: Chand Kanwar and Man Kanwar. He was married to Maharani Ajabde Punwar of Bijolia  Amar Singh I. He belonged to the Royal Family of Mewar. After the death of Udai Singh in 1572, Rani Dheer Bai wanted her son Jagmal to succeed him but senior courtiers preferred Pratap, as the eldest son, to be their king. The desire of the nobles prevailed. Udai Singh died in 1572, and Prince Pratap ascended the throne as Maharana Pratap, the 54th ruler of Mewar in the line of the Sisodia Rajputs. Jagmal swore revenge and left for Ajmer, to join the armies of Akbar, and obtained the town of Jahazpur as a Jagir as a gift in return for his help.

Paragraph 41: On February 1, 1582 (Lunar calendar) Kiso Joshimasa, one of the Takeda vassals in Shinano, defected to Oda Nobunaga. On February 2, Takeda Katsuyori and his generals left their capital near Kofu in Kai and entered Shinano with some 15.000 men. In response, on February 3, Oda Nobunaga decided to invade Takeda domain from all sides: Tokugawa Ieyasu was to invade Suruga province, Hojo Ujimasa was to attack from Kanto, and Oda Nobutada from Mino. Takeda forts on Mino border had fallen by treachery on February 6, and on February 12 Oda Nobutada entered Shinano province, leading troops from Mino and Owari, advancing to the north-east. Along the way, Takeda castles of Matsuo and Iida surrendered without a fight (February 14) with some commanders defecting to Nobutada, the first of them Ogasawara Nobumine of Matsuo. The only fight was put up at Yagohara castle (February 16), where Takeda lost some 40 samurai. Oshima Castle further north-east fell without a fight, while villagers and lesser gentry (ji-samurai) of Shinano province flocked to Nobutada's army and greeted them as liberators. In the meantime, on February 25, the main Takeda fortress in Suruga surrendered to Tokugawa Ieyasu through treachery of its commander, Anayama Baisetsu, Takeda Shingen's nephew, who was considered one of the principal pillars of the house of Takeda. As Oda forces reached the middle of Shinano province with no opposition to speak of, and the main Takeda supporters in Shinano and Suruga defected to Oda, on February 28. Takeda Katsuyori retreated from Shinano to his home province of Kai, seeking to defend his castle of Shinpu, the new capital of Takeda clan. Katsuyori moved his seat to Shinpu Castle in December 1581, as the old Takeda capital in Kofu was practically undefendable, not a castle but a simple one-story daimyo residence defended by a single moat (built by Takeda Nobutora in 1519), as Takeda chieftains of former generations relied on their army for protection.

Paragraph 42: After Fort Sumter, Drake obtained a Captain's commission and operated with a mounted Iowa border regiment patrolling northern Missouri and clearing out small bands of rebels. His leadership was quickly recognized and for a while he was placed in charge of a Federal depot at Hannibal Missouri. After Lincoln's July 1862 call for 300,000 more volunteers to serve for 3 years or until the end of the war, Drake was commissioned as lieutenant colonel in August 1862 of a regiment that was designated the 36th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The 36th  was mustered into United States service on October 4, 1862 at Camp Lincoln, Keokuk, Iowa. The 36th departed Keokuk for Helena Arkansas in mid-November 1862. At Helena the regiment was assigned to the 13th Division of the XIII Army Corps and it was on garrison duty there until February 24, 1863, when the 13th Division was ordered by Grant to conduct a raid through the Yazoo Pass into the inland waterways of the Mississippi Delta to attempt to locate a northern approach to assault Vicksburg.  Here Drake saw his first combat action as Executive Officer of the 36th, which was almost constantly under artillery fire from the rebel guns at Fort Pemberton, at the confluence of the Tallahatchie and Yazoo Rivers, and during which the 36th Iowa conducted two hazardous long-range reconnaissance-in-force operations to try to locate a dry land route that would enable them to flank the rebel fort, which had been reinforced with large naval cannon. The regiment suffered 5 wounded from enemy snipers and some half-dozen others died of fevers and were buried at Shell Mound, Mississippi adjacent to the Curtis Plantation on the banks of the Tallahatchie River. Shell Mound, an ancient Native American ceremonial mound, was some 1.5 miles north of the enemy fort located at a sharp bend in the river, three miles west of Greenwood, Mississippi. Lieutenant-Colonel Drake was nearly killed while leading the first reconnaissance operation when a large caliber enemy artillery shell that struck a large tree immediately in front of him and exploded. Despite efforts by Union gunboats to reduce Fort Pemberton, and with reinforcements sent by Grant, the Union forces abandoned the effort in April, and the 13th Division returned to Helena, arriving there on April 8.

Paragraph 43: Riders left their Omnimover vehicles and went to the TransCenter, which was full of exhibits and showed about transportation and the things surrounding it. It took an Innoventions-style feel to all of it. The TransCenter portion of World of Motion, designed by award-winning experience designer Bob Rogers (designer) and the design team BRC Imagination Arts, offered educational attractions which included prototype cars such as the Lean Machine in the Dreamer's Workshop and a show called The Water Engine, which pitted nine animated characters associated with various and alternate fuel-systems in a debate over which motor design should be used to power cars. There was a replica of America's only wind-tunnel on display. The ever-popular animatronic show "Bird and the Robot", starring a cigar-smoking toucan ("Bird") and an assembly-line robot ("Tiger", actually a GM-developed  PUMA) entertained people with acts (and Bird's signature bad jokes) about the advanced technology of the GM assembly line. A computer-generated display showed GM's car 'torture' test without actually performing it. Concept 2000 showed the process of creating prototype cars for GM. The prototype concept cars at the TransCenter were once the most photographed spot in Walt Disney World. An exhibit called Aerotest educated people about air-flow on auto concepts and fuel economy. Another exhibit featured stylings of clothes with GM's advanced polyester production styles.

Paragraph 44: The fictional character Kinsey Millhone was born on May 5, 1950. Her unusual first name was the maiden name of her mother, wealthy debutante Rita Cynthia Kinsey, who married Kinsey's father, Randy Millhone, against the wishes of Kinsey's grandmother, Cornelia LaGrand Kinsey ("Grand"), causing a family rift. Kinsey's parents were killed in a car wreck when she was five; Kinsey was trapped in the car with her dead parents for several hours before she was rescued, retaining only the memory of her mother weeping softly before her death. She then moved in with her mother's sister Virginia ("Aunt Gin"), the only relative to side with Rita in the family rift, although Kinsey later finds out her parents were en route to a bridge-building family visit when the accident occurred. From her Aunt Gin, Kinsey acquired various eccentricities, including a liking for peanut-butter and pickle sandwiches. In high school, Kinsey was a self-described pot-smoking delinquent. After three semesters at the local community college she realized that academic life was not for her and she joined the Santa Teresa police force. After two years, Kinsey decided life in uniform wasn't for her, either, and quit the police force to become an investigator for California Fidelity, an insurance company, where Aunt Gin had worked. Eventually, she became a self-employed private investigator, initially mentored by local PI Benjamin Byrd, who had been a partner of another local PI, Morley Shine, before striking out on her own, solving various disappearances and murders, clearing names and dodging hitmen. For some years she maintained a loose relationship with CFI, then rented premises in the offices of her lawyer, Lonnie Kingman, before renting independent office space in later years. She has an antagonistic relationship with local policeman Con Dolan, although this mellowed into a reasonably amicable truce after Dolan's retirement and they have co-operated on more than one recent case.

Paragraph 45:  When consulted to broker peace during a later war, Sahl ibn Hunaif said, 'Blame yourselves! I remember how, on the day of Al-Hudaibiya, if we had been allowed to choose fighting, we would have fought (the pagans). At that time 'Umar came (to the Prophet) and said, "Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) in the wrong? Won't our killed persons go to Paradise, and theirs in the Fire?" The Prophet replied, "Yes." Umar further said, "Then why should we let our religion be degraded and return before Allah has settled the matter between us?" The Prophet said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! No doubt, I am Allah's Apostle and Allah will never neglect me." So Umar left the place angrily and he was so impatient that he went to Abu Bakr and said, "O Abu Bakr! Aren't we on the right (path) and they (pagans) on the wrong?" Abu Bakr said, "O the son of Al-Khattab! He is Allah's Apostle, and Allah will never neglect him." Then Sura Al-Fath (The Victory) was revealed."

Paragraph 46: The village is first mentioned in tax records of 1196. The remains of ridge and furrow from the medieval period can still be seen. One of the oldest structures in the village is Eggleston Bridge, which crosses into the neighbouring village of Romaldkirk. The bridge dates to the 15th century but was mostly rebuilt in the 17th century. It originally featured a chapel at the south end. Many of the cottages date from the 18th century and were built by the Society of Friends, who owned lead mines in the area. Forty men were employed as miners until 1904 when the company closed the smelting mills.