Paragraph 1: Allegedly, Major was chosen to receive a Distinguished Conduct Medal. However, he declined the offer as, according to him, General Montgomery (who was to present him with the award) was "incompetent" and in no position to be giving out medals. Whether he actually got this nomination and why he would not have received it is not clear; The National Archives only contains records of his later DCM recommendation from 1945. An article in Trouw claims he received seven days off instead, which he spent in Belgium, and that he was not present to receive his DCM because his car would not start. However, Dirk Staat, conservator of the Nationaal Militair Museum, has done research on Major for two years and doubts the usual telling of the events, arguing that there were no reports of a DCM recommendation and that one person escorting 93 prisoners is unfathomably difficult: "Those stories are indeed doing the rounds, that he also received a medallion for the Battle of the Scheldt, the Distinguished Conduct Medal. He would have captured 93 soldiers there. He refused [the medal] because of General Montgomery. But you cannot find anything about all of that. Major fought in Zeeland, and undoubtedly he would have been competent. But about his medal we read nothing. And do not be mistaken; if someone came ten minutes too late to the evening roll call, then that is in the reports. Or that they get new shoes on Tuesday. And then there would be nothing noted down about the medal for Major? Would be really weird, I cannot imagine that. "In February 1945, Major was helping a military chaplain load corpses from a destroyed Tiger II tank into a Universal Carrier in Keppeln, Germany. After they finished, the chaplain and the driver seated themselves in the front while Major jumped in the back of the vehicle. The carrier struck a land mine, the resulting explosion killing the chaplain and the driver and knocking Major unconscious. Major claimed to have remembered a loud blast, followed by his body being thrown into the air and smashing down hard on his back. Upon regaining consciousness, he awoke to find two concerned medical officers trying to assess his condition. He simply asked if the chaplain was okay. They did not answer his question, but transported him on a truck to a field hospital  away, stopping every 15 minutes to inject morphine to relieve the pain in his back.

Paragraph 2: On 4 May he was detached, with a squadron of six ships of the line, to convoy a large fleet of merchant ships as far as Cape Finisterre. His further orders were to cruise to the westward till 20 May, in the hope of meeting the French provision convoy daily expected from America. The convoy, however, did not arrive at that time, and Montagu, after making several important captures, returned to Plymouth on 30 May. He had extended his cruise for several days beyond the prescribed limit, but had not been able to communicate with Howe. On 2 June he received orders from the Admiralty to put to sea again with every available ship, and to cruise off Brest in order to intercept the French provision fleet. On the 3rd the Audacious came in with news of the partial action of 28 May; but Montagu, having no other orders, put to sea on 4 June with nine ships of the line. On the evening of the 8th he chased a French squadron of eight ships into Brest, and at daybreak on the 9th found a French fleet of nineteen ships of the line a few miles to the westward of him. Though several of these were under jurymasts, or in tow of others, they all appeared capable of defending themselves, and fourteen of them seemed to be ordinarily effective. Of Howe's success Montagu had no information. All he could hope was that by stretching to the southward, with a northerly wind, he might tempt the French so far to leeward of their port that Howe, if following them up, might be able to secure them. The French commander, Villaret, however, was not inclined to run such a risk, and, after a slight demonstration of chasing him, resumed his course and steered for Brest, while Montagu, after looking for Howe to the north-west, and failing to find him, bore away for the Channel, and on the 12th anchored in Cawsand Bay.

Paragraph 3: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 4: Both tributary creeks enter and mingle with the Ipswich proper in Middleton, proceed south into northern Peabody, then loop northwards through the municipalities of Danvers, Topsfield (crossing US Route 1 just south of the Topsfield Fairground, entering from the west turns northerly and runs the greater length of Teal Pond southwest to north, the east bank of which forms a part of the western border of Hamilton, and exits the lake turning easterly staying south of Ipswich Road to head through and between the Willowdale State Forest and Bradley Palmer State Park, then opens a gap from Ipswich road diverging southeasterly from the road and the south edge of the Turner Hill Golf Club to turn north and form the west border of the Julia Bird Reservation thence meanders north through settled Ipswich neighborhoods and directly through town center passing under MA 133 (County Road, aka. South Main Street) where it gradually begins widening until a mile beyond main Street it passes Nichols Field and the salt marsh floodplain begins.  From Nichols it traverses a bit over  joins with Plum Island Sound in connecting with the Atlantic Ocean at Ipswich Bay.  There is always some flow from the river into the bay.  However, the lower Ipswich and Plum Island Sound, as well as the lower four other rivers flowing into it, and the much larger Merrimack River to the north, are all tidal estuaries, so the water is brackish from mixing ocean born saltwater inland during flood tides, and the lands immediately along the banks, where not inundated some of the time, are nonetheless saturated by brackish water and support only hearty plants capable of tolerating the waters such as salt marsh hay.  High tides cover all of Great Marsh and the flood plains of the lower rivers. Low tides uncover the mud flats, reducing the deep channels to small streams some often small enough one can hop across to fish elsewhere.

Paragraph 5: After Wayne and Robert Fellows had formed Wayne-Fellows Productions in 1952, the duo worked on several films including Big Jim McLain, Plunder of the Sun, and Island in the Sky. In 1953, director William Wellman was releasing Island in the Sky when he learned that his screenwriter Ernest Gann was writing another aviation story. Gann shared the story with Wellman, and the director offered to make a sales pitch. Wellman relayed the story of The High and the Mighty to Wayne-Fellows Productions. Wayne purchased the story on the spot, agreeing to give Gann $55,000 for the story and the screenplay plus 10 percent of the film's earnings. Wayne also agreed to give Wellman 30 percent of the earnings to be the film's director, based on the condition that The High and the Mighty would be filmed in CinemaScope. It was a widescreen projection process that involved using an anamorphic lens to widen the image produced by regular 35 mm film. Wellman's experience was that the CinemaScope camera was "bulky and unwieldy", and the director preferred to station the camera in one place. Since The High and Mighty was set on an airliner with cramped quarters, Wellman did not need to worry about flexibility in composing shots. He hired William H. Clothier, with whom he had worked on many films, as cinematographer (assigned to the second unit sequences, only; Archie Stout, with whom Wayne had a long association, had already been assigned as primary cinematographer). Ernest K. Gann wrote the original novels on which both films were based, along with both screenplays, of which both films, including dialogue, were closely adapted.

Paragraph 6: Soustelle’s first concern for the implementation of his plan was to inject funds into the Algerian economy for small improvement projects designed to have an immediate effect. After a short struggle with the finance ministry in Paris, an allocation of 4,300 million francs was obtained. Thereafter, Soustelle engaged in social-political reforms by sending out a circular, making it compulsory on all persons in authority to pursue a "policy of consideration and confidence". His intention was to eradicate the superiority complex which the European population had adopted in terms of discrimination and condescension towards the Arab-Algerian populace. Third, Soustelle took into consideration the agricultural situation of Algeria as this was the primary source of revenue for the country. However, there were several obstacles; erosion had claimed  per year. Furthermore, there was an overpopulation problem in Algeria; the Muslim population was growing at the alarming rate where production fell behind the birth rate dramatically. To meet the challenge of the countryside, Soustelle administered an agency with wide powers to acquire public and private land for redistribution to Muslim peasants and to secure land beneficiaries with the technical and financial assistance which could improve these new holdings. He also expanded the existing facilities such as the Provident Societies and Rural Improvement Sectors and also abolished the cultural phenomenon of khammessat, a sharecropping system under which the tenant got one fifth of the crop and the landowner four-fifths. As the cost of power in Algeria was 60% higher than in metropolitan France; Soustelle advocated lower costs of power which increased industrialization. He sought to amalgamate the Algerian Gas and Power Company with the nationalized Electricité de France or through a system of tax relief. Fourthly, Soustelle had concerns about the social structure of the country also. Only 29% of civil jobs were held by Muslims the rest were occupied by Europeans. To amend this anomaly, Soustelle instituted an Administration Training Center in Algiers, as a means of finding qualified Muslim candidates for suitable jobs. He also attempted, without success, to implement a system whereby qualified Muslims would be exempted from completing any competitive entry examination. Likewise, Soustelle was passionate about schools. He fought for funding to build 1,200 schools instead of the originally planned 600 schools. Faced with an overwhelming number of requests from teachers that wanted to leave the unsettled areas of Algeria, he hired supplementary teachers to keep the schools open. Likewise, he proposed to make the study of Arabic compulsory or at least optional in all schools. He also planned to envelop the country with social centers which would combat illiteracy, promote hygiene and encourage small crafts. Fifth, the administrative system needed several revisions. His goal was to reduce the large territory division into more manageable units and to bring administration closer to the people. He intended to create several departments to aid him. Soustelle proposed to divide the previous administrative townships into smaller rural townships each corresponding with their own natural community. Soustelle envisaged that the rural townships would remain under the subtle tutelage of the administration until they were ready to self-govern themselves. Finally to fill in the vacuum between the civil administrator and the dispersed inhabitants Soustelle set up 400 Specialized Administration Sections (S.A.S) to be manned by a new corps of Algerian Affairs officer. Amongst their many duties were to create a protective web for populations that might be subject to rebels or trammeled by the army or both.  

Paragraph 7: As a society, they completed a plethora of different abolitionist activities, including writing letters, holding conventions, and circulating petitions. One of the first things they completed after founding was writing a letter to George Thompson because he inspired them to create the organization. George Thompson was a famous abolitionist who faced a lot of backlash for the progress he made in the anti-slavery movement. In the letter they wrote about how embarrassed they were that he was receiving such treatment, and let him know that they appreciated him and his work. However, in the First Annual reviews it explains that though the letter was sent, he never did write back. The Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society also sent a letter to the Ladies New York City Anti-Slavery Society accepting them as friends and hoping to join forces with other female anti-slave societies in New England. The groups would have more influence together to raise funds for the American Anti-Slave Society and could convince more southern women to support the movement. They collected funds for their society and the American Anti-Slavery Society. The funds allocated for the society also supported the Ladies Anti-Slavery Sewing Society, which was a smaller group under their original organization. This auxiliary sewed the society's slogan onto different items to gain support and bring attention to their group. They sold their sewed items to gain funds for the society. This included needlework and book covers with the slogan, “May the use of our needles prick the conscience of slaveholders.” Along with this they distributed Anti-slavery pamphlets and other publications. They sent and circulated petitions to Congress, pushing for abolition in the District of Columbia, and the group created and spread the Ladies petition to the general assembly that they had in 1836.  They also gave petitions to the Presbyterian church general assembly and they circulated Anti-Slavery Tracts.  In 1836, the society held lectures to gain support for their cause and had the Grimké Sisters speak in their event, which they hoped would create a bigger audience for their society. This was originally a series of parlor lectures, but there were too many people interested and they needed to find a bigger space. The event moved to the succession room of Reverend Duncan Dunbar's Beriah Baptist Church. They wanted this meeting to just include women so they would escort men out when they entered. While they were in operation, they also hosted a national convention that lasted 4 days in 1937. They sent 18 delegates and 80 members. They did not lead the convention, they hosted it, but they were one of the more conservative groups that participated.

Paragraph 8: Later, Ann approaches Loomis and proposes sharing the valley and farm work but living apart. He professes surprise when she tells him she won't live with him anymore and asks why, as if he has no idea. Ann remembers that he acted the same after he had grabbed her hand, "as if nothing had happened, or as if he had forgotten it," She refuses to justify her choice to him, to tell him where she is living, or to come back to live with him. Loomis answers that he has no choice but to accept her proposal, though he hopes she will reconsider and "act more like an adult and less like a schoolgirl". Though the arrangement is "unnatural and uneasy," and Ann worries about surviving winter, she sticks by her decision and wishes Loomis had never come.  Loomis locks the store, cutting off her supplies. When she approaches him for the key, Loomis shoots her in the ankle. Ann flees, realizing that he had not shot to kill, only to lame her to make her easy to capture. Loomis uses her dog, Faro, to track her to the cave, where he burns her belongings, though Ann escapes. Ann's ankle wound becomes infected. As she recovers, she has feverish dreams of another valley where children wait for her to teach them. Ann comes to believe the dreams may be true and Loomis is insane, so she plans to steal the safe-suit and find her dream valley. Moreover, she decides to kill Faro to prevent Loomis from tracking her, though she is later unable to do so. However, Faro is fatally poisoned swimming across the dead creek to her.

Paragraph 9: Marketed with the tagline "For men who should know better", Loaded was launched in May 1994. It was originally published by IPC Media who committed to its initial development following a discussion between the company's executives and James Brown during a job interview for the editorship of New Musical Express, also part of the IPC group. In development for a year, Loaded was predicted to be a flop, but IPC considered it a low-risk investment because the advertising department of its Music & Sport division already existed and the promotional budget was minimal. IPC itself had little faith in the magazine; according to Brown the staff were initially only contracted for 3 months after the launch. Taking its title from the Primal Scream song of the same name, the magazine was founded by Mick Bunnage, Tim Southwell and Brown.

Paragraph 10: On 4 May he was detached, with a squadron of six ships of the line, to convoy a large fleet of merchant ships as far as Cape Finisterre. His further orders were to cruise to the westward till 20 May, in the hope of meeting the French provision convoy daily expected from America. The convoy, however, did not arrive at that time, and Montagu, after making several important captures, returned to Plymouth on 30 May. He had extended his cruise for several days beyond the prescribed limit, but had not been able to communicate with Howe. On 2 June he received orders from the Admiralty to put to sea again with every available ship, and to cruise off Brest in order to intercept the French provision fleet. On the 3rd the Audacious came in with news of the partial action of 28 May; but Montagu, having no other orders, put to sea on 4 June with nine ships of the line. On the evening of the 8th he chased a French squadron of eight ships into Brest, and at daybreak on the 9th found a French fleet of nineteen ships of the line a few miles to the westward of him. Though several of these were under jurymasts, or in tow of others, they all appeared capable of defending themselves, and fourteen of them seemed to be ordinarily effective. Of Howe's success Montagu had no information. All he could hope was that by stretching to the southward, with a northerly wind, he might tempt the French so far to leeward of their port that Howe, if following them up, might be able to secure them. The French commander, Villaret, however, was not inclined to run such a risk, and, after a slight demonstration of chasing him, resumed his course and steered for Brest, while Montagu, after looking for Howe to the north-west, and failing to find him, bore away for the Channel, and on the 12th anchored in Cawsand Bay.

Paragraph 11: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."

Paragraph 12: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."

Paragraph 13: Marketed with the tagline "For men who should know better", Loaded was launched in May 1994. It was originally published by IPC Media who committed to its initial development following a discussion between the company's executives and James Brown during a job interview for the editorship of New Musical Express, also part of the IPC group. In development for a year, Loaded was predicted to be a flop, but IPC considered it a low-risk investment because the advertising department of its Music & Sport division already existed and the promotional budget was minimal. IPC itself had little faith in the magazine; according to Brown the staff were initially only contracted for 3 months after the launch. Taking its title from the Primal Scream song of the same name, the magazine was founded by Mick Bunnage, Tim Southwell and Brown.

Paragraph 14: Chapter 30, "Toward a Theory of Strategy for Liberty", argues that the quest to achieve liberty should be motivated by a conception of natural-rights justice, rather than utility. Rothbard discusses the strategic stance that a libertarian should take in a world where states still exist, and how to push society towards greater liberty. He argues that while the ultimate goal of the libertarian is the immediate abolition of the state as an organized engine of aggression, transitional demands and steps towards liberty in practice are necessary. However, these transitional demands should never contradict the ultimate goal of liberty. For example, a demand for a 10% reduction in the government budget each year for ten years, after which the government will disappear, may have heuristic or strategic value, but it should never imply that any faster pace towards cutting the budget would be wrong. Similarly, the idea of a comprehensive planned program towards liberty is flawed, as it implies that the state is not the enemy of mankind and that it is desirable to use the state to engineer a measured pace towards liberty. The insight that the state is the permanent enemy of mankind leads to a different strategic outlook, where libertarians push for and accept any reduction of state power or activity on any front. Rothbard argues that the reduction or abolition of a tax is always a non-contradictory reduction of state power and a step towards liberty, but its replacement by a new or increased tax elsewhere does just the opposite, for it signifies a new and additional imposition of the state on some other front. The imposition of a new tax is a means that contradicts the libertarian goal itself. Finally, Rothbard states that while the libertarian may set priorities and concentrate his energy on political issues that he deems most important, he must use his strategic intelligence and knowledge of the issues of the day to set his priorities of political importance.

Paragraph 15: The 2016–2017 roster was composed of several returning players and OHL training camps invitees including Jackob Lee (11th round, Guelph Storm), Holdyn Lansink (12th round, Erie Otters), Brock Baier (10th round, Windsor Spitfires), Chet Phillips (4th round, Saginaw Spirit), Brendan Cederberg (11th round, Peterborough Petes) and Ben Derrough (Owen Sound Attack). The key losses for the team this year is last year's starting goalie Tyler Fassl and their leading scorer from last year Jamie Huber. Tyler Fassl has moved on to the OJHL's Trenton Goldenhawks, defensemen Kade Landry is now with the OHL's Barrie Colts, Jordan Caskenette is with Walkerton Hawks (Jr.C), defensemen Scott Pederson is now playing in the CIS for Laurentian University and 2015-2016 leading scorer Jamie Huber has moved on to the Prince George Spruce Kings of the BCHL. Other notable losses from the 2015-2016 team that were key players in Listowel's record winning season include Tim Nauta, Ben Shelley, Ray McFalls, Corey Flemington and Austin Huizenga.  The 2016–2017 team co-captains are veteran locals Caleb Warren and Blake Nichol. The team will also have alternating away and home assistant captains. Alternate captains include Riley Robertson, Keaton Willis, Brady Anderson and Holdyn Lansink. Midway through the season, the team added former Cyclone Ben VanOotegham from the Pembroke Lumberkings of the CCHL. VanOotegham previously played for the Listowel Cyclones in 2013-2014 and 2014-2015 seasons. Halfway through the 2016-2017 GOJHL season the Cyclones were in 1st place in the Midwestern division and look to break last year's franchise win record with a 20–2–2 start.  On December 8, 2016, last year's leading scorer Jamie Huber returned from the BCHL to rejoin the team in their record setting season. Along with Huber, the Cyclones added more offensive power by welcoming 3 year OHL veteran and Exeter native Cullen Mercer to the line up on Jan 7th, 2017.

Paragraph 16: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."

Paragraph 17: On Coruscant, Supreme Chancellor Palpatine resists the Jedi Council's suggestion to recall Jedi from the Outer Rim worlds due to the Separatist threat.  Palpatine's increased calls for public surveillance and restriction on freedom of movement and action prompt Senators Padmé Amidala, Bail Organa, and Mon Mothma to persuade him to pull back from the brink. Palpatine somehow knows Sidious' name and orders the Jedi and Republic intelligence to hunt him down. In the bowels of the planet, trace elements lead Jedi Mace Windu, Shaak Ti and Republic intelligence to track down the same Darth Sidious that Count Dooku had been meeting with, the tower described by the Twi'lek pilot. The Jedi/Intelligence team are led through endless tunnels, but find a trail of evidence that leads to the Senate district. Here, the trail grows cold at the base of 500 Republica, the personal quarters of many of Coruscant's finest. At 500 Republica, a Republic Intelligence agent named Captain Dyne was separated from the Jedi, and was the first of the Republic to realize Darth Sidious' true identity – Supreme Chancellor Palpatine himself. He was astonished to learn that the Sith really do rule the galaxy. He died with the satisfaction of escaping the war.  Before the search for the Sith Lord can proceed further, General Grievous leads an invasion of Coruscant that results in the capture of Palpatine.

Paragraph 18: In 2012, IDW Publishing published the Artist's Edition () of the story in a 200-page hardcover. Unlike the usual graphic novels, this format features printing of the original artworks in a way to mimic the experience of a comic book artist viewing comic art. The size of the artwork papers were originally at the dimension of 11 x 17 inches (including the editorial notes and bleed lines seen on the papers) and were all colored. Artist's Edition is designed to print exactly the same dimension and in black and white palette to show the details of pasteovers, zip-a-tone technique, and blue pencils. Mazzucchelli personally supplied all of the artworks for scanning and supervised the process of the development for approval. The 250 copies limited edition () was exclusively available only for pre-ordering; this version includes a colorful slipcase, a variant design of the front cover, and Mazzucchelli's personal signature printed in an interior page. Mazzucchelli appeared at the Midtown Comics signing event on June 28, 2012. The signing was preceded by a discussion with fellow creator Chip Kidd and a Q&A session with fans in attendance. The trade paperback known as Artisan Edition () was published on 2019. This version, however, is scaled down to the standard size of a graphic novel despite retaining the same content as the regular version.

Paragraph 19: The club was established in 1886, and were founder members of the Spartan League in 1907. They finished bottom in the league's first season, and switched to the Isthmian League. They won the league in its shortened post-World War I 1919 season, and then twice in 1937–38 and 1938–39. They remained members of the league after World War II and were champions again in 1946–47 and 1947–48. They also won the FA Amateur Cup in both seasons, defeating Wimbledon 2–1 in the 1947 final and Barnet 1–0 in the 1948 final. In 1948–49 they reached the second round of the FA Cup, defeating Watford 2–1 in the first round, before losing 4–3 at home to Newport County. They went on to win three consecutive titles between 1949–50 and 1951–52. In 1951–52 they again reached the second round of the FA Cup after beating Shrewsbury Town 2–0 in the first round, but lost in a second replay to Newport County. Their last Isthmian League title was won in 1965–66, whilst they won the FA Amateur Cup again in 1967–68 Managed by Fred Mann with a 1–0 win over Chesham United F.C. This entitled them to enter the first-ever Coppa Ottorino Barassi, which they won by beating Stefer Roma on away goals.

Paragraph 20: The club was established in 1886, and were founder members of the Spartan League in 1907. They finished bottom in the league's first season, and switched to the Isthmian League. They won the league in its shortened post-World War I 1919 season, and then twice in 1937–38 and 1938–39. They remained members of the league after World War II and were champions again in 1946–47 and 1947–48. They also won the FA Amateur Cup in both seasons, defeating Wimbledon 2–1 in the 1947 final and Barnet 1–0 in the 1948 final. In 1948–49 they reached the second round of the FA Cup, defeating Watford 2–1 in the first round, before losing 4–3 at home to Newport County. They went on to win three consecutive titles between 1949–50 and 1951–52. In 1951–52 they again reached the second round of the FA Cup after beating Shrewsbury Town 2–0 in the first round, but lost in a second replay to Newport County. Their last Isthmian League title was won in 1965–66, whilst they won the FA Amateur Cup again in 1967–68 Managed by Fred Mann with a 1–0 win over Chesham United F.C. This entitled them to enter the first-ever Coppa Ottorino Barassi, which they won by beating Stefer Roma on away goals.

Paragraph 21: In 1941-45 during the battles at the Eastern Front of World War II, all research work of the Institute was focused on the development of the arms industry, the assistance to arms production, including to evacuated industrial enterprises in Tomsk. All research work of universities was coordinated by the Scientists’ Committee formed in June 1941, due to the initiative of a number of professors of Tomsk universities. The Committee contained Tomsk scientists, including professors of Kirov Tomsk Industrial Institute (Innokenty Butakov, Innokenty Gebler, Mikhail Korovin). One of the Vice-Chairmen of the Committee was Konstantin Shmargunov, the Rector of the Institute. TPU alumni headed a lot of USSR plants producing tanks and weapons. Timofey Gorbachev, a 1928 alumnus of Dzerzhinsky Siberian Technological Institute, headed the department of the Kuzbassugol Building Complex. Nikolay Kamov, a 1923 alumnus of the Mechanical Faculty of Tomsk Technological Institute, became chief engineer at the Design Bureau producing helicopters. Vladimir Kozhevin, a 1934 alumnus of the Mining Department of Siberian Institute of Mechanical Engineering, from 1941 held a position of a head of the Engineering Office and a deputy chief engineer at the OsinnikiUgol Trust of the Kuzbassugol Building Complex, where coal of the most valuable types required for the metallurgical and defense industries of Russia was produced. In 1942, he was appointed chief engineer and head of mine No. 10 of the OsinnikiUgol Trust. From 1943 till the end of the battles at the Eastern Front, the mine maintained the ideals of the USSR State Defense Committee. Valery Kuznetsov, a 1932 alumnus of the Geological Prospecting Faculty of Siberian Institute of Mechanical Engineering, during the years of battles at the Eastern Front was in charge of drawing geologic maps at the West-Siberian Geology Administration. These maps were required for the exploration of minerals, a necessity in which sharply rose during that period.  Over 700 people, including students, academic staff, employees and volunteers went to war. They took part in many battles and only few of them were able to reach Berlin leaving their signatures on the walls of the Reichstag building.

Paragraph 22: Physically, headcrabs are frail: a few bullets or a single strike from the player's melee weapon are sufficient to kill them. They are also relatively slow-moving, and their attacks inflict very little damage. However, they can leap long distances and heights. Headcrabs seek out larger human hosts, which are converted into zombie-like mutants that attack any living life form nearby. The converted humans are more resilient than an ordinary human would be and inherit the headcrab's resilience toward toxic and radioactive materials. Headcrabs and "headcrab zombies" can also catch fire. The games establish that while headcrabs are parasites that prey on humans, they are the prey of the creatures in their homeworld. Bullsquids, Vortigaunts, barnacles, and antlions eat headcrabs. Vortigaunts can be seen cooking them in several locations in-game.

Paragraph 23: Soustelle’s first concern for the implementation of his plan was to inject funds into the Algerian economy for small improvement projects designed to have an immediate effect. After a short struggle with the finance ministry in Paris, an allocation of 4,300 million francs was obtained. Thereafter, Soustelle engaged in social-political reforms by sending out a circular, making it compulsory on all persons in authority to pursue a "policy of consideration and confidence". His intention was to eradicate the superiority complex which the European population had adopted in terms of discrimination and condescension towards the Arab-Algerian populace. Third, Soustelle took into consideration the agricultural situation of Algeria as this was the primary source of revenue for the country. However, there were several obstacles; erosion had claimed  per year. Furthermore, there was an overpopulation problem in Algeria; the Muslim population was growing at the alarming rate where production fell behind the birth rate dramatically. To meet the challenge of the countryside, Soustelle administered an agency with wide powers to acquire public and private land for redistribution to Muslim peasants and to secure land beneficiaries with the technical and financial assistance which could improve these new holdings. He also expanded the existing facilities such as the Provident Societies and Rural Improvement Sectors and also abolished the cultural phenomenon of khammessat, a sharecropping system under which the tenant got one fifth of the crop and the landowner four-fifths. As the cost of power in Algeria was 60% higher than in metropolitan France; Soustelle advocated lower costs of power which increased industrialization. He sought to amalgamate the Algerian Gas and Power Company with the nationalized Electricité de France or through a system of tax relief. Fourthly, Soustelle had concerns about the social structure of the country also. Only 29% of civil jobs were held by Muslims the rest were occupied by Europeans. To amend this anomaly, Soustelle instituted an Administration Training Center in Algiers, as a means of finding qualified Muslim candidates for suitable jobs. He also attempted, without success, to implement a system whereby qualified Muslims would be exempted from completing any competitive entry examination. Likewise, Soustelle was passionate about schools. He fought for funding to build 1,200 schools instead of the originally planned 600 schools. Faced with an overwhelming number of requests from teachers that wanted to leave the unsettled areas of Algeria, he hired supplementary teachers to keep the schools open. Likewise, he proposed to make the study of Arabic compulsory or at least optional in all schools. He also planned to envelop the country with social centers which would combat illiteracy, promote hygiene and encourage small crafts. Fifth, the administrative system needed several revisions. His goal was to reduce the large territory division into more manageable units and to bring administration closer to the people. He intended to create several departments to aid him. Soustelle proposed to divide the previous administrative townships into smaller rural townships each corresponding with their own natural community. Soustelle envisaged that the rural townships would remain under the subtle tutelage of the administration until they were ready to self-govern themselves. Finally to fill in the vacuum between the civil administrator and the dispersed inhabitants Soustelle set up 400 Specialized Administration Sections (S.A.S) to be manned by a new corps of Algerian Affairs officer. Amongst their many duties were to create a protective web for populations that might be subject to rebels or trammeled by the army or both.  

Paragraph 24: The club was established in 1886, and were founder members of the Spartan League in 1907. They finished bottom in the league's first season, and switched to the Isthmian League. They won the league in its shortened post-World War I 1919 season, and then twice in 1937–38 and 1938–39. They remained members of the league after World War II and were champions again in 1946–47 and 1947–48. They also won the FA Amateur Cup in both seasons, defeating Wimbledon 2–1 in the 1947 final and Barnet 1–0 in the 1948 final. In 1948–49 they reached the second round of the FA Cup, defeating Watford 2–1 in the first round, before losing 4–3 at home to Newport County. They went on to win three consecutive titles between 1949–50 and 1951–52. In 1951–52 they again reached the second round of the FA Cup after beating Shrewsbury Town 2–0 in the first round, but lost in a second replay to Newport County. Their last Isthmian League title was won in 1965–66, whilst they won the FA Amateur Cup again in 1967–68 Managed by Fred Mann with a 1–0 win over Chesham United F.C. This entitled them to enter the first-ever Coppa Ottorino Barassi, which they won by beating Stefer Roma on away goals.

Paragraph 25: The album debuted at No. 1 on the US Billboard 200, selling 715,000 copies, outperforming Nelly's previous effort Country Grammar (2000), which debuted at number 3 selling 235,000 copies. With the single, "Hot in Herre" debuting at No. 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 that week, Nelly was in possession of the top spot on 10 different Billboard charts.  After its release, Nellyville remained atop the Billboard 200, selling 450,000 in its first week and 340,000 in its second week, surpassing 1.5 million copies in sales in its 3rd week. In its fourth week, Nellyville replaced atop the chart by Dave Matthews Band's Busted Stuff. The former album was positioned at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, with its sales decreasing to 305,000 copies. In the 5th week, it sold 271,000 copies, dropping from #2 to No. 3, and in its sixth week, it sold 244,000 copies remaining at number 3. Nellville reached to No. 2 and sold 210,000 units in its 7th week of release and in its 8th week, topping the Billboard 200, accumulating to 4 non-consecutive weeks atop. The album sold 185,000 copies that week. Nellyville 4-week #1 run and sales were, according to Billboard, largely in part to the success of the album's singles, "Hot in Herre" and "Dilemma". The former track was number one on the Hot 100 prior to the album's release, maintaining a third week atop the chart, when Nellville made its debut. The song topped the Hot 100 for 7 consecutive weeks before being replaced by its successor, "Dilemma", which topped the chart for 10 non-consecutive weeks, selling worldwide over 7.6 million copies. (in Italian) On June 9, 2003, Nellyville was certified Sex-tuple Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over 6 million copies in the United States of America. On March 16, 2011, the album sold 6,490,000 copies in the United States, becoming the fourteenth best-selling rap album of all time. Nellyville was ranked as the 174th best album of all time on the Billboard Top 200 Albums of All Time.

Paragraph 26: Marketed with the tagline "For men who should know better", Loaded was launched in May 1994. It was originally published by IPC Media who committed to its initial development following a discussion between the company's executives and James Brown during a job interview for the editorship of New Musical Express, also part of the IPC group. In development for a year, Loaded was predicted to be a flop, but IPC considered it a low-risk investment because the advertising department of its Music & Sport division already existed and the promotional budget was minimal. IPC itself had little faith in the magazine; according to Brown the staff were initially only contracted for 3 months after the launch. Taking its title from the Primal Scream song of the same name, the magazine was founded by Mick Bunnage, Tim Southwell and Brown.

Paragraph 27: Similar to the principle of parallel storage, retrieval of verbatim and gist traces also occur via dissociated pathways. According to the principle of dissociated retrieval, recollective and nonrecollective retrieval processes are independent of each other.  Consequently, this principle allows verbatim and gist processes to be differentially influenced by factors such as the type of retrieval cues and the availability of each form of representation. In connection with Tulving's encoding specificity principle, items that were actually presented in the past are better cues for verbatim traces than items that were not. Similarly, items that were not presented in the past but preserve the meaning of presented items are usually better cues for gist traces. Suppose, for example, that subjects of an experiment are presented with a word list containing several dog breeds, such as poodle, bulldog, greyhound, doberman, beagle, collie, boxer, mastif, husky, and terrier.  During a recognition test, the words poodle, spaniel, and chair are presented. According to the principle of dissociated retrieval, retrieval of verbatim and gist traces does not depend on each other and, therefore, different types of test probes might serve as better cues to one type of trace than another. In this example, test probes such as poodle (targets, or studied items) will be better retrieval cues for verbatim traces than gist, whereas test probes such as spaniel (related distractors, non-studied items but related to targets) will be better retrieval cues for gist traces than verbatim.  Chair, on the other hand, would neither be a better cue for verbatim traces nor for gist traces because it was not presented and is not related to dogs.  If verbatim and gist processes were dependent, then factors that affect one process would also affect the other in the same direction. However, several experiments showing, for example, differential forgetting rates between memory for the surface details and memory for the bottom-line meaning of past events  favor the notion of dissociated retrieval of verbatim and gist traces. In the case of forgetting rates, those experiments have shown that, over time, verbatim traces become inaccessible at a faster rate than gist traces. Brainerd, Reyna, and Kneer, for instance, found that delay drives true recognition rates (supported by both verbatim and gist traces) and false recognition rates (supported by gist and suppressed by verbatim traces) in opposite directions, namely true memory decays over time while false memory increases.

Paragraph 28: In 1729, Jonas was apprenticed to a merchant in Lisbon. In 1743, after he had been in business for himself for some time in London, he became a partner with Mr Dingley, a merchant in St Petersburg, and in this way was led to travel in Russia and Persia. Leaving St Petersburg on 10 September 1743, and passing south by Moscow, Tsaritsyn and Astrakhan, he embarked on the Caspian Sea on 22 November and arrived at Astrabad on 18 December. Here his goods were seized by Mohammed Hassan Beg, and it was only after great privations that he reached the camp of Nadir Shah, under whose protection he recovered most (85%) of his property.

Paragraph 29: The 2016–2017 roster was composed of several returning players and OHL training camps invitees including Jackob Lee (11th round, Guelph Storm), Holdyn Lansink (12th round, Erie Otters), Brock Baier (10th round, Windsor Spitfires), Chet Phillips (4th round, Saginaw Spirit), Brendan Cederberg (11th round, Peterborough Petes) and Ben Derrough (Owen Sound Attack). The key losses for the team this year is last year's starting goalie Tyler Fassl and their leading scorer from last year Jamie Huber. Tyler Fassl has moved on to the OJHL's Trenton Goldenhawks, defensemen Kade Landry is now with the OHL's Barrie Colts, Jordan Caskenette is with Walkerton Hawks (Jr.C), defensemen Scott Pederson is now playing in the CIS for Laurentian University and 2015-2016 leading scorer Jamie Huber has moved on to the Prince George Spruce Kings of the BCHL. Other notable losses from the 2015-2016 team that were key players in Listowel's record winning season include Tim Nauta, Ben Shelley, Ray McFalls, Corey Flemington and Austin Huizenga.  The 2016–2017 team co-captains are veteran locals Caleb Warren and Blake Nichol. The team will also have alternating away and home assistant captains. Alternate captains include Riley Robertson, Keaton Willis, Brady Anderson and Holdyn Lansink. Midway through the season, the team added former Cyclone Ben VanOotegham from the Pembroke Lumberkings of the CCHL. VanOotegham previously played for the Listowel Cyclones in 2013-2014 and 2014-2015 seasons. Halfway through the 2016-2017 GOJHL season the Cyclones were in 1st place in the Midwestern division and look to break last year's franchise win record with a 20–2–2 start.  On December 8, 2016, last year's leading scorer Jamie Huber returned from the BCHL to rejoin the team in their record setting season. Along with Huber, the Cyclones added more offensive power by welcoming 3 year OHL veteran and Exeter native Cullen Mercer to the line up on Jan 7th, 2017.

Paragraph 30: As a society, they completed a plethora of different abolitionist activities, including writing letters, holding conventions, and circulating petitions. One of the first things they completed after founding was writing a letter to George Thompson because he inspired them to create the organization. George Thompson was a famous abolitionist who faced a lot of backlash for the progress he made in the anti-slavery movement. In the letter they wrote about how embarrassed they were that he was receiving such treatment, and let him know that they appreciated him and his work. However, in the First Annual reviews it explains that though the letter was sent, he never did write back. The Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society also sent a letter to the Ladies New York City Anti-Slavery Society accepting them as friends and hoping to join forces with other female anti-slave societies in New England. The groups would have more influence together to raise funds for the American Anti-Slave Society and could convince more southern women to support the movement. They collected funds for their society and the American Anti-Slavery Society. The funds allocated for the society also supported the Ladies Anti-Slavery Sewing Society, which was a smaller group under their original organization. This auxiliary sewed the society's slogan onto different items to gain support and bring attention to their group. They sold their sewed items to gain funds for the society. This included needlework and book covers with the slogan, “May the use of our needles prick the conscience of slaveholders.” Along with this they distributed Anti-slavery pamphlets and other publications. They sent and circulated petitions to Congress, pushing for abolition in the District of Columbia, and the group created and spread the Ladies petition to the general assembly that they had in 1836.  They also gave petitions to the Presbyterian church general assembly and they circulated Anti-Slavery Tracts.  In 1836, the society held lectures to gain support for their cause and had the Grimké Sisters speak in their event, which they hoped would create a bigger audience for their society. This was originally a series of parlor lectures, but there were too many people interested and they needed to find a bigger space. The event moved to the succession room of Reverend Duncan Dunbar's Beriah Baptist Church. They wanted this meeting to just include women so they would escort men out when they entered. While they were in operation, they also hosted a national convention that lasted 4 days in 1937. They sent 18 delegates and 80 members. They did not lead the convention, they hosted it, but they were one of the more conservative groups that participated.

Paragraph 31: Marketed with the tagline "For men who should know better", Loaded was launched in May 1994. It was originally published by IPC Media who committed to its initial development following a discussion between the company's executives and James Brown during a job interview for the editorship of New Musical Express, also part of the IPC group. In development for a year, Loaded was predicted to be a flop, but IPC considered it a low-risk investment because the advertising department of its Music & Sport division already existed and the promotional budget was minimal. IPC itself had little faith in the magazine; according to Brown the staff were initially only contracted for 3 months after the launch. Taking its title from the Primal Scream song of the same name, the magazine was founded by Mick Bunnage, Tim Southwell and Brown.

Paragraph 32: Chapter 30, "Toward a Theory of Strategy for Liberty", argues that the quest to achieve liberty should be motivated by a conception of natural-rights justice, rather than utility. Rothbard discusses the strategic stance that a libertarian should take in a world where states still exist, and how to push society towards greater liberty. He argues that while the ultimate goal of the libertarian is the immediate abolition of the state as an organized engine of aggression, transitional demands and steps towards liberty in practice are necessary. However, these transitional demands should never contradict the ultimate goal of liberty. For example, a demand for a 10% reduction in the government budget each year for ten years, after which the government will disappear, may have heuristic or strategic value, but it should never imply that any faster pace towards cutting the budget would be wrong. Similarly, the idea of a comprehensive planned program towards liberty is flawed, as it implies that the state is not the enemy of mankind and that it is desirable to use the state to engineer a measured pace towards liberty. The insight that the state is the permanent enemy of mankind leads to a different strategic outlook, where libertarians push for and accept any reduction of state power or activity on any front. Rothbard argues that the reduction or abolition of a tax is always a non-contradictory reduction of state power and a step towards liberty, but its replacement by a new or increased tax elsewhere does just the opposite, for it signifies a new and additional imposition of the state on some other front. The imposition of a new tax is a means that contradicts the libertarian goal itself. Finally, Rothbard states that while the libertarian may set priorities and concentrate his energy on political issues that he deems most important, he must use his strategic intelligence and knowledge of the issues of the day to set his priorities of political importance.

Paragraph 33: The CMLL crew took less than 15 minutes to set up the steel cage for the main event, which was fast for the type of cage that CMLL uses. After the cage was assembled the participants for the Infierno en el Ring match came to the ring, tecnicos first (Ángel de Oro, Ángel de Plata, Ángel Azteca Jr., Diamante, Fabián el Gitano and Sensei) followed by the rudos (Doctor X, Hooligan, Puma King, Tiger Kid, Monster and Histeria). Before the match it was announced that there would be a three-minute time limit where wrestlers were not allowed to escape the cage. Once the bell rings all 12 wrestlers began fighting, some pairing up against the wrestlers they had been feuding with for a while, Dr. X and Fabián el Gitano, Los Ángeles and Puma King and Tiger Kid. The theme of the match was "every man for himself", demonstrated by Hooligan as he was the first man to escape after the time limit expired, distracting his teammate Doctor X in order to escape the cage. Ángel de Oro and Ángel de Plata both climbed the cage at the same time, only to have Ángel de Plata pull his brother off the cage so he could escape himself. While the other wrestlers were preoccupied Monster saw an opening and climbed out of the cage, the third man to escape the match. Moments later Sensei becomes the fourth man to escape the cage, keeping his mask safe. The brother team of Puma King and Tiger Kid are the next to try to escape the cage, but like with the Ángel brothers Tiger Kid prevented his brother from escaping so that he could get out of the cage himself. Out next was Ángel Azteca Jr. who climbed over the cage to ensure he would not have to fight for his mask that night. Puma King and Ángel de Oro seemed to work together to escape the cage, only for Puma King to double cross Ángel de Oro so that Puma King could escape the cage. With Diamante's escape there are only four wrestlers left in the ring. Histeria quickly abandons fellow rudo Doctor X to escape the cage, saving his match for the second time in a week. In the cage Ángel de Oro accidentally hit Fabián el Gitano when he was trying to hit Doctor X. This gave the Doctor an opening to escape the cage, choosing to leave the cage instead of trying to punish his rival Fabián el Gitano further.

Paragraph 34: For quite some time, it was thought that Geobacter species lacked c-cytochromes that can be utilized to reduce metal ions, hence it was assumed that they required direct physical contact in order to use metal ions as terminal electron acceptors (TEAs). The discovery of the highly conductive pili in Geobacter species, and the proposal of using them as biological nano-wires further strengthened this view. Nevertheless, recent discoveries have revealed that many Geobacter species, such as Geobacter uraniireducens, not only do not possess highly conductive pili, but also do not need direct physical contact in order to utilize the metal ions as TEAs, suggesting that there is a great variety of extracellular electron transport mechanisms among the Geobacter species. For example, one other way of transporting electrons is via a quinone-mediated electron shuttle, which is observed in Geobacter sulfurreducens.

Paragraph 35: The centre of the painting has a distorted human face in profile looking downwards, based on the shape of a natural rock formation at Cap de Creus along the sea-shore of Catalonia. A similar profile is seen in Dalí's more famous painting of two years later, The Persistence of Memory. A nude female figure (resembling Dalí's then-new muse, Gala) rises from the back of the head; this may be the masturbatory fantasy suggested by the title. The woman's mouth is near a thinly clad male crotch, a suggestion that fellatio may take place. The male figure seen only from the waist down has bleeding fresh cuts on his knees.  Below the central profile head, on its mouth, is a grasshopper, an insect Dali referred to several times in his writings.  A swarm of ants (a popular motif representing sexual anxiety in Dalí's work) gather on the grasshopper's abdomen, as well as on the prone face. In the landscape below, three other figures are arranged, along with an egg (commonly used as a symbol of fertility) and sparse other features. Two of the characters in the landscape are arranged in such a way as to cast a long single shadow, while the other character is seen hurriedly walking into the distance on the peripheries of the canvas. On the back of the central head figure, a formation of two rocks and a potted dry plant can be seen, the pot of the plant placed over the bottom rock while balancing the other rock on top of it in an unrealistic way. This part is thought to represent the escape-of-reality idea found in many of Dalí's other works.

Paragraph 36: Physically, headcrabs are frail: a few bullets or a single strike from the player's melee weapon are sufficient to kill them. They are also relatively slow-moving, and their attacks inflict very little damage. However, they can leap long distances and heights. Headcrabs seek out larger human hosts, which are converted into zombie-like mutants that attack any living life form nearby. The converted humans are more resilient than an ordinary human would be and inherit the headcrab's resilience toward toxic and radioactive materials. Headcrabs and "headcrab zombies" can also catch fire. The games establish that while headcrabs are parasites that prey on humans, they are the prey of the creatures in their homeworld. Bullsquids, Vortigaunts, barnacles, and antlions eat headcrabs. Vortigaunts can be seen cooking them in several locations in-game.

Paragraph 37: In the forty-seventh minute, The Sea Eagles were within twenty metres of the Storm's try-line when Matt Orford at first receiver put a grubber kick into the left corner which bounced up perfectly for Michael Robertson racing through on the wing to grab and dive over for his second try. Kicking duty was handed to Steve Matai who coolly converted Robertson's try from next to the sideline, bringing his side's lead to 14–0. Three minutes later, and from a similar attacking position, the Sea Eagles kept the ball alive, a pass from Brett Stewart fifteen metres out arriving at the feet of Steve Matai who, with only one defender before him, picked it up and passed to Michael Robertson to dive over again in the same corner. Matai's second sideline conversion attempt missed, so the Sea Eagles were leading 18–0. In the fifty-seventh minute the Sea Eagles were again down in the Storm's half and on the last tackle decided to run the ball, which was kept alive and passed through seven sets of hands before going to a charging Brent Kite who stretched out of the tackle and slammed the ball down under the posts. Matai kicked the easy conversion and it was sea Eagles 24, Storm 0. Ten minutes later the Sea Eagles got another try when, from within the Storm's ten-metre line, they moved the ball out to David Williams on the right wing to dive over in the corner. The conversion attempt by Matai went wide so the Sea Eagles were leading 28–0. In the seventy-second minute the Sea Eagles ran the ball down toward the left corner with Robertson passing back in to Steve Menzies, who was playing in his 349th and final NRL match to crash over for a try, his 180th. Jamie Lyon took over the goal kicking and converted Menzies' try to give Manly a 34–0 lead. However, the finale was to come at the seventy-five-minute mark when from their forty-metre line, Sea Eagles second rower Glenn Hall burst into open space, passing back inside for Brett Stewart who was running through in support. Stewart was chased down just short of the try-line by Storm halfback Cooper Cronk, but he managed to flick the ball back without looking into the arms of Steven Bell to also get a try in his last game at the club. Jamie Lyon's simple conversion put the final score at 40–0.

Paragraph 38: Similar to the principle of parallel storage, retrieval of verbatim and gist traces also occur via dissociated pathways. According to the principle of dissociated retrieval, recollective and nonrecollective retrieval processes are independent of each other.  Consequently, this principle allows verbatim and gist processes to be differentially influenced by factors such as the type of retrieval cues and the availability of each form of representation. In connection with Tulving's encoding specificity principle, items that were actually presented in the past are better cues for verbatim traces than items that were not. Similarly, items that were not presented in the past but preserve the meaning of presented items are usually better cues for gist traces. Suppose, for example, that subjects of an experiment are presented with a word list containing several dog breeds, such as poodle, bulldog, greyhound, doberman, beagle, collie, boxer, mastif, husky, and terrier.  During a recognition test, the words poodle, spaniel, and chair are presented. According to the principle of dissociated retrieval, retrieval of verbatim and gist traces does not depend on each other and, therefore, different types of test probes might serve as better cues to one type of trace than another. In this example, test probes such as poodle (targets, or studied items) will be better retrieval cues for verbatim traces than gist, whereas test probes such as spaniel (related distractors, non-studied items but related to targets) will be better retrieval cues for gist traces than verbatim.  Chair, on the other hand, would neither be a better cue for verbatim traces nor for gist traces because it was not presented and is not related to dogs.  If verbatim and gist processes were dependent, then factors that affect one process would also affect the other in the same direction. However, several experiments showing, for example, differential forgetting rates between memory for the surface details and memory for the bottom-line meaning of past events  favor the notion of dissociated retrieval of verbatim and gist traces. In the case of forgetting rates, those experiments have shown that, over time, verbatim traces become inaccessible at a faster rate than gist traces. Brainerd, Reyna, and Kneer, for instance, found that delay drives true recognition rates (supported by both verbatim and gist traces) and false recognition rates (supported by gist and suppressed by verbatim traces) in opposite directions, namely true memory decays over time while false memory increases.

Paragraph 39: The CMLL crew took less than 15 minutes to set up the steel cage for the main event, which was fast for the type of cage that CMLL uses. After the cage was assembled the participants for the Infierno en el Ring match came to the ring, tecnicos first (Ángel de Oro, Ángel de Plata, Ángel Azteca Jr., Diamante, Fabián el Gitano and Sensei) followed by the rudos (Doctor X, Hooligan, Puma King, Tiger Kid, Monster and Histeria). Before the match it was announced that there would be a three-minute time limit where wrestlers were not allowed to escape the cage. Once the bell rings all 12 wrestlers began fighting, some pairing up against the wrestlers they had been feuding with for a while, Dr. X and Fabián el Gitano, Los Ángeles and Puma King and Tiger Kid. The theme of the match was "every man for himself", demonstrated by Hooligan as he was the first man to escape after the time limit expired, distracting his teammate Doctor X in order to escape the cage. Ángel de Oro and Ángel de Plata both climbed the cage at the same time, only to have Ángel de Plata pull his brother off the cage so he could escape himself. While the other wrestlers were preoccupied Monster saw an opening and climbed out of the cage, the third man to escape the match. Moments later Sensei becomes the fourth man to escape the cage, keeping his mask safe. The brother team of Puma King and Tiger Kid are the next to try to escape the cage, but like with the Ángel brothers Tiger Kid prevented his brother from escaping so that he could get out of the cage himself. Out next was Ángel Azteca Jr. who climbed over the cage to ensure he would not have to fight for his mask that night. Puma King and Ángel de Oro seemed to work together to escape the cage, only for Puma King to double cross Ángel de Oro so that Puma King could escape the cage. With Diamante's escape there are only four wrestlers left in the ring. Histeria quickly abandons fellow rudo Doctor X to escape the cage, saving his match for the second time in a week. In the cage Ángel de Oro accidentally hit Fabián el Gitano when he was trying to hit Doctor X. This gave the Doctor an opening to escape the cage, choosing to leave the cage instead of trying to punish his rival Fabián el Gitano further.

Paragraph 40: Soustelle’s first concern for the implementation of his plan was to inject funds into the Algerian economy for small improvement projects designed to have an immediate effect. After a short struggle with the finance ministry in Paris, an allocation of 4,300 million francs was obtained. Thereafter, Soustelle engaged in social-political reforms by sending out a circular, making it compulsory on all persons in authority to pursue a "policy of consideration and confidence". His intention was to eradicate the superiority complex which the European population had adopted in terms of discrimination and condescension towards the Arab-Algerian populace. Third, Soustelle took into consideration the agricultural situation of Algeria as this was the primary source of revenue for the country. However, there were several obstacles; erosion had claimed  per year. Furthermore, there was an overpopulation problem in Algeria; the Muslim population was growing at the alarming rate where production fell behind the birth rate dramatically. To meet the challenge of the countryside, Soustelle administered an agency with wide powers to acquire public and private land for redistribution to Muslim peasants and to secure land beneficiaries with the technical and financial assistance which could improve these new holdings. He also expanded the existing facilities such as the Provident Societies and Rural Improvement Sectors and also abolished the cultural phenomenon of khammessat, a sharecropping system under which the tenant got one fifth of the crop and the landowner four-fifths. As the cost of power in Algeria was 60% higher than in metropolitan France; Soustelle advocated lower costs of power which increased industrialization. He sought to amalgamate the Algerian Gas and Power Company with the nationalized Electricité de France or through a system of tax relief. Fourthly, Soustelle had concerns about the social structure of the country also. Only 29% of civil jobs were held by Muslims the rest were occupied by Europeans. To amend this anomaly, Soustelle instituted an Administration Training Center in Algiers, as a means of finding qualified Muslim candidates for suitable jobs. He also attempted, without success, to implement a system whereby qualified Muslims would be exempted from completing any competitive entry examination. Likewise, Soustelle was passionate about schools. He fought for funding to build 1,200 schools instead of the originally planned 600 schools. Faced with an overwhelming number of requests from teachers that wanted to leave the unsettled areas of Algeria, he hired supplementary teachers to keep the schools open. Likewise, he proposed to make the study of Arabic compulsory or at least optional in all schools. He also planned to envelop the country with social centers which would combat illiteracy, promote hygiene and encourage small crafts. Fifth, the administrative system needed several revisions. His goal was to reduce the large territory division into more manageable units and to bring administration closer to the people. He intended to create several departments to aid him. Soustelle proposed to divide the previous administrative townships into smaller rural townships each corresponding with their own natural community. Soustelle envisaged that the rural townships would remain under the subtle tutelage of the administration until they were ready to self-govern themselves. Finally to fill in the vacuum between the civil administrator and the dispersed inhabitants Soustelle set up 400 Specialized Administration Sections (S.A.S) to be manned by a new corps of Algerian Affairs officer. Amongst their many duties were to create a protective web for populations that might be subject to rebels or trammeled by the army or both.  

Paragraph 41:  (voiced by Makiko Ohmoto and Cathy Weseluck) is Professor Utonium's eight-year-old son who is somewhat responsible for turning regular girls into the titular Powerpuff Girls Z in Powerpuff Girls Z, and numerous other characters into villains using Chemical Z. He used it to blast a glacier in order to set the weather back to normal, but the impact resulted in the explosion of several lights, which affected all those who came in contact with it. Despite being younger than the girls, he acts a lot more mature and the education he receives from his father is considered more advanced than what the girls learn in their school, earning his PhD at an early age. Ken, in a later episode, attended school in order to gain social skills and make friends. While he considers grade school life boring, he has made several friends, including Jou, who was originally his rival and Kuriko who is Momoko's young sister. Ken sees the girls as older sisters and has to often put up with them, though he still cares for them deeply. Ken interchanges between calling Professor Utonium "Dad" and "Professor". During a serious situation (such as a monster attack or investigation) he will try to refer to Utonium as "Professor," but in less serious situations (like packing a lunch) he will call him "Dad." Ken often corrects himself, because he usually uses the wrong honorific (e.g. "Dad, I mean, Professor"). In the twenty-sixth episode, it is revealed that Ken's mother works on a space station, therefore making her very busy and unable to be with Ken. Thanks to the girls and Santa Claus (whom he believed did not exist at first based on a 70% possibility), he was able to see her and is now able to communicate with her clearly on the lab's monitor. In episode 37, when the Powerpuff Girls Z are "grounded" from using their powers for a day when they have to take a test in school, Ken fills in for them, donning a superhero suit consisting of a black bodysuit, a white cape, white gloves, white boots, a red vest with gold shoulder pads and a yellow "Z" on it, and a blue helmet with the yellow letters "KK" on it, while brandishing a blue polearm with a yellow "U" at the end, and calling himself "Kamikaze Ken Z". Despite having no powers or attacks, he uses traps and other props as weapons when he defends their lab from the Gangreen Gang, ultimately driving them off by tricking them into drinking bottles of hot sauce (thinking they were the containers of Chemical Z). Ken's pre-production art bears a strong resemblance to Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory, even the current incarnation. However, in one of the special edition booklets, it is explained the design originated from Kid Utonium from the original series.

Paragraph 42: After the fall of Vallabhi in 770, Kamalavati or Pushpavati, one of the wives of Maitraka king Shiladitya was at Ambaji to fulfil a vow. She heard news and took refuge in a cave in the mountains and there gave birth to a son called Gruhaditya or 'Goha' or cave-born. Making over the child to a Brahmin woman, the queen followed her husband through the fire. The young prince, of a daring character and adventurous spirit, soon passed out of his guardian's hands, and joining the Idar Bhils was by them chosen king. Whether in sport or earnest, the election was real, and for several generations his successors ruled in Idar. At last Nagaditya or Aparajita the eighth prince was killed by his subjects. He left a son named Bappa Rawal who never succeeded to his father's chiefship, but became the founder of Mewar dynasty. The Chinese pilgrim Xuanzang (640) mentions a place which he calls O-clia-li, the Chinese way of writing Vadali, a village nearby. British General Cunningham identified this place with Idar. He further noted that in the eleventh century Vadali or Vadari was the capital of a family of chiefs claiming descent from Raja Bhara Gupta, whom the General believed to be the same as the above-mentioned Bappa. According to tradition, Idar was refounded by Parihar Rajputs, who, subject to Chittor, ruled there for several generations. Towards the close of the twelfth century, the Idar chief took part with Prithviraj Chauhan, king of Delhi, against the Ghurid Sultanate and was killed in the Battles of Tarain (1192). Idar then fell into the hands of a Bhil king named Hathi Sord who founded the Sord Dynasty and was succeeded by his son Samalio Bhil. The latter was killed by a Rathod prince named Sonangji, who took occupied Idar, and became the founder of the dynasty of the Raos who

Paragraph 43: Physically, headcrabs are frail: a few bullets or a single strike from the player's melee weapon are sufficient to kill them. They are also relatively slow-moving, and their attacks inflict very little damage. However, they can leap long distances and heights. Headcrabs seek out larger human hosts, which are converted into zombie-like mutants that attack any living life form nearby. The converted humans are more resilient than an ordinary human would be and inherit the headcrab's resilience toward toxic and radioactive materials. Headcrabs and "headcrab zombies" can also catch fire. The games establish that while headcrabs are parasites that prey on humans, they are the prey of the creatures in their homeworld. Bullsquids, Vortigaunts, barnacles, and antlions eat headcrabs. Vortigaunts can be seen cooking them in several locations in-game.

Paragraph 44: The comedy team of Olsen and Johnson, whose Broadway revues were fast-paced collections of songs and blackouts, hired Joe Besser to join their company. Besser's noisy intrusions fit the Olsen & Johnson style perfectly, and Besser's work caught the attention of the Shubert brothers, who signed Besser to a theatrical contract. Columbia Pictures hired Besser away from the Shuberts, and Besser relocated to Hollywood in 1944, where he brought his comic character to feature-length musical comedies like Hey, Rookie and Eadie Was a Lady (1945). On May 9, 1946, Besser appeared on the pioneering NBC television program Hour Glass, performing his "Army Drill" routine with stage partner Jimmy Little. According to an article in the May 27, 1946, issue of Life magazine, the show was seen by about 20,000 people on about 3,500 television sets, mostly in the New York City area. During this period, he appeared on the Jack Benny radio program in the episode entitled "Jack Prepares For Carnegie Hall" in June, 1943. Besser also starred in short-subject comedies for Columbia from 1949 to 1956. By this point, his persona was sufficiently well known that he was frequently caricatured in Looney Tunes animated shorts of the era. He appeared in the action film The Desert Hawk (1950).

Paragraph 45: The map of islands in the Sargalo Sea in which you navigate your ship consists of a ring of islands around the perimeter of the screen.  Your ship starts out next to the island you just left (in the lower right of the screen) while the island of the evil wizard (your goal) is in the upper left.  You may land on other islands to stock up on food and resources but for the most part these islands are not fully explorable as the first one was, and serve only as places to stock up on supplies by displaying a few lines of text after you land (with one exception—see below). Navigation is a complex scheme, as you are at the mercy of wind and currents (and whether the vessel has any intact sails left) and you cannot navigate directly as you can in early Ultima titles.  You must set the sails in different directions in order to catch the wind, and raise and lower anchor to start and stop your ship. Hazards include running aground if the player weighs anchor too close to shore, being caught in a whirlpool which may destroy the ship or destroy its sails, scurvy among the crew, calm winds (which is harmless to the ship but prevents any progress until the winds start up again) and falling off the edge of the world if the ship gets too close to the edge of the map.

Paragraph 46: With little encouragement at home, Keats sought validation for his skills at school and learned about art at the public library. He received a medal for drawing on graduating from Junior High School 149. Although unimpressive-looking, the medal meant a great deal to him, and he kept it his entire life. Keats attended Thomas Jefferson High School, where he won a national contest run by Scholastic for an oil painting depicting hobos warming themselves around a fire. At his graduation, in January 1935, he was to receive the senior class medal for excellence in art. Two days before the ceremony, Benjamin Katz died in the street of a heart attack. When Keats identified his father's body, he later wrote, "I found myself staring deep into his secret feelings. There in his wallet were worn and tattered newspaper clippings of the notices of the awards I had won. My silent admirer and supplier, he had been torn between his dread of my leading a life of hardship and his real pride in my work."