Paragraph 1: Two branches on the line north of New Brunswick were built, one to Carteret and one towards Perth Amboy, both merging towards the north. The Carteret branch used shuttle operations, with a transfer at the junction with the mainline, but Perth Amboy trains ran all the way to Newark. On the Perth Amboy end, they used existing trackage from the end of private right-of-way along Woodbridge Avenue, East Avenue, Broad Street, private right-of-way south, west across West Avenue, and south along the east side of the CNJ line to the Woodbridge Creek bridge, then south on West Avenue and State Street, ending at Smith Street.

Paragraph 2: Benjamin Simonds’s military career began during the war called King George's War which started in 1744.  At the start of the war, Governor William Shirley of Massachusetts ordered that a line of forts be built from Colrain to the Dutch settlements,  the strongest and westernmost of which was called Fort Massachusetts. Begun in the summer of 1745 in East Hoosac or what is now Williamstown, Massachusetts, Fort Massachusetts was garrisoned by December of that year and Benjamin Simonds was at that time or the following year a part of that garrison.  On August 19, 1746, Fort Massachusetts was attacked by an army of French soldiers and their Indian allies and surrendered the following day because only eight of the garrison of twenty two men were in reasonable health, the remainder being sick. The French and Indians then took the members of the garrison captive to Fort Saint-Frédéric on Lake Champlain (modern day Crown Point, New York) then to Montreal on September 10 before reaching Quebec on September 15, 1746. On the first night after their capture, the party camped near the river at the spot where Simonds would eventually buy and build a house. The site is now known as the “River Bend Farm”. The journey to Quebec was later described by the fort’s chaplain, Rev. John Norris, and he mentions Benjamin Simonds, or “Brother Simon” as he called him, at several points in his narrative. Norton reported for August 22 that “the Indians also carry’d in their Canoes Br Simon & John Aldrich, and Perry’s Wife, down the River about ten Miles.” For August 23 he reported that “the French still carrying Smeed’s and Scot’s Wives and Children, the Indians finding Horses for Brothers Simon and John Aldrich.”   According to Nehemiah How who wrote another captivity narrative, Benjamin Simonds was one of the captives from Fort Massachusetts who arrived at the prison in Quebec on September 15, 1746.  Only nine of the soldiers captured at Fort Massachusetts returned home and Benjamin Simonds and John Aldrich, both sick in the hospital at Quebec, were the last to return in October 1747. According to his petition dated 12 December 1749, Benjamin Simonds, after his return from captivity, was “unable to Get Home till 14 days after, and was weak & low and unable for a whole month to provide for himself.” He was awarded £20, 9s. for his service. During the Seven Years' War, Benjamin Simonds was again stationed at Fort Massachusetts where he was listed serving as a private in a company commanded by Capt. Ephraim Williams from 14 October 1754 to 28 March 1755 and then again in a company commanded by Isaac Wyman from 29 March 1755 to 26 November 1755.

Paragraph 3: After consulting the Nechung Oracle about the proper escape route, the Dalai Lama and his staff put on disguises and slip out of Lhasa under cover of darkness. During an arduous journey, throughout which they are pursued by the Chinese, the Dalai Lama becomes very ill and experiences two personal visions, first that their trip to India will be propitious and that, similarly, their eventual return to Tibet will also be propitious. The group eventually makes it to a small mountain pass on the Indian border. As the Dalai Lama walks to the guard post, an Indian guard approaches him, salutes, and inquires: "Are you the Lord Buddha?" The Dalai Lama replies with the film's final line: "I think that I am a reflection, like the moon on water. When you see me, and I try to be a good man, you see yourself." Once the Dalai Lama arrives at his new residence, he unpacks his telescope and steps outside. Erecting it and removing his spectacles, he gazes through it toward the Himalayas–and toward Tibet. The film concludes with two lines printed on screen: "The Dalai Lama has not yet returned to Tibet. He hopes one day to make the journey." The words shimmer into a dissolve upon the black screen as the credits begin.

Paragraph 4: Morten Per Olsen (born 14 August 1949) is a Danish football manager and former player. He was the head coach of the Denmark national team for 15 years from 2000 until 2015, guiding Denmark to the 2002 FIFA World Cup, 2004 European Championship, 2010 FIFA World Cup and 2012 European Championship. He has also managed Brøndby IF to two Danish Superliga championships and Ajax to the Double of the 1998 Eredivisie championship and Dutch Cup trophy. He is one of only two persons ever in football, alongside Didier Deschamps, to achieve 100 national matches for his country both as player as well as coach.

Paragraph 5: Giardelli in 2021 after the good results obtained in 2020 signs for the Dinamic Motorsport team and it is announced that he will take part in the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy.  Giardelli makes his debut in the Italian GT Championship in May on the occasion of the first championship race at Autodromo Nazionale di Monza he always does it with the Dinamic Motorsport team in the GT CUP class Giardelli obtains excellent results during the weekend with both dry and wet track scoring the 2 place in qualifying 1 and the pole position in qualifying 2  instead in the respective two races he gets a second and a fourth place. Giardelli took part in the official pre season tests of the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Imola on May 18, obtaining the fifth fastest time of the day. He made his debut in the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli on the occasion of the first race of the 2021 championship, obtaining the fifth place in free practice, in qualifying he obtained the eighth place, in race 1 he recovered up to fifth place and in race two he obtained an excellent podium in third place at debut in the category resulting the best among the drivers of the Porsche Scholarship Program. In the second round of Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Mugello Circuit Giardelli starts the weekend well immediately, obtaining the best time in the official free practice on Friday, on Saturday he gets the 4th time in qualifying and in Race 1 he finished on the podium with the third place and gets the fastest lap, in Race 2 on Sunday he gets another podium finishing in second position, with these two podiums Giardelli confirms himself in 3 position in the championship and first of the drivers of the Porsche Scholarship Program, obtaining 3 podiums out of 4 races disputed in the series. Giardelli after the excellent results obtained in Porsche Carrera Cup Italy  is called to replace Simone Iaquinta who suffered an injury in Imola and in doing so makes his debut in the Porsche Supercup in Hungary on the same weekend of Formula 1. Giardelli makes a good race given the lack of knowledge of the track by the driver seen only for the first time in free practice and of the new 992 without ABS control but still gets a twentieth place in free practice, in qualifying he improves and closes 16th place with the first set of tires was in the top 10 but then due to the traffic he was unable to improve with the second set, in the race he makes an excellent comeback, finishing tenth on his debut in the Porsche Supercup.

Paragraph 6: He made eleven saves the following year in 88 innings pitched while having a career high in strikeouts (96). In 1979, he continued the trend with further improvement, collecting 22 saves (a career high) and a 1.78 ERA in 1979 – a season in which he posted a string of 40 consecutive innings without allowing an earned run (doing so from May 3 to July 14) and was named to the National League All-Star team; he pitched a career high 91 innings pitched while striking out 83 batters with 23 walks. In 1980, Sambito and the Astros would reach the postseason. He appeared in 64 games for 90 total innings pitched, which resulted in a 2.19 ERA and seventeen saves as he struck out 75 batters with 22 walks. While he did not make the All-Star team, he finished fifth in voting for the Cy Young Award. Sambito and the Astros reached the 1980 National League Championship Series against the Philadelphia Phillies with a chance to reach the World Series. Sambito appeared in three of the five games of the Series. In Game 2, he walked a batter and struck out a batter. In Game 4, with the Astros needing just one victory to win the Series, Sambito was sent out to pitch in a shaky eighth inning that saw him as the third pitcher used by the team (which saw a 2-0 lead turn into a tie). Sambito struck-out the first batter he saw before allowing a sacrifice fly by Manny Trillo that resulted in a 3-2 lead for Philadelphia at the end of the play and inning. He would pitch the ninth inning before Houston rallied to force the tenth inning. Sambito was sent out to pitch that inning; Greg Luzinski and Manny Trillo would each hit RBI doubles to give Philadelphia a 5-3 lead that they would hold on to tie the series at two. The next day, Sambito was sent out again in the eighth inning of a shaky situation. Houston had seen a 5-2 lead turn into 5-3 with the bases loaded and no out. Sambito faced Keith Moreland, which resulted in a groundout that scored a runner to make it 5-4. Sambito was replaced by Ken Forsch, who allowed three runs in the inning to make it 7-5 in a game Houston later lost 8-7.

Paragraph 7: LcrV, YopQ, YopE, YopT, YopH, YpkA, YopJ, YopM, and YadA are all secreted by the type-III secretory pathway.  LcrV inhibits neutrophil chemotaxis and cytokine production, allowing Y. pseudotuberculosis to form large colonies without inducing systemic failure and, with YopQ, contributes to the translocation process by bringing YopB and YopD to the eukaryotic cell membrane for pore-formation.  By causing actin filament depolymerisation, YopE, YopT, and YpkA resist endocytosis by intestinal cells and phagocytosis while giving cytotoxic changes in the host cell.  YopT targets Rho GTPase, commonly named "RhoA", and uncouples it from the membrane, leaving it in an inactive RhoA-GDI (guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor)-bound state whereas YopE and YpkA convert Rho proteins to their inactive GDP-bound states by expressing GTPase activity.  YpkA also catalyses serine autophosphorylation, so it may have regulatory functions in Yersinia or undermine host cell immune response signal cascades since YpkA is targeted to the cytoplasmic side of the host cell membrane.  YopH acts on host focal adhesion sites by dephosphorylating several phosphotyrosine residues on focal adhesion kinase (FAK) and the focal adhesion proteins paxillin and p130.  Since FAK phosphorylation is involved in uptake of yersiniae as well as T cell and B cell responses to antigen-binding, YopH elicits antiphagocytic and other anti-immune effects.  YopJ, which shares an operon with YpkA, "...interferes with the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase activities of c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), p38, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase", leading to macrophage apoptosis.  In addition, YopJ inhibits TNF-α release from many cell types, possibly through an inhibitory action on NF-κB, suppressing inflammation and the immune response.  By secretion through a type III pathway and localization in the nucleus by a vesicle-associated, microtubule-dependent method, YopM may alter host cell growth by binding to RSK (ribosomal S6 kinase), which regulates cell cycle regulation genes.  YadA has lost its adhesion, opsonisation-resisting, phagocytosis-resisting, and respiratory burst-resisting functions in Y. pseudotuberculosis due to a frameshift mutation by a single base-pair deletion in yadA in comparison to yadA in Y. enterocolitica, yet it still is secreted by type III secretion.  The yop genes, yadA, ylpA, and the virC operon are considered the "Yop regulon" since they are coregulated by pYV-encoded VirF.  virF is in turn thermoregulated.  At 37 degrees Celsius, chromosomally encoded Ymo, which regulates DNA supercoiling around the virF gene, changes conformation, allowing for virF expression, which then up-regulates the Yop regulon.

Paragraph 8: Chandavarkar's most important recent work is his introduction (2004) to One Hundred Years, One Hundred Voices: The Millworkers of Girangaon, Neera Adarkar and Meena Menon’s wonderful oral history of the Girangaon neighbourhood in Mumbai. This long essay proved to be far more than an ordinary introduction; it was an original work of research and a sweeping history of the working class in the city from the 1880s to the 1980s that may long remain the standard work on the subject. The essay focused primarily on the transformations of working class allegiances over time, from the height of trade union and Communist activity to the Samyukta Maharashtra and Shiv Sena movements to the Great Strike of 1982. Drawing upon the accounts provided by Adarkar and Menon, it offered a multifaceted explanation for these developments that addressed the rich popular culture of Girangaon, the role of capitalists, the appeals and strategies of different political parties and leaderships, and the workers' own actions and interests.  The essay also highlighted the increasing political impotence of workers after 1982.   It is probably the work that best reflects the evolution of Chandavarkar's scholarship in recent years.  However, several other publications were still in process at the time of his death, including a Modern Asian Studies special issue on labour history he was editing (in which he will have an individual contribution on the decline of jobbers in Mumbai) and a long essay on colonialism and democracy. In recent years, he had become increasingly interested in the larger history of Mumbai. Less than twenty-four hours before his death, he gave a brilliant paper on the city from the seventeenth century to the present in the conference at Dartmouth. Other writing, unfortunately, was probably not so far along, and we fear that much of Chandavarkar's voluminous research in many different areas may now go unpublished.

Paragraph 9: Hookahville is a semi-annual music festival featuring performances from many local and regional bands and usually hosted and headlined by əkoostik hookah.  Formerly located at Legend Valley in Thornville, Ohio or at Frontier Ranch in Kirkersville, Ohio, it was moved to Zane Shawnee Caverns in Bellefontaine, Ohio in 2017 where Hookahville 50 was held in September 2018 and was əkoostik hookah's reunion show with eh2.0. Hookahville 51 was held at Brushy Fork Phamily Ranch in Newark, OH in May 2019. Hookahville 52 was held at Clear Fork Adventure Resort in Butler, Ohio where eh2.0 returned for one more performance. Spring Hookahville is held the weekend before Memorial Day weekend; the end of summer version is held during Labor Day weekend. In November, 2020, an event was held online due to the COVID-19 pandemic but is not considered the official Hookahville 53 which was ultimately postponed until September of the following year.

Paragraph 10: Later after 1540 she gained a position in the household of Anne of Cleves, 4th wife of King Henry VIII from 6 January 1540 to 9 July 1540. However, she never achieved the coveted position of maid of honour, as did her sister Anne Basset, as Anne of Cleves' marriage to the king was soon annulled to facilitate his marriage to Catherine Howard. Katharine Basset was referred to thereafter simply as  "The Lady Anne of Cleves' woman". Anne resided at Hever Castle, the old family seat of the Boleyn family. The pursuit of a place at court for Katharine is well documented in the Lisle Papers. In 1539 Katherine wrote to her mother: "...Madame, the cause of my writing to your ladyship is that we hear say that the King's grace shall be married and my lord and my lady (i.e. Rutland) as yet doth hear no word of their coming up to London. Wherefore I desire your ladyship that ye will be so good lady and mother unto me as to speak so that I may be one of the queen's maids..." (signed "Katherin Bassitt") Her mother took the opportunity of making the request via John Norris, brother of Henry Norris. On her way to England Queen Anne of Cleves in December 1539 had an enforced stay at Calais, and Lord Lisle used his influence as Lord Deputy of Calais, on behalf of his step-daughter Katharine, to speak to the vice-chancellor of the Duchy of Cleves, Henry Olisleger, who wrote to Lord Lisle on 6 January 1540 with disappointing news as follows:"My lord, very sorry at heart I am to advertise you that with the knowledge and goodwill of the Queen's Grace I have spoken with the king our master and also with my Lord Privy Seal (i.e. Thomas Cromwell) and the other gentlemen of the council to have Mistress Katharine, your wife's daughter, to be of the privy chamber with the queen; to the which I have had answer made me that the ladies and gentlewomen of the privy chamber were appointed before her grace's coming and that for this time patience must be had". On 17 February 1540 Lady Rutland wrote more positively to Lady Lisle: "My very good lady...And where ye be very desirous to have your daughter Mistress Basset to be one of the Queen's Grace's maids, and that ye would I should move her Grace in that behalf. These shall be to do your ladyship: to wit that I perceive right well the King's Highness' pleasure to be such that no more maids shall be taken in until such time as some of them that now be with the Queen's Grace be preferred. Albeit if ye will make some means unto Mother Lowe, who can do as much good in this matter as any one woman here, that she may make some means to get your said daughter with the Queen's said Grace; and in so doing I think ye shall obtain your purpose in every behalf and I for my part shall do the best I can to prefer her here for I would be right glad thereof both for the great honesty that is in her".

Paragraph 11: The two brothers lived together until Eli's departure in 2010, along with Lizzie Lakely (Kitty McGeever), a blind woman who Marlon befriended. Lizzie upset Marlon when she preyed on his gullibility by pretending to be a psychic, causing Marlon to spend a fortune on phone bills pouring his heart out to her. He got his revenge by tricking her into paying back his money. His life was going smoothly until Moira Barton (Natalie J. Robb) began to work in The Woolpack. Marlon had a previous confrontation with Moira when she criticised his cooking. The two argued furiously at work as Marlon felt that she was invading his domain and finding fault with his food on purpose. It reached boiling point and Moira quit, which led to an angry Diane giving Marlon the cold-shoulder until he apologised. Marlon did so and Moira returned to work, as Marlon explained that since Donna left him, his job was the one area in his life where he felt in control and Moira had threatened that. They reached an understanding and became friends. When Marlon received a letter from Donna, saying that she had met someone else and wanted him to file for divorce, a devastated Marlon found himself turning to Moira as a shoulder to cry on. Because of this, he developed romantic feelings for her and convinced himself that she felt the same way. Going against Paddy's advice, Marlon finally confessed to Moira that he thought he was falling in love with her, leaving her shocked. She let him down and Marlon was left feeling humiliated. After a long heart-to-heart, she convinced him that she was flattered and that he would one day meet the right woman. Alongside this, Marlon also took in Charity and her young son, Noah (Jack Downham) after the family turned against her for trying to steal Cain's money. When Zak and Cain found out, they were angry and Cain punched Marlon in the stomach.

Paragraph 12: North of Highway9, the route curved  to the east, then continued north, parallel to Highway400. It followed the townline between Tecumseth and West Gwillimbury townships. It travelled through the village of Bond Head and thereafter met Highway 89 in Cookstown. As the highway approached Barrie, it curved and followed Essa Road northeast until it met Highway400. Through Barrie, it was concurrent with Highway400 between Exit94 and Exit98, after which it was concurrent with Highway 26 along Bayfield Street, travelling north and exiting the city. At Midhurst, Highway27 diverged from its concurrency to continue north, parallel to and  west of Highway 400. After passing through the village of Elmvale and the end of Highway 92, the highway abruptly turned to the east to a junction with Highway 93 in the community of Waverley, which assumed the section north of here in the 1980s. Continuing north again, the highway meandered towards Georgian Bay, departing from the old Penetanguishene Road at Mertz's Corner. The route curved around the western side of a large marsh before entering the community of Wyebridge, where it crossed the Wye River. Several kilometres north of Wyebridge, Highway27 met Highway 12 on the outskirts of Midland. It then rejoined Penetanguishene Road and continued north into Penetanguishene, ending at the shoreline of Penetanguishene Harbour.

Paragraph 13: In Sycamore, SR 32 splits off to the east-northeast and immediately meets the eastern terminus of SR 32 Conn. Just to the east is an interchange with Interstate 75 (I-75). Then, it passes Pleasant Hill Cemetery and curves to the east. After that, it passes Bethel Cemetery and curves again to the southeast. Later on, it curves to the east-northeast and enters Irwin County a short distance later. SR 32 curves to the northeast and begins a concurrency with SR 125 (Waterloo Highway). The two highways head northeast over the Alapaha River, pass Burton Lake, Oak Grove Cemetery, and Brown Lake, before traveling through Irwinville. At Hogan Lake, SR 32 departs to the southeast and enters Ocilla. In the western part of the city, it intersects US 319/SR 35. The three highways travel concurrently into the main part of the city. They have an intersection with US 129/SR 11/SR 90 (Irwin Avenue). At this intersection, SR 35 reaches its northern terminus, while US 319 turns left onto US 129/SR 11/SR 90, and SR 32 continues to the east. Along its routing, it crosses over the Willacoochee River, curves to the east-southeast, and enters Coffee County. South-southwest of Ambrose, the highway has an intersection with both the northern terminus of SR 149 and the southern terminus of SR 268. SR 32 continues to the southeast, traveling through rural areas of the county and enters Douglas. There, it intersects SR 206 (Bowens Mill Road). Then, it intersects US 441/SR 31 in the main part of the city. Just before leaving Douglas, it intersects US 221/SR 135 (Bowens Mill Road SE). About  later, the highway passes General Coffee State Park and crosses over 17 Mile River. It travels through Nicholls and curves to the northeast into Bacon County. The highway heads northeast and curves to the east to enter Alma. There, it intersects SR 4 Alt. (Dixon Street). A few blocks later, in the main part of town, it intersects US 1/SR 4 (Pierce Street). The highway travels one block north of Rose Hill Cemetery. It travels to the east and curves to the southeast just before intersecting SR 203 in New Lacy. The two highways have a very brief concurrency to the southeast. Continuing southeast, it enters Pierce County. SR 32 travels through Mershon and enters Bristol, where it intersects SR 15/SR 121. Farther to the southeast, in Patterson, is an intersection with US 84/SR 38. The highway crosses over the Little Satilla River into Brantley County. In Hortense, it intersects US 301/SR 23, then proceeds to Needmore, where it meets the northern terminus of SR 110. It curves to the southeast and enters Glynn County. In Anguilla, it begins a concurrency with SR 99. The two highways curve to the northeast, curve back to the east, and enter Sterling. There, they intersect US 25/US 341/SR 27. At this intersection, SR 32 meets its eastern terminus, while SR 99 continues to the east.

Paragraph 14: Export of waste to countries with lower environmental standards is a major concern.  The Basel Convention includes hazardous wastes such as, but not limited to, CRT screens as an item that may not be exported transcontinentally without prior consent of both the country exporting and receiving the waste.  Companies may find it cost-effective in the short term to sell outdated computers to less developed countries with lax regulations. It is commonly believed that a majority of surplus laptops are routed to developing nations. The high value of working and reusable laptops, computers, and components (e.g. RAM) can help pay the cost of transportation for many worthless commodities. Laws governing the exportation of waste electronics are put in place to govern recycling companies in developed countries which ship waste to Third World countries. However, concerns about the impact of e-recycling on human health, the health of recycling workers and environmental degradation remain. For example, due to the lack of strict regulations in developing countries, sometimes workers smash old products, propelling toxins on to the ground, contaminating the soil and putting those who do not wear shoes in danger. Other procedures include burning away wire insulation and acid baths to resell circuit boards. These methods pose environmental and health hazards, as toxins are released into the air and acid bath residue can enter the water supply.

Paragraph 15: In June 1941 the British government, seeking to take advantage of the US Lend-Lease program, asked the United States to design, build and supply an escort vessel that was suitable for anti-submarine warfare in deep open ocean situations. The requested particulars were a length of , a speed of , a dual purpose main armament and an open bridge. The United States Navy had been looking into the feasibility of such a vessel since 1939, and Captain E. L. Cochrane of the US Navy's Bureau of Ships – who, during his visit to the United Kingdom in 1940, had looked at Royal Navy corvettes and s – had come up with a design for such a vessel. This design anticipated a need for large numbers of this type of vessel, and had sought to remove the major production bottleneck for such vessels: the double helical reduction gearing required for the steam turbine machinery of destroyers. The production of reduction gears could not be easily increased, as the precision machinery required for their construction alone took over a year to produce. Therefore, a readily-available and proven layout of diesel-electric machinery, also used on submarines, was adopted. When the United Kingdom made its request, Admiral Stark of the US Navy decided to put these plans into motion and recommended that the British order be approved. Gibbs and Cox, the marine architects charged with creating working plans, had to make several alterations to the production methods and to Captain Cochrane's original design, most notably dropping another production bottleneck – the 5-inch/38-caliber gun – and replacing it with the 3-inch/50-caliber gun, which allowed adding a superfiring third gun (at the "B" position, forward); also, the original design specified eight engines for  but other priority programs forced the use of only four with a consequent shortening of the hull and reduction of the ship's maximum speed by an estimated .  The design had relatively light armour with for example the steel plate used on the Buckleys ranging from 1/2 inch to 7/16 inch with 1/4 inch plate being used for the majority of the hull and deck plating.

Paragraph 16: In the season three premiere, it is revealed that Cassandra is the biological daughter of Mother Gothel (which would technically make Rapunzel her stepsister), having presumably been unintended. Cass openly showed love and devotion to her despite clearly not getting any love in return. On the night that Rapunzel was kidnapped by Gothel, she is abandoned, but then found by the Captain, who promises to look after her. While Gothel pretended to love Cassandra but really considered her a "lousy pest", the Captain did love her for real. In the present, she escapes Rapunzel in the hopes of finding her own destiny. She is accompanied by the spirit of a little girl who has sinister plans for her. Cass encounters the Captain and criticizes him for lying to her this whole time. She soon crashes Eugene's birthday party and demands the scroll. A reformed Varian destroys his translation key, but he is abducted after he reveals that he memorized it. Despite his pleas about becoming a villain, Cass refuses to listen so she ultimately traps him inside a cage then she sends the caged Varian outside on a precipice at the top of the tower to hang helplessly when she fights Rapunzel. Their combined powers causes the Enchanted Girl to regain her physical form. Afterwards, Cass and the Enchanted Girl break into the Spire and steal the Mind Trap to take control of the members of the Brotherhood from the Dark Kingdom. Cass reencounters Rapunzel after they hear of Mother Gothel's ghost haunting the old house. While it seems that the two of them will make up, Cass is convinced that Mother Gothel truly loved her and once again abandons Rapunzel. She later learns the truth and discovers that the Enchanted Girl is the evil demon sorceress Zhan Tiri. Disguising herself as Rapunzel's new handmaiden that is named Faith, Cass attempts to make amends with Rapunzel. However, upon being outed and realizing how everyone sees her, Cass turns on all of Corona and takes over the kingdom, forcing everyone out. Cass and Rapunzel face off again with Zhan Tiri taking advantage and removing both of their powers. Realizing where they have gone, Cass and Rapunzel finally make up with Cass using a small piece of the Moonstone to empower Rapunzel long enough for them to defeat Zhan Tiri once and for all. Cass finally makes amends with everyone, including her adopted father (whom she apparently accepts as her true parent), and bids Rapunzel farewell, now traveling the world to look for a new destiny.

Paragraph 17: Following changes of recent times in education, India through it's NEP 2020 project plans to provide cost-effective access to higher education (post-secondary) to everyone interested through National Digital University, an Online University that works by hub-and-spoke model. This provides youth education at their fingertips, an opportunity to study in their own pace and time, and an opportunity to employees of all ages for horizontal and vertical job mobility through reskilling and upskilling with it's unique entry and exit points that is not possible through traditional offline higher education. This helps the country in attracting global talent, connections, and transforming India's educational system into an economic engine for national growth. Several international institutes in Asia have also reached out to India offering their courses through the platform. Through this innovative venture, India government provides an opportunity to domestic and international students alike in earning a degree certificate through India's National Digital University (NDU), and India government plans to make India a global leader that can provide affordable and quality higher education. A student who takes 50 percent of courses through a particular stakeholder University (India only), can opt for getting that University's degree certificate or NDU's. However, national and international equivalency of these degree certificate's would be same. Only select universities and institutions that could meet high standards and quality delivery of subjects would be allowed to offer courses or a full-fledged program through the platform, these programs and courses will be audited and certified in regular intervals by academicians and professors of practice for its communicability, content structure and relevance, course's standalone capability and required pre-requiste's to successfully engage with the subject, suggestive post- requiste's linkage per global trends, inclusivity of all kinds of learners, ROI of courses, ensuring global standards like in terns of syllabi, and ensuring best scientific practices in areas like content delivery e.g. chunking, examining in parts and as finals, solving case projects based on real world scenarios using course knowledge, and pass percentage requirement for progression to next courses. National Digital University is expected to start in July 2023 and have started requesting program and course proposals from all the Indian college's and universities. The LMS platform is build by support of top educational agencies and industries that are interested in building or already have a corporate academy, and the government plans to integrate virtual assistants with ChatGPT like features to build an interactive learning experience, course related peer learning chatrooms, national and international webinars, mobile optimisation of course pages and features, and wide opportunities for stakeholder industries to offer apprenticeship to students that meet their requirements into the platform.

Paragraph 18: He made eleven saves the following year in 88 innings pitched while having a career high in strikeouts (96). In 1979, he continued the trend with further improvement, collecting 22 saves (a career high) and a 1.78 ERA in 1979 – a season in which he posted a string of 40 consecutive innings without allowing an earned run (doing so from May 3 to July 14) and was named to the National League All-Star team; he pitched a career high 91 innings pitched while striking out 83 batters with 23 walks. In 1980, Sambito and the Astros would reach the postseason. He appeared in 64 games for 90 total innings pitched, which resulted in a 2.19 ERA and seventeen saves as he struck out 75 batters with 22 walks. While he did not make the All-Star team, he finished fifth in voting for the Cy Young Award. Sambito and the Astros reached the 1980 National League Championship Series against the Philadelphia Phillies with a chance to reach the World Series. Sambito appeared in three of the five games of the Series. In Game 2, he walked a batter and struck out a batter. In Game 4, with the Astros needing just one victory to win the Series, Sambito was sent out to pitch in a shaky eighth inning that saw him as the third pitcher used by the team (which saw a 2-0 lead turn into a tie). Sambito struck-out the first batter he saw before allowing a sacrifice fly by Manny Trillo that resulted in a 3-2 lead for Philadelphia at the end of the play and inning. He would pitch the ninth inning before Houston rallied to force the tenth inning. Sambito was sent out to pitch that inning; Greg Luzinski and Manny Trillo would each hit RBI doubles to give Philadelphia a 5-3 lead that they would hold on to tie the series at two. The next day, Sambito was sent out again in the eighth inning of a shaky situation. Houston had seen a 5-2 lead turn into 5-3 with the bases loaded and no out. Sambito faced Keith Moreland, which resulted in a groundout that scored a runner to make it 5-4. Sambito was replaced by Ken Forsch, who allowed three runs in the inning to make it 7-5 in a game Houston later lost 8-7.

Paragraph 19: In the season three premiere, it is revealed that Cassandra is the biological daughter of Mother Gothel (which would technically make Rapunzel her stepsister), having presumably been unintended. Cass openly showed love and devotion to her despite clearly not getting any love in return. On the night that Rapunzel was kidnapped by Gothel, she is abandoned, but then found by the Captain, who promises to look after her. While Gothel pretended to love Cassandra but really considered her a "lousy pest", the Captain did love her for real. In the present, she escapes Rapunzel in the hopes of finding her own destiny. She is accompanied by the spirit of a little girl who has sinister plans for her. Cass encounters the Captain and criticizes him for lying to her this whole time. She soon crashes Eugene's birthday party and demands the scroll. A reformed Varian destroys his translation key, but he is abducted after he reveals that he memorized it. Despite his pleas about becoming a villain, Cass refuses to listen so she ultimately traps him inside a cage then she sends the caged Varian outside on a precipice at the top of the tower to hang helplessly when she fights Rapunzel. Their combined powers causes the Enchanted Girl to regain her physical form. Afterwards, Cass and the Enchanted Girl break into the Spire and steal the Mind Trap to take control of the members of the Brotherhood from the Dark Kingdom. Cass reencounters Rapunzel after they hear of Mother Gothel's ghost haunting the old house. While it seems that the two of them will make up, Cass is convinced that Mother Gothel truly loved her and once again abandons Rapunzel. She later learns the truth and discovers that the Enchanted Girl is the evil demon sorceress Zhan Tiri. Disguising herself as Rapunzel's new handmaiden that is named Faith, Cass attempts to make amends with Rapunzel. However, upon being outed and realizing how everyone sees her, Cass turns on all of Corona and takes over the kingdom, forcing everyone out. Cass and Rapunzel face off again with Zhan Tiri taking advantage and removing both of their powers. Realizing where they have gone, Cass and Rapunzel finally make up with Cass using a small piece of the Moonstone to empower Rapunzel long enough for them to defeat Zhan Tiri once and for all. Cass finally makes amends with everyone, including her adopted father (whom she apparently accepts as her true parent), and bids Rapunzel farewell, now traveling the world to look for a new destiny.

Paragraph 20: In the season three premiere, it is revealed that Cassandra is the biological daughter of Mother Gothel (which would technically make Rapunzel her stepsister), having presumably been unintended. Cass openly showed love and devotion to her despite clearly not getting any love in return. On the night that Rapunzel was kidnapped by Gothel, she is abandoned, but then found by the Captain, who promises to look after her. While Gothel pretended to love Cassandra but really considered her a "lousy pest", the Captain did love her for real. In the present, she escapes Rapunzel in the hopes of finding her own destiny. She is accompanied by the spirit of a little girl who has sinister plans for her. Cass encounters the Captain and criticizes him for lying to her this whole time. She soon crashes Eugene's birthday party and demands the scroll. A reformed Varian destroys his translation key, but he is abducted after he reveals that he memorized it. Despite his pleas about becoming a villain, Cass refuses to listen so she ultimately traps him inside a cage then she sends the caged Varian outside on a precipice at the top of the tower to hang helplessly when she fights Rapunzel. Their combined powers causes the Enchanted Girl to regain her physical form. Afterwards, Cass and the Enchanted Girl break into the Spire and steal the Mind Trap to take control of the members of the Brotherhood from the Dark Kingdom. Cass reencounters Rapunzel after they hear of Mother Gothel's ghost haunting the old house. While it seems that the two of them will make up, Cass is convinced that Mother Gothel truly loved her and once again abandons Rapunzel. She later learns the truth and discovers that the Enchanted Girl is the evil demon sorceress Zhan Tiri. Disguising herself as Rapunzel's new handmaiden that is named Faith, Cass attempts to make amends with Rapunzel. However, upon being outed and realizing how everyone sees her, Cass turns on all of Corona and takes over the kingdom, forcing everyone out. Cass and Rapunzel face off again with Zhan Tiri taking advantage and removing both of their powers. Realizing where they have gone, Cass and Rapunzel finally make up with Cass using a small piece of the Moonstone to empower Rapunzel long enough for them to defeat Zhan Tiri once and for all. Cass finally makes amends with everyone, including her adopted father (whom she apparently accepts as her true parent), and bids Rapunzel farewell, now traveling the world to look for a new destiny.

Paragraph 21: Detective Harrison Chase joins the PCPD, becoming Dante Falconeri's (Dominic Zamprogna) new partner after Dante's former partner, Nathan West (Ryan Paevey), is killed. Chase does his best to prove himself on the police force and get to know Dante, still grieving Nathan. Chase ends up running into his older half-brother, Hamilton Finn (Michael Easton), whom he has not spoken to in years. Though Finn is initially cold and distant towards Chase, the two brothers eventually form a bond and become close. Chase runs into Nelle Benson (Chloe Lanier), whom he investigated previously for her fiancé's death. Nelle seduced him so she wouldn't be charged, and Chase got written up for misconduct. He was fired and nearly had to give up his police career. Chase knows Nelle reported him, and promises to keep an eye on her after finding out she is involved with Michael Corinthos (Chad Duell), a wealthy heir. Michael and Chase team up to arrest Nelle after she sets up Michael's mother, Carly (Laura Wright), to make her look insane. They catch Nelle in the act, and she is sent to prison. Chase becomes attracted to Willow Tait (Katelyn MacMullen), a school teacher, and the two eventually start dating. Chase tries to help Willow when she is threatened by Shiloh (CMcLaughlin), a cult leader whose group, Dawn of Day, Willow was once a part of. Willow was drugged and raped by Shiloh, becoming pregnant, and gave up her son for adoption to protect him from Shiloh. Shiloh finds out, and demands Willow tell him where their son is, taking her to court. Willow refuses, and gets sent to jail. Chase is frustrated at the system failing Willow, and considers resigning. Fortunately, Shiloh's numerous crimes are exposed, and he is sent to prison while Willow is released, and her son is kept safe. The truth eventually comes out that Wiley, Willow's son who was adopted by Lucas Jones (Ryan Carnes) and Brad Cooper (Parry Shen), is actually Michael and Nelle's son, and Willow's son died after he was born. Chase helps Michael rescue Wiley from Nelle when she tries to kidnap him, and later comforts Willow after she finds out about her son's death. Nelle sued Michael for custody, and his lawyer, Diane Miller (Carolyn Hennesy), thought Michael getting married would strengthen his case for custody. She suggested he marry Willow, but Willow refused, being in a relationship with Chase. Unwilling to let Nelle win custody of Wiley, Chase pretended to have an affair with Sasha Gilmore (Sofia Mattsson), Michael's girlfriend. Willow was hurt, and agreed to marry Michael, who won custody of Wiley. Chase was depressed over losing Willow, as Sasha was over Michael. Eventually, Sasha nearly died from a drug overdose, and Chase came clean to Willow about his and Sasha's scheme to stage an affair so Michael would win custody of Wiley. Willow is shocked, but forgives Chase, and the two start to rebuild their relationship. Chase is thrilled when his mother, Jackie Templeton (Kim Delaney), comes to town, but sad when she reveals that she is divorcing his father, Gregory (Gregory Harrison). Chase learns that before Jackie married Gregory, she had a one-night stand with Finn, and Chase could possibly be Finn's son. This is proven true with a DNA test, but Chase refuses to accept Finn as a father, and assures Gregory he will always love him. Chase is hospitalized after mysteriously collapsing. He had been poisoned by Peter August (Wes Ramsey), whose target was actually Finn. Finn desperately worked to find a cure for Chase, but when his cure only made Chase worse, he was forced to admit that Chase was dying. Chase asked Willow to marry him as his last wish, and she accepted. They married in the hospital chapel, and Chase flatlined soon after. Finn revived him, though, and was able to administer a cure that revived Chase and helped him recover. In the process, Finn figured out that Gregory was really Chase's father, because the original DNA test had been tampered with by Cyrus Renault (Jeff Kober).

Paragraph 22: Giardelli in 2021 after the good results obtained in 2020 signs for the Dinamic Motorsport team and it is announced that he will take part in the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy.  Giardelli makes his debut in the Italian GT Championship in May on the occasion of the first championship race at Autodromo Nazionale di Monza he always does it with the Dinamic Motorsport team in the GT CUP class Giardelli obtains excellent results during the weekend with both dry and wet track scoring the 2 place in qualifying 1 and the pole position in qualifying 2  instead in the respective two races he gets a second and a fourth place. Giardelli took part in the official pre season tests of the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Imola on May 18, obtaining the fifth fastest time of the day. He made his debut in the Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli on the occasion of the first race of the 2021 championship, obtaining the fifth place in free practice, in qualifying he obtained the eighth place, in race 1 he recovered up to fifth place and in race two he obtained an excellent podium in third place at debut in the category resulting the best among the drivers of the Porsche Scholarship Program. In the second round of Porsche Carrera Cup Italy in Mugello Circuit Giardelli starts the weekend well immediately, obtaining the best time in the official free practice on Friday, on Saturday he gets the 4th time in qualifying and in Race 1 he finished on the podium with the third place and gets the fastest lap, in Race 2 on Sunday he gets another podium finishing in second position, with these two podiums Giardelli confirms himself in 3 position in the championship and first of the drivers of the Porsche Scholarship Program, obtaining 3 podiums out of 4 races disputed in the series. Giardelli after the excellent results obtained in Porsche Carrera Cup Italy  is called to replace Simone Iaquinta who suffered an injury in Imola and in doing so makes his debut in the Porsche Supercup in Hungary on the same weekend of Formula 1. Giardelli makes a good race given the lack of knowledge of the track by the driver seen only for the first time in free practice and of the new 992 without ABS control but still gets a twentieth place in free practice, in qualifying he improves and closes 16th place with the first set of tires was in the top 10 but then due to the traffic he was unable to improve with the second set, in the race he makes an excellent comeback, finishing tenth on his debut in the Porsche Supercup.

Paragraph 23: Two branches on the line north of New Brunswick were built, one to Carteret and one towards Perth Amboy, both merging towards the north. The Carteret branch used shuttle operations, with a transfer at the junction with the mainline, but Perth Amboy trains ran all the way to Newark. On the Perth Amboy end, they used existing trackage from the end of private right-of-way along Woodbridge Avenue, East Avenue, Broad Street, private right-of-way south, west across West Avenue, and south along the east side of the CNJ line to the Woodbridge Creek bridge, then south on West Avenue and State Street, ending at Smith Street.

Paragraph 24: In the season three premiere, it is revealed that Cassandra is the biological daughter of Mother Gothel (which would technically make Rapunzel her stepsister), having presumably been unintended. Cass openly showed love and devotion to her despite clearly not getting any love in return. On the night that Rapunzel was kidnapped by Gothel, she is abandoned, but then found by the Captain, who promises to look after her. While Gothel pretended to love Cassandra but really considered her a "lousy pest", the Captain did love her for real. In the present, she escapes Rapunzel in the hopes of finding her own destiny. She is accompanied by the spirit of a little girl who has sinister plans for her. Cass encounters the Captain and criticizes him for lying to her this whole time. She soon crashes Eugene's birthday party and demands the scroll. A reformed Varian destroys his translation key, but he is abducted after he reveals that he memorized it. Despite his pleas about becoming a villain, Cass refuses to listen so she ultimately traps him inside a cage then she sends the caged Varian outside on a precipice at the top of the tower to hang helplessly when she fights Rapunzel. Their combined powers causes the Enchanted Girl to regain her physical form. Afterwards, Cass and the Enchanted Girl break into the Spire and steal the Mind Trap to take control of the members of the Brotherhood from the Dark Kingdom. Cass reencounters Rapunzel after they hear of Mother Gothel's ghost haunting the old house. While it seems that the two of them will make up, Cass is convinced that Mother Gothel truly loved her and once again abandons Rapunzel. She later learns the truth and discovers that the Enchanted Girl is the evil demon sorceress Zhan Tiri. Disguising herself as Rapunzel's new handmaiden that is named Faith, Cass attempts to make amends with Rapunzel. However, upon being outed and realizing how everyone sees her, Cass turns on all of Corona and takes over the kingdom, forcing everyone out. Cass and Rapunzel face off again with Zhan Tiri taking advantage and removing both of their powers. Realizing where they have gone, Cass and Rapunzel finally make up with Cass using a small piece of the Moonstone to empower Rapunzel long enough for them to defeat Zhan Tiri once and for all. Cass finally makes amends with everyone, including her adopted father (whom she apparently accepts as her true parent), and bids Rapunzel farewell, now traveling the world to look for a new destiny.

Paragraph 25: Crokes won the Dublin championship in 2004.  Crokes were nearly disqualified from the 2005 championship due to confusion over the eligibility of player Mark Vaughan. Crokes had defeated 2003 champions, St Brigid's, it was claimed that Mark Vaughan was ineligible for the tie. Crokes claimed that they had received prior approval that Vaughan could play from the Dublin county board, who said the Dublin Championships and The Leinster Championships were different competitions. The Leinster council overruled the Dublin county board. St Brigid's offered Crokes a replay under one condition, that Vaughan could not play. He scored six points in Crokes' original one-point victory over Brigid's. He had received the red card that caused the ban in the previous years defeat to Portlaoise. The DRA eventually awarded Crokes the match after agreeing that the two competitions were different. By this time Crokes' side of the draw was three games behind the other side of the draw. Kilmacud went on to win the 2005 Dublin Championship following a comprehensive 1–14 to 0–09 victory over Na Fianna and added to their success by winning the Leinster Championship following a 0–10 to 0–09 victory over Newbridge at Navan. Crokes were defeated in the All-Ireland semi-final by Salthill-Knocknacarra on a scoreline of 1–09 to 1–07. Mark Vaughan was shown a straight red card, having already been on a yellow, for striking a Salthill player. In 2006 and 2007, Crokes narrowly lost out in the semi-final stage of the Dublin championship. They lost to UCD and St Vincents, respectively. On 27 October 2008, Kilmacud won their sixth Dublin Senior Football Championship at Parnell Park. On 7 December 2008 Kilmacud won the Leinster Senior Football Championship for the third time, beating Rhode of Offaly by a scoreline of 2–07 to 1–07. They ensured their place in the All-Ireland final with a two-goal victory over Corofin of Galway on 21 February, and eventually defeated Crossmaglen Rangers of Armagh to win the final. Kilmacud also went on to win the Dublin Senior Championship with a victory over St Brigid's in 2010, before bowing out in the All-Ireland series to Crossmaglen Rangers at the semi-final stage.

Paragraph 26: Jimmy begins to neglect his girlfriend and studies as a result of his steroid use. When his girlfriend grows tired of neglect and announces she is leaving him, Jimmy flies into a steroid rage and savagely attacks his girlfriend and mother. Kyle repeatedly tries to talk Cartman out of his plans but is ignored. Soon, he was good at losing in all the events and never actually won a medal. At the closing ceremonies, the prizes are given by Mark McGwire, Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds. Jimmy sets multiple records and was named the 2004 games' "Special Olympian", winning the $1,000 prize in the process. Cartman, on the other hand, is so out-of-shape that his plan fails miserably when the more athletic disabled contestants beat him; he nevertheless wins a "spirit award"—consisting of a gift certificate for Shakey's Pizza for $50—for coming last. When he goes to collect the prize, Jimmy recognizes Cartman and is about to attack him, but Timmy intervenes, and Jimmy realises that he is just as much of a cheater himself. Jimmy confesses his drug use to the crowd and returns his medal, asking for his records to be cancelled and that people who use steroids are "pussies" (all the while the camera focuses on McGwire, Giambi, and Bonds during his speech). Jimmy bumps into McGuire, who said to him that he was good for himself for being honest. Cartman then claims to Stan and Kyle that he pretended to be handicapped in order for Jimmy to learn his lesson, but Stan and Kyle don't buy his lies; in anger, Cartman calls them "assholes" and tells them to "grow up."

Paragraph 27: In a Ukrainian tale collected by folklorist  from Khust with the title "Жена-поветруля" (Ukrainian: "Жона-повітруля"; English: "The Povetrulya Wife"), a minister's son named Joseph likes to hunt in the forest, and is pretty good at it. One night, he gets lost in the dark forest. He wanders off for a long time until he reaches a lake where twelve povitrulyas are bathing, their clothes strewn on the shore. The hunter hides the clothing of one of them. When they come out of the lake, eleven povitrulyas grab their clothes and fly off, leaving their twelfth member at the human's mercy. Joseph makes his way through the forest until he goes back to his father's house, the povitrulya just behind him. Joseph enters the house, locks the maiden's garments in a chest, and then takes the key himself. He marries the povitrulya and they have a son. Five years pass. One day, he leaves the key at home and goes with his parents to church. When he comes back, neither his wife nor his son is in the house. He goes to check on the chest, and sees it open, the garments nowhere to be seen. He then begins a quest for his wife: with the guidance of three wolves, he reaches two huts, one where his mother-in-law lives with the eleven povitrulyas, and another where his wife is. Joseph knocks on the old woman's hut, who angrily berates him and sets him tests: first, he is to identify his true wife from parade of povitrulyas; next, he is to build a spinning house on duck feet and legs for his mother-in-law, with a crystal bridge connecting the house to her old hut. After he fulfills the tasks, his povitrulya wife tells him they will escape that night with their son. She uses a magic ring to undo the house and the bridge and flees with her human husband in a Magical Flight sequence: he turns into a lake, she into a goose and their son into a gosling. Her mother comes to the lake and tries to trick her daughter and grandson, but the povitrulya remains steadfast and the old woman flies back home. Soon after, they change back and Joseph leaves his wife and son on the outskirts of the village, while he goes to gather the people. The man, however, forgets his povitrulya wife and, sometime later, is set to be married to another woman. The povitrulya maiden manages to go to the wedding and recalls his memory.

Paragraph 28: In June 1941 the British government, seeking to take advantage of the US Lend-Lease program, asked the United States to design, build and supply an escort vessel that was suitable for anti-submarine warfare in deep open ocean situations. The requested particulars were a length of , a speed of , a dual purpose main armament and an open bridge. The United States Navy had been looking into the feasibility of such a vessel since 1939, and Captain E. L. Cochrane of the US Navy's Bureau of Ships – who, during his visit to the United Kingdom in 1940, had looked at Royal Navy corvettes and s – had come up with a design for such a vessel. This design anticipated a need for large numbers of this type of vessel, and had sought to remove the major production bottleneck for such vessels: the double helical reduction gearing required for the steam turbine machinery of destroyers. The production of reduction gears could not be easily increased, as the precision machinery required for their construction alone took over a year to produce. Therefore, a readily-available and proven layout of diesel-electric machinery, also used on submarines, was adopted. When the United Kingdom made its request, Admiral Stark of the US Navy decided to put these plans into motion and recommended that the British order be approved. Gibbs and Cox, the marine architects charged with creating working plans, had to make several alterations to the production methods and to Captain Cochrane's original design, most notably dropping another production bottleneck – the 5-inch/38-caliber gun – and replacing it with the 3-inch/50-caliber gun, which allowed adding a superfiring third gun (at the "B" position, forward); also, the original design specified eight engines for  but other priority programs forced the use of only four with a consequent shortening of the hull and reduction of the ship's maximum speed by an estimated .  The design had relatively light armour with for example the steel plate used on the Buckleys ranging from 1/2 inch to 7/16 inch with 1/4 inch plate being used for the majority of the hull and deck plating.

Paragraph 29: Following changes of recent times in education, India through it's NEP 2020 project plans to provide cost-effective access to higher education (post-secondary) to everyone interested through National Digital University, an Online University that works by hub-and-spoke model. This provides youth education at their fingertips, an opportunity to study in their own pace and time, and an opportunity to employees of all ages for horizontal and vertical job mobility through reskilling and upskilling with it's unique entry and exit points that is not possible through traditional offline higher education. This helps the country in attracting global talent, connections, and transforming India's educational system into an economic engine for national growth. Several international institutes in Asia have also reached out to India offering their courses through the platform. Through this innovative venture, India government provides an opportunity to domestic and international students alike in earning a degree certificate through India's National Digital University (NDU), and India government plans to make India a global leader that can provide affordable and quality higher education. A student who takes 50 percent of courses through a particular stakeholder University (India only), can opt for getting that University's degree certificate or NDU's. However, national and international equivalency of these degree certificate's would be same. Only select universities and institutions that could meet high standards and quality delivery of subjects would be allowed to offer courses or a full-fledged program through the platform, these programs and courses will be audited and certified in regular intervals by academicians and professors of practice for its communicability, content structure and relevance, course's standalone capability and required pre-requiste's to successfully engage with the subject, suggestive post- requiste's linkage per global trends, inclusivity of all kinds of learners, ROI of courses, ensuring global standards like in terns of syllabi, and ensuring best scientific practices in areas like content delivery e.g. chunking, examining in parts and as finals, solving case projects based on real world scenarios using course knowledge, and pass percentage requirement for progression to next courses. National Digital University is expected to start in July 2023 and have started requesting program and course proposals from all the Indian college's and universities. The LMS platform is build by support of top educational agencies and industries that are interested in building or already have a corporate academy, and the government plans to integrate virtual assistants with ChatGPT like features to build an interactive learning experience, course related peer learning chatrooms, national and international webinars, mobile optimisation of course pages and features, and wide opportunities for stakeholder industries to offer apprenticeship to students that meet their requirements into the platform.

Paragraph 30: Jimmy begins to neglect his girlfriend and studies as a result of his steroid use. When his girlfriend grows tired of neglect and announces she is leaving him, Jimmy flies into a steroid rage and savagely attacks his girlfriend and mother. Kyle repeatedly tries to talk Cartman out of his plans but is ignored. Soon, he was good at losing in all the events and never actually won a medal. At the closing ceremonies, the prizes are given by Mark McGwire, Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds. Jimmy sets multiple records and was named the 2004 games' "Special Olympian", winning the $1,000 prize in the process. Cartman, on the other hand, is so out-of-shape that his plan fails miserably when the more athletic disabled contestants beat him; he nevertheless wins a "spirit award"—consisting of a gift certificate for Shakey's Pizza for $50—for coming last. When he goes to collect the prize, Jimmy recognizes Cartman and is about to attack him, but Timmy intervenes, and Jimmy realises that he is just as much of a cheater himself. Jimmy confesses his drug use to the crowd and returns his medal, asking for his records to be cancelled and that people who use steroids are "pussies" (all the while the camera focuses on McGwire, Giambi, and Bonds during his speech). Jimmy bumps into McGuire, who said to him that he was good for himself for being honest. Cartman then claims to Stan and Kyle that he pretended to be handicapped in order for Jimmy to learn his lesson, but Stan and Kyle don't buy his lies; in anger, Cartman calls them "assholes" and tells them to "grow up."

Paragraph 31: The Seahawks drive continued into the second quarter where they had to settle for a 50-yard field goal to tie the game up at 3–3. On the Packers first drive of the 2nd and third drive of the game, Ryan Grant carried the ball twice on 1st and 2nd downs for 2 and 5 yards respectively but the Packers lost possession of the ball when Aaron Rodgers stepped up into the pocket and was sacked by Julian Peterson forcing a fumble. The ball was recovered by Seattle's Rocky Bernard for no gain at the Packers 32-yard line. With the Seahawks re-gaining possession with a short field, The Packers looked to stop the Seahawks on 3rd and 1 for no gain, but the Seahawks decided to go for it on 4th down on which they gained 9 yards rushing for the first down. The first touchdown in the game was scored when QB Charlie Frye rolled out to the right and passed short to the rookie TE John Carlson for a touchdown. The Seahawks touchdown gave the Seahawks the 10–3 lead. With 8:17 remaining in the contest, the Packers next drive was highlighted by a 19-yard reception by WR Donald Driver on 3rd and 7 to the Seattle 44-yard line. After a short pass to TE Donald Lee and two 3 and 6-yard gains for a first down by RB Ryan Grant for another 1st down. Rodgers then completed a 7-yard pass to WR Donald Driver on second down paired with a face mask penalty by Jordan Babineaux which moved the ball half the distance to the goal to the Seattle 12. After a 5-yard false start penalty and a run by Ryan Grant for no gain, Rodgers rushed to the Seattle 11 for a gain of 6. On Third and 9 Rodgers passed to WR Greg Jennings for his first and only catch of the half for 9 yards and a first down. On first and goal from the 2, Ryan Grant rushed the ball up the middle for a gain of a yard. The offense then came out in a 4 wide receiver set with only QB Aaron Rodgers in the backfield. Rodgers took the snap and rushed forward through the pile toward the goal line. The initial call on the field was no touchdown but after a review from the booth it was clear that Rodgers forward progress was not stopped and his knees did not contact the ground before the ball crossed the goal line. The play was ruled a touchdown which tied the game at 10–10 going into the half.

Paragraph 32: Export of waste to countries with lower environmental standards is a major concern.  The Basel Convention includes hazardous wastes such as, but not limited to, CRT screens as an item that may not be exported transcontinentally without prior consent of both the country exporting and receiving the waste.  Companies may find it cost-effective in the short term to sell outdated computers to less developed countries with lax regulations. It is commonly believed that a majority of surplus laptops are routed to developing nations. The high value of working and reusable laptops, computers, and components (e.g. RAM) can help pay the cost of transportation for many worthless commodities. Laws governing the exportation of waste electronics are put in place to govern recycling companies in developed countries which ship waste to Third World countries. However, concerns about the impact of e-recycling on human health, the health of recycling workers and environmental degradation remain. For example, due to the lack of strict regulations in developing countries, sometimes workers smash old products, propelling toxins on to the ground, contaminating the soil and putting those who do not wear shoes in danger. Other procedures include burning away wire insulation and acid baths to resell circuit boards. These methods pose environmental and health hazards, as toxins are released into the air and acid bath residue can enter the water supply.

Paragraph 33: Two branches on the line north of New Brunswick were built, one to Carteret and one towards Perth Amboy, both merging towards the north. The Carteret branch used shuttle operations, with a transfer at the junction with the mainline, but Perth Amboy trains ran all the way to Newark. On the Perth Amboy end, they used existing trackage from the end of private right-of-way along Woodbridge Avenue, East Avenue, Broad Street, private right-of-way south, west across West Avenue, and south along the east side of the CNJ line to the Woodbridge Creek bridge, then south on West Avenue and State Street, ending at Smith Street.

Paragraph 34: The Seahawks drive continued into the second quarter where they had to settle for a 50-yard field goal to tie the game up at 3–3. On the Packers first drive of the 2nd and third drive of the game, Ryan Grant carried the ball twice on 1st and 2nd downs for 2 and 5 yards respectively but the Packers lost possession of the ball when Aaron Rodgers stepped up into the pocket and was sacked by Julian Peterson forcing a fumble. The ball was recovered by Seattle's Rocky Bernard for no gain at the Packers 32-yard line. With the Seahawks re-gaining possession with a short field, The Packers looked to stop the Seahawks on 3rd and 1 for no gain, but the Seahawks decided to go for it on 4th down on which they gained 9 yards rushing for the first down. The first touchdown in the game was scored when QB Charlie Frye rolled out to the right and passed short to the rookie TE John Carlson for a touchdown. The Seahawks touchdown gave the Seahawks the 10–3 lead. With 8:17 remaining in the contest, the Packers next drive was highlighted by a 19-yard reception by WR Donald Driver on 3rd and 7 to the Seattle 44-yard line. After a short pass to TE Donald Lee and two 3 and 6-yard gains for a first down by RB Ryan Grant for another 1st down. Rodgers then completed a 7-yard pass to WR Donald Driver on second down paired with a face mask penalty by Jordan Babineaux which moved the ball half the distance to the goal to the Seattle 12. After a 5-yard false start penalty and a run by Ryan Grant for no gain, Rodgers rushed to the Seattle 11 for a gain of 6. On Third and 9 Rodgers passed to WR Greg Jennings for his first and only catch of the half for 9 yards and a first down. On first and goal from the 2, Ryan Grant rushed the ball up the middle for a gain of a yard. The offense then came out in a 4 wide receiver set with only QB Aaron Rodgers in the backfield. Rodgers took the snap and rushed forward through the pile toward the goal line. The initial call on the field was no touchdown but after a review from the booth it was clear that Rodgers forward progress was not stopped and his knees did not contact the ground before the ball crossed the goal line. The play was ruled a touchdown which tied the game at 10–10 going into the half.

Paragraph 35: Later after 1540 she gained a position in the household of Anne of Cleves, 4th wife of King Henry VIII from 6 January 1540 to 9 July 1540. However, she never achieved the coveted position of maid of honour, as did her sister Anne Basset, as Anne of Cleves' marriage to the king was soon annulled to facilitate his marriage to Catherine Howard. Katharine Basset was referred to thereafter simply as  "The Lady Anne of Cleves' woman". Anne resided at Hever Castle, the old family seat of the Boleyn family. The pursuit of a place at court for Katharine is well documented in the Lisle Papers. In 1539 Katherine wrote to her mother: "...Madame, the cause of my writing to your ladyship is that we hear say that the King's grace shall be married and my lord and my lady (i.e. Rutland) as yet doth hear no word of their coming up to London. Wherefore I desire your ladyship that ye will be so good lady and mother unto me as to speak so that I may be one of the queen's maids..." (signed "Katherin Bassitt") Her mother took the opportunity of making the request via John Norris, brother of Henry Norris. On her way to England Queen Anne of Cleves in December 1539 had an enforced stay at Calais, and Lord Lisle used his influence as Lord Deputy of Calais, on behalf of his step-daughter Katharine, to speak to the vice-chancellor of the Duchy of Cleves, Henry Olisleger, who wrote to Lord Lisle on 6 January 1540 with disappointing news as follows:"My lord, very sorry at heart I am to advertise you that with the knowledge and goodwill of the Queen's Grace I have spoken with the king our master and also with my Lord Privy Seal (i.e. Thomas Cromwell) and the other gentlemen of the council to have Mistress Katharine, your wife's daughter, to be of the privy chamber with the queen; to the which I have had answer made me that the ladies and gentlewomen of the privy chamber were appointed before her grace's coming and that for this time patience must be had". On 17 February 1540 Lady Rutland wrote more positively to Lady Lisle: "My very good lady...And where ye be very desirous to have your daughter Mistress Basset to be one of the Queen's Grace's maids, and that ye would I should move her Grace in that behalf. These shall be to do your ladyship: to wit that I perceive right well the King's Highness' pleasure to be such that no more maids shall be taken in until such time as some of them that now be with the Queen's Grace be preferred. Albeit if ye will make some means unto Mother Lowe, who can do as much good in this matter as any one woman here, that she may make some means to get your said daughter with the Queen's said Grace; and in so doing I think ye shall obtain your purpose in every behalf and I for my part shall do the best I can to prefer her here for I would be right glad thereof both for the great honesty that is in her".

Paragraph 36: US 45W begins in Madison County, concurrent with unsigned SR 5, in Three way at an interchange between US 45 (SR 5) and US 45E (SR 43). The highway goes as a 4-lane divided highway to cross into Gibson County and enter Humboldt, where they come to an intersection with unsigned SR 366. Here, SR 5 follows US 45W Business through while US 45W bypasses downtown to the west and north along SR 366, where it has intersections SR 152 and US 70A/US 79/SR 76. US 45W and SR 5 then rejoin at an intersection with US 70A Bypass/US 79 Bypass, and they leave Humboldt head north through farmland. US 45W/SR 5 then pass through Fruitland, where it has an intersection with SR 420 before passing through rural areas. It then enters Trenton at an intersection with SR 457 and SR 367, where US 45W/SR 5 turn right to follow a 2-lane bypass of downtown on the eastern side. The highway becomes concurrent with SR 54 and an intersection with SR 186 in a business district before having an intersection with SR 77 and SR 104, where it becomes concurrent with SR 77 and crosses the North Fork of the Forked Deer River, in a more rural part of town. SR 54 then splits off before the highway curves to the west to have another intersection with SR 367. US 45W/SR 5/SR 77 then widen to a 4-lane divided highway to curve back northward and leave Trenton. They wind their way north through farmland to pass through Dyer, where it bypasses the town on its west side, to have an interchange with SR 185, where SR 77 splits off and goes west. US 45W/SR 5 continue north to pass through Rutherford, where it bypasses the town on its west side, and has an interchange with SR 105. US 45W/SR 5 then narrows to 2-lanes as it has an intersection with its former alignment just before entering Kenton and crossing into Obion County.

Paragraph 37: In the waters on the western side of Lady Julia Percy Island lies pieces of a RAAF Avro Anson aircraft. On 15 February 1944, Avro Anson AW-878 of 2 Air Observer's School (2 A.O.S.) took off from Mount Gambier airfield in South Australia at 0800L hours on 15 February 1944 to carry out a radius of action navigation exercise. They were to fly from Mount Gambier to Douglas Point, radius of action to Lady Julia Percy Island, radius of action to Douglas Point and then back to Mount Gambier. At 1230L hours by which time the aircraft had not returned to base, overdue signals were sent out. At 1300L hours a search was carried out over the route of the exercise and at 1430L hours part of the main plane of the aircraft was sighted on Lady Julia Percy Island. A fishing boat searched in the vicinity of the island that evening and passed through small pieces of wreckage strewn over about 3 miles. A further search by boat was carried out the next morning in the same area which resulted in the recovery from the sea and the island of the port and starboard wingtips, the port aileron, the door to the gunner's cockpit, portion of a main spar, the top cover of a fuel tank bay and a Mae West. The top cover of the fuel tank bay had the number AW-878 in pencil on the underneath side and the Mae West was identified as having been drawn and signed for by Flight Sergeant MacLellan on 15 February 1944. The bodies of the 4 crew members were never located. Those crew members presumed to have lost their lives in this tragic accident were: Flight Sergeant James Henry MacLellan (410684) Pilot; Flight Sergeant Dennis Leslie Baulderstone (416712); LAC Norman Thomas Kruck (433368); and LAC Brian Carter Ladyman (436921).

Paragraph 38: North of Highway9, the route curved  to the east, then continued north, parallel to Highway400. It followed the townline between Tecumseth and West Gwillimbury townships. It travelled through the village of Bond Head and thereafter met Highway 89 in Cookstown. As the highway approached Barrie, it curved and followed Essa Road northeast until it met Highway400. Through Barrie, it was concurrent with Highway400 between Exit94 and Exit98, after which it was concurrent with Highway 26 along Bayfield Street, travelling north and exiting the city. At Midhurst, Highway27 diverged from its concurrency to continue north, parallel to and  west of Highway 400. After passing through the village of Elmvale and the end of Highway 92, the highway abruptly turned to the east to a junction with Highway 93 in the community of Waverley, which assumed the section north of here in the 1980s. Continuing north again, the highway meandered towards Georgian Bay, departing from the old Penetanguishene Road at Mertz's Corner. The route curved around the western side of a large marsh before entering the community of Wyebridge, where it crossed the Wye River. Several kilometres north of Wyebridge, Highway27 met Highway 12 on the outskirts of Midland. It then rejoined Penetanguishene Road and continued north into Penetanguishene, ending at the shoreline of Penetanguishene Harbour.

Paragraph 39: Morten Per Olsen (born 14 August 1949) is a Danish football manager and former player. He was the head coach of the Denmark national team for 15 years from 2000 until 2015, guiding Denmark to the 2002 FIFA World Cup, 2004 European Championship, 2010 FIFA World Cup and 2012 European Championship. He has also managed Brøndby IF to two Danish Superliga championships and Ajax to the Double of the 1998 Eredivisie championship and Dutch Cup trophy. He is one of only two persons ever in football, alongside Didier Deschamps, to achieve 100 national matches for his country both as player as well as coach.

Paragraph 40: The effect sizes of very low-dose doxepin in the treatment of insomnia range from small to medium. These include subjective and objective measures of sleep maintenance, sleep duration, and sleep efficiency. Conversely, very low-dose doxepin shows relatively weak effects on sleep initiation and does not significantly separate from placebo on this measure. This is in contrast to benzodiazepines and nonbenzodiazepine (Z-drug) hypnotics, which are additionally effective in improving sleep onset latency. However, it is also in contrast to higher doses of doxepin (50 to 300 mg/day), which have been found to significantly reduce latency to sleep onset. A positive dose–response relationship on sleep measures was observed for doses of doxepin between 1 and 6 mg in clinical studies, whereas the incidence of adverse effects remained constant across this dose range in both young and older adults. However, the incidence of adverse effects appeared to increase with longer treatment duration. A dose of doxepin as low as 1 mg/day was found to significantly improve most of the assessed sleep measures, but unlike the 3 and 6 mg/day doses, was not able to improve wake time during sleep. This, along with greater effect sizes with the higher doses, was likely the basis for the approval of the 3 and 6 mg doses of doxepin for insomnia and not the 1 mg dose.

Paragraph 41: Following changes of recent times in education, India through it's NEP 2020 project plans to provide cost-effective access to higher education (post-secondary) to everyone interested through National Digital University, an Online University that works by hub-and-spoke model. This provides youth education at their fingertips, an opportunity to study in their own pace and time, and an opportunity to employees of all ages for horizontal and vertical job mobility through reskilling and upskilling with it's unique entry and exit points that is not possible through traditional offline higher education. This helps the country in attracting global talent, connections, and transforming India's educational system into an economic engine for national growth. Several international institutes in Asia have also reached out to India offering their courses through the platform. Through this innovative venture, India government provides an opportunity to domestic and international students alike in earning a degree certificate through India's National Digital University (NDU), and India government plans to make India a global leader that can provide affordable and quality higher education. A student who takes 50 percent of courses through a particular stakeholder University (India only), can opt for getting that University's degree certificate or NDU's. However, national and international equivalency of these degree certificate's would be same. Only select universities and institutions that could meet high standards and quality delivery of subjects would be allowed to offer courses or a full-fledged program through the platform, these programs and courses will be audited and certified in regular intervals by academicians and professors of practice for its communicability, content structure and relevance, course's standalone capability and required pre-requiste's to successfully engage with the subject, suggestive post- requiste's linkage per global trends, inclusivity of all kinds of learners, ROI of courses, ensuring global standards like in terns of syllabi, and ensuring best scientific practices in areas like content delivery e.g. chunking, examining in parts and as finals, solving case projects based on real world scenarios using course knowledge, and pass percentage requirement for progression to next courses. National Digital University is expected to start in July 2023 and have started requesting program and course proposals from all the Indian college's and universities. The LMS platform is build by support of top educational agencies and industries that are interested in building or already have a corporate academy, and the government plans to integrate virtual assistants with ChatGPT like features to build an interactive learning experience, course related peer learning chatrooms, national and international webinars, mobile optimisation of course pages and features, and wide opportunities for stakeholder industries to offer apprenticeship to students that meet their requirements into the platform.

Paragraph 42: Chandavarkar's most important recent work is his introduction (2004) to One Hundred Years, One Hundred Voices: The Millworkers of Girangaon, Neera Adarkar and Meena Menon’s wonderful oral history of the Girangaon neighbourhood in Mumbai. This long essay proved to be far more than an ordinary introduction; it was an original work of research and a sweeping history of the working class in the city from the 1880s to the 1980s that may long remain the standard work on the subject. The essay focused primarily on the transformations of working class allegiances over time, from the height of trade union and Communist activity to the Samyukta Maharashtra and Shiv Sena movements to the Great Strike of 1982. Drawing upon the accounts provided by Adarkar and Menon, it offered a multifaceted explanation for these developments that addressed the rich popular culture of Girangaon, the role of capitalists, the appeals and strategies of different political parties and leaderships, and the workers' own actions and interests.  The essay also highlighted the increasing political impotence of workers after 1982.   It is probably the work that best reflects the evolution of Chandavarkar's scholarship in recent years.  However, several other publications were still in process at the time of his death, including a Modern Asian Studies special issue on labour history he was editing (in which he will have an individual contribution on the decline of jobbers in Mumbai) and a long essay on colonialism and democracy. In recent years, he had become increasingly interested in the larger history of Mumbai. Less than twenty-four hours before his death, he gave a brilliant paper on the city from the seventeenth century to the present in the conference at Dartmouth. Other writing, unfortunately, was probably not so far along, and we fear that much of Chandavarkar's voluminous research in many different areas may now go unpublished.

Paragraph 43: SC 81 heads to the north and enters Iva. At Hamilton Street, it intersects SC 184 which begins a concurrency through town. They intersect the western terminus of SC 413. Here SC 184 and SC 413 travel to the southeast on East Green Street. SC 81 leaves town and curves to the northwest. The highway begins curving to the north-northeast and passes Crescent High School. It heads to the north-northwest and enters Starr. There, it intersects the eastern terminus of SC 412 (Stones Throw Avenue). Then, it travels to the north-northeast and back to the north-northwest before it enters Homeland Park. The highway curves again to the north-northeast and passes Homeland Park Elementary School. Then, it intersects U.S. Route 29 (US 29; West Shockley Ferry Road). The two highways begin a short concurrency. One block later, they intersect SC 28 (Pearman Dairy Road). One block after that, US 29 splits off to the northeast. SC 81 heads in a fairly northerly direction and passes Orr Mill Park just before entering Anderson. At Sayre Street, US 29 Business (US 29 Bus.) comes from the west and begins traveling concurrent with SC 81. At the same intersection, SC 28 Bus. comes from the east and joins them. The three highway travel to the north and intersect US 76/US 178, which also joins the concurrency. The five-highway concurrency intersects the eastern terminus of SC 24 (Whitner Street). At Greenville Street, US 29 Bus./SC 28 Bus./SC 81 turns to the right for one block, where SC 28 Bus. turns left onto Main Street. US 29 Bus. and SC 81 pass AnMed Health Medical Center and then split at a point west of Anderson University. SC 81 heads northeast and passes Cater Lake Park. It then crosses over Cox Creek and then passes McCants Middle School. It leaves Anderson and passes Oaklawn Cemetery. The highway then passes T. L. Hanna High School. Then, it has an interchange with Interstate 85 (I-85). It turns left onto SC 8 (Easley Highway). The two highways travel concurrently to the north-northwest. When they split, SC 81 resumes its northeasterly direction. It passes by Wren Elementary School, Wren Middle School, and Wren High School. The highway intersects SC 86. It has a short easterly segment before curving back to the northeast. It crosses over Big Brushy Creek and enters Powdersville. It passes Pleasant View Cemetery and passes Concrete Primary School. Immediately after crossing over Craven Creek, it intersects SC 153. The highway passes Dolly Cooper Park. When, it crosses over the Saluda River, not only does it leave Powdersville, it enters Greenville County.

Paragraph 44: Benjamin Simonds’s military career began during the war called King George's War which started in 1744.  At the start of the war, Governor William Shirley of Massachusetts ordered that a line of forts be built from Colrain to the Dutch settlements,  the strongest and westernmost of which was called Fort Massachusetts. Begun in the summer of 1745 in East Hoosac or what is now Williamstown, Massachusetts, Fort Massachusetts was garrisoned by December of that year and Benjamin Simonds was at that time or the following year a part of that garrison.  On August 19, 1746, Fort Massachusetts was attacked by an army of French soldiers and their Indian allies and surrendered the following day because only eight of the garrison of twenty two men were in reasonable health, the remainder being sick. The French and Indians then took the members of the garrison captive to Fort Saint-Frédéric on Lake Champlain (modern day Crown Point, New York) then to Montreal on September 10 before reaching Quebec on September 15, 1746. On the first night after their capture, the party camped near the river at the spot where Simonds would eventually buy and build a house. The site is now known as the “River Bend Farm”. The journey to Quebec was later described by the fort’s chaplain, Rev. John Norris, and he mentions Benjamin Simonds, or “Brother Simon” as he called him, at several points in his narrative. Norton reported for August 22 that “the Indians also carry’d in their Canoes Br Simon & John Aldrich, and Perry’s Wife, down the River about ten Miles.” For August 23 he reported that “the French still carrying Smeed’s and Scot’s Wives and Children, the Indians finding Horses for Brothers Simon and John Aldrich.”   According to Nehemiah How who wrote another captivity narrative, Benjamin Simonds was one of the captives from Fort Massachusetts who arrived at the prison in Quebec on September 15, 1746.  Only nine of the soldiers captured at Fort Massachusetts returned home and Benjamin Simonds and John Aldrich, both sick in the hospital at Quebec, were the last to return in October 1747. According to his petition dated 12 December 1749, Benjamin Simonds, after his return from captivity, was “unable to Get Home till 14 days after, and was weak & low and unable for a whole month to provide for himself.” He was awarded £20, 9s. for his service. During the Seven Years' War, Benjamin Simonds was again stationed at Fort Massachusetts where he was listed serving as a private in a company commanded by Capt. Ephraim Williams from 14 October 1754 to 28 March 1755 and then again in a company commanded by Isaac Wyman from 29 March 1755 to 26 November 1755.

Paragraph 45: Chandavarkar's most important recent work is his introduction (2004) to One Hundred Years, One Hundred Voices: The Millworkers of Girangaon, Neera Adarkar and Meena Menon’s wonderful oral history of the Girangaon neighbourhood in Mumbai. This long essay proved to be far more than an ordinary introduction; it was an original work of research and a sweeping history of the working class in the city from the 1880s to the 1980s that may long remain the standard work on the subject. The essay focused primarily on the transformations of working class allegiances over time, from the height of trade union and Communist activity to the Samyukta Maharashtra and Shiv Sena movements to the Great Strike of 1982. Drawing upon the accounts provided by Adarkar and Menon, it offered a multifaceted explanation for these developments that addressed the rich popular culture of Girangaon, the role of capitalists, the appeals and strategies of different political parties and leaderships, and the workers' own actions and interests.  The essay also highlighted the increasing political impotence of workers after 1982.   It is probably the work that best reflects the evolution of Chandavarkar's scholarship in recent years.  However, several other publications were still in process at the time of his death, including a Modern Asian Studies special issue on labour history he was editing (in which he will have an individual contribution on the decline of jobbers in Mumbai) and a long essay on colonialism and democracy. In recent years, he had become increasingly interested in the larger history of Mumbai. Less than twenty-four hours before his death, he gave a brilliant paper on the city from the seventeenth century to the present in the conference at Dartmouth. Other writing, unfortunately, was probably not so far along, and we fear that much of Chandavarkar's voluminous research in many different areas may now go unpublished.