Paragraph 1: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 2: Rehabilitated by Melgarejo, in December 1864, with the rank of colonel, Arguedas was made commander of the garrison of La Paz. When the revolution led by General Belzu broke out in March 1865, having for this reason left office and retired to his home, Arguedas soon realized his mistake and chose to take up arms against Melgarejo. Consequently, he agreed to lead the revolutionary forces in La Paz in May of the same year soon after Belzu's death. Colonel Arguedas was acclaimed by the popular masses of La Paz and proclaimed provisional President of Bolivia, being granted the rank of brigadier general. He organized an army of two thousand men, known as the Constitutionalist Army, while Melgarejo was in Potosí crushing another rebellion against him. The people of La Paz, powerful as ever, took up arms and raised a flag in which the two slogans were engraved: "War on Melgarejo; avenge the spilled blood of Belzu". This popular revolution did not echo any personal ambition, rather it was the spontaneous pronouncement of a people who wanted to establish a truly democratic and constitutional republic; that is why it was called "Constitutionalist". Arguedas, although new to the Bolivian political scene, was known for his military courage. Arguedas issued a decree which stated the following: Article 1 - From the date, I assume the provisional presidency of the Republic. Article 2 - Ninety days after the republic recognizes the authority created by the May Revolution, electoral commissions will be convened. Article 3 - Dr. Belisario Salinas is appointed senior government official and in charge of the general secretariat for now. Article 4 - Colonel Uladislao Silva will oversee the ministry of war.Arguedas spread the proclamations to the people the army. Both documents contained the typical words of other revolutionary proclamations of Bolivia, such as: the return of freedom to the people; war without quarter to the tyrant; triumph of " the good cause"; cessation of fraud and coercion, theft and embezzlement; convening a national congress ninety days after the republic has been pacified; constitution of the executive power through free election; and the leaders of the revolution may not appear as candidates for the new government; days of glory and well-being for the people, etc., etc. Arguedas, head of the revolution, organized an army of two thousand men with all the reinforcements that came from Oruro, Cochabamba and Chayanta and even from the most remote provinces of the La Paz Department. Feeling strong enough to go out in search of the enemy, he detached his army to a radius of more than fifty leagues of La Paz. He left La Paz with the bulk of the army, and, on December 6, arrived in Oruro on the 11th. As Melgarejo approached, Arguedas decided to counter march to La Paz, despite the fact that some chiefs who surrounded him, José María de Achá, among them, advised him to wait for the enemy in Oruro or Huanuni. The retreat to La Paz was carried out in disorder and the army suffered several setbacks. Part of the artillery was abandoned on the road; the many supplies were left along the way. In the midst of this disastrous withdrawal, in which the desertions occurred daily and were numerous, Achá again urged Arguedas to fight, taking advantage of the Viscachani mountain range, between Sicasica and Ayoayo, which offered strategic advantages for a defensive action.

Paragraph 3: Aldridge's first professional appearance was in the part of Kenneth in French without Tears, at the Palace Theatre, Watford, in August 1939. He was in rep until 1940. His first West End appearance was in This Way to the Tomb, playing the Prologue and the Mechanic, at the Garrick Theatre, 1946; toured with the Arts Council Midland Theatre Company from November 1946 to July 1948; appeared in Nottingham Theatre Trust productions from November 1948 to March 1949, playing Othello in Othello at Nottingham, 1948, and at the Embassy Theatre, 1949; with Birmingham rep, 1949; Old Vic Company at New Theatre, 1949-1950: Love's Labour's Lost, She Stoops to Conquer, The Miser, Hamlet; returned to Arts Council Midland Theatre Company, 1950; Bristol Old Vic, 1951-1952: played Macbeth in Macbeth, Two Gentlemen of Verona, Of Mice and Men; Escapade, at St James's Theatre, Strand, London, 1953–1954; Salad Days, Vaudeville Theatre, 1954; Free as Air, Savoy Theatre, 1957; Moon for the Misbegotten, Arts Theatre, 1960; Vanity Fair, Queen's Theatre, 1962; The Fighting Cock, Duke of York's Theatre, 1966; at Chichester Festival, 1966–1969, and 1971–1972. Heartbreak House, Lyric Theatre, 1967; The Cocktail Party, Wyndham's Theatre, Haymarket, 1968; The Magistrate, Cambridge, 1969; A Bequest to the Nation, Haymarket, 1970; Reunion in Vienna, Piccadilly, 1972; Absurd Person Singular, Criterion Theatre, 1973; The Tempest, Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place, 1974; Jeeves, Her Majesty's Theatre, 1975; Lies, Albery Theatre, 1975; The Bed before Yesterday, Lyric Theatre, 1976; Rosmersholm, Haymarket, 1977;The Old Country, Queen's Theatre, 1978; Bedroom Farce, National Theatre at The Prince of Wales, 1978; The Last of Mrs Cheyney, Cambridge, 1980; Noises Off, Lyric, Hammersmith and Savoy, 1982; The Biko Inquest, Riverside, 1984; Relatively Speaking, Greenwich, 1986.

Paragraph 4: In 2016, Gilman auditioned for season 11 of the US edition of The Voice. The emotional introduction piece showed him with his supportive parents clearly introducing him as a child star and the fact that he had come out as gay in 2014. He was shown declaring to The Voice host Carson Daly backstage: "I had to come to grips with being gay... I took a long time to rebuild vocally, but it was coming back, and then coming to grips with who I was personally, I also came to grips with who I was as a singer. You know, I love my country music roots, but deep down, I really always wanted to be a pop singer. It's actually nerve-racking to stand here and just be 100 percent me. There's only one shot to reinvent myself."

Paragraph 5: But in May 1919, at the peak of his literary fame, Nicolaides suddenly left Athens. He took up residence for the next four years in his homeland of Cyprus. His plan was to publish there the new works he had ready, and to promote the island's cultural life, making it a "land of the muses". Such at least is the testimony of a young compatriot, Glafkos Alithersis, who had returned to Cyprus before him and was preparing the ground for his teacher by spreading publicity in his Limassol newspaper Aletheia (Truth). As soon as Nicolaides was back in Cyprus, he immediately published "The Blue flower" in Nicosia. But he found the intellectual climate there discouraging. He spent a few months in Stavrovouni Monastery, then moved on after some hesitation to Limassol. There he was welcomed by a band of enthusiastic young friends who were willing to campaign on behalf of art and literature, including Emilios Hourmouzios, Yiannis Lefkis, Yiangos Eliadis, Christodoulos Christodoulidis, Antonis Indianos, Dimitrios Demitriadis, the brothers Banos, and George Fasouliotis.(Alithersis had meanwhile left for Alexandria). Nicolaides' presence in Limassol stimulated a flowering of intellectual life and creativity. Within three years, he published three books (one volume of lyric prose, one of short stories, and a novel—o Stravoxylo (The Peevish Fellow). He staged two tragedies with girl students of the school where he taught painting. He produced "tableaux vivants" with remarkable success. He put on an exhibition of his own paintings (possibly the first such event in Cyprus). He gave private painting lessons and he undertook the artistic side of various events (such as flower festivals). Most important of all for Cyprus was the 1924 launch in Limassol (after he had left again for Egypt) of the island's first genuine literary periodical, Avge. Nicolaides and Alithersis from Egypt, and the other young people inspired by him, provided the nucleus for its contents.

Paragraph 6: Rehabilitated by Melgarejo, in December 1864, with the rank of colonel, Arguedas was made commander of the garrison of La Paz. When the revolution led by General Belzu broke out in March 1865, having for this reason left office and retired to his home, Arguedas soon realized his mistake and chose to take up arms against Melgarejo. Consequently, he agreed to lead the revolutionary forces in La Paz in May of the same year soon after Belzu's death. Colonel Arguedas was acclaimed by the popular masses of La Paz and proclaimed provisional President of Bolivia, being granted the rank of brigadier general. He organized an army of two thousand men, known as the Constitutionalist Army, while Melgarejo was in Potosí crushing another rebellion against him. The people of La Paz, powerful as ever, took up arms and raised a flag in which the two slogans were engraved: "War on Melgarejo; avenge the spilled blood of Belzu". This popular revolution did not echo any personal ambition, rather it was the spontaneous pronouncement of a people who wanted to establish a truly democratic and constitutional republic; that is why it was called "Constitutionalist". Arguedas, although new to the Bolivian political scene, was known for his military courage. Arguedas issued a decree which stated the following: Article 1 - From the date, I assume the provisional presidency of the Republic. Article 2 - Ninety days after the republic recognizes the authority created by the May Revolution, electoral commissions will be convened. Article 3 - Dr. Belisario Salinas is appointed senior government official and in charge of the general secretariat for now. Article 4 - Colonel Uladislao Silva will oversee the ministry of war.Arguedas spread the proclamations to the people the army. Both documents contained the typical words of other revolutionary proclamations of Bolivia, such as: the return of freedom to the people; war without quarter to the tyrant; triumph of " the good cause"; cessation of fraud and coercion, theft and embezzlement; convening a national congress ninety days after the republic has been pacified; constitution of the executive power through free election; and the leaders of the revolution may not appear as candidates for the new government; days of glory and well-being for the people, etc., etc. Arguedas, head of the revolution, organized an army of two thousand men with all the reinforcements that came from Oruro, Cochabamba and Chayanta and even from the most remote provinces of the La Paz Department. Feeling strong enough to go out in search of the enemy, he detached his army to a radius of more than fifty leagues of La Paz. He left La Paz with the bulk of the army, and, on December 6, arrived in Oruro on the 11th. As Melgarejo approached, Arguedas decided to counter march to La Paz, despite the fact that some chiefs who surrounded him, José María de Achá, among them, advised him to wait for the enemy in Oruro or Huanuni. The retreat to La Paz was carried out in disorder and the army suffered several setbacks. Part of the artillery was abandoned on the road; the many supplies were left along the way. In the midst of this disastrous withdrawal, in which the desertions occurred daily and were numerous, Achá again urged Arguedas to fight, taking advantage of the Viscachani mountain range, between Sicasica and Ayoayo, which offered strategic advantages for a defensive action.

Paragraph 7: In the 12 years Ken Hind represented Dilworth he supported the Save Longridge Campaign argued against a number of planning applications and against excessive development of housing At the time Hind stated, "Currently there are about 3,000 households here, but if all the developments applied for are approved – over 1,000 houses in Longridge, plus 503 on the Preston side a stone’s throw from the town centre – that’s potentially a 50pc increase."  Hind also called for greater co-operation with the bordering City of Preston over planning policy. Hind believed that ultimately the inability of Planning Authorities to appeal the decisions of Planning Inspectors was what was responsible for the Ribble Valley being "under siege" from developers. As he stated at the time, "Unelected inspectors in planning appeals interpret the National Planning Policy Framework without the right of appeal to the courts to check if their conclusions are correct. Planning departments like ours locally are under huge pressure and have to interpret planning law in the light of day-to-day changes. You only ever destroy a green field once. It’s a precious commodity which can never be replaced." In 2010 he initiated the creation of Longridge Town Team to encourage commercial development.  This included support to expand one of the major employers in Longridge, Singletons cheese manufacturers. He encouraged the Town Council to create a Neighbourhood Plan which was successfully approved in 2018  and supported and pressed through the Council preservation of the Longridge recreation ground by deed in trust, to preserve this communal space for future generations. Along with the Longridge Councillors Hind supported the demolition of part of a dilapidated mill to allow Singletons cheese manufacturer, one of the largest employers in Longridge to expand on their existing site and not relocate outside the Borough.  Hind also pressed with other councillors with Lancashire County Council for the preservation of the Longridge youth centre in Berry Lane which now remains open and improvement of youth services in the town. As RVBC representative to the Longridge Social Enterprise Company he supported the project driven by Rupert Swarbrick to renovate the old station buildings, now the headquarters of the Town Council, cafe, heritage centre and community facility.

Paragraph 8: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 9: Britain' Pensions Regulator warned trustees responsible for British defined benefit pension funds that the decrease in the price of gilts and the sharp rise in gilt yields could "trigger a scramble for cash" as "spooked" international financial markets responded to the fiscal policy announced by their new Prime Minister, Liz Truss. The September 2022 United Kingdom mini-budget, introduced in a 23 September statement by Kwasi Kwarteng, Britain's new chancellor, was described by The Economist as "fiscally and politically...reckless". It included £45bn of unfunded tax cuts, as well as energy bill assistance, with no corresponding expenditure reductions to fund the cuts and supports. In response, on 27 September, the value of the pound sterling plunged in foreign exchange markets, reaching a record low against the United States dollar. Yields on long term gilts spiked by 325% in 2022 with yields on 10-year gilts increasing to over 4%its highest interest rate since 2008. Final salary pension schemes hedged with liability-driven investment (LDI) strategies, represented the groups most directly impacted by the massive, unexpected sale of gilts. As the price of gilts held by these funds as assets decreased, trustees were forced to race for cash. These pension schemes hedged with LDI to "ensure their ability to make future payments" but LDI strategies are "very sensitive to fast-moving gilt yields". Of the £2.5 trillion in final salary pension schemes, most use LDI funds to match their liabilities to millions of pensioners with future income. By September 2022, the LDI market totaled approximately £1.6 trillion, according to a Reuters report. With soaring yields on bonds, the government's borrowing costs to finance its policies increasedas did its long term public debt.  In the race for cash, pension funds had to slash positions. As pension trustees sold off gilts, the Bank of England (BOE), which is independent from the British government, took emergency action on 28 September by initiating a two-week £65 billion long-term gilt buy-back programme in an effort to stabilise financial markets and to halt a crisis in the broader economy. By October 11, after the Bank of England's governor, Andrew Bailey, warned that the BOE would not extend the emergency purchases beyond the two week period, the pound fell sharply against the US dollar.In August, the BOE had raised concerns that the rising cost of both energy and food, could push inflation even higher than 10.1%a 40-year record reached in Julyand could trigger a 2022 recession. The BOE delayed a large emergency interest rate increase until the November budget. Britain's flexible exchange rate along with the fact that its public debt in foreign currencies is minimal, provides some protection. In a rare public rebuke of the policies, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) called on Britain to  revise the proposed cuts by targeting relief to the poorest households to avoid "stoking inequality." Moody's, the credit rating agency used by large investors to monitor credit worthiness of nations, cautioned that if the market's loss of confidence in the UK's fiscal strategy was sustained, the result could be "structurally higher funding costs" that "could more permanently weaken the UK's debt affordability." Moody's commentary, which was also critical of the policies, said that these "large unfunded" "fiscal stimulus" and tax cuts would result in increased borrowing costs which would weigh down growth in the medium term.

Paragraph 10: But in May 1919, at the peak of his literary fame, Nicolaides suddenly left Athens. He took up residence for the next four years in his homeland of Cyprus. His plan was to publish there the new works he had ready, and to promote the island's cultural life, making it a "land of the muses". Such at least is the testimony of a young compatriot, Glafkos Alithersis, who had returned to Cyprus before him and was preparing the ground for his teacher by spreading publicity in his Limassol newspaper Aletheia (Truth). As soon as Nicolaides was back in Cyprus, he immediately published "The Blue flower" in Nicosia. But he found the intellectual climate there discouraging. He spent a few months in Stavrovouni Monastery, then moved on after some hesitation to Limassol. There he was welcomed by a band of enthusiastic young friends who were willing to campaign on behalf of art and literature, including Emilios Hourmouzios, Yiannis Lefkis, Yiangos Eliadis, Christodoulos Christodoulidis, Antonis Indianos, Dimitrios Demitriadis, the brothers Banos, and George Fasouliotis.(Alithersis had meanwhile left for Alexandria). Nicolaides' presence in Limassol stimulated a flowering of intellectual life and creativity. Within three years, he published three books (one volume of lyric prose, one of short stories, and a novel—o Stravoxylo (The Peevish Fellow). He staged two tragedies with girl students of the school where he taught painting. He produced "tableaux vivants" with remarkable success. He put on an exhibition of his own paintings (possibly the first such event in Cyprus). He gave private painting lessons and he undertook the artistic side of various events (such as flower festivals). Most important of all for Cyprus was the 1924 launch in Limassol (after he had left again for Egypt) of the island's first genuine literary periodical, Avge. Nicolaides and Alithersis from Egypt, and the other young people inspired by him, provided the nucleus for its contents.

Paragraph 11: Joe Newcombe, Adam Cann and Joel Pearce come from Thornbury, a market town in South Gloucestershire approximately 12 miles (19 km) north of Bristol. From age 13, Newcombe and Cann had played together in various bands (Cradle Of Fluff, Alcoholic Spider). They met Pearce (then a member of Enigma Design) while playing in pubs in the Thornbury region. When Newcombe went to university he met Dean Bowden and subsequently Newcombe, Bowden and Cann went on to play together in a band called Just For Hustlers. Deciding they wanted to try something different, they then recruited Pearce (who had discussed starting a band with Cann during Friday drinking sessions) and thus completed the Flights line-up. 

Paragraph 12: Aldridge's first professional appearance was in the part of Kenneth in French without Tears, at the Palace Theatre, Watford, in August 1939. He was in rep until 1940. His first West End appearance was in This Way to the Tomb, playing the Prologue and the Mechanic, at the Garrick Theatre, 1946; toured with the Arts Council Midland Theatre Company from November 1946 to July 1948; appeared in Nottingham Theatre Trust productions from November 1948 to March 1949, playing Othello in Othello at Nottingham, 1948, and at the Embassy Theatre, 1949; with Birmingham rep, 1949; Old Vic Company at New Theatre, 1949-1950: Love's Labour's Lost, She Stoops to Conquer, The Miser, Hamlet; returned to Arts Council Midland Theatre Company, 1950; Bristol Old Vic, 1951-1952: played Macbeth in Macbeth, Two Gentlemen of Verona, Of Mice and Men; Escapade, at St James's Theatre, Strand, London, 1953–1954; Salad Days, Vaudeville Theatre, 1954; Free as Air, Savoy Theatre, 1957; Moon for the Misbegotten, Arts Theatre, 1960; Vanity Fair, Queen's Theatre, 1962; The Fighting Cock, Duke of York's Theatre, 1966; at Chichester Festival, 1966–1969, and 1971–1972. Heartbreak House, Lyric Theatre, 1967; The Cocktail Party, Wyndham's Theatre, Haymarket, 1968; The Magistrate, Cambridge, 1969; A Bequest to the Nation, Haymarket, 1970; Reunion in Vienna, Piccadilly, 1972; Absurd Person Singular, Criterion Theatre, 1973; The Tempest, Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place, 1974; Jeeves, Her Majesty's Theatre, 1975; Lies, Albery Theatre, 1975; The Bed before Yesterday, Lyric Theatre, 1976; Rosmersholm, Haymarket, 1977;The Old Country, Queen's Theatre, 1978; Bedroom Farce, National Theatre at The Prince of Wales, 1978; The Last of Mrs Cheyney, Cambridge, 1980; Noises Off, Lyric, Hammersmith and Savoy, 1982; The Biko Inquest, Riverside, 1984; Relatively Speaking, Greenwich, 1986.

Paragraph 13: In 2016, Gilman auditioned for season 11 of the US edition of The Voice. The emotional introduction piece showed him with his supportive parents clearly introducing him as a child star and the fact that he had come out as gay in 2014. He was shown declaring to The Voice host Carson Daly backstage: "I had to come to grips with being gay... I took a long time to rebuild vocally, but it was coming back, and then coming to grips with who I was personally, I also came to grips with who I was as a singer. You know, I love my country music roots, but deep down, I really always wanted to be a pop singer. It's actually nerve-racking to stand here and just be 100 percent me. There's only one shot to reinvent myself."

Paragraph 14: Britain' Pensions Regulator warned trustees responsible for British defined benefit pension funds that the decrease in the price of gilts and the sharp rise in gilt yields could "trigger a scramble for cash" as "spooked" international financial markets responded to the fiscal policy announced by their new Prime Minister, Liz Truss. The September 2022 United Kingdom mini-budget, introduced in a 23 September statement by Kwasi Kwarteng, Britain's new chancellor, was described by The Economist as "fiscally and politically...reckless". It included £45bn of unfunded tax cuts, as well as energy bill assistance, with no corresponding expenditure reductions to fund the cuts and supports. In response, on 27 September, the value of the pound sterling plunged in foreign exchange markets, reaching a record low against the United States dollar. Yields on long term gilts spiked by 325% in 2022 with yields on 10-year gilts increasing to over 4%its highest interest rate since 2008. Final salary pension schemes hedged with liability-driven investment (LDI) strategies, represented the groups most directly impacted by the massive, unexpected sale of gilts. As the price of gilts held by these funds as assets decreased, trustees were forced to race for cash. These pension schemes hedged with LDI to "ensure their ability to make future payments" but LDI strategies are "very sensitive to fast-moving gilt yields". Of the £2.5 trillion in final salary pension schemes, most use LDI funds to match their liabilities to millions of pensioners with future income. By September 2022, the LDI market totaled approximately £1.6 trillion, according to a Reuters report. With soaring yields on bonds, the government's borrowing costs to finance its policies increasedas did its long term public debt.  In the race for cash, pension funds had to slash positions. As pension trustees sold off gilts, the Bank of England (BOE), which is independent from the British government, took emergency action on 28 September by initiating a two-week £65 billion long-term gilt buy-back programme in an effort to stabilise financial markets and to halt a crisis in the broader economy. By October 11, after the Bank of England's governor, Andrew Bailey, warned that the BOE would not extend the emergency purchases beyond the two week period, the pound fell sharply against the US dollar.In August, the BOE had raised concerns that the rising cost of both energy and food, could push inflation even higher than 10.1%a 40-year record reached in Julyand could trigger a 2022 recession. The BOE delayed a large emergency interest rate increase until the November budget. Britain's flexible exchange rate along with the fact that its public debt in foreign currencies is minimal, provides some protection. In a rare public rebuke of the policies, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) called on Britain to  revise the proposed cuts by targeting relief to the poorest households to avoid "stoking inequality." Moody's, the credit rating agency used by large investors to monitor credit worthiness of nations, cautioned that if the market's loss of confidence in the UK's fiscal strategy was sustained, the result could be "structurally higher funding costs" that "could more permanently weaken the UK's debt affordability." Moody's commentary, which was also critical of the policies, said that these "large unfunded" "fiscal stimulus" and tax cuts would result in increased borrowing costs which would weigh down growth in the medium term.

Paragraph 15: The first recognised UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships took place in Paris (France) in 1950 and was won by Jean Robic, of France. Between 1950 and 1966 the championship was open to both amateurs and professionals. From 1967 to 1993 two separate championships were organised – one for amateurs and one for professionals. From 1994 the championship became a single event again open to all elite riders. A junior world championship was introduced in 1976. All are organized by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), and the winner has the right to wear the rainbow jersey for a full year, like the winners of the world championships in other cycling disciplines.

Paragraph 16:  Second Plane. Wizards and sorcerers regularly call up two distinct  kinds of Second Plane denizens. One of them are entities which are easy to invoke, not intelligent but obedient to the sorcerer's commands like a well-trained dog. They appear in the Prime Plane as immaterial entities which cannot be harmed by material weapons. As such they are commonly used as "Dunning Specters" which are sent to appear at night in the bedroom of a recalcitrant debtor and croak all night: "Pay your debts! Pay your debts!" It's a mystery how, without having solid vocal organs, they can agitate the Prime Plane air to make such sounds. Another application of such entities are magic ropes, such as the one by which Jorian escaped execution in Xylar; such a rope is animated by a spirit from the Second Plane, captured and placed into the rope by a wizard (Karadur in this case). Similarly, when dealing with the assassin Malgo who tried to kill Jorian, the wizardess Goania used "a couple of minor spirits", inducing them to enter into lengths of rope which then moved like serpents and wrapped themselves securely around Malgo's ankles and wrists. While not explicitly stated, these seem to have been from the Second Plane. As explained by the wizard Klung in Salimor, the Second Plane spirits in such a rope eventually "leak out and decamp" and the rope needs to be "recharged" by inducing new Second Plane spirits into it. An entirely different kind of Second Planers are the tiny flying beings used as "guardian spirits" or "familiars" (hantu in Salimorese) of whom Belinka is the most well-known example. They resemble a large butterfly, but the pearly body supporting the glossy wings is not an insect's but rather a tiny naked human body, about the size of a normal human's palm. They are nearly translucent, appearing as a floating spot of bluish luminescence, and can also make themselves completely invisible if they choose. Their voices sound like tinkling bells, though it is unclear whether they actually speak or communicate mentally. Since they do not completely materialize on the Prime Plane, they cannot be harmed by humans who "hate bugs". But they are material enough to administer painful stings to humans. They resemble humans not only in the shape of their tiny bodies but also mentally, being capable of both profound thinking and deep emotion, with their love life carried on "on the wing". While the evoked denizens of other Planes only carry out a sorcerer's precise instructions, which they often tend to misunderstand, the Second Plane tiny flying beings need only to be given a general mission and would make their own intelligent decisions on how to implement it, showing much ingenuity and some deceit (as when Belinka tried to mislead Kerin in order to get Nogiri killed). Belinka manifested a strong sense of duty and devotion to her double mission - preserving Kerin's physical safety and keeping him chaste and faithful to Adeliza, the wayward girl he left behind. Kerin suspected that some of Belinka's outbursts of strong jealousy were her own emotions as well as dutiful acts on Adeliza's behalf. When faced with failure, Kerin having married Nogiri and consummated that marriage, Belinka expressed despair and stated that, were she on her own plane, she would have immolated herself in a volcano - though she later found consolation in starting a relationship with Sendu, a male of her own kind. It's unclear if such a strong sense of duty was Belinka's personal character trait or typical of all her species. And there is no information on the relationship, while on their native Plane, between Belinka's kind and the non-intelligent, rope-animating spirits. Gambling houses in Salimor sometimes employ Second Plane "familiars" to prevent the use of magic by dishonest gamblers. Their use in courts as "lie detectors" was proposed, since they are skilled in reading human facial expressions - but the idea was dropped due to strong opposition by lawyers.

Paragraph 17:  MS-DOS 2.0-7.0 / PC DOS 2.0-6.3 MBRs do not pass on the DL value received on entry, but they rather use the boot status entry in the partition table entry of the selected primary partition as physical boot drive unit. Since this is, by convention,  in most MBR partition tables, it won't change things unless the BIOS attempted to boot off a physical device other than the first fixed disk / removable drive in the row. This is also the reason why these operating systems cannot boot off a second hard disk, etc. Some FDISK tools allow to mark partitions on secondary disks as "active" as well. In this situation, knowing that these operating systems cannot boot off other drives anyway, some of them continue to use the traditionally fixed value of  as active marker, whereas others use values corresponding with the currently assigned physical drive unit (, ), thereby allowing booting from other drives, at least in theory. In fact, this will work with many MBR codes, which take a set bit 7 of the boot status entry as active flag rather than insisting on , however, MS-DOS/PC DOS MBRs are hard-wired to accept the fixed value of  only. Storing the actual physical drive number in the partition table will also cause problems, when the BIOS assignment of physical drives changes, for example when drives are removed, added or swapped. Therefore, for a normal MBR accepting bit 7 as active flag and otherwise just using and passing on to the VBR the DL value originally provided by the BIOS allows for maximum flexibility. MS-DOS 7.1 - 8.0 MBRs have changed to treat bit 7 as active flag and any values .. as invalid, but they still take the physical drive unit from the partition table rather than using the DL value provided by the BIOS. DR-DOS 7.07 extended MBRs treat bit 7 as active flag and use and pass on the BIOS DL value by default (including non-standard values .. used by some BIOSes also for partitioned media), but they also provide a special NEWLDR configuration block in order to support alternative boot methods in conjunction with LOADER and REAL/32 as well as to change the detail behaviour of the MBR, so that it can also work with drive values retrieved from the partition table (important in conjunction with LOADER and AAPs, see NEWLDR offset 0x000C), translate Wyse non-standard drive units .. to .., and optionally fix up the drive value (stored at offset 0x019 in the Extended BIOS Parameter Block (EBPB) or at sector offset 0x01FD  ) in loaded VBRs before passing execution to them (see NEWLDR offset 0x0014)—this also allows other boot loaders to use NEWLDR as a chain-loader, configure its in-memory image on the fly and "tunnel" the loading of VBRs, EBRs, or AAPs through NEWLDR.

Paragraph 18: The singles semifinals saw first facing Novak Djokovic and Gilles Simon, both in their first semifinal appearances at the year-end event. The two's only previous meeting was then a second round in Marseille, in Djokovic's first tournament after his Australian Open win, where the Frenchman had taken the advantage in three sets 6–2, 6–7, 6–3. Simon was once again the first to take the lead in their second encounter, in Shanghai, returning and serving slightly better than his opponent, to snatch the first set 6–4. After calling the trainer to nurse a neck pain at the start of the second set, Simon failed to hold his serve to be led 1–3 by the Serb, who then maintained his break to the end of the 6–3 set. Djokovic took the chance to break at 1–1 in the third, leading 5–4, when, after taking a time out for cramp, the Serb served for the match, and Simon managed to break back to 5–5. The fatigue of the nearly three hours match, though, proved too strong for the Frenchman, who lost his serve at 6–5, allowing Djokovic to finish the match on the score of 4–6, 6–3, 7–5, and reach his first year-end championships final. Andy Murray, victor of Federer in a three-hours match on the previous day, faced Nikolay Davydenko, in his second semifinal showing at the Masters Cup, after 2005, when he lost to David Nalbandian in straight sets. The Murray-Davydenko match was preceded by six previous meetings, split between the two players, in 2006 in Indian Wells (won by Davydenko) and at the US Open (won by Davydenko), in 2007 in Doha (won by Murray) and Indian Wells (won by Murray), and in 2008 in Doha (won by Murray) and Dubai (won by Davydenko). Davydenko broke in the first game, only to be immediately broken back by Murray, but the Russian, who had not played since his last round robin match two days before, proved himself fresher in the course of the game, and was able to take Murray's serve a second time at 5–5, keeping his following service game to score a 7–5 win in the first set. Davydenko capitalized on his momentum to line up five straight games in the second set from 1–2 to 6–2, clinching his 7–5, 6–2 win over Murray in little more than an hour and a half, to reach his fifth final of the season, and his first at the Masters Cup.

Paragraph 19: The outer rim of Hertzsprung has been damaged and modified by several notable impacts (mentioned above) and a number of smaller craters. A chain of small craters, designated Catena Lucretius,  begins at the southeastern outer rim and proceeds toward the west-northwest until it connects with the perimeter of the inner basin. This inner area is less rough than the outer ring of the floor, and is surrounded by a circular range of ridges. The inner perimeter is also pierced by several craters, including Hertzsprung D along the eastern portion and Hertzsprung S on the western side. Nor is the interior of the inner basin free from impacts, including K, H, X, and L, listed in the table below.

Paragraph 20: The order of listed yamas, the names and nature of each yamas, as well as the relative emphasis vary between the texts. Some texts use the reverse of Niyamas in other texts, as Yamas; for example, Vairagya (dispassion from hedonism, somewhat reverse of the niyama Tapas) is described in verse 33 of Trishikhi Brahmana Upanishad in its list for Yamas. Many texts substitute one or more different concepts in their list of Yamas. For example, in the ten Yamas listed by Yatidharma Sangraha, Akrodha (non-anger) is included as a Yamas. Ahirbudhnya Samhita in verse 31.19 and Darshana Upanishad in verses 1.14-15 include Dayā as a Yamas, and explain it as the ethical restraint of not jumping to conclusions, being compassionate to every being and considering suffering of others as one's own. In verse 31.21, Ahirbudhnya Samhita includes Kṣamā as the virtue of forgiveness and restraint from continued agitation from wrong others have done. Mahakala Samhita in verses II.11.723 through II.11.738 lists many of the 10 Yamas above, but explains why it is a virtue in a different way. For example, the text explains Dayā (or Dayaa) is an ethical precept and the restraint from too much and too little emotions. It suggests Dayā reflects one's inner state, is the expression of kindness towards kin, friend, stranger and even a hostile person, and that one must remain good and kind no matter what the circumstances. Refraining from maintaining or teaching ethics gives excuse to deceit and even lying to one's guru to advance in position and life. This view for the Yamas of Dayā is shared in Shandilya Upanishad and Jabala Darshana Upanishad. Atri Samhita in verse 48, lists Anrshamsya (आनृशंस्य) as the restraint from cruelty to any living being by one's actions, words or in thoughts. Shivayoga Dipika in verse 2.9 substitutes Sunrta for Satya, defining Sunrta as "sweet and true speech".

Paragraph 21: The regional district's dominant landform is the Rocky Mountain Trench, which is flanked by the Purcell Mountains and Rocky Mountains on the east and west, and includes the Columbia Valley region, the southern half of which is in the regional district (its northern half is in the Columbia-Shuswap Regional District).  Another distinct area within the regional district is the Elk Valley in the southern Rockies, which is the entrance to the Crowsnest Pass and an important coal-mining region.  Other than the Columbia and Kootenay Rivers, whose valleys form the bottomlands of the Rocky Mountain Trench, also included in the regional district are the northernmost parts of the basins of the Flathead, Moyie and Yahk Rivers (the Moyie and Yahk are tributaries of the Kootenay, entering it in the United States, and the Flathead is a tributary of the Clark Fork in Montana).

Paragraph 22: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 23: The regional district's dominant landform is the Rocky Mountain Trench, which is flanked by the Purcell Mountains and Rocky Mountains on the east and west, and includes the Columbia Valley region, the southern half of which is in the regional district (its northern half is in the Columbia-Shuswap Regional District).  Another distinct area within the regional district is the Elk Valley in the southern Rockies, which is the entrance to the Crowsnest Pass and an important coal-mining region.  Other than the Columbia and Kootenay Rivers, whose valleys form the bottomlands of the Rocky Mountain Trench, also included in the regional district are the northernmost parts of the basins of the Flathead, Moyie and Yahk Rivers (the Moyie and Yahk are tributaries of the Kootenay, entering it in the United States, and the Flathead is a tributary of the Clark Fork in Montana).

Paragraph 24: Britain' Pensions Regulator warned trustees responsible for British defined benefit pension funds that the decrease in the price of gilts and the sharp rise in gilt yields could "trigger a scramble for cash" as "spooked" international financial markets responded to the fiscal policy announced by their new Prime Minister, Liz Truss. The September 2022 United Kingdom mini-budget, introduced in a 23 September statement by Kwasi Kwarteng, Britain's new chancellor, was described by The Economist as "fiscally and politically...reckless". It included £45bn of unfunded tax cuts, as well as energy bill assistance, with no corresponding expenditure reductions to fund the cuts and supports. In response, on 27 September, the value of the pound sterling plunged in foreign exchange markets, reaching a record low against the United States dollar. Yields on long term gilts spiked by 325% in 2022 with yields on 10-year gilts increasing to over 4%its highest interest rate since 2008. Final salary pension schemes hedged with liability-driven investment (LDI) strategies, represented the groups most directly impacted by the massive, unexpected sale of gilts. As the price of gilts held by these funds as assets decreased, trustees were forced to race for cash. These pension schemes hedged with LDI to "ensure their ability to make future payments" but LDI strategies are "very sensitive to fast-moving gilt yields". Of the £2.5 trillion in final salary pension schemes, most use LDI funds to match their liabilities to millions of pensioners with future income. By September 2022, the LDI market totaled approximately £1.6 trillion, according to a Reuters report. With soaring yields on bonds, the government's borrowing costs to finance its policies increasedas did its long term public debt.  In the race for cash, pension funds had to slash positions. As pension trustees sold off gilts, the Bank of England (BOE), which is independent from the British government, took emergency action on 28 September by initiating a two-week £65 billion long-term gilt buy-back programme in an effort to stabilise financial markets and to halt a crisis in the broader economy. By October 11, after the Bank of England's governor, Andrew Bailey, warned that the BOE would not extend the emergency purchases beyond the two week period, the pound fell sharply against the US dollar.In August, the BOE had raised concerns that the rising cost of both energy and food, could push inflation even higher than 10.1%a 40-year record reached in Julyand could trigger a 2022 recession. The BOE delayed a large emergency interest rate increase until the November budget. Britain's flexible exchange rate along with the fact that its public debt in foreign currencies is minimal, provides some protection. In a rare public rebuke of the policies, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) called on Britain to  revise the proposed cuts by targeting relief to the poorest households to avoid "stoking inequality." Moody's, the credit rating agency used by large investors to monitor credit worthiness of nations, cautioned that if the market's loss of confidence in the UK's fiscal strategy was sustained, the result could be "structurally higher funding costs" that "could more permanently weaken the UK's debt affordability." Moody's commentary, which was also critical of the policies, said that these "large unfunded" "fiscal stimulus" and tax cuts would result in increased borrowing costs which would weigh down growth in the medium term.

Paragraph 25: Aldridge's first professional appearance was in the part of Kenneth in French without Tears, at the Palace Theatre, Watford, in August 1939. He was in rep until 1940. His first West End appearance was in This Way to the Tomb, playing the Prologue and the Mechanic, at the Garrick Theatre, 1946; toured with the Arts Council Midland Theatre Company from November 1946 to July 1948; appeared in Nottingham Theatre Trust productions from November 1948 to March 1949, playing Othello in Othello at Nottingham, 1948, and at the Embassy Theatre, 1949; with Birmingham rep, 1949; Old Vic Company at New Theatre, 1949-1950: Love's Labour's Lost, She Stoops to Conquer, The Miser, Hamlet; returned to Arts Council Midland Theatre Company, 1950; Bristol Old Vic, 1951-1952: played Macbeth in Macbeth, Two Gentlemen of Verona, Of Mice and Men; Escapade, at St James's Theatre, Strand, London, 1953–1954; Salad Days, Vaudeville Theatre, 1954; Free as Air, Savoy Theatre, 1957; Moon for the Misbegotten, Arts Theatre, 1960; Vanity Fair, Queen's Theatre, 1962; The Fighting Cock, Duke of York's Theatre, 1966; at Chichester Festival, 1966–1969, and 1971–1972. Heartbreak House, Lyric Theatre, 1967; The Cocktail Party, Wyndham's Theatre, Haymarket, 1968; The Magistrate, Cambridge, 1969; A Bequest to the Nation, Haymarket, 1970; Reunion in Vienna, Piccadilly, 1972; Absurd Person Singular, Criterion Theatre, 1973; The Tempest, Royal Shakespeare Company at The Other Place, 1974; Jeeves, Her Majesty's Theatre, 1975; Lies, Albery Theatre, 1975; The Bed before Yesterday, Lyric Theatre, 1976; Rosmersholm, Haymarket, 1977;The Old Country, Queen's Theatre, 1978; Bedroom Farce, National Theatre at The Prince of Wales, 1978; The Last of Mrs Cheyney, Cambridge, 1980; Noises Off, Lyric, Hammersmith and Savoy, 1982; The Biko Inquest, Riverside, 1984; Relatively Speaking, Greenwich, 1986.

Paragraph 26:  Second Plane. Wizards and sorcerers regularly call up two distinct  kinds of Second Plane denizens. One of them are entities which are easy to invoke, not intelligent but obedient to the sorcerer's commands like a well-trained dog. They appear in the Prime Plane as immaterial entities which cannot be harmed by material weapons. As such they are commonly used as "Dunning Specters" which are sent to appear at night in the bedroom of a recalcitrant debtor and croak all night: "Pay your debts! Pay your debts!" It's a mystery how, without having solid vocal organs, they can agitate the Prime Plane air to make such sounds. Another application of such entities are magic ropes, such as the one by which Jorian escaped execution in Xylar; such a rope is animated by a spirit from the Second Plane, captured and placed into the rope by a wizard (Karadur in this case). Similarly, when dealing with the assassin Malgo who tried to kill Jorian, the wizardess Goania used "a couple of minor spirits", inducing them to enter into lengths of rope which then moved like serpents and wrapped themselves securely around Malgo's ankles and wrists. While not explicitly stated, these seem to have been from the Second Plane. As explained by the wizard Klung in Salimor, the Second Plane spirits in such a rope eventually "leak out and decamp" and the rope needs to be "recharged" by inducing new Second Plane spirits into it. An entirely different kind of Second Planers are the tiny flying beings used as "guardian spirits" or "familiars" (hantu in Salimorese) of whom Belinka is the most well-known example. They resemble a large butterfly, but the pearly body supporting the glossy wings is not an insect's but rather a tiny naked human body, about the size of a normal human's palm. They are nearly translucent, appearing as a floating spot of bluish luminescence, and can also make themselves completely invisible if they choose. Their voices sound like tinkling bells, though it is unclear whether they actually speak or communicate mentally. Since they do not completely materialize on the Prime Plane, they cannot be harmed by humans who "hate bugs". But they are material enough to administer painful stings to humans. They resemble humans not only in the shape of their tiny bodies but also mentally, being capable of both profound thinking and deep emotion, with their love life carried on "on the wing". While the evoked denizens of other Planes only carry out a sorcerer's precise instructions, which they often tend to misunderstand, the Second Plane tiny flying beings need only to be given a general mission and would make their own intelligent decisions on how to implement it, showing much ingenuity and some deceit (as when Belinka tried to mislead Kerin in order to get Nogiri killed). Belinka manifested a strong sense of duty and devotion to her double mission - preserving Kerin's physical safety and keeping him chaste and faithful to Adeliza, the wayward girl he left behind. Kerin suspected that some of Belinka's outbursts of strong jealousy were her own emotions as well as dutiful acts on Adeliza's behalf. When faced with failure, Kerin having married Nogiri and consummated that marriage, Belinka expressed despair and stated that, were she on her own plane, she would have immolated herself in a volcano - though she later found consolation in starting a relationship with Sendu, a male of her own kind. It's unclear if such a strong sense of duty was Belinka's personal character trait or typical of all her species. And there is no information on the relationship, while on their native Plane, between Belinka's kind and the non-intelligent, rope-animating spirits. Gambling houses in Salimor sometimes employ Second Plane "familiars" to prevent the use of magic by dishonest gamblers. Their use in courts as "lie detectors" was proposed, since they are skilled in reading human facial expressions - but the idea was dropped due to strong opposition by lawyers.

Paragraph 27: Hans' father, Albert, left Germany in 1933 to escape the persecution of Jews by the Nazi government. Heeding his father's advice, Hans emigrated from Switzerland to Greenville, South Carolina, in 1938. He worked for the US Department of Agriculture, studying sediment transport from 1938 to 1943. He continued working for the USDA at the California Institute of Technology starting in 1943. In 1947 he took a position as associate professor of hydraulic engineering at the University of California, Berkeley. He advanced to full professor, and later professor emeritus.  Einstein traveled the world to participate in hydraulic engineering conferences. He was at a symposium at Woods Hole in Massachusetts when he collapsed and died from heart failure on July 26, 1973.

Paragraph 28: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 29: Joe Newcombe, Adam Cann and Joel Pearce come from Thornbury, a market town in South Gloucestershire approximately 12 miles (19 km) north of Bristol. From age 13, Newcombe and Cann had played together in various bands (Cradle Of Fluff, Alcoholic Spider). They met Pearce (then a member of Enigma Design) while playing in pubs in the Thornbury region. When Newcombe went to university he met Dean Bowden and subsequently Newcombe, Bowden and Cann went on to play together in a band called Just For Hustlers. Deciding they wanted to try something different, they then recruited Pearce (who had discussed starting a band with Cann during Friday drinking sessions) and thus completed the Flights line-up. 

Paragraph 30:  MS-DOS 2.0-7.0 / PC DOS 2.0-6.3 MBRs do not pass on the DL value received on entry, but they rather use the boot status entry in the partition table entry of the selected primary partition as physical boot drive unit. Since this is, by convention,  in most MBR partition tables, it won't change things unless the BIOS attempted to boot off a physical device other than the first fixed disk / removable drive in the row. This is also the reason why these operating systems cannot boot off a second hard disk, etc. Some FDISK tools allow to mark partitions on secondary disks as "active" as well. In this situation, knowing that these operating systems cannot boot off other drives anyway, some of them continue to use the traditionally fixed value of  as active marker, whereas others use values corresponding with the currently assigned physical drive unit (, ), thereby allowing booting from other drives, at least in theory. In fact, this will work with many MBR codes, which take a set bit 7 of the boot status entry as active flag rather than insisting on , however, MS-DOS/PC DOS MBRs are hard-wired to accept the fixed value of  only. Storing the actual physical drive number in the partition table will also cause problems, when the BIOS assignment of physical drives changes, for example when drives are removed, added or swapped. Therefore, for a normal MBR accepting bit 7 as active flag and otherwise just using and passing on to the VBR the DL value originally provided by the BIOS allows for maximum flexibility. MS-DOS 7.1 - 8.0 MBRs have changed to treat bit 7 as active flag and any values .. as invalid, but they still take the physical drive unit from the partition table rather than using the DL value provided by the BIOS. DR-DOS 7.07 extended MBRs treat bit 7 as active flag and use and pass on the BIOS DL value by default (including non-standard values .. used by some BIOSes also for partitioned media), but they also provide a special NEWLDR configuration block in order to support alternative boot methods in conjunction with LOADER and REAL/32 as well as to change the detail behaviour of the MBR, so that it can also work with drive values retrieved from the partition table (important in conjunction with LOADER and AAPs, see NEWLDR offset 0x000C), translate Wyse non-standard drive units .. to .., and optionally fix up the drive value (stored at offset 0x019 in the Extended BIOS Parameter Block (EBPB) or at sector offset 0x01FD  ) in loaded VBRs before passing execution to them (see NEWLDR offset 0x0014)—this also allows other boot loaders to use NEWLDR as a chain-loader, configure its in-memory image on the fly and "tunnel" the loading of VBRs, EBRs, or AAPs through NEWLDR.

Paragraph 31: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 32: In the 12 years Ken Hind represented Dilworth he supported the Save Longridge Campaign argued against a number of planning applications and against excessive development of housing At the time Hind stated, "Currently there are about 3,000 households here, but if all the developments applied for are approved – over 1,000 houses in Longridge, plus 503 on the Preston side a stone’s throw from the town centre – that’s potentially a 50pc increase."  Hind also called for greater co-operation with the bordering City of Preston over planning policy. Hind believed that ultimately the inability of Planning Authorities to appeal the decisions of Planning Inspectors was what was responsible for the Ribble Valley being "under siege" from developers. As he stated at the time, "Unelected inspectors in planning appeals interpret the National Planning Policy Framework without the right of appeal to the courts to check if their conclusions are correct. Planning departments like ours locally are under huge pressure and have to interpret planning law in the light of day-to-day changes. You only ever destroy a green field once. It’s a precious commodity which can never be replaced." In 2010 he initiated the creation of Longridge Town Team to encourage commercial development.  This included support to expand one of the major employers in Longridge, Singletons cheese manufacturers. He encouraged the Town Council to create a Neighbourhood Plan which was successfully approved in 2018  and supported and pressed through the Council preservation of the Longridge recreation ground by deed in trust, to preserve this communal space for future generations. Along with the Longridge Councillors Hind supported the demolition of part of a dilapidated mill to allow Singletons cheese manufacturer, one of the largest employers in Longridge to expand on their existing site and not relocate outside the Borough.  Hind also pressed with other councillors with Lancashire County Council for the preservation of the Longridge youth centre in Berry Lane which now remains open and improvement of youth services in the town. As RVBC representative to the Longridge Social Enterprise Company he supported the project driven by Rupert Swarbrick to renovate the old station buildings, now the headquarters of the Town Council, cafe, heritage centre and community facility.

Paragraph 33: In the 19th century the area was part of the Town of Newtown (now Elmhurst). The adjacent area of Winfield was largely incorporated into the post office serving Woodside and as a consequence Winfield lost much of its identity distinct from Woodside. However, with large-scale residential development in the 1860s, Woodside became the largest Irish American community in Queens, being approximately 80% Irish by the 1930s and maintaining a strong Irish culture today. In the early 1990s, many Asian American families include a large Filipino community moved into the area, and as a result the current population is 30% Asian American. South Asians and Latinos have also moved to Woodside in recent years.

Paragraph 34: In the 19th century the area was part of the Town of Newtown (now Elmhurst). The adjacent area of Winfield was largely incorporated into the post office serving Woodside and as a consequence Winfield lost much of its identity distinct from Woodside. However, with large-scale residential development in the 1860s, Woodside became the largest Irish American community in Queens, being approximately 80% Irish by the 1930s and maintaining a strong Irish culture today. In the early 1990s, many Asian American families include a large Filipino community moved into the area, and as a result the current population is 30% Asian American. South Asians and Latinos have also moved to Woodside in recent years.

Paragraph 35: The first recognised UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships took place in Paris (France) in 1950 and was won by Jean Robic, of France. Between 1950 and 1966 the championship was open to both amateurs and professionals. From 1967 to 1993 two separate championships were organised – one for amateurs and one for professionals. From 1994 the championship became a single event again open to all elite riders. A junior world championship was introduced in 1976. All are organized by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), and the winner has the right to wear the rainbow jersey for a full year, like the winners of the world championships in other cycling disciplines.

Paragraph 36: Nneka Agu is on a journey to avenge her mother's death. The film starts with a flashback with Little Nneka and her parents celebrating her mother's 32nd birthday. She witnesses the killing of her parents by strange men and runs off. In the present day, Nneka is a waitress working with a critical boss, Gbenga and a bubbly co-waitress, Ada. She flirts with a customer named Tony Okechukwu. She has dreams about her mother and visits a soothsayer to get answers about her dreams. She starts having audiovisual hallucinations and ends up at sea, where she is possessed by a snake. Upon attaining her powers, the Queen Mother appears to Nneka in a mirror and narrates to her how she (queen mother) lost her powers to a former acquaintance of hers and how Nneka's mother was a member of their coven. Nneka teleports to a mystical land where she meets the Queen Mother who gives her instructions. Her target is a man named Udoka Ojukwu and his partners at the Island Development Project. Nneka seduces Udoka Ojukwu, kills him, and then makes away with his money. She lives lavish and buys the restaurant she used to work in and fired her former boss. The pathologist asserts that Ojukwu died from a snakebite. She kills Dr. Fatima during at an event by offering her a poisoned perfume. She goes home with Tony, but disappears when she notices a ring and a picture of him with a woman who turned out to be his dead wife. Inspector Daniel begins his investigation at the Ojukwus. Queen Mother's beads increase in number with each death. Nneka attacks Tega Oghenekaro at night in order to go undetected. She cuts the power at his mansion and breaks in. She unsuccessfully tries to kill him and escapes. She targets Tony's aunt, Chinonye Nzegwu Ejike. She throws her from a height, killing her. Tony's sister, Tessy shows up and gives Nneka a hard time. Nneka puts a spell on bananas which Tessy eats and appears to have a change of mind concerning Nneka. Meanwhile, Queen Mother instructs Nneka to kill Alhaji Abdullahi next; he boards his private jet and Nneka poses as the hostess. His death of a cardiac arrest and the missing air hostess are announced in the news. Tony introduces Nneka to Tega Oghenekaro as his "girlfriend and future wife". She follows Tega to his office, surprised to see her, she kills him. Nneka launches her company, Brickwood Housing and throws a soirée where Tony is upset about his uncle's death. Inspector Daniel shows up to question Tony about his alibi. Nneka hands the inspector a pen which is similar to a pen he saw amongst Udoka Ojukwu's things. This piques his interest. He shows up at Tony's flat and meets only Nneka, she realises that he is on to her, and they engage in a fight, but she kills him. Tony invites Nneka to dinner with his family. His father is Anthony Okechukwu, her next target. She expresses concern to Queen mother as she has to decide between killing the father of or marrying the love of her life. Queen mother warns Nneka that Anthony is a strong man. Nneka meets Anthony in his chapel, and he exorcises her. In order to ensure that the Queen Mother does not regain her powers, Anthony stabs himself. It becomes evident the Queen Mother used Nneka as a pawn and ordered the killing of Nneka's parents. Anthony informs her that she is the rightful Queen Mother and she will dethrone the Queen Mother on her 32nd birthday. Ada dies in a fire at the restaurant. Queen Mother challenges Nneka and asks her to kill Tony also to Nneka's chagrin. Nneka and Tony go on a vacation and the Queen Mother possesses Nneka's body and a battle ensues. Nneka encourages Tony to stab her in order to free herself of the Queen Mother. Nneka's mother appears unto her and expresses pride as her actions have brought an end to the reign of the Queen Mother misused her powers. Nneka opens a restaurant in honour of Ada and Richard Williams is one of the first customers.

Paragraph 37: Son of the Mask is a 2005 superhero comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman. A stand-alone sequel to The Mask (1994), it is the second installment in The Mask franchise, an adaptation of the comic book series of the same name by Dark Horse Comics. The film stars Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery, an aspiring animator from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask. It also stars Alan Cumming as Loki, whom Odin has ordered to find the Mask. It co-stars Traylor Howard, Kal Penn, Steven Wright, Bob Hoskins as Odin, and Ryan and Liam Falconer as Tim's baby Alvey. Ben Stein makes a brief reappearance at the beginning of the film as Doctor Arthur Neuman from the original film. The film was a critical and financial failure upon release, grossing $59.9 million against its $84–100 million budget.

Paragraph 38: The order of listed yamas, the names and nature of each yamas, as well as the relative emphasis vary between the texts. Some texts use the reverse of Niyamas in other texts, as Yamas; for example, Vairagya (dispassion from hedonism, somewhat reverse of the niyama Tapas) is described in verse 33 of Trishikhi Brahmana Upanishad in its list for Yamas. Many texts substitute one or more different concepts in their list of Yamas. For example, in the ten Yamas listed by Yatidharma Sangraha, Akrodha (non-anger) is included as a Yamas. Ahirbudhnya Samhita in verse 31.19 and Darshana Upanishad in verses 1.14-15 include Dayā as a Yamas, and explain it as the ethical restraint of not jumping to conclusions, being compassionate to every being and considering suffering of others as one's own. In verse 31.21, Ahirbudhnya Samhita includes Kṣamā as the virtue of forgiveness and restraint from continued agitation from wrong others have done. Mahakala Samhita in verses II.11.723 through II.11.738 lists many of the 10 Yamas above, but explains why it is a virtue in a different way. For example, the text explains Dayā (or Dayaa) is an ethical precept and the restraint from too much and too little emotions. It suggests Dayā reflects one's inner state, is the expression of kindness towards kin, friend, stranger and even a hostile person, and that one must remain good and kind no matter what the circumstances. Refraining from maintaining or teaching ethics gives excuse to deceit and even lying to one's guru to advance in position and life. This view for the Yamas of Dayā is shared in Shandilya Upanishad and Jabala Darshana Upanishad. Atri Samhita in verse 48, lists Anrshamsya (आनृशंस्य) as the restraint from cruelty to any living being by one's actions, words or in thoughts. Shivayoga Dipika in verse 2.9 substitutes Sunrta for Satya, defining Sunrta as "sweet and true speech".

Paragraph 39: The singles semifinals saw first facing Novak Djokovic and Gilles Simon, both in their first semifinal appearances at the year-end event. The two's only previous meeting was then a second round in Marseille, in Djokovic's first tournament after his Australian Open win, where the Frenchman had taken the advantage in three sets 6–2, 6–7, 6–3. Simon was once again the first to take the lead in their second encounter, in Shanghai, returning and serving slightly better than his opponent, to snatch the first set 6–4. After calling the trainer to nurse a neck pain at the start of the second set, Simon failed to hold his serve to be led 1–3 by the Serb, who then maintained his break to the end of the 6–3 set. Djokovic took the chance to break at 1–1 in the third, leading 5–4, when, after taking a time out for cramp, the Serb served for the match, and Simon managed to break back to 5–5. The fatigue of the nearly three hours match, though, proved too strong for the Frenchman, who lost his serve at 6–5, allowing Djokovic to finish the match on the score of 4–6, 6–3, 7–5, and reach his first year-end championships final. Andy Murray, victor of Federer in a three-hours match on the previous day, faced Nikolay Davydenko, in his second semifinal showing at the Masters Cup, after 2005, when he lost to David Nalbandian in straight sets. The Murray-Davydenko match was preceded by six previous meetings, split between the two players, in 2006 in Indian Wells (won by Davydenko) and at the US Open (won by Davydenko), in 2007 in Doha (won by Murray) and Indian Wells (won by Murray), and in 2008 in Doha (won by Murray) and Dubai (won by Davydenko). Davydenko broke in the first game, only to be immediately broken back by Murray, but the Russian, who had not played since his last round robin match two days before, proved himself fresher in the course of the game, and was able to take Murray's serve a second time at 5–5, keeping his following service game to score a 7–5 win in the first set. Davydenko capitalized on his momentum to line up five straight games in the second set from 1–2 to 6–2, clinching his 7–5, 6–2 win over Murray in little more than an hour and a half, to reach his fifth final of the season, and his first at the Masters Cup.

Paragraph 40:  Second Plane. Wizards and sorcerers regularly call up two distinct  kinds of Second Plane denizens. One of them are entities which are easy to invoke, not intelligent but obedient to the sorcerer's commands like a well-trained dog. They appear in the Prime Plane as immaterial entities which cannot be harmed by material weapons. As such they are commonly used as "Dunning Specters" which are sent to appear at night in the bedroom of a recalcitrant debtor and croak all night: "Pay your debts! Pay your debts!" It's a mystery how, without having solid vocal organs, they can agitate the Prime Plane air to make such sounds. Another application of such entities are magic ropes, such as the one by which Jorian escaped execution in Xylar; such a rope is animated by a spirit from the Second Plane, captured and placed into the rope by a wizard (Karadur in this case). Similarly, when dealing with the assassin Malgo who tried to kill Jorian, the wizardess Goania used "a couple of minor spirits", inducing them to enter into lengths of rope which then moved like serpents and wrapped themselves securely around Malgo's ankles and wrists. While not explicitly stated, these seem to have been from the Second Plane. As explained by the wizard Klung in Salimor, the Second Plane spirits in such a rope eventually "leak out and decamp" and the rope needs to be "recharged" by inducing new Second Plane spirits into it. An entirely different kind of Second Planers are the tiny flying beings used as "guardian spirits" or "familiars" (hantu in Salimorese) of whom Belinka is the most well-known example. They resemble a large butterfly, but the pearly body supporting the glossy wings is not an insect's but rather a tiny naked human body, about the size of a normal human's palm. They are nearly translucent, appearing as a floating spot of bluish luminescence, and can also make themselves completely invisible if they choose. Their voices sound like tinkling bells, though it is unclear whether they actually speak or communicate mentally. Since they do not completely materialize on the Prime Plane, they cannot be harmed by humans who "hate bugs". But they are material enough to administer painful stings to humans. They resemble humans not only in the shape of their tiny bodies but also mentally, being capable of both profound thinking and deep emotion, with their love life carried on "on the wing". While the evoked denizens of other Planes only carry out a sorcerer's precise instructions, which they often tend to misunderstand, the Second Plane tiny flying beings need only to be given a general mission and would make their own intelligent decisions on how to implement it, showing much ingenuity and some deceit (as when Belinka tried to mislead Kerin in order to get Nogiri killed). Belinka manifested a strong sense of duty and devotion to her double mission - preserving Kerin's physical safety and keeping him chaste and faithful to Adeliza, the wayward girl he left behind. Kerin suspected that some of Belinka's outbursts of strong jealousy were her own emotions as well as dutiful acts on Adeliza's behalf. When faced with failure, Kerin having married Nogiri and consummated that marriage, Belinka expressed despair and stated that, were she on her own plane, she would have immolated herself in a volcano - though she later found consolation in starting a relationship with Sendu, a male of her own kind. It's unclear if such a strong sense of duty was Belinka's personal character trait or typical of all her species. And there is no information on the relationship, while on their native Plane, between Belinka's kind and the non-intelligent, rope-animating spirits. Gambling houses in Salimor sometimes employ Second Plane "familiars" to prevent the use of magic by dishonest gamblers. Their use in courts as "lie detectors" was proposed, since they are skilled in reading human facial expressions - but the idea was dropped due to strong opposition by lawyers.

Paragraph 41: The order of listed yamas, the names and nature of each yamas, as well as the relative emphasis vary between the texts. Some texts use the reverse of Niyamas in other texts, as Yamas; for example, Vairagya (dispassion from hedonism, somewhat reverse of the niyama Tapas) is described in verse 33 of Trishikhi Brahmana Upanishad in its list for Yamas. Many texts substitute one or more different concepts in their list of Yamas. For example, in the ten Yamas listed by Yatidharma Sangraha, Akrodha (non-anger) is included as a Yamas. Ahirbudhnya Samhita in verse 31.19 and Darshana Upanishad in verses 1.14-15 include Dayā as a Yamas, and explain it as the ethical restraint of not jumping to conclusions, being compassionate to every being and considering suffering of others as one's own. In verse 31.21, Ahirbudhnya Samhita includes Kṣamā as the virtue of forgiveness and restraint from continued agitation from wrong others have done. Mahakala Samhita in verses II.11.723 through II.11.738 lists many of the 10 Yamas above, but explains why it is a virtue in a different way. For example, the text explains Dayā (or Dayaa) is an ethical precept and the restraint from too much and too little emotions. It suggests Dayā reflects one's inner state, is the expression of kindness towards kin, friend, stranger and even a hostile person, and that one must remain good and kind no matter what the circumstances. Refraining from maintaining or teaching ethics gives excuse to deceit and even lying to one's guru to advance in position and life. This view for the Yamas of Dayā is shared in Shandilya Upanishad and Jabala Darshana Upanishad. Atri Samhita in verse 48, lists Anrshamsya (आनृशंस्य) as the restraint from cruelty to any living being by one's actions, words or in thoughts. Shivayoga Dipika in verse 2.9 substitutes Sunrta for Satya, defining Sunrta as "sweet and true speech".

Paragraph 42: The singles semifinals saw first facing Novak Djokovic and Gilles Simon, both in their first semifinal appearances at the year-end event. The two's only previous meeting was then a second round in Marseille, in Djokovic's first tournament after his Australian Open win, where the Frenchman had taken the advantage in three sets 6–2, 6–7, 6–3. Simon was once again the first to take the lead in their second encounter, in Shanghai, returning and serving slightly better than his opponent, to snatch the first set 6–4. After calling the trainer to nurse a neck pain at the start of the second set, Simon failed to hold his serve to be led 1–3 by the Serb, who then maintained his break to the end of the 6–3 set. Djokovic took the chance to break at 1–1 in the third, leading 5–4, when, after taking a time out for cramp, the Serb served for the match, and Simon managed to break back to 5–5. The fatigue of the nearly three hours match, though, proved too strong for the Frenchman, who lost his serve at 6–5, allowing Djokovic to finish the match on the score of 4–6, 6–3, 7–5, and reach his first year-end championships final. Andy Murray, victor of Federer in a three-hours match on the previous day, faced Nikolay Davydenko, in his second semifinal showing at the Masters Cup, after 2005, when he lost to David Nalbandian in straight sets. The Murray-Davydenko match was preceded by six previous meetings, split between the two players, in 2006 in Indian Wells (won by Davydenko) and at the US Open (won by Davydenko), in 2007 in Doha (won by Murray) and Indian Wells (won by Murray), and in 2008 in Doha (won by Murray) and Dubai (won by Davydenko). Davydenko broke in the first game, only to be immediately broken back by Murray, but the Russian, who had not played since his last round robin match two days before, proved himself fresher in the course of the game, and was able to take Murray's serve a second time at 5–5, keeping his following service game to score a 7–5 win in the first set. Davydenko capitalized on his momentum to line up five straight games in the second set from 1–2 to 6–2, clinching his 7–5, 6–2 win over Murray in little more than an hour and a half, to reach his fifth final of the season, and his first at the Masters Cup.

Paragraph 43: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 44: Appaasaami, an appalam merchant and his wife Bhaakyam, are a childless couple. Ravi, a law college student, who is also a football player, works part-time, distributing newspapers to houses and as a tutor for managing his educational and accommodation expenses. Thaandavam has a large family, including his wife, son Subbu and nine other children. Kaanchana, whose manager is Naesamani Ponnaiyaa, lives with her father Raajavaelu, a man with mental disorientation and is looked after by Nurse Christy. Raajavaelu came to this state because he lost  given by Naesamani Ponnaiyaa in Kolkata Palace Hotel. One time, Subbu requests his father Thaandavam to give  to watch an English film but he refuses. So Subbu steals a seemingly old chair from their house, which unbeknownst to him, but known to his father and mother, is a magical Nawab's chair) and sells it at an auction shop for 25. The auction shop owner sells the chair for  to Appaasaami telling that the chair, once owned by the Nawab, blessed the Nawab with many kids. Hearing this Appaasami brings the chair to his house. Meanwhile, Thaandavam, on hearing that the chair was sold to auction shop and later to Appaasami, sends his son, Subbu, out of the house. Thaandavam makes a plan to steal the chair from Appaasami's house. So he portrays himself as a Saadhu and forgetting that he chased Subbu out of his house, tells Appaasami that in order to bear a child, Appaasami must have a family with 10 kids to live in their house as tenants. Ravi, at this time, comes to meet Thaandavam for accommodation. Thaandavam requests Ravi to act as his son and they all enter Appaasami's house. Believing that Ravi has stolen that 2 lakh from her father, Kaanchana joins Thaandavam as his sister's daughter and enters Appaasami's house, though she later realises that Ravi did not steal that money. Her suspicion then falls on Appaasami and Subbu, but on inquiry it is found that they are also innocent. One day, Ravi sees three people trying to steal the Nawab's chair with the help someone signalling with a handkerchief from within the house. He decides to play a drama and tears off the chair seat, from which Raajavelu's stolen money flies from where it was stashed. Thaandavam claims it to be his money, but on inquiry, he says that money was given by Raajavelu. Unconvinced, Thaandavam is taken to Raajavelu's house. On hearing the news that money has been found but can no longer be retrieved, Raajavelu, who has been acting as a mad man, truly becomes mad. Ravi then decides to give the money to the government as it is black money. After Thaandavam's ploy is revealed, Appaasami decides to throw Thaandavam and his family out, but on hearing that his wife is pregnant, he changes his mind and requests everyone to stay with him.

Paragraph 45: In 2016, Gilman auditioned for season 11 of the US edition of The Voice. The emotional introduction piece showed him with his supportive parents clearly introducing him as a child star and the fact that he had come out as gay in 2014. He was shown declaring to The Voice host Carson Daly backstage: "I had to come to grips with being gay... I took a long time to rebuild vocally, but it was coming back, and then coming to grips with who I was personally, I also came to grips with who I was as a singer. You know, I love my country music roots, but deep down, I really always wanted to be a pop singer. It's actually nerve-racking to stand here and just be 100 percent me. There's only one shot to reinvent myself."

Paragraph 46: Son of the Mask is a 2005 superhero comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman. A stand-alone sequel to The Mask (1994), it is the second installment in The Mask franchise, an adaptation of the comic book series of the same name by Dark Horse Comics. The film stars Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery, an aspiring animator from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask. It also stars Alan Cumming as Loki, whom Odin has ordered to find the Mask. It co-stars Traylor Howard, Kal Penn, Steven Wright, Bob Hoskins as Odin, and Ryan and Liam Falconer as Tim's baby Alvey. Ben Stein makes a brief reappearance at the beginning of the film as Doctor Arthur Neuman from the original film. The film was a critical and financial failure upon release, grossing $59.9 million against its $84–100 million budget.