Paragraph 1: After two years, the international geoscience community including experts from Japan, Canada, United States, Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Hong Kong, UK, Taiwan and the Philippines, came together in Tacloban and St. Bernard to examine known information on the Guinsaugon disaster.  In addition, the workshop was tasked with determining the next steps as Leyte and the Philippines move forward from the world's deadliest single-event landslide since 1998.  The landslide is classified as a rock slide-debris avalanche using the Varnes (1978) or Cruden and Varnes (1996) classification.  Volume estimates in recent publications range between 14 MCM (million cubic metres) and 20 MCM, converging on or about 15 MCM. There is general accord among scientists that high precipitation a week prior to the failure contributed to the conditions at failure, but the 5 day delay between the rain and the landslide, and the fact that Southern Leyte regularly gets high overall levels of precipitation means that the precise nature of that contribution is unknown.  Similarly, the role of minor ground shaking that occurred at about the same time is still uncertain. "Was the landslide caused by ground shaking or excessive rain? This is one of the things that is not yet resolved." said Dr. Mark Albert Zarco, a professor at the Department of Engineering Sciences, University of the Philippines Diliman in a news story. Importantly, the geological and geomorphological history of the slope including, for example, the prominent strike-slip movement of about 2.5 cm per year, has ultimately lead to failures all along the scarp, including the one that buried Guinsaugon.  Richard Guthrie, of University of Waterloo, Canada, stated: "We have had very large rains and we have had very large earthquakes in the past; The rocks have been stretched and strained. As time moves on, the rock begins to age and die and finally it collapses. The important thing is that we’re able to know the preconditioning of the slopes." Scientists are currently building a synthesis paper on the landslide and a set of recommendations regarding the next steps for the Philippines in relation to landslide hazards.

Paragraph 2: He was born on 31 October 1926 in Tassaft Ouguemoun, a small town in the Djurdjura. Orphan, he was the son of Amirouche Aït Hamouda and Fatima Aït Mendes Bent Ramdane. When his father died, he inherited his first name, as tradition required. A year after his birth, his widowed mother took his two children, Boussad, the eldest, and himself; she left her husband's village to join the hamlet from which she came, Ighil Bwammas, a short distance away. The family of the maternal uncles being itself very poor, the young Amirouche had to learn from an early age to make himself useful in order to survive and, if necessary, to help his mother and his brother, who was three years older than him. In the region, it is customary for boys whose parents have died or are particularly poor to serve in the homes of wealthier families, where they are fed in exchange for assistance bordering on servitude. In this way, people may spend their lives in a form of perpetual servitude, with no guarantee other than that they will be given their daily rations. This status is called 'acrik', which is equivalent to that of the serf in medieval Europe. This was the fate of Amirouche Aït Hamouda from his early childhood. However, he succeeded in getting an education while carrying out his numerous and arduous tasks. These few years at school were decisive in his life: he learned to read and write and developed a capacity for listening that enabled him to satisfy his curious mind all his life.

Paragraph 3: In August 1900 work began on a new chapel for the College. It was blessed and opened on 3 May 1901. Its architect was Commanditori Leonardi, the papal architect for Pope Leo XIII and a friend of Verdon's. Built in true Roman style, with semicircular windows, marble altar, gilded copper ceiling and classic ionic pilasters, the chapel was an important part of Verdon's attempt to recreate at Mosgiel the spiritual atmosphere of Rome. The first ordination in the chapel occurred in 1902 when Patrick O'Neill was ordained a deacon. In 1902 the enrollment had doubled to 22. On 12 December 1909 Verdon ordained the first six priests from the seminary. The establishment of Holy Cross College was a significant step forward for the Church in New Zealand ensuring an adequate supply of clergy trained in New Zealand and also creating "a very real bond between the secular priests of the country". From the beginning Holy Cross Seminary was designed to equip priests to minister within an established minority community and to preserve the identity of that community. The seminary gave to its students a monastic type formation. Only by separating people from the world and giving them a new vision would they be able to re-enter the world and save people from it. Over the next 50 years the College became even more like a monastery. Even though it was located near the bustling city of Dunedin, it was yet set apart in relative isolation. It became an oasis of prayer, study and seclusion. The gradual establishment of various institutions like a printery, bindery, butchery, darkroom and farm separated it from the life of the surrounding community. New buildings were added as the twentieth century progressed. In 1963 a new chapel, called the Verdon chapel, was completed and the remains of Bishop Verdon were reinterred there during a Pontifical Requiem Mass offered by Archbishop Liston The function of preparation for entering Holy Cross College was fulfilled from 1947 by the founding of Holy Name Seminary, Christchurch, a minor seminary operated by the Jesuits. From 1954, this seminary assumed responsibility for teaching the Philosophy section of the seminary curriculum as a major seminary. The monastic and separatist ideal was challenged after the Second Vatican Council and the publication of Gaudium et spes ("the Pastoral Constitution on the Church in the Modern World"). The emphasis changed to interaction with the world. The College collaborated with the University of Otago in the introduction of Bachelor of Theology degree and courses in pastoral studies were introduced in addition to the traditional focus on theology and philosophy. The College was staffed by secular clergy and others until 1934 and then by the Vincentian order until 1989. In the 98 years that the College was at Mosgiel (1900-1997) it had 1302 students. Of those, 648 were ordained at the end of their studies as priests.

Paragraph 4: After two years, the international geoscience community including experts from Japan, Canada, United States, Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Hong Kong, UK, Taiwan and the Philippines, came together in Tacloban and St. Bernard to examine known information on the Guinsaugon disaster.  In addition, the workshop was tasked with determining the next steps as Leyte and the Philippines move forward from the world's deadliest single-event landslide since 1998.  The landslide is classified as a rock slide-debris avalanche using the Varnes (1978) or Cruden and Varnes (1996) classification.  Volume estimates in recent publications range between 14 MCM (million cubic metres) and 20 MCM, converging on or about 15 MCM. There is general accord among scientists that high precipitation a week prior to the failure contributed to the conditions at failure, but the 5 day delay between the rain and the landslide, and the fact that Southern Leyte regularly gets high overall levels of precipitation means that the precise nature of that contribution is unknown.  Similarly, the role of minor ground shaking that occurred at about the same time is still uncertain. "Was the landslide caused by ground shaking or excessive rain? This is one of the things that is not yet resolved." said Dr. Mark Albert Zarco, a professor at the Department of Engineering Sciences, University of the Philippines Diliman in a news story. Importantly, the geological and geomorphological history of the slope including, for example, the prominent strike-slip movement of about 2.5 cm per year, has ultimately lead to failures all along the scarp, including the one that buried Guinsaugon.  Richard Guthrie, of University of Waterloo, Canada, stated: "We have had very large rains and we have had very large earthquakes in the past; The rocks have been stretched and strained. As time moves on, the rock begins to age and die and finally it collapses. The important thing is that we’re able to know the preconditioning of the slopes." Scientists are currently building a synthesis paper on the landslide and a set of recommendations regarding the next steps for the Philippines in relation to landslide hazards.

Paragraph 5: One year later, Korvac assumed the alias of a scientist named "Fuller Tiehard" and attended a party held by Tony Stark at his brownstone in the Lower East Side where he talked to him about harnessing electricity for an energy source. When Iron Man and Hellcat went on patrol and found Unicorn stealing the Gutenberg Bible, Korvac witnessed the fight. After Unicorn was defeated, Korvac caused a lightning bolt to strike Iron Man enough to destroy the Gutenberg Bible. Iron Man later went to visit "Fuller Tiehard" at his cabin near Tiehard Lightning Site I to see how his project works. As he is given a tour, he is suddenly struck by pink lightning. Tony then sees that Korvac has Unicorn, Blizzard, and Controller at his side while mentioning his plans to become a demigod with the energies of the Earth that he'll harvest while selecting which of Iron Man's enemies to deal with him. Hellcat shows up where she rams Korvac and Unicorn before helping Iron Man fight Blizzard and Controller. When Unicorn recovers, he joins the fight and calls Korvac the "Other." Iron Man and Hellcat fight off the villains as Korvac recovers and blasts them with lightning while saying "So says Korvac." Iron Man recovered, but Hellcat remains still. Upon hearing that Iron Man survived the attack, Korvac, Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn captured James Rhodes so that Iron Man wouldn't interfere. Then they went to Galactus' Worldship Taa II where Korvac started to absorb the electrical grid of New York City to become more powerful. Iron Man and Hellcat work on a plan to rescue James starting with them recruiting the deaf mutant Halcyon. To rescue James Rhodes from Korvac, Iron Man, Hellcat, and Halcyon recruit Gargoyle, Scarlet Spider, Misty Knight, and Frog-Man to aid them. While shaving off his goatee, Korvac is told by Unicorn that Guardsman is in position. He then proceeds to work on persuading Hellcat to her side upon her hearing her voice. When confronted on the streets by Korvac, Hellcat electrocutes herself. When Iron Man confronts Korvac at the waterfront, Korvac states that he is only taking over the universe with good intentions while the others arrive at the Shi'ar jumpship that Korvac was using. When Misty Knight and those with her are apparently killed in the explosion, Iron Man lashes out against Korvac and fights him until his armor suffers from mobility issues. Korvac calls up Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn telling them that they will leave in 10 minutes and to thank Guardsman for the false ship. After Korvac kicks Iron Man in the neck, his armor's A.I. B.O.S.S. warns Tony about a cervical fracture and the dangers of hypoxia. Korvac then walks away stating to Iron Man that everything will be beautiful.

Paragraph 6: maNga was formed in the year 2001. It was guitarist Yağmur Sarıgül's idea to name the band after Japanese comics. Initially, they were mostly underground, playing covers of other rock and metal bands. The band made the music for Aşık Veysel's poem Kara Toprak, and later used a different poem by Göksel for the song which came to be known as Dursun Zaman (by the title of Göksel's poem "Dursun Zaman"). They came into the public spotlight after becoming runner-up at the Sing your song music contest. This caught the attention of artist manager Hadi Elazzi (GRGDN), who immediately promoted the band to Sony Music, which resulted in their first, self-titled album being published in 2004, becoming a hit. Following this, they performed at various music festivals and have worked with various famous Turkish singers as Koray Candemir (of Kargo fame), Vega and Göksel. On 13 August 2006, maNga became the first Turkish rock band to take stage at the Sziget Festival, Budapest, Hungary. In 2006 they also had concerts in the Netherlands and Germany. Most of their songs are written by the group members. The genre of their music was described by Yağmur, the author of most of the songs, as blending nu metal and hip hop in a "pot" with melodies of Anatolia. maNga's duet with Göksel is included in one of the most successful (with almost a million viewers) Turkish films, Sınav (featuring Jean-Claude Van Damme). Their song Bir kadın çizeceksin was featured among the music of the FIFA 06 game. The band headlined several Turkish music festivals, including Saklıfest, Patlıcan, Rokofest and Rock'n Coke. The band was to take stage in the Wembley Stadium in London, together with Tarkan, but maNga did not perform due to technical difficulties on 13 April 2008. They also played in London's O2 Academy Islington on 4 December 2009. On 12 January 2010 the Turkish broadcaster TRT announced that maNga would be the Turkish representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. They came second with 170 points, behind Germany.

Paragraph 7: After two years, the international geoscience community including experts from Japan, Canada, United States, Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Hong Kong, UK, Taiwan and the Philippines, came together in Tacloban and St. Bernard to examine known information on the Guinsaugon disaster.  In addition, the workshop was tasked with determining the next steps as Leyte and the Philippines move forward from the world's deadliest single-event landslide since 1998.  The landslide is classified as a rock slide-debris avalanche using the Varnes (1978) or Cruden and Varnes (1996) classification.  Volume estimates in recent publications range between 14 MCM (million cubic metres) and 20 MCM, converging on or about 15 MCM. There is general accord among scientists that high precipitation a week prior to the failure contributed to the conditions at failure, but the 5 day delay between the rain and the landslide, and the fact that Southern Leyte regularly gets high overall levels of precipitation means that the precise nature of that contribution is unknown.  Similarly, the role of minor ground shaking that occurred at about the same time is still uncertain. "Was the landslide caused by ground shaking or excessive rain? This is one of the things that is not yet resolved." said Dr. Mark Albert Zarco, a professor at the Department of Engineering Sciences, University of the Philippines Diliman in a news story. Importantly, the geological and geomorphological history of the slope including, for example, the prominent strike-slip movement of about 2.5 cm per year, has ultimately lead to failures all along the scarp, including the one that buried Guinsaugon.  Richard Guthrie, of University of Waterloo, Canada, stated: "We have had very large rains and we have had very large earthquakes in the past; The rocks have been stretched and strained. As time moves on, the rock begins to age and die and finally it collapses. The important thing is that we’re able to know the preconditioning of the slopes." Scientists are currently building a synthesis paper on the landslide and a set of recommendations regarding the next steps for the Philippines in relation to landslide hazards.

Paragraph 8: Shortages of oil could have resulted if Iran closed the Strait of Hormuz, through which one-fifth of exported oil travels, as a result of sanctions due to the country's nuclear policies. The price of oil stayed near $100 throughout January because of concerns over supplies, and the European debt situation. The average price of gas was $3.38 on January 20, up 17 cents from a month earlier. Another factor was planned closing of refineries in the U.S. and Europe due to lower demand. By early February, the national average was $3.48, though oil prices were at $98, the lowest in six weeks, and U.S. demand was the lowest since September 2001. On February 20, benchmark March crude oil reached $105.21, the highest in nine months. This came one day after Iran's oil ministry announced an end to sales to British and French companies; though this would have little actual impact on supplies, fears resulted in higher prices. Also, approval of the bailout plan for Greece was expected, and China's action to raise the money supply was likely to stimulate the economy. Brent crude was up 11% for the year to $119.58 on February 17, with cold weather in Europe and higher Third World demand, and West Texas Intermediate crude was up 19% to $103.24. The average price of gas was $3.53. On February 29, the average was $3.73. The average peaked at $3.94 early in April, and on April 24, it was $3.85 compared to $3.86 a year earlier; it had been two years since gas prices were lower than the previous year. Crude oil prices were down; West Texas Intermediate was $103.55 a barrel, down from over $107 late in March, and Brent Crude $118.16 after peaking above $128 in March. On May 7, benchmark U.S. crude reached $95.34, the lowest price of the year, after voters in France and Greece ousted government officials who would cut spending to solve the debt crisis. Benchmark oil in New York actually rose for two days straight early in June, to $84.29. With U.S. oil supplies the highest since 1990, gas reached $3.57 on June 5. After falling again to its lowest price since October 2011, Benchmark crude rose 5.8% to $82.18 on June 29, with Brent crude up 4.5% to $95.51. European bailout efforts included lending money to banks, decreasing likelihood of failures. Also, European countries decided not to buy Iranian oil. The price of gas was $3.35, the lowest since January 6. On July 17, Benchmark Crude reached $89.22 and Brent crude $104 after good economic news in the United States. Gas rose to $3.40.

Paragraph 9: In 1879 the Congress of Peru authorized President Prado to leave the country in search of arms in New York and naval vessels in Brest, France. On December 18 he left for New York to meet with William R. Grace founder of W.R. Grace (founded in Lima in 1854) and friend of President Prado.  Upon his arrival in New York, he was informed that Nicolas de Pierola had taken control of the capital Lima on December 23.  Nicolas de Pierola had been plotting to take over for many years and had returned to Lima from Santiago just before the war with Chile broke out.  Pierola used Prado's trip to claim Prado had fled the country. These and subsequent accusations were proven false.  Pierola mismanaged the war effort and deserted the capital when Chile troops landed in Barranco, south of Lima.  Despite the occupation of Lima, the war with Chile continued led by General Caceres.  During this phase of the war General Prado's son Leoncio was captured and executed by Chile. General Prado lost three sons in the war with Chile.  An armistice was signed on October 20, 1883, and a final peace treaty was signed in 1929 with the return of Tacna to Peru.  Prado was exonerated by General Caceres and returned to Peru.

Paragraph 10: An old couple are heartbroken because their only daughter runs away with her lover. At that time they see Amravathi (Sanghavi) who is a naive and beautiful girl who runs away from home but does not remember anything else. They decide to take to the police but instead want to raise her as their own daughter. she finds shelter in their  house where she is well taken care of. Her life takes a turn when Arjun (Ajith Kumar) son of a rich business man falls in love with her. Arjun finds excuses to meet her in her house and gets well known with the family. One day with the help of Amravati's friend he manages to lure her into his house without her parents knowing and expresses his love to her and starts taking her to places and they start having the most happiest days of their life. But her foster father fears she will elope too so forbids her to see Arjun but her father understands that they are deeply in love with each other. Just then a newspaper shows there is a missing girl called Angeline and she bears resemblance to Amravati. Arjun sees this and thinks it is Amravati. Just then a doctor comes and recognises Amravati as Angeline and tells Arjun and her foster parents she is Angeline the daughter of a rich businessman. She and her father both never got over the loss of her mother and her uncle tortures them to give him the wealth and Angeline's hand in marriage and makes sure they tell nobody about him., Her father and her decide to kill themselves so the can escape the torture. Her father dies but Angel survives and has amnesia and has forgotten everything. Then the uncle kidnaps Amravati to force her into marriage and also tries to misbehave with her just then Arjun fights him and rescues her. Arjun and Amravati live happy and also it is shown nobody ever told Amravati about her past because they did not want to upset her.

Paragraph 11: In early July 1818, the party was at Mt Harris, 48 km (30 miles) N-NW of present-day Warren, having returned from the Macquarie Marshes seemingly unable to follow the further course of the Macquarie. Oxley had to change his plans since he couldn't follow the Macquarie any further so he sent Evans on to scout ahead, with a small party, to attempt a north-easterly route across the plains and report back. Effectively, Evans would traverse a large loop, heading northeasterly then south westerly, westerly and back to his starting point. Beginning on 8 July 1818 in the north-easterly direction, he first crossed the Castlereagh River around Combara, between Gulargambone and Coonamble. The party then continued on a shallow north-easterly direction until reaching the foothills of the Warrumbungle mountains. From here, Evans started to head back to Oxley's encampment at Mt Harris by turning southwesterly, travelling across land he described as 'an open plain, over which was rather better travelling than we had latterly experienced'. This route brought his party back to the Castlereagh River at a more southerly point than his first crossing, in an area between the future villages of Armatree and Curban (15 miles apart). As he approached the Castlereagh River he described the country as 'low and wet' with their journey being 'dreadfully bad and marshy'.

Paragraph 12: In November 2013, the UN warned the country was at risk of spiralling into genocide, was "descending into complete chaos" and France described the country as "...on the verge of genocide." The UNSC passed resolution 2122 ordering the deployment of MISCA for peacekeeping operations. France then sent additional troops to the few hundred already stationed there, bringing their total number of troops in the country to over 1,000. The UK also had support operations. Similarly, the U.S. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered Africom to coordinate with France in sending its military aircraft to airlift Burundian troops to the country upon the former's urging for support. Following violence in the second weekend of December that killed over 400 people, U.S. President Barack Obama spoke to the "proud citizens of the Central African Republic" and said they have the power "to choose a different path" than the violence that took place. On a trip to Africa for the death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, French President Francois Hollande then arrived in the country on 10 December, the day after the death of two French soldiers from the 8th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment. Accompanied by Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, he claimed that the intervention was "necessary if one wants to avoid carnage here" and that instead it "was time to act. It was soon going to be too late. [The clashes were] taking on a religious dimension with the risk of leading to a civil war. For weeks, massacres were conducted and horrendous violence was done to women and children. France is not here in the CAR out of any self-interest. France has come to defend human dignity." Upon arriving in the country, their Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said there was a need to end the "spiral of atrocities and sectarian violence that is under way. One of your first tasks is to disarm the militias, while ensuring that civilian populations, Muslims as well as Christians, do not become targets of blind reprisals." Fabius said on 15 December, about the possibility of renewed violence after a lull following the UNSC resolution mandating an intervention body, that this "is a real, big problem. Tomorrow, I'll go to the Council of Foreign Ministers and I will ask [our European partners] for stepped-up, more robust aid, including on the ground." Various forms of support had already come from Poland, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain and Belgium; however domestic French support for the mission fell after the death of two French soldiers despite continued advocacy by Hollande. Fabius later said that "we will soon have troops on the ground from our European colleagues." Unnamed diplomats were reported to have suggested Belgium and Poland could send forces who would then be used to relieve the French forces securing the airport.

Paragraph 13: One year later, Korvac assumed the alias of a scientist named "Fuller Tiehard" and attended a party held by Tony Stark at his brownstone in the Lower East Side where he talked to him about harnessing electricity for an energy source. When Iron Man and Hellcat went on patrol and found Unicorn stealing the Gutenberg Bible, Korvac witnessed the fight. After Unicorn was defeated, Korvac caused a lightning bolt to strike Iron Man enough to destroy the Gutenberg Bible. Iron Man later went to visit "Fuller Tiehard" at his cabin near Tiehard Lightning Site I to see how his project works. As he is given a tour, he is suddenly struck by pink lightning. Tony then sees that Korvac has Unicorn, Blizzard, and Controller at his side while mentioning his plans to become a demigod with the energies of the Earth that he'll harvest while selecting which of Iron Man's enemies to deal with him. Hellcat shows up where she rams Korvac and Unicorn before helping Iron Man fight Blizzard and Controller. When Unicorn recovers, he joins the fight and calls Korvac the "Other." Iron Man and Hellcat fight off the villains as Korvac recovers and blasts them with lightning while saying "So says Korvac." Iron Man recovered, but Hellcat remains still. Upon hearing that Iron Man survived the attack, Korvac, Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn captured James Rhodes so that Iron Man wouldn't interfere. Then they went to Galactus' Worldship Taa II where Korvac started to absorb the electrical grid of New York City to become more powerful. Iron Man and Hellcat work on a plan to rescue James starting with them recruiting the deaf mutant Halcyon. To rescue James Rhodes from Korvac, Iron Man, Hellcat, and Halcyon recruit Gargoyle, Scarlet Spider, Misty Knight, and Frog-Man to aid them. While shaving off his goatee, Korvac is told by Unicorn that Guardsman is in position. He then proceeds to work on persuading Hellcat to her side upon her hearing her voice. When confronted on the streets by Korvac, Hellcat electrocutes herself. When Iron Man confronts Korvac at the waterfront, Korvac states that he is only taking over the universe with good intentions while the others arrive at the Shi'ar jumpship that Korvac was using. When Misty Knight and those with her are apparently killed in the explosion, Iron Man lashes out against Korvac and fights him until his armor suffers from mobility issues. Korvac calls up Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn telling them that they will leave in 10 minutes and to thank Guardsman for the false ship. After Korvac kicks Iron Man in the neck, his armor's A.I. B.O.S.S. warns Tony about a cervical fracture and the dangers of hypoxia. Korvac then walks away stating to Iron Man that everything will be beautiful.

Paragraph 14: A remarkable event during World War II was the landing of Rudolf Hess at Eaglesham on 10 May 1941. Shortly after 11 p.m. a Messerschmitt Bf 110 aircraft crashed at Floors Farm with an airman bailing out and landing at Floors Farm. David McLean, a local ploughman, ran out of his cottage at the rear of Floors Farm after hearing an aeroplane crashing and saw a parachutist coming down. McLean assisted the slightly injured airman back to his cottage. The airman, a German officer, identified himself as Captain Albert Horn. Horn was arrested and subsequently taken to the 3 Battalion Home Guard Headquarters at Busby then briefly Giffnock Police Station before being transferred to Maryhill Barracks in Glasgow and other locations before finally being to transported to P.O.W. Reception Station, Abergavenny, South Wales where he remained for the duration of the hostilities. Horn turned out be Deputy Führer Rudolf Hess. Hess apparently claimed that he had flown to Britain with a message for the Duke of Hamilton in an attempt to persuade the British government to restore peace but in poor light mistook his intended destination of Dungavel House near Strathaven as Eaglesham House. Hess was tried as a war criminal at Nuremberg where an International Military Tribunal found him guilty on two counts of 'concerted plan or conspiracy' and 'crimes against peace'. He spent the rest of his life imprisoned in Spandau Prison, Berlin.

Paragraph 15: In 1909, Kasravi went down with typhus. As a result of this disease, Kasravi suffered from a constant disability that was always with him. He also suffered from anemia and his eyes became dim and he suffered from indigestion. After recovering from his illness, his relatives and locals, according to him, forcibly took him to the prayer mosque to become a cleric there. On the other hand, an opponent cleric, whose son-in-law was Mir Mohsen, also preached anti-Kasravi and called him a democrat in order to disperse the people around him. At this time, Kasravi sent his two younger brothers to Nejat Elementary School, which was not a good thing in the eyes of the people of that time, because his brothers, like other Sayyids, did not wear headscarves and did not wear green scarves. Kasravi, unlike other elected clerics, wore a beard, high-heeled shoes, and machine-made socks, wore a small turban, fastened his scarf, and wore glasses, which his opponents considered all because of his cult. After all, he did not fast and criticized the fasting people, and according to him, he only did things such as reciting the wedding sermon. From then on, he took over the management of his family, but he became poor. At this time, he began to recite the Qur'an and tried to learn the meaning of the verses of the Qur'an.

Paragraph 16: A remarkable event during World War II was the landing of Rudolf Hess at Eaglesham on 10 May 1941. Shortly after 11 p.m. a Messerschmitt Bf 110 aircraft crashed at Floors Farm with an airman bailing out and landing at Floors Farm. David McLean, a local ploughman, ran out of his cottage at the rear of Floors Farm after hearing an aeroplane crashing and saw a parachutist coming down. McLean assisted the slightly injured airman back to his cottage. The airman, a German officer, identified himself as Captain Albert Horn. Horn was arrested and subsequently taken to the 3 Battalion Home Guard Headquarters at Busby then briefly Giffnock Police Station before being transferred to Maryhill Barracks in Glasgow and other locations before finally being to transported to P.O.W. Reception Station, Abergavenny, South Wales where he remained for the duration of the hostilities. Horn turned out be Deputy Führer Rudolf Hess. Hess apparently claimed that he had flown to Britain with a message for the Duke of Hamilton in an attempt to persuade the British government to restore peace but in poor light mistook his intended destination of Dungavel House near Strathaven as Eaglesham House. Hess was tried as a war criminal at Nuremberg where an International Military Tribunal found him guilty on two counts of 'concerted plan or conspiracy' and 'crimes against peace'. He spent the rest of his life imprisoned in Spandau Prison, Berlin.

Paragraph 17: The first dispute in the series to be handled before court is the case where the goats of police officer Gerard Briers ate the flowers of his neighbor Harry Stoffels. Stoffels, a catholic, is married with Emmy and they have two children: Nico and Nicole who is a few years older. Felix, a gossip, spreads the word Nicole is pregnant of Luc Briers, son of Gerard. As they are not married, this is a scandal the more she is catholic and he is not. When this turns out to be the truth priest Sickx and Aristide are forced to interfere and to convince both families "a mixed marriage" is necessary. Nicole and Luc rent a room above the shop of Gust Kerdoens but are unable to pay the rent. Furthermore, it is rather clear the couple is not in love. He is convinced to go to university and Nicole must stay at home to take care of the baby he doesn't want. She wants him to stay and to apply for some job - even if it is underpaid - so they both can raise the child. As both families are rather poor, they neither have money to buy a wedding dress nor a black tie. That's why Emmy tried to make a dress in which she partially fails. Luckily for her, local tailor and doom predictor Fons offers his services for free and adjusts the dress so it is more comfortable. Luc is forced to rent a black tie but as he feigns a twisted ankle, hoping he misses the wedding ceremony, his father Gerard splits the trouser. Due to the slowing up, the couple arrives late in church so the priest already left. The wedding takes place some hours later when a drunk Sickx is back. During the ceremony Sickx implies Bernard Aerts did his studies in a seminary. Much later it is revealed Bernard is actually a departed priest who does not want to marry Justine as he might re-enter. This starts a second dispute in which Harry accuses Gerard to be responsible for the whole incident and that Gerard should pay all bills. Gerard accuses Harry the opposite as Harry and Gust forged receipts. Aristide, not fond of Catholicism, convinces both to accuse the priest as he is the one who left and thus responsible for the cancelled wedding ceremony. During the trial Luc spills out he did not twist his ankle and it was Boniface, the brother of Aristide, who came up with this idea. This results in a verdict the priest has to pay 1 Belgian Franc moral compensation to Harry and another Belgian Franc to Gerard. It is at this point Harry decides to leave the catholic side.

Paragraph 18: Relations between the French and Irish settlers were ambivalent. The settlers served as protectors of the French property and George Casey reports that many of them were bilingual. The population grew rapidly and by 1867 a school was reported operating in Conche. Although there were concurrent fishing rights on the French Shore, the settlers, who were allowed to settle at Conche by the French, complained frequently that the French infringed on their lucrative salmon fishery. The French Admirals repeatedly warned the gardiens about their incursions into French fishing territory and English captains frequently investigated complaints and incidents on behalf of both parties. A typical report was a Captain Hamilton's dispatch in July 1864: at Conche he inquired about Facey, a settler son had interfered with French cod seines; and about another settler named Bromley whose stage's extensions interfered with the French rooms. The captain concluded that "This is the only place I have visited where a really ill-feeling exists between English and French, owing in a great measure to the English being prevented from putting down salmon nets, it being an excellent salmon post". Incidents continued although they seemed minor enough: In 1875, the captain of a French brig complained that John Casey and other inhabitants had "stripped" his ship; however the investigating British officer concluded "on the whole I believe, the fisherman of the two nations get on well together". In 1876 it was reported that the last French fishing rooms had been abandoned in 1867, however, the French based at La Scie continued to fish in the area, mainly cod, squid and herring, while by 1874 the 180 Conche settlers had exclusive use of the harbour from which they continued to prosecute the lucrative salmon fishery. It was reported that "Conche is a great bay for salmon, and as the French do not interfere, it is the principal fishery.... The total catch was quoted ... at from two hundred to two thousand barrels". Settlers listed at this time were Joy, Kenney, Casey, Pine, Carroll, Kearsey, Hunt, Dower, Fitzpatrick, Ralph, Byrne, Linfield, Bromley, Martin, Flinn and Flynn. Later settlers included the Hunt, O'Neill, Carey (Carew), Emberly and Whalen families. By 1901 the population stood at 298 and by 1945 it had risen to 482. In 1963 eighty-four people in nine families resettled in Conche from the Grey Islands and by 1966 the population was reported to be 624.

Paragraph 19: Jamaican enslaved peoples came from West/Central Africa and South-East Africa. Many of their customs survived based on memory and myths. They encompassed the life cycle, i.e. a newborn was not regarded as being of this world until nine days had passed and burial often involved libations at the graveside, and the belief that the dead body's spirit would not be at rest for some 42 days (a derivative of the Ashanti beliefs like Adae Kese Festival). They included forms of religion in which healing was considered an act of faith completed by obeahmen and communication with the spirits involved possession often induced by dancing and drumming. African-based religions include Myal and Revival and later Kumina from Congolese immigrants. Many involved recreational, ceremonial and functional use of music and dance. "Slaves," Brathwaite explains, "danced and sang at work, at play, at worship, from fear, from sorrow from joy". They recreated African musical instruments from materials found in Jamaica (calabash, conch, bamboo, etc.) and featured improvisation in song and dance. All of these customs and many more such as the Christmas street parades of Jonkonnu, were misunderstood and undervalued by Europeans with the exception of the political use of drumming to send coded messages from plantation to plantation. Drumming of any kind was therefore often banned. Jamaican music today has emerged from the traditional musical forms of work songs sung by slaves, the ceremonial music used in religious services and the social and recreational music played on holidays and during leisure time. The cramped housing space provided to the enslaved Africans, which limited their dwellings (often made of wattle and daub) to one window and one door, meant that very little other than sleeping took place indoors. Life, as in Africa, was lived communally, outside. Similarly language, as in Africa, is considered powerful, particularly naming. Brathwaite (1971) gives an example of a woman whose child falls ill and wants her name to be changed, believing that this would allow her to be cured. Language is certainly an area where African retention is strongest. Jamaicans today move between Patois a creolised English and standard English. Jamaican patois was born from the intermixing of African slaves and English, Irish, Welsh, Scottish sailors, enslaved Africans, servants, soldiers and merchants. The enslaved African spoke many dialects, and given the need for a common tongue, Jamaican patois was born. It has been in use since the end of the 17th century by Jamaicans of all ethnicities and has been added to by the, Chinese, Hakka, Indians, Lebanese, Germans, and French who also settled on the island. Some words also indicate Spanish and Taino presence in Jamaican history. Many of these traditions survive to this day, testament to the strength of West African culture despite the process of creolisation (the intermingling of peoples adjusting to a new environment) it encountered.

Paragraph 20: Shortages of oil could have resulted if Iran closed the Strait of Hormuz, through which one-fifth of exported oil travels, as a result of sanctions due to the country's nuclear policies. The price of oil stayed near $100 throughout January because of concerns over supplies, and the European debt situation. The average price of gas was $3.38 on January 20, up 17 cents from a month earlier. Another factor was planned closing of refineries in the U.S. and Europe due to lower demand. By early February, the national average was $3.48, though oil prices were at $98, the lowest in six weeks, and U.S. demand was the lowest since September 2001. On February 20, benchmark March crude oil reached $105.21, the highest in nine months. This came one day after Iran's oil ministry announced an end to sales to British and French companies; though this would have little actual impact on supplies, fears resulted in higher prices. Also, approval of the bailout plan for Greece was expected, and China's action to raise the money supply was likely to stimulate the economy. Brent crude was up 11% for the year to $119.58 on February 17, with cold weather in Europe and higher Third World demand, and West Texas Intermediate crude was up 19% to $103.24. The average price of gas was $3.53. On February 29, the average was $3.73. The average peaked at $3.94 early in April, and on April 24, it was $3.85 compared to $3.86 a year earlier; it had been two years since gas prices were lower than the previous year. Crude oil prices were down; West Texas Intermediate was $103.55 a barrel, down from over $107 late in March, and Brent Crude $118.16 after peaking above $128 in March. On May 7, benchmark U.S. crude reached $95.34, the lowest price of the year, after voters in France and Greece ousted government officials who would cut spending to solve the debt crisis. Benchmark oil in New York actually rose for two days straight early in June, to $84.29. With U.S. oil supplies the highest since 1990, gas reached $3.57 on June 5. After falling again to its lowest price since October 2011, Benchmark crude rose 5.8% to $82.18 on June 29, with Brent crude up 4.5% to $95.51. European bailout efforts included lending money to banks, decreasing likelihood of failures. Also, European countries decided not to buy Iranian oil. The price of gas was $3.35, the lowest since January 6. On July 17, Benchmark Crude reached $89.22 and Brent crude $104 after good economic news in the United States. Gas rose to $3.40.

Paragraph 21: With MetroCluster it is possible to have one or more storage node per site to form a cluster or Clustered MetroCluster (MCC). Remote and local HA perter node must be the same model. MCC consists of two clusters each located on one of two sites. There may be only two sites. In MCC configuration each one remote and one local storage node form Metro HA or Disaster Recovery Pare (DR Pare) across two sites while two local nodes (if there is partner) form local HA pare, thus each node synchronously replicates data in non-volatile memory two nodes: one remote and one local (if there is one). It is possible to utilize only one storage node on each site (two single node clusters) configured as MCC. 8 node MCC consists of two clusters - 4 nodes each (2 HA pair), each storage node have only one remote partner and only one local HA partner, in such a configuration each site clusters can consist out of two different storage node models. For small distances, MetroCluster requires at least one FC-VI or newer iWARP card per node. FAS and AFF systems with ONTAP software versions 9.2 and older utilize FC-VI cards and for long distances require 4 dedicated Fibre Channel switches (2 on each site) and 2 FC-SAS bridges per each disk shelf stack, thus minimum 4 total for 2 sites and minimum 2 dark fiber ISL links with optional DWDMs for long distances. Data volumes, LUNs and LIFs could online migrate across storage nodes in the cluster only within a single site where data originated from: it is not possible to migrate individual volumes, LUNs or LIFs using cluster capabilities across sites unless MetroCluster switchover operation is used which disable entire half of the cluster on a site and transparently to its clients and applications switch access to all of the data to another site.

Paragraph 22: Performed at the Mount Rushmore Amphitheater at the base of the monument in the Black Hills of South Dakota.  Performed in front of record crowds of 5,000 people the first night and over 6,000 the second night, the concerts featured the band's full stage production with special guests.  Paul shared his story and his goals of peace, hope and reconciliation between the cultures.  Both concerts were professionally filmed for a future broadcast on South Dakota public television and on other PBS affiliates across the country.  On October 6, 2007 the 9th annual NAMA Awards were held.  Brulé & AIRO were nominated for a record five awards and received two.  For the second straight year they were honored with Group of the Year, this time for Silent Star Night, and Kinship received the Best New Age Recording Award.  Silent Star Night was also nominated for an Aboriginal People's Choice Awards held in Canada.  In November 2007 the group released the third installment of the Nicole CDs featuring Nicole LaRoche on flute.  Entitled Deep Dreams the CD adds a new sound to the extensive Brulé & AIRO collection.  On December 2, 2007 the first broadcast of "Brulé & AIRO Concerts for Reconciliation of the Cultures at Mount Rushmore" was presented as part of South Dakota's Public Television Pledge Drive.  Two-thirds of the concert were aired while viewers were encouraged to make a pledge to SDPB.  A DVD of the Mount Rushmore concerts as well as a live audio CD of the concert were offered as gifts to those who made pledges.  The DVD and CD, along with a documentary of the making of the concert will be made available for sale to the public around the 1st of the year.

Paragraph 23: With MetroCluster it is possible to have one or more storage node per site to form a cluster or Clustered MetroCluster (MCC). Remote and local HA perter node must be the same model. MCC consists of two clusters each located on one of two sites. There may be only two sites. In MCC configuration each one remote and one local storage node form Metro HA or Disaster Recovery Pare (DR Pare) across two sites while two local nodes (if there is partner) form local HA pare, thus each node synchronously replicates data in non-volatile memory two nodes: one remote and one local (if there is one). It is possible to utilize only one storage node on each site (two single node clusters) configured as MCC. 8 node MCC consists of two clusters - 4 nodes each (2 HA pair), each storage node have only one remote partner and only one local HA partner, in such a configuration each site clusters can consist out of two different storage node models. For small distances, MetroCluster requires at least one FC-VI or newer iWARP card per node. FAS and AFF systems with ONTAP software versions 9.2 and older utilize FC-VI cards and for long distances require 4 dedicated Fibre Channel switches (2 on each site) and 2 FC-SAS bridges per each disk shelf stack, thus minimum 4 total for 2 sites and minimum 2 dark fiber ISL links with optional DWDMs for long distances. Data volumes, LUNs and LIFs could online migrate across storage nodes in the cluster only within a single site where data originated from: it is not possible to migrate individual volumes, LUNs or LIFs using cluster capabilities across sites unless MetroCluster switchover operation is used which disable entire half of the cluster on a site and transparently to its clients and applications switch access to all of the data to another site.

Paragraph 24: Plasma stealth is a proposed process to use ionized gas (plasma) to reduce the radar cross-section (RCS) of an aircraft. Interactions between electromagnetic radiation and ionized gas have been extensively studied for many purposes, including concealing aircraft from radar as stealth technology. Various methods might plausibly be able to form a layer or cloud of plasma around a vehicle to deflect or absorb radar, from simpler electrostatic or radio frequency discharges to more complex laser discharges. It is theoretically possible to reduce RCS in this way, but it may be very difficult to do so in practice. Some Russian systems e.g. the 3M22 Zircon (SS-N-33) and Kh-47M2 Kinzhal missiles have been reported to make use of plasma stealth.

Paragraph 25: The first dispute in the series to be handled before court is the case where the goats of police officer Gerard Briers ate the flowers of his neighbor Harry Stoffels. Stoffels, a catholic, is married with Emmy and they have two children: Nico and Nicole who is a few years older. Felix, a gossip, spreads the word Nicole is pregnant of Luc Briers, son of Gerard. As they are not married, this is a scandal the more she is catholic and he is not. When this turns out to be the truth priest Sickx and Aristide are forced to interfere and to convince both families "a mixed marriage" is necessary. Nicole and Luc rent a room above the shop of Gust Kerdoens but are unable to pay the rent. Furthermore, it is rather clear the couple is not in love. He is convinced to go to university and Nicole must stay at home to take care of the baby he doesn't want. She wants him to stay and to apply for some job - even if it is underpaid - so they both can raise the child. As both families are rather poor, they neither have money to buy a wedding dress nor a black tie. That's why Emmy tried to make a dress in which she partially fails. Luckily for her, local tailor and doom predictor Fons offers his services for free and adjusts the dress so it is more comfortable. Luc is forced to rent a black tie but as he feigns a twisted ankle, hoping he misses the wedding ceremony, his father Gerard splits the trouser. Due to the slowing up, the couple arrives late in church so the priest already left. The wedding takes place some hours later when a drunk Sickx is back. During the ceremony Sickx implies Bernard Aerts did his studies in a seminary. Much later it is revealed Bernard is actually a departed priest who does not want to marry Justine as he might re-enter. This starts a second dispute in which Harry accuses Gerard to be responsible for the whole incident and that Gerard should pay all bills. Gerard accuses Harry the opposite as Harry and Gust forged receipts. Aristide, not fond of Catholicism, convinces both to accuse the priest as he is the one who left and thus responsible for the cancelled wedding ceremony. During the trial Luc spills out he did not twist his ankle and it was Boniface, the brother of Aristide, who came up with this idea. This results in a verdict the priest has to pay 1 Belgian Franc moral compensation to Harry and another Belgian Franc to Gerard. It is at this point Harry decides to leave the catholic side.

Paragraph 26: Performed at the Mount Rushmore Amphitheater at the base of the monument in the Black Hills of South Dakota.  Performed in front of record crowds of 5,000 people the first night and over 6,000 the second night, the concerts featured the band's full stage production with special guests.  Paul shared his story and his goals of peace, hope and reconciliation between the cultures.  Both concerts were professionally filmed for a future broadcast on South Dakota public television and on other PBS affiliates across the country.  On October 6, 2007 the 9th annual NAMA Awards were held.  Brulé & AIRO were nominated for a record five awards and received two.  For the second straight year they were honored with Group of the Year, this time for Silent Star Night, and Kinship received the Best New Age Recording Award.  Silent Star Night was also nominated for an Aboriginal People's Choice Awards held in Canada.  In November 2007 the group released the third installment of the Nicole CDs featuring Nicole LaRoche on flute.  Entitled Deep Dreams the CD adds a new sound to the extensive Brulé & AIRO collection.  On December 2, 2007 the first broadcast of "Brulé & AIRO Concerts for Reconciliation of the Cultures at Mount Rushmore" was presented as part of South Dakota's Public Television Pledge Drive.  Two-thirds of the concert were aired while viewers were encouraged to make a pledge to SDPB.  A DVD of the Mount Rushmore concerts as well as a live audio CD of the concert were offered as gifts to those who made pledges.  The DVD and CD, along with a documentary of the making of the concert will be made available for sale to the public around the 1st of the year.

Paragraph 27: After two years, the international geoscience community including experts from Japan, Canada, United States, Sri Lanka, New Zealand, Hong Kong, UK, Taiwan and the Philippines, came together in Tacloban and St. Bernard to examine known information on the Guinsaugon disaster.  In addition, the workshop was tasked with determining the next steps as Leyte and the Philippines move forward from the world's deadliest single-event landslide since 1998.  The landslide is classified as a rock slide-debris avalanche using the Varnes (1978) or Cruden and Varnes (1996) classification.  Volume estimates in recent publications range between 14 MCM (million cubic metres) and 20 MCM, converging on or about 15 MCM. There is general accord among scientists that high precipitation a week prior to the failure contributed to the conditions at failure, but the 5 day delay between the rain and the landslide, and the fact that Southern Leyte regularly gets high overall levels of precipitation means that the precise nature of that contribution is unknown.  Similarly, the role of minor ground shaking that occurred at about the same time is still uncertain. "Was the landslide caused by ground shaking or excessive rain? This is one of the things that is not yet resolved." said Dr. Mark Albert Zarco, a professor at the Department of Engineering Sciences, University of the Philippines Diliman in a news story. Importantly, the geological and geomorphological history of the slope including, for example, the prominent strike-slip movement of about 2.5 cm per year, has ultimately lead to failures all along the scarp, including the one that buried Guinsaugon.  Richard Guthrie, of University of Waterloo, Canada, stated: "We have had very large rains and we have had very large earthquakes in the past; The rocks have been stretched and strained. As time moves on, the rock begins to age and die and finally it collapses. The important thing is that we’re able to know the preconditioning of the slopes." Scientists are currently building a synthesis paper on the landslide and a set of recommendations regarding the next steps for the Philippines in relation to landslide hazards.

Paragraph 28: In November 2013, the UN warned the country was at risk of spiralling into genocide, was "descending into complete chaos" and France described the country as "...on the verge of genocide." The UNSC passed resolution 2122 ordering the deployment of MISCA for peacekeeping operations. France then sent additional troops to the few hundred already stationed there, bringing their total number of troops in the country to over 1,000. The UK also had support operations. Similarly, the U.S. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered Africom to coordinate with France in sending its military aircraft to airlift Burundian troops to the country upon the former's urging for support. Following violence in the second weekend of December that killed over 400 people, U.S. President Barack Obama spoke to the "proud citizens of the Central African Republic" and said they have the power "to choose a different path" than the violence that took place. On a trip to Africa for the death and state funeral of Nelson Mandela, French President Francois Hollande then arrived in the country on 10 December, the day after the death of two French soldiers from the 8th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment. Accompanied by Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, he claimed that the intervention was "necessary if one wants to avoid carnage here" and that instead it "was time to act. It was soon going to be too late. [The clashes were] taking on a religious dimension with the risk of leading to a civil war. For weeks, massacres were conducted and horrendous violence was done to women and children. France is not here in the CAR out of any self-interest. France has come to defend human dignity." Upon arriving in the country, their Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said there was a need to end the "spiral of atrocities and sectarian violence that is under way. One of your first tasks is to disarm the militias, while ensuring that civilian populations, Muslims as well as Christians, do not become targets of blind reprisals." Fabius said on 15 December, about the possibility of renewed violence after a lull following the UNSC resolution mandating an intervention body, that this "is a real, big problem. Tomorrow, I'll go to the Council of Foreign Ministers and I will ask [our European partners] for stepped-up, more robust aid, including on the ground." Various forms of support had already come from Poland, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain and Belgium; however domestic French support for the mission fell after the death of two French soldiers despite continued advocacy by Hollande. Fabius later said that "we will soon have troops on the ground from our European colleagues." Unnamed diplomats were reported to have suggested Belgium and Poland could send forces who would then be used to relieve the French forces securing the airport.

Paragraph 29: He was the early president of the second National Assembly, but did not attend the opening ceremony (7 June 1922) because of his public concerns. At the beginning of his term he took a very reserved position and rarely spoke out. The reason for this was his political isolation and, as he said in a speech in Jászberény on 20 October 1921, the fact that he could not identify with the government or with the opposition, whose right to overthrow the government he said he could only recognise if he was able to take responsibility for it. He made a number of eye-catching speeches in the National Assembly, which, if his views did not prevail, always had a profound effect on the members of the House. His position in favour of the Reconstruction proposals on 15 April 1924 and his major speech against the revision of the House rules on 3 December of the same year are memorable. In the latter speech, he declared that the majority could not be recognised as representative of the national will as long as elections were based on the principle of public voting. Also in the electoral law debate (24 May 1925), he argued, among other things, that 'either we accept secret ballot or we do not want the real will of the electorate to be expressed', and he argued that he saw a great and disheartening decline in the middle classes compared with the spirit of the pre-1948 era. He also made a major speech (18 March 1926) on the Franco controversy. This speech was an almost classic example of the objectivity that is so much obliged on political opponents. He stated that the House could not decide on the question of political responsibility until the court had delivered its verdict in the forgers' trial. His position on constitutional law was best expressed in his speech in the debate on the Upper House Bill.

Paragraph 30: One year later, Korvac assumed the alias of a scientist named "Fuller Tiehard" and attended a party held by Tony Stark at his brownstone in the Lower East Side where he talked to him about harnessing electricity for an energy source. When Iron Man and Hellcat went on patrol and found Unicorn stealing the Gutenberg Bible, Korvac witnessed the fight. After Unicorn was defeated, Korvac caused a lightning bolt to strike Iron Man enough to destroy the Gutenberg Bible. Iron Man later went to visit "Fuller Tiehard" at his cabin near Tiehard Lightning Site I to see how his project works. As he is given a tour, he is suddenly struck by pink lightning. Tony then sees that Korvac has Unicorn, Blizzard, and Controller at his side while mentioning his plans to become a demigod with the energies of the Earth that he'll harvest while selecting which of Iron Man's enemies to deal with him. Hellcat shows up where she rams Korvac and Unicorn before helping Iron Man fight Blizzard and Controller. When Unicorn recovers, he joins the fight and calls Korvac the "Other." Iron Man and Hellcat fight off the villains as Korvac recovers and blasts them with lightning while saying "So says Korvac." Iron Man recovered, but Hellcat remains still. Upon hearing that Iron Man survived the attack, Korvac, Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn captured James Rhodes so that Iron Man wouldn't interfere. Then they went to Galactus' Worldship Taa II where Korvac started to absorb the electrical grid of New York City to become more powerful. Iron Man and Hellcat work on a plan to rescue James starting with them recruiting the deaf mutant Halcyon. To rescue James Rhodes from Korvac, Iron Man, Hellcat, and Halcyon recruit Gargoyle, Scarlet Spider, Misty Knight, and Frog-Man to aid them. While shaving off his goatee, Korvac is told by Unicorn that Guardsman is in position. He then proceeds to work on persuading Hellcat to her side upon her hearing her voice. When confronted on the streets by Korvac, Hellcat electrocutes herself. When Iron Man confronts Korvac at the waterfront, Korvac states that he is only taking over the universe with good intentions while the others arrive at the Shi'ar jumpship that Korvac was using. When Misty Knight and those with her are apparently killed in the explosion, Iron Man lashes out against Korvac and fights him until his armor suffers from mobility issues. Korvac calls up Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn telling them that they will leave in 10 minutes and to thank Guardsman for the false ship. After Korvac kicks Iron Man in the neck, his armor's A.I. B.O.S.S. warns Tony about a cervical fracture and the dangers of hypoxia. Korvac then walks away stating to Iron Man that everything will be beautiful.

Paragraph 31: One year later, Korvac assumed the alias of a scientist named "Fuller Tiehard" and attended a party held by Tony Stark at his brownstone in the Lower East Side where he talked to him about harnessing electricity for an energy source. When Iron Man and Hellcat went on patrol and found Unicorn stealing the Gutenberg Bible, Korvac witnessed the fight. After Unicorn was defeated, Korvac caused a lightning bolt to strike Iron Man enough to destroy the Gutenberg Bible. Iron Man later went to visit "Fuller Tiehard" at his cabin near Tiehard Lightning Site I to see how his project works. As he is given a tour, he is suddenly struck by pink lightning. Tony then sees that Korvac has Unicorn, Blizzard, and Controller at his side while mentioning his plans to become a demigod with the energies of the Earth that he'll harvest while selecting which of Iron Man's enemies to deal with him. Hellcat shows up where she rams Korvac and Unicorn before helping Iron Man fight Blizzard and Controller. When Unicorn recovers, he joins the fight and calls Korvac the "Other." Iron Man and Hellcat fight off the villains as Korvac recovers and blasts them with lightning while saying "So says Korvac." Iron Man recovered, but Hellcat remains still. Upon hearing that Iron Man survived the attack, Korvac, Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn captured James Rhodes so that Iron Man wouldn't interfere. Then they went to Galactus' Worldship Taa II where Korvac started to absorb the electrical grid of New York City to become more powerful. Iron Man and Hellcat work on a plan to rescue James starting with them recruiting the deaf mutant Halcyon. To rescue James Rhodes from Korvac, Iron Man, Hellcat, and Halcyon recruit Gargoyle, Scarlet Spider, Misty Knight, and Frog-Man to aid them. While shaving off his goatee, Korvac is told by Unicorn that Guardsman is in position. He then proceeds to work on persuading Hellcat to her side upon her hearing her voice. When confronted on the streets by Korvac, Hellcat electrocutes herself. When Iron Man confronts Korvac at the waterfront, Korvac states that he is only taking over the universe with good intentions while the others arrive at the Shi'ar jumpship that Korvac was using. When Misty Knight and those with her are apparently killed in the explosion, Iron Man lashes out against Korvac and fights him until his armor suffers from mobility issues. Korvac calls up Blizzard, Controller, and Unicorn telling them that they will leave in 10 minutes and to thank Guardsman for the false ship. After Korvac kicks Iron Man in the neck, his armor's A.I. B.O.S.S. warns Tony about a cervical fracture and the dangers of hypoxia. Korvac then walks away stating to Iron Man that everything will be beautiful.

Paragraph 32: An old couple are heartbroken because their only daughter runs away with her lover. At that time they see Amravathi (Sanghavi) who is a naive and beautiful girl who runs away from home but does not remember anything else. They decide to take to the police but instead want to raise her as their own daughter. she finds shelter in their  house where she is well taken care of. Her life takes a turn when Arjun (Ajith Kumar) son of a rich business man falls in love with her. Arjun finds excuses to meet her in her house and gets well known with the family. One day with the help of Amravati's friend he manages to lure her into his house without her parents knowing and expresses his love to her and starts taking her to places and they start having the most happiest days of their life. But her foster father fears she will elope too so forbids her to see Arjun but her father understands that they are deeply in love with each other. Just then a newspaper shows there is a missing girl called Angeline and she bears resemblance to Amravati. Arjun sees this and thinks it is Amravati. Just then a doctor comes and recognises Amravati as Angeline and tells Arjun and her foster parents she is Angeline the daughter of a rich businessman. She and her father both never got over the loss of her mother and her uncle tortures them to give him the wealth and Angeline's hand in marriage and makes sure they tell nobody about him., Her father and her decide to kill themselves so the can escape the torture. Her father dies but Angel survives and has amnesia and has forgotten everything. Then the uncle kidnaps Amravati to force her into marriage and also tries to misbehave with her just then Arjun fights him and rescues her. Arjun and Amravati live happy and also it is shown nobody ever told Amravati about her past because they did not want to upset her.

Paragraph 33: An old couple are heartbroken because their only daughter runs away with her lover. At that time they see Amravathi (Sanghavi) who is a naive and beautiful girl who runs away from home but does not remember anything else. They decide to take to the police but instead want to raise her as their own daughter. she finds shelter in their  house where she is well taken care of. Her life takes a turn when Arjun (Ajith Kumar) son of a rich business man falls in love with her. Arjun finds excuses to meet her in her house and gets well known with the family. One day with the help of Amravati's friend he manages to lure her into his house without her parents knowing and expresses his love to her and starts taking her to places and they start having the most happiest days of their life. But her foster father fears she will elope too so forbids her to see Arjun but her father understands that they are deeply in love with each other. Just then a newspaper shows there is a missing girl called Angeline and she bears resemblance to Amravati. Arjun sees this and thinks it is Amravati. Just then a doctor comes and recognises Amravati as Angeline and tells Arjun and her foster parents she is Angeline the daughter of a rich businessman. She and her father both never got over the loss of her mother and her uncle tortures them to give him the wealth and Angeline's hand in marriage and makes sure they tell nobody about him., Her father and her decide to kill themselves so the can escape the torture. Her father dies but Angel survives and has amnesia and has forgotten everything. Then the uncle kidnaps Amravati to force her into marriage and also tries to misbehave with her just then Arjun fights him and rescues her. Arjun and Amravati live happy and also it is shown nobody ever told Amravati about her past because they did not want to upset her.

Paragraph 34: Abrams's second degree was a B.S. in meteorology from Florida State University (FSU) in Tallahassee, where she graduated cum laude. At Florida State, Abrams, like other meteorology students, practiced on-air forecasts on FSU Live, a student-run news and weather production on a Tallahassee cable channel. She worked as a teaching assistant at FSU, teaching a class about meteorology. She said about FSU: "I think the professors made a difference in that they were so engaged with the kids and also there were small classes there, so it was really nice that the class hung out together, and it was nice to have that kind of environment."

Paragraph 35: The first dispute in the series to be handled before court is the case where the goats of police officer Gerard Briers ate the flowers of his neighbor Harry Stoffels. Stoffels, a catholic, is married with Emmy and they have two children: Nico and Nicole who is a few years older. Felix, a gossip, spreads the word Nicole is pregnant of Luc Briers, son of Gerard. As they are not married, this is a scandal the more she is catholic and he is not. When this turns out to be the truth priest Sickx and Aristide are forced to interfere and to convince both families "a mixed marriage" is necessary. Nicole and Luc rent a room above the shop of Gust Kerdoens but are unable to pay the rent. Furthermore, it is rather clear the couple is not in love. He is convinced to go to university and Nicole must stay at home to take care of the baby he doesn't want. She wants him to stay and to apply for some job - even if it is underpaid - so they both can raise the child. As both families are rather poor, they neither have money to buy a wedding dress nor a black tie. That's why Emmy tried to make a dress in which she partially fails. Luckily for her, local tailor and doom predictor Fons offers his services for free and adjusts the dress so it is more comfortable. Luc is forced to rent a black tie but as he feigns a twisted ankle, hoping he misses the wedding ceremony, his father Gerard splits the trouser. Due to the slowing up, the couple arrives late in church so the priest already left. The wedding takes place some hours later when a drunk Sickx is back. During the ceremony Sickx implies Bernard Aerts did his studies in a seminary. Much later it is revealed Bernard is actually a departed priest who does not want to marry Justine as he might re-enter. This starts a second dispute in which Harry accuses Gerard to be responsible for the whole incident and that Gerard should pay all bills. Gerard accuses Harry the opposite as Harry and Gust forged receipts. Aristide, not fond of Catholicism, convinces both to accuse the priest as he is the one who left and thus responsible for the cancelled wedding ceremony. During the trial Luc spills out he did not twist his ankle and it was Boniface, the brother of Aristide, who came up with this idea. This results in a verdict the priest has to pay 1 Belgian Franc moral compensation to Harry and another Belgian Franc to Gerard. It is at this point Harry decides to leave the catholic side.