Paragraph 1: Chai Wan () is the eastern terminus of the MTR  on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. It is the only station on the Island line that is elevated. The station is located at the junction of Chai Wan Road and Island Eastern Corridor, and it serves Siu Sai Wan and Chai Wan, a primarily residential and industrial town, and the bus terminus nearby has bus and minibus routes to Siu Sai Wan and Stanley, as well as the nearby residential developments. It was also the southernmost railway station in Hong Kong, prior to the opening of Lei Tung station on the  on 28 December 2016.

Paragraph 2: Phan Bội Châu (; 26 December 1867 – 29 October 1940), born Phan Văn San, courtesy name Hải Thụ (later changed to Sào Nam), was a pioneer of Vietnamese 20th century nationalism. In 1903, he formed a revolutionary organization called Duy Tân Hội ("Modernization Association"). From 1905 to 1908, he lived in Japan where he wrote political tracts calling for the independence of Vietnam from French colonial rule. After being forced to leave Japan, he moved to China where he was influenced by Sun Yat-sen. He formed a new group called Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội (“Vietnamese Restoration League”), modeled after Sun Yat-sen's republican party. In 1925, French agents seized him in Shanghai. He was convicted of treason and spent the rest of his life under house arrest in Huế.

Paragraph 3: SR 12 begins at SR 20 in Bristol, although originally it starts off heading in more of a northerly direction then curves more towards the east. The surroundings are primarily forestland, one side of which is burnt, until it reaches CR 270, a bi-county east-west route in Liberty and Gadsden Counties. Pine trees become more prominent after this and the next moderate intersection is with CR 1641 which spans southeast towards Hosford and northwest to Torreya State Park. The segment south of SR 12 used to be County Road 271. State Road 12 continues moving relatively northeast as it crosses the Liberty-Gadsden County Line and passes by the Poley Branch Church. From there it descends into a valley, but emerges from it before approaching the southern terminus of County Road 269, a road in western Gadsden County that runs as far north as Chattahoochee before crossing the Florida-Georgia State Line. Later, it curves from east to north around a small farm across from the western terminus of County Road 65D (Telogia Creek Road), a county road that eventually leads to a state road which will soon prove to be far more significant. The next intersection is CR 379 (Juniper Road). After SR 12 veers off to the right from Coleman Road it enters the City of Greensboro and then crosses an Apalachicola Northern Railroad line before curving back to the same direction. Within downtown Greensboro, SR 12 turns right at Selman Street joining a brief concurrency with CR 270. Three and a half blocks later CR 270 turns north onto Tolar White Road and SR 12 continues as Selman Street. The last non-local street in Greensboro is the western terminus of CR 274 (Providence Road). From there, SR 12 is named Greensboro Highway, which crosses a bridge over Telogia Creek at Shepards Pond, and shortly after this curves to the northeast to become a four-lane divided highway for the diamond interchange with Interstate 10 (I-10) at exit 174.

Paragraph 4: In 2009 Moraga published the essay “Still Loving in the (Still) War Years: On Keeping Queer Queer", which critiqued the mainstreaming of LGBT politics through an emphasis on same-sex marriage. In the essay she also discussed transgender people in queer communities and critiqued the increasing inclusion of trans issues in LGBT politics. She argues that young people are being pressured into transitioning by the larger queer culture, expressing fear that “the transgender movement at large, and plain ole peer pressure, will preempt young people from residing in that queer, gender-ambivalent site for as long and as deeply as is necessary.” Some community members such as Morgan Collado and Francisco Galarte responded by emphasizing how this invalidated and dismissed the lived experience of young people who decide to transition. In this essay Moraga goes further to lament what she sees as the loss of butch and lesbian culture to those who choose to transition, stating that she “[does] not want to keep losing [her] macha daughters to manhood through any cultural mandates that are not of our own making.” In response to this, Galarte argued that “Moraga’s text forces transgender folks to bear the burden of proving loyalty to a nation as well as being the figure that is the exemplar of race, sex, and gender abjection and liberation".  She was also criticized for her refusal to address transgender women in the essay.

Paragraph 5: The Grip Weeds began their recording career with the 1992 three-song independent release See You Through on their own Ground Up Records label, followed by the single “She Brings The Rain b/w Strange Bird” for the German Twang! label.  Their 1994 full-length album debut House Of Vibes, was the first to be recorded in their own fully equipped home studio, also known as “The House Of Vibes”.  Known for its laid back atmosphere and a collection of vintage sound equipment and instruments, it has also been put to use by many other recording artists including The Smithereens, Jim Babjak’s Buzzed Meg, Najma Akhtar and Gary Lucas, The Swingin' Neckbreakers, The Anderson Council and more.  A second album, for Buy Or Die Compact Discs, The Sound Is In You, followed in 1998.  The band signed with Rainbow Quartz Records for their 2001 release Summer Of A Thousand Years, and followed it up with Giant On The Beach in 2004.  “Little Steven” Van Zandt’s Wicked Cool label released the compilation CD Infinite Soul: The Best Of The Grip Weeds in 2008, and Van Zandt has been a vocal supporter of the band.  Rainbow Quartz released the double CD and double vinyl LP Strange Change Machine in June 2010.  2012 saw the release on Ground Up Records of a live album, Speed of Live (In Concert: In New Jersey) along with a companion DVD release, Live Vibes featuring a "live in the studio" performance taped at The House Of Vibes. Ground Up Records followed the live releases with the 2013 rarities collection, Inner Grooves (Rare And Under-Released Tracks).  After signing with Jem Recordings, the band released their sixth studio album How I Won The War on April 7, 2015. A 2015 concert at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center in New York City was filmed and recorded, and released on December 2nd, 2016 as a limited edition DVD titled  Force Of Nature Live In NYC.  A companion CD, Force Of Nature Live Via Satellite was released simultaneously, consisting of a 2016 live studio performance recorded for Sirius/XM’s The Loft satellite radio show.  On October 19th, 2018, Jem Records released The Grip Weeds' seventh album, Trip Around The Sun on compact disc, vinyl LP and download formats.  2020 and 2021 saw the band contributing tracks to the tribute albums Jem Records Celebrates John Lennon, and Jem Records Celebrates Brian Wilson.  October of 2021 saw the Jem Records release of DiG, an album of cover songs recorded during the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. DiG was released on vinyl LP and download formats, and in 1 CD and 2 CD versions.  An additional accompanying CD A Deeper DiG was released on the band's own Ground Up Records label.

Paragraph 6: The song was partially inspired by Martha & the Vandellas's 1965 song "Nowhere to Run", which Jackson originally considered covering for the album, but instead chose to record a new song after a suggestion from producer Jimmy Jam. After the proposal, Jackson and her producers developed the song's initial idea, which was based on having an anthem-like feel, and "Escapade" became one of the first songs to be recorded for the album. Jam also described the song's production and recording process, saying "While she was sitting in one room coming up with the lyrics, I put it on the 24-track. We hooked the drum machine up. On my left hand I played the bass, on the right hand I played the chord. And it was just enough for her to sing to, which we do a lot. Because we like to let her sing to as minimum of a track as we can do, then fill in the track around her so that her part is the main part of the song. With 'Escapade,' she sang it and we kept saying we'll go back and redo the track...we never redid the track. There's a keyboard bass and another thing, and that was it. All we added were the overdubs, little bells ... because we'd gotten so used to the feel of the track, the mistakes and all, we ended up leaving it the way it was."

Paragraph 7: It consisted of guessing the title of the fragments of eight songs (the first seven represented graphically by the musical notes, while the eighth from the jackpot). The competitor, in case he won the prize, could choose to double it by listening to a ninth song. In case he had not guessed it would have lost the entire sum won (the doubling was never attempted by any competitor). There were also two aid to complete the climb, usable in case of error or uncertainty by the competitor but only usable after having guessed the remaining songs (in the version with two competitors the first who could benefit from the aid was the one with less seconds) . Initially they were the option (they were affected five seconds of the song in question and then were given five titles of songs or the same author or very similar, of which only one was correct) and the change (they were made to listen to seven seconds of another song instead of the changed one). The latter was then replaced by a second option from February 6, 2004. The time available was 50 seconds, which flowed backwards and could be stopped by booking. It was not allowed to say "step" and listen to the songs more than once. In the beginning this game involved two competitors, who made the first mistake or did not know the answer and had exhausted the aid or did not exploit properly a help was eliminated and could not continue climbing leaving the title of champion to the opponent, while in the case both had guessed the eight songs the prize money and the title of champion went to those who had more seconds and only he could try to double it. The finalists were then reduced to one from 6 February, which automatically became the champion. In the version to a competitor, the aid was immediately usable, without having to wait to guess all the remaining song fragments.

Paragraph 8: It consisted of guessing the title of the fragments of eight songs (the first seven represented graphically by the musical notes, while the eighth from the jackpot). The competitor, in case he won the prize, could choose to double it by listening to a ninth song. In case he had not guessed it would have lost the entire sum won (the doubling was never attempted by any competitor). There were also two aid to complete the climb, usable in case of error or uncertainty by the competitor but only usable after having guessed the remaining songs (in the version with two competitors the first who could benefit from the aid was the one with less seconds) . Initially they were the option (they were affected five seconds of the song in question and then were given five titles of songs or the same author or very similar, of which only one was correct) and the change (they were made to listen to seven seconds of another song instead of the changed one). The latter was then replaced by a second option from February 6, 2004. The time available was 50 seconds, which flowed backwards and could be stopped by booking. It was not allowed to say "step" and listen to the songs more than once. In the beginning this game involved two competitors, who made the first mistake or did not know the answer and had exhausted the aid or did not exploit properly a help was eliminated and could not continue climbing leaving the title of champion to the opponent, while in the case both had guessed the eight songs the prize money and the title of champion went to those who had more seconds and only he could try to double it. The finalists were then reduced to one from 6 February, which automatically became the champion. In the version to a competitor, the aid was immediately usable, without having to wait to guess all the remaining song fragments.

Paragraph 9: Rifleman Ben Perkins first appeared in Sharpe's Havoc however he would have accompanied Sharpe in the retreat to Corunna but was he was never mentioned in Sharpe's Rifles. Perkins was from London and was an unappealing street rat who swept horse manure out of the way for pedestrians in hope of a coin. He was the second youngest of the riflemen however neither Perkins nor Rifleman Pendleton knew the day or the year of their birth. Both were young enough to not yet need to shave. Perkins was only a young rookie alongside Pendleton at the time of Havoc. He fought in the First Battle of Oporto and also partook in the Second Battle of Oporto which he survived. Perkins fought with Sharpe in the Battle at Talavera although he was not mentioned in Sharpe's Eagle. He also participated in the destruction of Almeida but wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Gold and also partook in Sharpe's Escape during the battle of Bussaco. He returned again in Sharpe's Fury, alongside, Sharpe, Harper, Hagman, Harris, and Slattery, however in the Battle at Barrosa it cost the life of Slattery. He partook in the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro and his major role in Sharpe's Battle was he had a romantic relationship with Miranda after she was raped by the French soldiers in Grey uniform led by Brigadier-General Guy Loup. He was also accused when his green coat was missing when Juanita stole his jacket. perkins was touchy about the loss of his jacket and the loss of his armband denoting he was a chosen man, a compliment that was paid to the most reliable and best riflemen. He also survived the battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, and went to fight with Sharpe in the Siege of Ciudad Rodrigo and the Siege of Badajoz. Perkins was not mentioned in the novel Sharpe's Company however he went on to fight in the Battle of Salamanca in Sharpe's Sword but he wasn't mentioned. He reappears in Sharpe's Skirmish in the defence of the Tormes. He survived the defence of the Alba de Tormes, and he went onto fight alongside Sharpe in Sharpe's Enemy but he wasn't mentioned at all. Perkins wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Honour, Regiment, Christmas, Siege, Revenge, or Waterloo. In Sharpe's Waterloo it is noted that Rifleman Hagman is Sharpe's only remaining riflemen left from the retreat to Corunna, suggesting that Perkins did not fight at Waterloo or that he was killed prior to the battle or whether he survived the Peninsular War possibly to marry Miranda is concurrently unknown.

Paragraph 10: He was king of Connacht with opposition from 1189 to 1202 with Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair, son of the previous king Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, Crobhdearg's nephew. In 1190 a meeting was held at Clonfert to try and establish peace between the two claimants but was unsuccessful. Crobhdearg narrowly escaped drowning soon after when his ship was wrecked in a storm on Lough Ree, himself and six others being the only survivors, thirty-six others perishing. In 1195 he led a hosting into Munster destroying several castles and towns. By 1197 conflict had flared up between him and Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht whereupon he was taken prisoner by Crobhdearg after having fled from him the previous year by sea to Thomond. In 1199 Crobhdearg made peace with Cathal Carragh granting him lands in Connacht, seemingly gaining recognition as undisputed king in return. In the same year he raided lands of the Normans in Connacht and the next year the foreigners of Meath with Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht dying in his service on this expedition. Crobhdearg then turned on Cathal Carragh who managed to flee beforehand to the woods and defeat an army sent to pursue him by the king. Carragh then approached the Norman lord William de Burgh giving up his son to them as a guarantee of payment for their aid. They marched on Connacht with allies from Leinster, Thomond, Limerick and Dublin gaining the submission of many of the lords of Connacht forcing Crobhdearg to flee north first to Fermanagh, then the court of the O'Neill's gaining their backing for the kingship.

Paragraph 11: Meanwhile, though, Tang efforts to recapture Chang'an soon fell victim to infighting—as Li Huaiguang, who had saved Emperor Dezong, was angered when Emperor Dezong refused to meet him and instead ordered him to attack Chang'an immediately, along with Li Sheng and several other generals.  (Emperor Dezong had done so at Lu Qi's suggestion—as Lu feared that if Emperor Dezong met Li Huaiguang, given Li Huaiguang's achievements, Emperor Dezong would accept Li Huaiguang's opinion that Lu and his associates Zhao Zan () and Bai Zhizhen () were responsible for the calamity.)  Li Huaiguang sent repeated accusations to Emperor Dezong, forcing him to demote Lu, Zhao, and Bai, but even after the demotions had occurred, only slowly advanced toward Chang'an.  Zhu, seeing that Li Huaiguang was disaffected, sent secret messengers to Li Huaiguang, offering to honor Li Huaiguang as an older brother, with both of them serving as emperors of their own independent realms.  Li Huaiguang thus turned against Emperor Dezong—seizing the armies of the generals Li Jianhui () and Yang Huiyuan (), and publicly declaring that he was now in peaceful relations with Zhu and that Emperor Dezong should flee.  Emperor Dezong, fearing the consequences of a joint attack by Li Huaiguang and Zhu, fled to Xingyuan (興元, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi).  In light of Emperor Dezong's flight, a number of Tang officials who had previously refused to submit to Zhu, including the former chancellor Qiao Lin, came out of hiding and joined Zhu's administration.  Meanwhile, though, after Li Huaiguang publicly broke with Emperor Dezong, many of Li Huaiguang's subordinates rose against him, weakening his army substantially.  Zhu then turned against Li Huaiguang as well—no longer honoring him as an older brother, but treating him as a subject.  Li Huaiguang, in anger and in fear that Li Sheng would attack him, withdrew from the Chang'an region entirely, taking up position at Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  Zhu also tried to turn Li Sheng's allegiance by treating the family members of not only Li Sheng but his soldiers who remained at Chang'an well, but Li Sheng rejected his overtures.  Soon, Hun Jian arrived as well, and he and Li Sheng prepared an assault on Chang'an.  When Tufan forces, whom Emperor Dezong had sought help from, arrived as well, however, Zhu was able to persuade them to depart by bribing them.

Paragraph 12: Phan Bội Châu (; 26 December 1867 – 29 October 1940), born Phan Văn San, courtesy name Hải Thụ (later changed to Sào Nam), was a pioneer of Vietnamese 20th century nationalism. In 1903, he formed a revolutionary organization called Duy Tân Hội ("Modernization Association"). From 1905 to 1908, he lived in Japan where he wrote political tracts calling for the independence of Vietnam from French colonial rule. After being forced to leave Japan, he moved to China where he was influenced by Sun Yat-sen. He formed a new group called Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội (“Vietnamese Restoration League”), modeled after Sun Yat-sen's republican party. In 1925, French agents seized him in Shanghai. He was convicted of treason and spent the rest of his life under house arrest in Huế.

Paragraph 13: Clayton married four women in Nauvoo. Margaret Moon, Ruth's younger sister, on April 27, 1843, when plural marriage was still done in secret. At the time, Margaret was engaged to marry Aaron Farr, who was on a mission elsewhere. Seeing Margaret's emotional distress when Farr returned, Clayton asked Joseph Smith if they could annul the marriage, but he said no. Margaret insisted that she wanted to stay with Clayton, perhaps because she was already pregnant by him. On finding out that Margaret was Clayton's second wife, Margaret's mother, Lydia Moon, expressed her strong disapproval, threatening to commit suicide or move out. In order to avoid rumors about Margaret's pregnancy, Joseph Smith advised Clayton that Margaret should stay home until the baby was born. Margaret gave birth in February 1844 to a baby boy who died six months later. Margaret and Clayton later had five other children together. Clayton married Alice Hardman on September 13, 1844. He knew her from his time in the LDS Church in Manchester. Alice did not live in the Clayton home, but Clayton visited her in her own home, and they had four children together. They divorced in 1858. Clayton also married Alice's cousin, Jane Hardman, on May 31, 1840. They were sealed on November 20. 1844, but their marriage failed and she did not accompany Clayton when he left Nauvoo in 1846. Clayton also married Diantha Farr, younger sister to Margaret's once-fiancee, Aaron Farr. They were married on January 9, 1845. Diantha continued to live with her parents and was in late pregnancy when Clayton left Nauvoo with his other family members in February 1846. Diantha died on September 11, 1850, shortly after the birth of her third child.

Paragraph 14: After 1820, Schubert returned to the string quartet form, which he had last visited as a teenager. He wrote the one-movement Quartettsatz in 1820, and the Rosamunde quartet in 1824 using a theme from the incidental music that he wrote for a play that failed. These quartets are a huge step forward from his initial attempts. Even Schubert recognized this fact; in July 1824, he wrote to his brother Ferdinand of his earlier quartets, "it would be better if you stuck to other quartets than mine, for there is nothing in them..." There are several qualities that set these mature quartets apart from Schubert's earlier attempts. In the early quartets, it is primarily the first violin that carries the melody, with the other instruments playing supporting roles; in the later quartets, the part writing is much more advanced, and each instrument brings its own character and presence, for a more complex and integrated texture. Also, the later quartets are structurally much more integrated, with motifs, harmonies, and textures recurring in a way that ties the entire work together.

Paragraph 15: It consisted of guessing the title of the fragments of eight songs (the first seven represented graphically by the musical notes, while the eighth from the jackpot). The competitor, in case he won the prize, could choose to double it by listening to a ninth song. In case he had not guessed it would have lost the entire sum won (the doubling was never attempted by any competitor). There were also two aid to complete the climb, usable in case of error or uncertainty by the competitor but only usable after having guessed the remaining songs (in the version with two competitors the first who could benefit from the aid was the one with less seconds) . Initially they were the option (they were affected five seconds of the song in question and then were given five titles of songs or the same author or very similar, of which only one was correct) and the change (they were made to listen to seven seconds of another song instead of the changed one). The latter was then replaced by a second option from February 6, 2004. The time available was 50 seconds, which flowed backwards and could be stopped by booking. It was not allowed to say "step" and listen to the songs more than once. In the beginning this game involved two competitors, who made the first mistake or did not know the answer and had exhausted the aid or did not exploit properly a help was eliminated and could not continue climbing leaving the title of champion to the opponent, while in the case both had guessed the eight songs the prize money and the title of champion went to those who had more seconds and only he could try to double it. The finalists were then reduced to one from 6 February, which automatically became the champion. In the version to a competitor, the aid was immediately usable, without having to wait to guess all the remaining song fragments.

Paragraph 16: After 1820, Schubert returned to the string quartet form, which he had last visited as a teenager. He wrote the one-movement Quartettsatz in 1820, and the Rosamunde quartet in 1824 using a theme from the incidental music that he wrote for a play that failed. These quartets are a huge step forward from his initial attempts. Even Schubert recognized this fact; in July 1824, he wrote to his brother Ferdinand of his earlier quartets, "it would be better if you stuck to other quartets than mine, for there is nothing in them..." There are several qualities that set these mature quartets apart from Schubert's earlier attempts. In the early quartets, it is primarily the first violin that carries the melody, with the other instruments playing supporting roles; in the later quartets, the part writing is much more advanced, and each instrument brings its own character and presence, for a more complex and integrated texture. Also, the later quartets are structurally much more integrated, with motifs, harmonies, and textures recurring in a way that ties the entire work together.

Paragraph 17: The missions of what is now southeastern Georgia originally served Guale speakers and one or more chiefdoms of Timucua speakers. The Spanish divided Spanish Florida in regions they called "provinces", based mainly on the language or dialect spoken by the inhabitants. Provinces in Spanish records grew and contracted over time, and were sometimes referred to by different names. At the time of the first recorded European visits to the Georgia coast, the Guale people lived north of the Altamaha River on the present-day Georgia Sea Islands and adjacent coast north to St. Catherines Sound. (There is no record of people living at that time in the area north of St. Catherines Sound to the Savannah River.) South of the Guale were various Timucua peoples. The coast from the Altamaha River to St. Augustine was originally called "San Pedro". By the middle of the 17th century, that province became known as "Mocama", and was later subsumed into Guale Province. Within San Pedro Province were several provinces corresponding to sub-groups of the Timucua. On the mainland south of the Altamaha River down to the Satilla River were the Cascangue and Icafui people. While some sources list these as separate tribes, due to some confusion in Spanish records, both groups spoke the Icafi (or Itafi) dialect of the Timucua language and were otherwise closely related. The Yufera people, who spoke their own dialect of Timucuan, lived inland of the Cascangue/Icafui and on the mainland west of Cumberland Island (which the Spanish called San Pedro Island). The Ibi (or Yui), who also spoke the Icafi dialect of the Timucua language, lived west of the Yufera, from the portion of the Satilla River that runs north–south to the Okefenokee Swamp, and south of the east–west trending upper reaches of the Satilla River down to near the St. Marys River. A group speaking the Oconi (or Ocone) dialect of Timucua may have lived on the margin of the Okefenokee Swamp. Those Ocone appear to have been distinct from the Hitchiti-speaking Oconee, who lived on the Oconee River and later, the Chattahoochee River. The Tacatacuru chiefdom, whose people spoke the Mocama dialect of Tumucuan, was centered on Cumberland Island, but extended north to St. Simons Island and south to Fort George Island in Florida. The people of the Arapaha chiefdom, on the Alapaha River in interior southern Georgia, spoke the "Timucua proper" dialect of Timucuan. Later in the 17th century, Yamassee people, under pressure from other native groups allied with the English of the Province of Carolina, pushed into Guale Province, and some of them joined the Spanish missions.

Paragraph 18: Rifleman Ben Perkins first appeared in Sharpe's Havoc however he would have accompanied Sharpe in the retreat to Corunna but was he was never mentioned in Sharpe's Rifles. Perkins was from London and was an unappealing street rat who swept horse manure out of the way for pedestrians in hope of a coin. He was the second youngest of the riflemen however neither Perkins nor Rifleman Pendleton knew the day or the year of their birth. Both were young enough to not yet need to shave. Perkins was only a young rookie alongside Pendleton at the time of Havoc. He fought in the First Battle of Oporto and also partook in the Second Battle of Oporto which he survived. Perkins fought with Sharpe in the Battle at Talavera although he was not mentioned in Sharpe's Eagle. He also participated in the destruction of Almeida but wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Gold and also partook in Sharpe's Escape during the battle of Bussaco. He returned again in Sharpe's Fury, alongside, Sharpe, Harper, Hagman, Harris, and Slattery, however in the Battle at Barrosa it cost the life of Slattery. He partook in the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro and his major role in Sharpe's Battle was he had a romantic relationship with Miranda after she was raped by the French soldiers in Grey uniform led by Brigadier-General Guy Loup. He was also accused when his green coat was missing when Juanita stole his jacket. perkins was touchy about the loss of his jacket and the loss of his armband denoting he was a chosen man, a compliment that was paid to the most reliable and best riflemen. He also survived the battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, and went to fight with Sharpe in the Siege of Ciudad Rodrigo and the Siege of Badajoz. Perkins was not mentioned in the novel Sharpe's Company however he went on to fight in the Battle of Salamanca in Sharpe's Sword but he wasn't mentioned. He reappears in Sharpe's Skirmish in the defence of the Tormes. He survived the defence of the Alba de Tormes, and he went onto fight alongside Sharpe in Sharpe's Enemy but he wasn't mentioned at all. Perkins wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Honour, Regiment, Christmas, Siege, Revenge, or Waterloo. In Sharpe's Waterloo it is noted that Rifleman Hagman is Sharpe's only remaining riflemen left from the retreat to Corunna, suggesting that Perkins did not fight at Waterloo or that he was killed prior to the battle or whether he survived the Peninsular War possibly to marry Miranda is concurrently unknown.

Paragraph 19: The Grip Weeds began their recording career with the 1992 three-song independent release See You Through on their own Ground Up Records label, followed by the single “She Brings The Rain b/w Strange Bird” for the German Twang! label.  Their 1994 full-length album debut House Of Vibes, was the first to be recorded in their own fully equipped home studio, also known as “The House Of Vibes”.  Known for its laid back atmosphere and a collection of vintage sound equipment and instruments, it has also been put to use by many other recording artists including The Smithereens, Jim Babjak’s Buzzed Meg, Najma Akhtar and Gary Lucas, The Swingin' Neckbreakers, The Anderson Council and more.  A second album, for Buy Or Die Compact Discs, The Sound Is In You, followed in 1998.  The band signed with Rainbow Quartz Records for their 2001 release Summer Of A Thousand Years, and followed it up with Giant On The Beach in 2004.  “Little Steven” Van Zandt’s Wicked Cool label released the compilation CD Infinite Soul: The Best Of The Grip Weeds in 2008, and Van Zandt has been a vocal supporter of the band.  Rainbow Quartz released the double CD and double vinyl LP Strange Change Machine in June 2010.  2012 saw the release on Ground Up Records of a live album, Speed of Live (In Concert: In New Jersey) along with a companion DVD release, Live Vibes featuring a "live in the studio" performance taped at The House Of Vibes. Ground Up Records followed the live releases with the 2013 rarities collection, Inner Grooves (Rare And Under-Released Tracks).  After signing with Jem Recordings, the band released their sixth studio album How I Won The War on April 7, 2015. A 2015 concert at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center in New York City was filmed and recorded, and released on December 2nd, 2016 as a limited edition DVD titled  Force Of Nature Live In NYC.  A companion CD, Force Of Nature Live Via Satellite was released simultaneously, consisting of a 2016 live studio performance recorded for Sirius/XM’s The Loft satellite radio show.  On October 19th, 2018, Jem Records released The Grip Weeds' seventh album, Trip Around The Sun on compact disc, vinyl LP and download formats.  2020 and 2021 saw the band contributing tracks to the tribute albums Jem Records Celebrates John Lennon, and Jem Records Celebrates Brian Wilson.  October of 2021 saw the Jem Records release of DiG, an album of cover songs recorded during the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. DiG was released on vinyl LP and download formats, and in 1 CD and 2 CD versions.  An additional accompanying CD A Deeper DiG was released on the band's own Ground Up Records label.

Paragraph 20: Grimminger joined the Nazi Party (NSDAP) in 1922 and became a member of the Sturmabteilung (SA). He took part in street-fighting in Coburg in 1922 and in the Munich Beer Hall Putsch of 8 November 1923. After serving in the Brown House, the general headquarters of the NSDAP, he was selected in 1926 to become a member of the Schutzstaffel (SS). Grimminger was promoted during his service in the SA and the SS, finally reaching the rank of SS-Standartenführer (equivalent to colonel). As a member of the SS, he was appointed to carry the bloodstained Blutfahne from the Munich Putsch. He was decorated with the Golden Party Badge, the Blood Order (no. 714), and the Coburg Badge, three of the most prized decorations of the NSDAP. After the fall of the Third Reich in mid-1945, the fate of the "Blutfahne", of which Grimminger was the guardian, is unknown.

Paragraph 21: He was king of Connacht with opposition from 1189 to 1202 with Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair, son of the previous king Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, Crobhdearg's nephew. In 1190 a meeting was held at Clonfert to try and establish peace between the two claimants but was unsuccessful. Crobhdearg narrowly escaped drowning soon after when his ship was wrecked in a storm on Lough Ree, himself and six others being the only survivors, thirty-six others perishing. In 1195 he led a hosting into Munster destroying several castles and towns. By 1197 conflict had flared up between him and Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht whereupon he was taken prisoner by Crobhdearg after having fled from him the previous year by sea to Thomond. In 1199 Crobhdearg made peace with Cathal Carragh granting him lands in Connacht, seemingly gaining recognition as undisputed king in return. In the same year he raided lands of the Normans in Connacht and the next year the foreigners of Meath with Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht dying in his service on this expedition. Crobhdearg then turned on Cathal Carragh who managed to flee beforehand to the woods and defeat an army sent to pursue him by the king. Carragh then approached the Norman lord William de Burgh giving up his son to them as a guarantee of payment for their aid. They marched on Connacht with allies from Leinster, Thomond, Limerick and Dublin gaining the submission of many of the lords of Connacht forcing Crobhdearg to flee north first to Fermanagh, then the court of the O'Neill's gaining their backing for the kingship.

Paragraph 22: He was king of Connacht with opposition from 1189 to 1202 with Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair, son of the previous king Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, Crobhdearg's nephew. In 1190 a meeting was held at Clonfert to try and establish peace between the two claimants but was unsuccessful. Crobhdearg narrowly escaped drowning soon after when his ship was wrecked in a storm on Lough Ree, himself and six others being the only survivors, thirty-six others perishing. In 1195 he led a hosting into Munster destroying several castles and towns. By 1197 conflict had flared up between him and Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht whereupon he was taken prisoner by Crobhdearg after having fled from him the previous year by sea to Thomond. In 1199 Crobhdearg made peace with Cathal Carragh granting him lands in Connacht, seemingly gaining recognition as undisputed king in return. In the same year he raided lands of the Normans in Connacht and the next year the foreigners of Meath with Rory O'Flaherty lord of west Connacht dying in his service on this expedition. Crobhdearg then turned on Cathal Carragh who managed to flee beforehand to the woods and defeat an army sent to pursue him by the king. Carragh then approached the Norman lord William de Burgh giving up his son to them as a guarantee of payment for their aid. They marched on Connacht with allies from Leinster, Thomond, Limerick and Dublin gaining the submission of many of the lords of Connacht forcing Crobhdearg to flee north first to Fermanagh, then the court of the O'Neill's gaining their backing for the kingship.

Paragraph 23: The missions of what is now southeastern Georgia originally served Guale speakers and one or more chiefdoms of Timucua speakers. The Spanish divided Spanish Florida in regions they called "provinces", based mainly on the language or dialect spoken by the inhabitants. Provinces in Spanish records grew and contracted over time, and were sometimes referred to by different names. At the time of the first recorded European visits to the Georgia coast, the Guale people lived north of the Altamaha River on the present-day Georgia Sea Islands and adjacent coast north to St. Catherines Sound. (There is no record of people living at that time in the area north of St. Catherines Sound to the Savannah River.) South of the Guale were various Timucua peoples. The coast from the Altamaha River to St. Augustine was originally called "San Pedro". By the middle of the 17th century, that province became known as "Mocama", and was later subsumed into Guale Province. Within San Pedro Province were several provinces corresponding to sub-groups of the Timucua. On the mainland south of the Altamaha River down to the Satilla River were the Cascangue and Icafui people. While some sources list these as separate tribes, due to some confusion in Spanish records, both groups spoke the Icafi (or Itafi) dialect of the Timucua language and were otherwise closely related. The Yufera people, who spoke their own dialect of Timucuan, lived inland of the Cascangue/Icafui and on the mainland west of Cumberland Island (which the Spanish called San Pedro Island). The Ibi (or Yui), who also spoke the Icafi dialect of the Timucua language, lived west of the Yufera, from the portion of the Satilla River that runs north–south to the Okefenokee Swamp, and south of the east–west trending upper reaches of the Satilla River down to near the St. Marys River. A group speaking the Oconi (or Ocone) dialect of Timucua may have lived on the margin of the Okefenokee Swamp. Those Ocone appear to have been distinct from the Hitchiti-speaking Oconee, who lived on the Oconee River and later, the Chattahoochee River. The Tacatacuru chiefdom, whose people spoke the Mocama dialect of Tumucuan, was centered on Cumberland Island, but extended north to St. Simons Island and south to Fort George Island in Florida. The people of the Arapaha chiefdom, on the Alapaha River in interior southern Georgia, spoke the "Timucua proper" dialect of Timucuan. Later in the 17th century, Yamassee people, under pressure from other native groups allied with the English of the Province of Carolina, pushed into Guale Province, and some of them joined the Spanish missions.

Paragraph 24: In 2017 season, Harnasko made her senior international debut competing at the L.A. Lights. She then competed at the Senior International tournament in Moscow, the Alina Cup where she finished 4th in the all-around behind Israel's Nicol Zelikman. At the 2017 Grand Prix Kyiv she finished 10th in the all-around. She finished 5th in the all-around at the 2017 Grand Prix Thiais, she qualified to 3 apparatus finals and won a bronze in clubs. From March 31 – April 2, Harnasko competed at the Grand Prix Marbella finishing 9th in the all-around and qualified 2 event finals, where she won bronze in ribbon. She competed in her first World Cup meet at the Pesaro World Cup where she finished 8th in the all-around behind Israel's Victoria Veinberg Filanovsky, she qualified to 2 apparatus finals finishing 5th in clubs and 7th in hoop. At the 2017 Baku World Cup, she finished 4th in the all-around finals, behind Bulgaria's Neviana Vladinova, and also won a bronze in the ribbon and hoop in the apparatus finals. On May 5–7, Harnasko competed at the 2017 Sofia World Cup again finishing 4th in the all-around, she qualified in 3 apparatus finals and won gold in clubs ahead of hometown girl Neviana Vladinova, bronze in ball and placed 7th in ribbon. On May 19–21, Harnasko along with teammate Katsiaryna Halkina represented the individual seniors for Belarus at the 2017 European Championships, she qualified in all apparatus finals taking bronze in ball, finished 4th in clubs, 5th in ribbon and 7th in hoop. Harnasko's next event was at the 2017 World Challenge Cup Guadalajara where she won bronze in the all-around behind Ekaterina Selezneva, she qualified in 3 apparatus finals: taking silver in hoop, bronze in ball and placed 7th in clubs. On July 7–9, Harnasko finished 16th in the all-around at the 2017 Berlin World Challenge Cup, she qualified in ribbon final. Harnasko competed at the quadrennial held 2017 World Games in Wrocław, Poland from July 20–30, she qualified in 2 apparatus finals finishing 4th in hoop and ball. On August 4–6, Harnasko competed at the 2017 Minsk World Challenge Cup winning silver in the all-around behind Aleksandra Soldatova, she qualified in all 4 apparatus finals taking 2 silver medals in ball and ribbon, a bronze in clubs and finished 7th in hoop. On August 11–13, Harnasko competed at the 2017 Kazan World Challenge Cup finishing 9th in the all-around, she qualified in the hoop final and finished in 5th. On August 30 - September 3, Harnasko and Katsiaryna Halkina represented in the individual competitions for Belarus at the 2017 World Championships in Pesaro, Italy; she qualified in the clubs final and finished in 7th place. Harnasko finished 13th in the all-around final behind Japan's Sumire Kita On September 29-October 1, Harnasko was scheduled to compete at the annual World Club Cup the "Aeon Cup" in Tokyo, Japan; however she withdrew before the start of competition because of injury. She underwent a knee surgery on November 8 in Berlin, Germany.

Paragraph 25: After 1820, Schubert returned to the string quartet form, which he had last visited as a teenager. He wrote the one-movement Quartettsatz in 1820, and the Rosamunde quartet in 1824 using a theme from the incidental music that he wrote for a play that failed. These quartets are a huge step forward from his initial attempts. Even Schubert recognized this fact; in July 1824, he wrote to his brother Ferdinand of his earlier quartets, "it would be better if you stuck to other quartets than mine, for there is nothing in them..." There are several qualities that set these mature quartets apart from Schubert's earlier attempts. In the early quartets, it is primarily the first violin that carries the melody, with the other instruments playing supporting roles; in the later quartets, the part writing is much more advanced, and each instrument brings its own character and presence, for a more complex and integrated texture. Also, the later quartets are structurally much more integrated, with motifs, harmonies, and textures recurring in a way that ties the entire work together.

Paragraph 26: South of 42nd Street–Bryant Park is a large interlocking with six crossovers and switches. The original express tracks ended just to the south at 34th Street–Herald Square and some services switched to the local tracks at the interlocking. This was done because the PATH's Uptown Hudson Tubes already existed under Sixth Avenue south of 33rd Street, and so the Sixth Avenue Line local tracks were built on each side of PATH. The section between West Fourth Street–Washington Square and 34th Street–Herald Square, the only express section of this line, was originally built as a two-track subway with the provision to expand to four tracks later. The express tracks were added in the 1960s during the Chrystie Street Connection projects. As a result, they are placed under the local tracks and PATH using the deep-bore tunneling method. At West Fourth Street–Washington Square, the express tracks return to the same level as the local tracks, and the two pairs of tracks in each direction are connected with diamond crossovers. A flying junction just to the south connects the local tracks of the Sixth and Eighth Avenue Lines. The Sixth Avenue Line then turns east under Houston Street with an express station at Broadway–Lafayette Street.

Paragraph 27: The song was partially inspired by Martha & the Vandellas's 1965 song "Nowhere to Run", which Jackson originally considered covering for the album, but instead chose to record a new song after a suggestion from producer Jimmy Jam. After the proposal, Jackson and her producers developed the song's initial idea, which was based on having an anthem-like feel, and "Escapade" became one of the first songs to be recorded for the album. Jam also described the song's production and recording process, saying "While she was sitting in one room coming up with the lyrics, I put it on the 24-track. We hooked the drum machine up. On my left hand I played the bass, on the right hand I played the chord. And it was just enough for her to sing to, which we do a lot. Because we like to let her sing to as minimum of a track as we can do, then fill in the track around her so that her part is the main part of the song. With 'Escapade,' she sang it and we kept saying we'll go back and redo the track...we never redid the track. There's a keyboard bass and another thing, and that was it. All we added were the overdubs, little bells ... because we'd gotten so used to the feel of the track, the mistakes and all, we ended up leaving it the way it was."

Paragraph 28: The Grip Weeds began their recording career with the 1992 three-song independent release See You Through on their own Ground Up Records label, followed by the single “She Brings The Rain b/w Strange Bird” for the German Twang! label.  Their 1994 full-length album debut House Of Vibes, was the first to be recorded in their own fully equipped home studio, also known as “The House Of Vibes”.  Known for its laid back atmosphere and a collection of vintage sound equipment and instruments, it has also been put to use by many other recording artists including The Smithereens, Jim Babjak’s Buzzed Meg, Najma Akhtar and Gary Lucas, The Swingin' Neckbreakers, The Anderson Council and more.  A second album, for Buy Or Die Compact Discs, The Sound Is In You, followed in 1998.  The band signed with Rainbow Quartz Records for their 2001 release Summer Of A Thousand Years, and followed it up with Giant On The Beach in 2004.  “Little Steven” Van Zandt’s Wicked Cool label released the compilation CD Infinite Soul: The Best Of The Grip Weeds in 2008, and Van Zandt has been a vocal supporter of the band.  Rainbow Quartz released the double CD and double vinyl LP Strange Change Machine in June 2010.  2012 saw the release on Ground Up Records of a live album, Speed of Live (In Concert: In New Jersey) along with a companion DVD release, Live Vibes featuring a "live in the studio" performance taped at The House Of Vibes. Ground Up Records followed the live releases with the 2013 rarities collection, Inner Grooves (Rare And Under-Released Tracks).  After signing with Jem Recordings, the band released their sixth studio album How I Won The War on April 7, 2015. A 2015 concert at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center in New York City was filmed and recorded, and released on December 2nd, 2016 as a limited edition DVD titled  Force Of Nature Live In NYC.  A companion CD, Force Of Nature Live Via Satellite was released simultaneously, consisting of a 2016 live studio performance recorded for Sirius/XM’s The Loft satellite radio show.  On October 19th, 2018, Jem Records released The Grip Weeds' seventh album, Trip Around The Sun on compact disc, vinyl LP and download formats.  2020 and 2021 saw the band contributing tracks to the tribute albums Jem Records Celebrates John Lennon, and Jem Records Celebrates Brian Wilson.  October of 2021 saw the Jem Records release of DiG, an album of cover songs recorded during the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. DiG was released on vinyl LP and download formats, and in 1 CD and 2 CD versions.  An additional accompanying CD A Deeper DiG was released on the band's own Ground Up Records label.

Paragraph 29: Rifleman Ben Perkins first appeared in Sharpe's Havoc however he would have accompanied Sharpe in the retreat to Corunna but was he was never mentioned in Sharpe's Rifles. Perkins was from London and was an unappealing street rat who swept horse manure out of the way for pedestrians in hope of a coin. He was the second youngest of the riflemen however neither Perkins nor Rifleman Pendleton knew the day or the year of their birth. Both were young enough to not yet need to shave. Perkins was only a young rookie alongside Pendleton at the time of Havoc. He fought in the First Battle of Oporto and also partook in the Second Battle of Oporto which he survived. Perkins fought with Sharpe in the Battle at Talavera although he was not mentioned in Sharpe's Eagle. He also participated in the destruction of Almeida but wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Gold and also partook in Sharpe's Escape during the battle of Bussaco. He returned again in Sharpe's Fury, alongside, Sharpe, Harper, Hagman, Harris, and Slattery, however in the Battle at Barrosa it cost the life of Slattery. He partook in the Battle of Fuentes de Oñoro and his major role in Sharpe's Battle was he had a romantic relationship with Miranda after she was raped by the French soldiers in Grey uniform led by Brigadier-General Guy Loup. He was also accused when his green coat was missing when Juanita stole his jacket. perkins was touchy about the loss of his jacket and the loss of his armband denoting he was a chosen man, a compliment that was paid to the most reliable and best riflemen. He also survived the battle of Fuentes de Oñoro, and went to fight with Sharpe in the Siege of Ciudad Rodrigo and the Siege of Badajoz. Perkins was not mentioned in the novel Sharpe's Company however he went on to fight in the Battle of Salamanca in Sharpe's Sword but he wasn't mentioned. He reappears in Sharpe's Skirmish in the defence of the Tormes. He survived the defence of the Alba de Tormes, and he went onto fight alongside Sharpe in Sharpe's Enemy but he wasn't mentioned at all. Perkins wasn't mentioned in Sharpe's Honour, Regiment, Christmas, Siege, Revenge, or Waterloo. In Sharpe's Waterloo it is noted that Rifleman Hagman is Sharpe's only remaining riflemen left from the retreat to Corunna, suggesting that Perkins did not fight at Waterloo or that he was killed prior to the battle or whether he survived the Peninsular War possibly to marry Miranda is concurrently unknown.

Paragraph 30: It consisted of guessing the title of the fragments of eight songs (the first seven represented graphically by the musical notes, while the eighth from the jackpot). The competitor, in case he won the prize, could choose to double it by listening to a ninth song. In case he had not guessed it would have lost the entire sum won (the doubling was never attempted by any competitor). There were also two aid to complete the climb, usable in case of error or uncertainty by the competitor but only usable after having guessed the remaining songs (in the version with two competitors the first who could benefit from the aid was the one with less seconds) . Initially they were the option (they were affected five seconds of the song in question and then were given five titles of songs or the same author or very similar, of which only one was correct) and the change (they were made to listen to seven seconds of another song instead of the changed one). The latter was then replaced by a second option from February 6, 2004. The time available was 50 seconds, which flowed backwards and could be stopped by booking. It was not allowed to say "step" and listen to the songs more than once. In the beginning this game involved two competitors, who made the first mistake or did not know the answer and had exhausted the aid or did not exploit properly a help was eliminated and could not continue climbing leaving the title of champion to the opponent, while in the case both had guessed the eight songs the prize money and the title of champion went to those who had more seconds and only he could try to double it. The finalists were then reduced to one from 6 February, which automatically became the champion. In the version to a competitor, the aid was immediately usable, without having to wait to guess all the remaining song fragments.

Paragraph 31: Phan Bội Châu (; 26 December 1867 – 29 October 1940), born Phan Văn San, courtesy name Hải Thụ (later changed to Sào Nam), was a pioneer of Vietnamese 20th century nationalism. In 1903, he formed a revolutionary organization called Duy Tân Hội ("Modernization Association"). From 1905 to 1908, he lived in Japan where he wrote political tracts calling for the independence of Vietnam from French colonial rule. After being forced to leave Japan, he moved to China where he was influenced by Sun Yat-sen. He formed a new group called Việt Nam Quang Phục Hội (“Vietnamese Restoration League”), modeled after Sun Yat-sen's republican party. In 1925, French agents seized him in Shanghai. He was convicted of treason and spent the rest of his life under house arrest in Huế.

Paragraph 32: The Grip Weeds began their recording career with the 1992 three-song independent release See You Through on their own Ground Up Records label, followed by the single “She Brings The Rain b/w Strange Bird” for the German Twang! label.  Their 1994 full-length album debut House Of Vibes, was the first to be recorded in their own fully equipped home studio, also known as “The House Of Vibes”.  Known for its laid back atmosphere and a collection of vintage sound equipment and instruments, it has also been put to use by many other recording artists including The Smithereens, Jim Babjak’s Buzzed Meg, Najma Akhtar and Gary Lucas, The Swingin' Neckbreakers, The Anderson Council and more.  A second album, for Buy Or Die Compact Discs, The Sound Is In You, followed in 1998.  The band signed with Rainbow Quartz Records for their 2001 release Summer Of A Thousand Years, and followed it up with Giant On The Beach in 2004.  “Little Steven” Van Zandt’s Wicked Cool label released the compilation CD Infinite Soul: The Best Of The Grip Weeds in 2008, and Van Zandt has been a vocal supporter of the band.  Rainbow Quartz released the double CD and double vinyl LP Strange Change Machine in June 2010.  2012 saw the release on Ground Up Records of a live album, Speed of Live (In Concert: In New Jersey) along with a companion DVD release, Live Vibes featuring a "live in the studio" performance taped at The House Of Vibes. Ground Up Records followed the live releases with the 2013 rarities collection, Inner Grooves (Rare And Under-Released Tracks).  After signing with Jem Recordings, the band released their sixth studio album How I Won The War on April 7, 2015. A 2015 concert at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center in New York City was filmed and recorded, and released on December 2nd, 2016 as a limited edition DVD titled  Force Of Nature Live In NYC.  A companion CD, Force Of Nature Live Via Satellite was released simultaneously, consisting of a 2016 live studio performance recorded for Sirius/XM’s The Loft satellite radio show.  On October 19th, 2018, Jem Records released The Grip Weeds' seventh album, Trip Around The Sun on compact disc, vinyl LP and download formats.  2020 and 2021 saw the band contributing tracks to the tribute albums Jem Records Celebrates John Lennon, and Jem Records Celebrates Brian Wilson.  October of 2021 saw the Jem Records release of DiG, an album of cover songs recorded during the 2020 and 2021 COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. DiG was released on vinyl LP and download formats, and in 1 CD and 2 CD versions.  An additional accompanying CD A Deeper DiG was released on the band's own Ground Up Records label.