Paragraph 1: Periyalvar was born into a Brahmin family in Srivilliputhur, near Madurai and was named Vishnuchittar meaning "one who has Vishnu in his mind". Since his childhood, he had very strong devotion to Vishnu. He renounced many aspects of common life of a man i.e., getting educated , getting married and have children, earning money, but instead focus on Bhakti (devotion), especially on doing simple tasks for god. He would make garlands of flowers for the deity of the Vadapadrasayi temple. Once during random rounds around the city, the Pandyan king Vallabhadeva thought to take rest in a nearby temple. There, a man who renounced his life was singing a song related to liberation or moksha. The king heard this, turned very emotional and the song had a very strong influence in him. Next morning, he declined his kingship and held a competition between scholars to find out the path to liberation. The prize is 1,00,000 gold coins, tied to a large pillar, which will definitely fall if god is convinced about the answer whoever tells. All tries, but the bag doesn't fall down. On the other side, Vishnuchitta was gardening his Tulasi plants at the moment. According to tradition, Vishnu informed about this event to Vishnuchitta who was unaware what was going on in the city. Vishnuchitta despite repeated convince, declined Lord Vishnu's advise to go and win the competition, stating that he had no education, and how can he win the competition that too which has to be explained according to the vedas. Vishnu, took his conch, and placed it on Vishnuchitta's head and mouth, immediately Vishnuchitta became very fluent in Vedas and all other education, just by simple touch by a powerful Panchajanya on his head. He went to the competition ground. Seeing the participants, he was afraid and nervous. But boldly, he placed his anxiety on Vishnu, automatically, he put forward the necessary points and proofs that Vishnu is the ultimate destiny to all, and the bag fell at Vishnuchitta's feet. The king was very happy, and placed Vishnuchitta on an elephant taking him in procession around the streets of Madurai. Vishnu gave his appearance to all the sky of Madurai and blessed Vishnuchitta. Vishnuchitta didn't have a minute pride, and cried to the lord, why is he taken into precession, even though it is the lord who was actual reason for all that is happening. Immediately, he wrote the famous Tirupallantu on the elephant. 

Paragraph 2: After Boer farmers, who lived in the Vryheid area, had helped King Dinuzulu defeat his rival chief Zibhebhu for succession of the Zulu throne, land that they occupied was given to them by cession from the Zulu king along the banks of the Mfolozi River. On August 5, 1884 the Boers formed the Nieuwe Republiek (New Republic) with Vryheid as its capital and its sovereignty was recognized by Germany and Portugal. It was later incorporated into the South African Republic, but at the end of the Second Boer War the town and its surrounding area was absorbed into the Natal colony by the British. Vryheid is located along the Transnet Coalline.

Paragraph 3: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 4: In the 1960s and 1970s, British jazz began to have more varied influences, from Africa and the Caribbean. The influx of musicians from the Caribbean brought to the UK shores excellent musicians, including the Jamaican saxophonist Joe Harriott. Firmly established as an outstanding bebop soloist before his arrival in the UK he went on to claim a leading spot in British jazz. Harriott was an important voice and innovator whose constant search for new ways to express his music was to lead to collaborations with fellow Jamaican Alpha Boys School alumnus trumpeter Dizzy Reece and St Vincent trumpeter Shake Keane. Harriott turned to what he termed "abstract" or "free form" music. He had been toying with some loose free form ideas since the mid-1950s, but finally settled upon his conception in 1959, after a protracted spell in hospital with tuberculosis gave him time to think things over. At first he struggled to recruit other like-minded musicians to his vision. Indeed, two of his core band members, Harry South and Hank Shaw, left when these ideas surfaced. He finally settled on a line-up of Keane (trumpet, flugelhorn), Pat Smythe (piano), Coleridge Goode (bass) and Phil Seamen (drums). Les Condon temporarily replaced Keane on trumpet in 1961, while Seamen left permanently the same year, his place taken by the return of the quintet's previous drummer, Bobby Orr. Harriot's subsequent groundbreaking album Free Form was released in early 1960, historically prior to celebrated American saxophonist Ornette Coleman's own experimental Free Jazz album. Harriott's free form music is often compared to Ornette Coleman's roughly contemporary breakthrough in the US, but even cursory listening reveals deep divisions between their conceptions of "free jazz". Indeed, there were several distinctive models of early free jazz, from Cecil Taylor to Sun Ra. Harriott's was another of these. His method demanded more complete group improvisation than displayed in Coleman's music, and often featured no particular soloist. Instead of the steady pulse of Ornette's drummer and bass player, Harriott's model demanded constant dialogue between musicians which created an ever-shifting soundscape. Tempo, key and meter always free to alter in this music, and often did so. The presence of Bill Evans-inspired pianist Pat Smythe, also gave the band a completely different texture to Coleman's, which by then had dispensed with the need for a pianist.

Paragraph 5: Because he wanted to demonstrate that it was possible to ride the craggy trail from Lake Tahoe to Auburn in a day, high country rider Wendell Robie of Auburn, California developed this trail. In 1964 Paige Harper's horse Keno was the first recipient of the James Ben Ali Haggin Cup, commonly called the Haggin Cup. The first ten riders to finish successfully may present their horse before the Veterinary Committee and the WSTF Cup Committee on Sunday morning. One horse is selected as finishing in the most superior condition. In AERC, weight and ride time contribute to the equivalent called Best Condition. It is believed that the practice of selecting a Best Condition horse began when commanding Officers in the U.S. Cavalry would select a superior mount from their regiment to ride the day after arriving at their destination. In 1989 the WSTF Veterinary Committee with the support of the WSTF Cup Committee did not award the Haggin Cup. 51 years after its inception, the Haggin Cup has been awarded 49 times: 39 geldings (80%), 8 mares (16%) and 2 stallions (4%) through 2014 when Barrak Blakeley's 17-year-old Arabian gelding MCM Last Dance won the award (the youngest rider and oldest horse to win the Haggin Cup).

Paragraph 6: When the attack began, Eilistraee (whose skills in archery, scouting, and hunting were widely known among the Seldarine) was the first to spot the threat, allowing her father and the other elven deities to prepare a defense. The Dark Maiden took part in the battle, enthusiastic and proud to be able to fight by her father's side in defense of their home. In the heat of the battle that ensued, when Ghaunadaur made its entrance, Corellon painfully realized that the threat had to have come from within the Seldarine itself, as a being like Ghaunadaur could only enter Arvandor if a true evil already lurked within the plane. His sorrow grew even more intense when he realized that his lover, Araushnee, was behind it, as she stood observing the battle in triumph. Seeing the distraction and shock of the elven lord, an ogre god took advantage of the situation and charged towards his position: he almost managed to end his life, but Eilistraee acted swiftly to defend her father, loosing an arrow at the charging ogre-god. The young goddess didn't know, however, that the scabbard that Araushnee had crafted for Corellon's sword was imbued with a curse which magically drew the shaft of the arrow, changing its path to instead pierce his chest. Seeing the scene from the skies, Aerdrie Faenya, unaware of the deception, struck the still-shocked Eilistraee down, incapacitating her. Despite Corellon being almost fatally wounded, the battle was ultimately won by the forces of the Seldarine and, as soon as the last invader was driven from Arvandor, the elven deities – still unbelieving that the Dark Maiden could act against her father – gathered around the unconscious elven lord, trying to aid him and save his life.

Paragraph 7: Periyalvar was born into a Brahmin family in Srivilliputhur, near Madurai and was named Vishnuchittar meaning "one who has Vishnu in his mind". Since his childhood, he had very strong devotion to Vishnu. He renounced many aspects of common life of a man i.e., getting educated , getting married and have children, earning money, but instead focus on Bhakti (devotion), especially on doing simple tasks for god. He would make garlands of flowers for the deity of the Vadapadrasayi temple. Once during random rounds around the city, the Pandyan king Vallabhadeva thought to take rest in a nearby temple. There, a man who renounced his life was singing a song related to liberation or moksha. The king heard this, turned very emotional and the song had a very strong influence in him. Next morning, he declined his kingship and held a competition between scholars to find out the path to liberation. The prize is 1,00,000 gold coins, tied to a large pillar, which will definitely fall if god is convinced about the answer whoever tells. All tries, but the bag doesn't fall down. On the other side, Vishnuchitta was gardening his Tulasi plants at the moment. According to tradition, Vishnu informed about this event to Vishnuchitta who was unaware what was going on in the city. Vishnuchitta despite repeated convince, declined Lord Vishnu's advise to go and win the competition, stating that he had no education, and how can he win the competition that too which has to be explained according to the vedas. Vishnu, took his conch, and placed it on Vishnuchitta's head and mouth, immediately Vishnuchitta became very fluent in Vedas and all other education, just by simple touch by a powerful Panchajanya on his head. He went to the competition ground. Seeing the participants, he was afraid and nervous. But boldly, he placed his anxiety on Vishnu, automatically, he put forward the necessary points and proofs that Vishnu is the ultimate destiny to all, and the bag fell at Vishnuchitta's feet. The king was very happy, and placed Vishnuchitta on an elephant taking him in procession around the streets of Madurai. Vishnu gave his appearance to all the sky of Madurai and blessed Vishnuchitta. Vishnuchitta didn't have a minute pride, and cried to the lord, why is he taken into precession, even though it is the lord who was actual reason for all that is happening. Immediately, he wrote the famous Tirupallantu on the elephant. 

Paragraph 8: After Boer farmers, who lived in the Vryheid area, had helped King Dinuzulu defeat his rival chief Zibhebhu for succession of the Zulu throne, land that they occupied was given to them by cession from the Zulu king along the banks of the Mfolozi River. On August 5, 1884 the Boers formed the Nieuwe Republiek (New Republic) with Vryheid as its capital and its sovereignty was recognized by Germany and Portugal. It was later incorporated into the South African Republic, but at the end of the Second Boer War the town and its surrounding area was absorbed into the Natal colony by the British. Vryheid is located along the Transnet Coalline.

Paragraph 9: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 10: In the 1960s and 1970s, British jazz began to have more varied influences, from Africa and the Caribbean. The influx of musicians from the Caribbean brought to the UK shores excellent musicians, including the Jamaican saxophonist Joe Harriott. Firmly established as an outstanding bebop soloist before his arrival in the UK he went on to claim a leading spot in British jazz. Harriott was an important voice and innovator whose constant search for new ways to express his music was to lead to collaborations with fellow Jamaican Alpha Boys School alumnus trumpeter Dizzy Reece and St Vincent trumpeter Shake Keane. Harriott turned to what he termed "abstract" or "free form" music. He had been toying with some loose free form ideas since the mid-1950s, but finally settled upon his conception in 1959, after a protracted spell in hospital with tuberculosis gave him time to think things over. At first he struggled to recruit other like-minded musicians to his vision. Indeed, two of his core band members, Harry South and Hank Shaw, left when these ideas surfaced. He finally settled on a line-up of Keane (trumpet, flugelhorn), Pat Smythe (piano), Coleridge Goode (bass) and Phil Seamen (drums). Les Condon temporarily replaced Keane on trumpet in 1961, while Seamen left permanently the same year, his place taken by the return of the quintet's previous drummer, Bobby Orr. Harriot's subsequent groundbreaking album Free Form was released in early 1960, historically prior to celebrated American saxophonist Ornette Coleman's own experimental Free Jazz album. Harriott's free form music is often compared to Ornette Coleman's roughly contemporary breakthrough in the US, but even cursory listening reveals deep divisions between their conceptions of "free jazz". Indeed, there were several distinctive models of early free jazz, from Cecil Taylor to Sun Ra. Harriott's was another of these. His method demanded more complete group improvisation than displayed in Coleman's music, and often featured no particular soloist. Instead of the steady pulse of Ornette's drummer and bass player, Harriott's model demanded constant dialogue between musicians which created an ever-shifting soundscape. Tempo, key and meter always free to alter in this music, and often did so. The presence of Bill Evans-inspired pianist Pat Smythe, also gave the band a completely different texture to Coleman's, which by then had dispensed with the need for a pianist.

Paragraph 11: In December 1941 and January 1942, Chetniks under Dangić's command co-operated with the Germans in eastern Bosnia. Between December 1941 and April 1942, Dangić engaged in direct negotiations with the Germans. During the latter half of December he met with Abwehr representatives numerous times in an effort to reach an agreement with them. In January 1942, Dangić and other Chetnik leaders met with Renzo Dalmazzo, the commander of the Italian 6th Army Corps. By this time, Dangić's cooperation with the Germans came to be seen as being even more valuable because of the arrival of Tito and his First Proletarian Brigade to eastern Bosnia. The Germans and Croats launched Operation Southeast Croatia on 17 January. Dangić and Todorović advised other Chetnik commanders that the operation was targeted at the Partisans, and there was no need for the Chetniks to get involved. Following this, their units withdrew from their positions on the front line, let the Germans pass through their areas, or went home. Many withdrew across the Drina river into the German-occupied territory of Serbia to avoid being engaged. On 22 January, Dangić ordered his own troops to permit the Germans to pass through Bosnia, saying "they are advancing peacefully and minding their own business without disturbing our unfortunate and long-suffering people." He urged Chetniks and Serbs to annihilate the Ustaše, Croats and Communists. Within a few days, the Germans and Croats succeeded in pushing the Partisans out of eastern Bosnia and southward into the Italian-occupied zone of the NDH. The Chetnik actions in response to Operation Southeast Croatia severely weakened Partisan defences with the result that they suffered significant casualties and lost a great deal of territory. The result was the severing of any remaining cooperative links that remained between the Chetniks and Partisans in eastern Bosnia. In the same month Dangić's staff declared that the Partisans "are led by the Kike Moša Pijade, the Turk Safet Mujić, the Magyar Franjo Vajnert, and that so-and-so Petar Ilić whose real name nobody knows [emphasis in the original]" and announced the shared goal of the Partisans and Ustaše was "to break up and destroy Serbdom. That, and that alone!  [emphasis in the original]". In February, Dangić and other former Royal Yugoslav Army officers re-entered eastern Bosnia from the German-occupied territory of Serbia, where some of them had withdrawn to avoid Operation Southeast Croatia. They started to re-form Chetnik units in eastern Bosnia and began agitating against the Partisans on a "conservative, Serb-nationalist and anti-Muslim basis."

Paragraph 12: Because he wanted to demonstrate that it was possible to ride the craggy trail from Lake Tahoe to Auburn in a day, high country rider Wendell Robie of Auburn, California developed this trail. In 1964 Paige Harper's horse Keno was the first recipient of the James Ben Ali Haggin Cup, commonly called the Haggin Cup. The first ten riders to finish successfully may present their horse before the Veterinary Committee and the WSTF Cup Committee on Sunday morning. One horse is selected as finishing in the most superior condition. In AERC, weight and ride time contribute to the equivalent called Best Condition. It is believed that the practice of selecting a Best Condition horse began when commanding Officers in the U.S. Cavalry would select a superior mount from their regiment to ride the day after arriving at their destination. In 1989 the WSTF Veterinary Committee with the support of the WSTF Cup Committee did not award the Haggin Cup. 51 years after its inception, the Haggin Cup has been awarded 49 times: 39 geldings (80%), 8 mares (16%) and 2 stallions (4%) through 2014 when Barrak Blakeley's 17-year-old Arabian gelding MCM Last Dance won the award (the youngest rider and oldest horse to win the Haggin Cup).

Paragraph 13: After Boer farmers, who lived in the Vryheid area, had helped King Dinuzulu defeat his rival chief Zibhebhu for succession of the Zulu throne, land that they occupied was given to them by cession from the Zulu king along the banks of the Mfolozi River. On August 5, 1884 the Boers formed the Nieuwe Republiek (New Republic) with Vryheid as its capital and its sovereignty was recognized by Germany and Portugal. It was later incorporated into the South African Republic, but at the end of the Second Boer War the town and its surrounding area was absorbed into the Natal colony by the British. Vryheid is located along the Transnet Coalline.

Paragraph 14: Finally, Queen Cleopatra II dies peacefully in her bed, and her brother, King Ptolemy, leaves on his own deathbed a will which he designed to cause mayhem among his family. His wife Cleopatra III is named as his successor, but she chooses her favourite younger son, Alexander, to share the throne with her. The mob dislikes that, because Alexander is not the eldest son, so she has no alternative but to proclaim her elder son Chickpea, whom she loathes, King of Egypt instead, but proceeds to divorce him from her eldest daughter Cleopatra IV, with whom he already has a daughter, Cleopatra Berenike, and to marry her youngest daughter Cleopatra Selene to him instead, making her, and not the firstborn Cleopatra IV, wife of the king and thus queen consort of Egypt. After that she exiles Cleopatra IV, who tries to get support with her younger brother Alexander, who is now governor of Cyprus; when she fails, she goes to the court of her cousin Grypus and her sister Tryphaena, who receives orders from her mother to put Cleopatra to death. Cleopatra doublecrosses Grypus and uses her army to help Grypus's brother and rival to the throne, Cyzicenus, who marries her and makes her Queen of Syria, so when the civil war in Syria takes another turn, Grypus and Tryphaena capture Cleopatra IV and Tryphaena has her killed. Some time later, the war in Syria again takes different turn, and Queen Cleopatra Tryphaena gets captured by her brother-in-law Cyzicenus, who takes revenge upon her for killing his wife, and slowly and painfully kills her. In the meanwhile, Queen Cleopatra III and her daughter, Queen Cleopatra Selene, arrange for Chickpea to be driven out of the kingdom by an angry mob, whom they convince that Chickpea tried to kill his mother. Chickpea flees Egypt and goes to Cyprus, while Alexander finally becomes his mother's co-ruler, whom she treats as a puppet. Selene is married to the widowed King Grypus of Syria, her cousin and ex-brother-in-law, and Cleopatra III forces Alexander to marry his niece Cleopatra Berenike, Chickpea and Cleopatra IV's young daughter. When hearing of this, his secret wife in Cyprus, with whom he even had a son, takes her own life. When Alexander receives the news, he finally stands up to his mother and tries to suffocate her, but fails, only to be helped by the young, but very ambitious Cleopatra Berenike, his niece and chosen bride-to-be, who wants above everything else to become the ruling queen of Egypt, who finishes her grandmother off with a cushion.

Paragraph 15: Periyalvar was born into a Brahmin family in Srivilliputhur, near Madurai and was named Vishnuchittar meaning "one who has Vishnu in his mind". Since his childhood, he had very strong devotion to Vishnu. He renounced many aspects of common life of a man i.e., getting educated , getting married and have children, earning money, but instead focus on Bhakti (devotion), especially on doing simple tasks for god. He would make garlands of flowers for the deity of the Vadapadrasayi temple. Once during random rounds around the city, the Pandyan king Vallabhadeva thought to take rest in a nearby temple. There, a man who renounced his life was singing a song related to liberation or moksha. The king heard this, turned very emotional and the song had a very strong influence in him. Next morning, he declined his kingship and held a competition between scholars to find out the path to liberation. The prize is 1,00,000 gold coins, tied to a large pillar, which will definitely fall if god is convinced about the answer whoever tells. All tries, but the bag doesn't fall down. On the other side, Vishnuchitta was gardening his Tulasi plants at the moment. According to tradition, Vishnu informed about this event to Vishnuchitta who was unaware what was going on in the city. Vishnuchitta despite repeated convince, declined Lord Vishnu's advise to go and win the competition, stating that he had no education, and how can he win the competition that too which has to be explained according to the vedas. Vishnu, took his conch, and placed it on Vishnuchitta's head and mouth, immediately Vishnuchitta became very fluent in Vedas and all other education, just by simple touch by a powerful Panchajanya on his head. He went to the competition ground. Seeing the participants, he was afraid and nervous. But boldly, he placed his anxiety on Vishnu, automatically, he put forward the necessary points and proofs that Vishnu is the ultimate destiny to all, and the bag fell at Vishnuchitta's feet. The king was very happy, and placed Vishnuchitta on an elephant taking him in procession around the streets of Madurai. Vishnu gave his appearance to all the sky of Madurai and blessed Vishnuchitta. Vishnuchitta didn't have a minute pride, and cried to the lord, why is he taken into precession, even though it is the lord who was actual reason for all that is happening. Immediately, he wrote the famous Tirupallantu on the elephant. 

Paragraph 16: Because he wanted to demonstrate that it was possible to ride the craggy trail from Lake Tahoe to Auburn in a day, high country rider Wendell Robie of Auburn, California developed this trail. In 1964 Paige Harper's horse Keno was the first recipient of the James Ben Ali Haggin Cup, commonly called the Haggin Cup. The first ten riders to finish successfully may present their horse before the Veterinary Committee and the WSTF Cup Committee on Sunday morning. One horse is selected as finishing in the most superior condition. In AERC, weight and ride time contribute to the equivalent called Best Condition. It is believed that the practice of selecting a Best Condition horse began when commanding Officers in the U.S. Cavalry would select a superior mount from their regiment to ride the day after arriving at their destination. In 1989 the WSTF Veterinary Committee with the support of the WSTF Cup Committee did not award the Haggin Cup. 51 years after its inception, the Haggin Cup has been awarded 49 times: 39 geldings (80%), 8 mares (16%) and 2 stallions (4%) through 2014 when Barrak Blakeley's 17-year-old Arabian gelding MCM Last Dance won the award (the youngest rider and oldest horse to win the Haggin Cup).

Paragraph 17: In the 1960s and 1970s, British jazz began to have more varied influences, from Africa and the Caribbean. The influx of musicians from the Caribbean brought to the UK shores excellent musicians, including the Jamaican saxophonist Joe Harriott. Firmly established as an outstanding bebop soloist before his arrival in the UK he went on to claim a leading spot in British jazz. Harriott was an important voice and innovator whose constant search for new ways to express his music was to lead to collaborations with fellow Jamaican Alpha Boys School alumnus trumpeter Dizzy Reece and St Vincent trumpeter Shake Keane. Harriott turned to what he termed "abstract" or "free form" music. He had been toying with some loose free form ideas since the mid-1950s, but finally settled upon his conception in 1959, after a protracted spell in hospital with tuberculosis gave him time to think things over. At first he struggled to recruit other like-minded musicians to his vision. Indeed, two of his core band members, Harry South and Hank Shaw, left when these ideas surfaced. He finally settled on a line-up of Keane (trumpet, flugelhorn), Pat Smythe (piano), Coleridge Goode (bass) and Phil Seamen (drums). Les Condon temporarily replaced Keane on trumpet in 1961, while Seamen left permanently the same year, his place taken by the return of the quintet's previous drummer, Bobby Orr. Harriot's subsequent groundbreaking album Free Form was released in early 1960, historically prior to celebrated American saxophonist Ornette Coleman's own experimental Free Jazz album. Harriott's free form music is often compared to Ornette Coleman's roughly contemporary breakthrough in the US, but even cursory listening reveals deep divisions between their conceptions of "free jazz". Indeed, there were several distinctive models of early free jazz, from Cecil Taylor to Sun Ra. Harriott's was another of these. His method demanded more complete group improvisation than displayed in Coleman's music, and often featured no particular soloist. Instead of the steady pulse of Ornette's drummer and bass player, Harriott's model demanded constant dialogue between musicians which created an ever-shifting soundscape. Tempo, key and meter always free to alter in this music, and often did so. The presence of Bill Evans-inspired pianist Pat Smythe, also gave the band a completely different texture to Coleman's, which by then had dispensed with the need for a pianist.