Paragraph 1: Entering the 2005–06 season, Horton stated in response to a question about his shoulders: "I feel better. I feel stronger, bigger." In the season opener against the Atlanta Thrashers, Horton scored the first goal for the Panthers. Through the first games of the season, Horton was tied for the team lead in goals. On November 8, 2005, he was placed on injured reserve because of a knee injury. He was activated on December 1 and scored in his first game back against the Washington Capitals to help the Panthers win 3–2. Horton added two goals against the Chicago Blackhawks in the Panthers' next game to bring his season total to 10 in 17 games. Against the Nashville Predators on December 13, Horton recorded his first career hat-trick and stated after the game: "It's a pretty nice feeling. I felt like there was no one on me. I just tried to get it to the net and it went in every time." Despite missing ten games to injury, Horton was tied with teammate Olli Jokinen for the team lead in goals with 16 after 38 games. Against Washington on January 9, Horton and Joe Nieuwendyk scored a goal in the shootout to help the Panthers win 4–3. Two days after his shootout goal, Horton was promoted to the Panthers' first line. Despite his promotion to the first line, Horton's name was mentioned in a potential trade with the Vancouver Canucks, but nothing materialized. In a 6–2 win over the Ottawa Senators, Horton scored two goals including one on a rebound, after which he said: "It just popped right out to me. It was a long time coming for goals for me. I got lucky tonight and hopefully they keep going in." In March, Horton began playing in penalty kill situations for the first time in his career. Also against the Lightning, Horton scored the Panthers' only goal with his 27th goal of the season. Horton completed the season playing 71 games, scoring 28 goals and adding 19 assists.

Paragraph 2: The Gatineau Olympiques are a major junior ice hockey team based in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada, that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). Starting with the 2021–22 season, the Olympiques play home games at Centre Slush Puppie, having previously played at the Robert Guertin Centre dating back to its beginnings in the Central Junior A Hockey League. The club, then known as the Hull Festivals, was granted membership in the QMJHL in 1973. The Olympiques have appeared in the Memorial Cup seven times, winning once in 1997. Over eighty former players and coaches have gone on to play or coach in the National Hockey League (NHL), including Martin Biron, Aleš Hemský, Jean-Gabriel Pageau, Luc Robitaille, Jeremy Roenick, Michael Ryder, Maxime Talbot, José Théodore, Colin White, Claude Giroux, David Krejčí, Jack Adams-winning head coaches Alain Vigneault and Pat Burns, and 2011 Stanley Cup-winning coach Claude Julien.

Paragraph 3: Kwairyō finds himself traveling through the hills in a province called Kai when he realizes that he is far from any hamlet or village. Having resigned himself to sleeping outside (something which does not bother our stalwart hero in the least), he is warned of “Hairy Things” and offered a place to pass the night by a woodcutter. Kwairyō accepts the offer and follows the woodcutter to his warmly lit cottage. Kwairyō meets the other four members of the household and has a brief conversation with the woodcutter who admits that he used to be a warrior of rank but through his selfishness, he brought about the ruin of his house. Kwairyō offers to recite some Buddhist sutras for him then retires to his room. Sleep eludes him and he is getting a drink when he finds five bodies on the floor, without heads. He assumes they are rokurokubi, but they are more likely nukekubi (Hearn's mistake or Kwairyō's, we don't know for sure). A rokurokubi's head does not detach from the body but merely travels far from it on the end of an infinitely extendable neck. These were most likely nukekubi since their heads were completely detached from their bodies. Also, in Japanese, nuku (抜く), while having several meanings, means to detach or unplug while the word rokuro refers to a pulley as well as a potter's wheel. We can infer that these were indeed nukekubi. Whatever the case, Kwairyō moves the body of the woodcutter from its original position in order to prevent the head from finding its body ever again (an inherent weakness of the nukekubi) then finds the heads bobbing around outside discussing how best to go about eating him. Kwairyō, with a small element of surprise, manages to beat away four of them who later flee while the last one, the head of the woodcutter, bites onto the sleeve of his koromo (a garment worn by Buddhist priests) and remains clamped there even after death, impossible to remove. Kwairyō travels to a near village called Suwa and after being questioned by authorities about the severed head attached to his clothing, he explains about the night's events. A wise magistrate recognizes the character on the back of the neck, which signifies that it was indeed a nukekubi and not a murder victim. He is released and encounters a thief on the highway who after some discussion acquires the koromo from Kwairyō to play himself off as a hardened thug. He learns of the actual events of the night and brings the head back to the woodcutter's cabin and buries it.

Paragraph 4: The issue begins in a dream of Spaceboy's illustrating "a perfect life" by being married to The Rumor and having chimpanzee children. Spaceboy is bewildered when there is a sudden flash. Seconds later, his surroundings and "perfect life" are burnt to ash. The Monocle appears and asks if Spaceboy really thought it would "all turn out all right". Spaceboy wakes up and the story proceeds to Hazel and Cha-Cha's hideaway where Agnes has taken off the shoes (out of respect) of The Séance (leaving him open to use his powers). Hazel and Cha-Cha enter the room where Seance (presumed dead by the duo), a useless Spaceboy, and Agnes are held and reveal to have with them the nuclear explosive codes which Kennedy had given to Hargreeves 17 years ago. The duo activates the codes, only to discover that it has a timer. Seconds later, Cha-Cha pulls out a gun and blasts Hazel's brains out before pulling the trigger on himself. It's revealed that Séance (with God's help) has returned from the dead and that he had possessed Cha-Cha and at the same time disarmed the codes. Meanwhile, at the Perseus Building, the spoiled son of corporate millionaire (Mr. Perseus) is arguing with the board of his corporation on what to do with the fortune that has recently come into his possession. To one of the board member's dismay, he proposes that they invest the money on some experiments and that anyone who tries to get in his way will be killed. The story proceeds to the Corrections Department of The Office At The End Of Time, where Carmichael is discussing tactics to the Temps Aeternalis on how they're to finish the job of assassinating John F. Kennedy which the older Number Five had failed to do. Carmichael reveals the younger Number Five in the front of the room to which Number Five responds not to bother and that the only reason they aren't dead already is that he has decided to help. Later that night, Seance, Spaceboy, and Kraken meet back at the Umbrella Academy where Séance appears to be digging up Pogo's grave. It's revealed that Pogo wasn't buried under his memorial, but rather a Temps Aeternalis agent who tells them (through Séance) that Number Five is planning to go back to 1963, Dallas, to assassinate JFK, which angers Kraken. Séance, Kraken, and Spaceboy use the dead agent's time machine to go back in time. Meanwhile, back in Hazel and Cha-Cha's Hideaway, Body (Inspector Lupo's chimpanzee partner) and a handful of officers are tending to Agnes. Body then hears a beeping sound; Agnes tells him it is the nuclear detonator, ending Chapter Four (and the world).

Paragraph 5: Entering the 2005–06 season, Horton stated in response to a question about his shoulders: "I feel better. I feel stronger, bigger." In the season opener against the Atlanta Thrashers, Horton scored the first goal for the Panthers. Through the first games of the season, Horton was tied for the team lead in goals. On November 8, 2005, he was placed on injured reserve because of a knee injury. He was activated on December 1 and scored in his first game back against the Washington Capitals to help the Panthers win 3–2. Horton added two goals against the Chicago Blackhawks in the Panthers' next game to bring his season total to 10 in 17 games. Against the Nashville Predators on December 13, Horton recorded his first career hat-trick and stated after the game: "It's a pretty nice feeling. I felt like there was no one on me. I just tried to get it to the net and it went in every time." Despite missing ten games to injury, Horton was tied with teammate Olli Jokinen for the team lead in goals with 16 after 38 games. Against Washington on January 9, Horton and Joe Nieuwendyk scored a goal in the shootout to help the Panthers win 4–3. Two days after his shootout goal, Horton was promoted to the Panthers' first line. Despite his promotion to the first line, Horton's name was mentioned in a potential trade with the Vancouver Canucks, but nothing materialized. In a 6–2 win over the Ottawa Senators, Horton scored two goals including one on a rebound, after which he said: "It just popped right out to me. It was a long time coming for goals for me. I got lucky tonight and hopefully they keep going in." In March, Horton began playing in penalty kill situations for the first time in his career. Also against the Lightning, Horton scored the Panthers' only goal with his 27th goal of the season. Horton completed the season playing 71 games, scoring 28 goals and adding 19 assists.

Paragraph 6: The issue begins in a dream of Spaceboy's illustrating "a perfect life" by being married to The Rumor and having chimpanzee children. Spaceboy is bewildered when there is a sudden flash. Seconds later, his surroundings and "perfect life" are burnt to ash. The Monocle appears and asks if Spaceboy really thought it would "all turn out all right". Spaceboy wakes up and the story proceeds to Hazel and Cha-Cha's hideaway where Agnes has taken off the shoes (out of respect) of The Séance (leaving him open to use his powers). Hazel and Cha-Cha enter the room where Seance (presumed dead by the duo), a useless Spaceboy, and Agnes are held and reveal to have with them the nuclear explosive codes which Kennedy had given to Hargreeves 17 years ago. The duo activates the codes, only to discover that it has a timer. Seconds later, Cha-Cha pulls out a gun and blasts Hazel's brains out before pulling the trigger on himself. It's revealed that Séance (with God's help) has returned from the dead and that he had possessed Cha-Cha and at the same time disarmed the codes. Meanwhile, at the Perseus Building, the spoiled son of corporate millionaire (Mr. Perseus) is arguing with the board of his corporation on what to do with the fortune that has recently come into his possession. To one of the board member's dismay, he proposes that they invest the money on some experiments and that anyone who tries to get in his way will be killed. The story proceeds to the Corrections Department of The Office At The End Of Time, where Carmichael is discussing tactics to the Temps Aeternalis on how they're to finish the job of assassinating John F. Kennedy which the older Number Five had failed to do. Carmichael reveals the younger Number Five in the front of the room to which Number Five responds not to bother and that the only reason they aren't dead already is that he has decided to help. Later that night, Seance, Spaceboy, and Kraken meet back at the Umbrella Academy where Séance appears to be digging up Pogo's grave. It's revealed that Pogo wasn't buried under his memorial, but rather a Temps Aeternalis agent who tells them (through Séance) that Number Five is planning to go back to 1963, Dallas, to assassinate JFK, which angers Kraken. Séance, Kraken, and Spaceboy use the dead agent's time machine to go back in time. Meanwhile, back in Hazel and Cha-Cha's Hideaway, Body (Inspector Lupo's chimpanzee partner) and a handful of officers are tending to Agnes. Body then hears a beeping sound; Agnes tells him it is the nuclear detonator, ending Chapter Four (and the world).

Paragraph 7:  is the main protagonist of the series, appearing in some role in every Touhou game to date, and is almost always available as a playable character. She is seen on the cover art of all of the PC-98 games, and is on the title screen for most of the Windows games. Despite the fact she's never done any training of any sort, she is fairly strong. Because of this, she does not believe at all that hard work pays off, and hates putting in large amounts of effort. Since her freedom is to the level of the impossible, she has a negative disposition. As she has a simple and straightforward personality, her human emotions are wild, and she often has hasty conversations. She has a strange atmosphere that attracts others regardless of whether they are human or yōkai.『永夜抄』付属のマニュアル Since her job is yōkai extermination, she takes a stern pose against yōkai, but she herself does not have a particular interest in humans or yōkai, and depending on the circumstances, is willing to help, or attack either. In Silent Sinner in Blue, she looked after the fainted yōkai rabbit, and in Curiosities of Lotus Asia, made a surprise attack on a harmless yōkai who was reading her book, and stole it. Since she likes yōkai extermination itself, when incidents do not occur for a long time, she grows irritated due to boredom. This is a personality that strong yōkai especially like, but since she exterminates yōkai, sometimes without prior conversation or warning, she is feared by the weaker yōkai. It is a carefree personality, but on the opposite side of her impartial nature, she does not see anyone as a companion, and even when she acts together with other humans or yōkai, she is always alone. As she is ruthless in her job, especially in the middle of yōkai extermination, she exterminates the yōkai and fairies she comes across without mercy. She is also similar to Alice Margatroid as she chooses not to show her true power due to the fact there would be nothing being left afterwards if she lost a battle with her full power. She is fairly tall.

Paragraph 8: Dealignment—the rise in the number of independent voters—has an extremely deleterious effect on democracy, these scholars claim. Dealignment leads to the rise of candidate-centered elections in which parties and ideologies play little part. Without parties, candidates rely ever-more heavily on mass media for communication, political action committees (PACs) for funds, special interest groups for staff, and political consultants for expertise. The increasing reliance on mass communication leads to a withering of political discourse as the sound bite and an emphasis on the horse-race aspect of politics becomes the norm. This limits the amount and kind of information the public receives, leading to less choice for voters. When voters can stay at home and watch television rather than participate in civic life, the public no longer perceives the need to become involved in democracy—and so the civic life of the democracy withers. As PACs and interest groups become more important, the number of people speaking to the public, providing political information and different political choices and views, declines. Additionally, PAC and interest group spokespeople may not be representative of the public or the groups they claim to speak for, creating disenfranchisement of various (often minority) groups. As independent voting and ticket-splitting rise, parties seek to insulate themselves from the whipsaw effect of elections. The power of incumbency becomes increasingly important, and accessibility by the public declines. Parties seek increasingly moderate positions in order to stay electorally viable, further limiting political choice ("both parties look and sound the same"). As the parties distance themselves from the average voter and seem to offer limited policy options, dealignment worsens. As ideology plays less and less a part in elections, it becomes more and more difficult for parties to forge coalitions of like-minded officeholders. Governmental deadlock becomes common, further encouraging independent voting as citizens perceive "their" party to be ineffective. As ticket-splitting rises, divided government becomes the norm, making it even more difficult for office-holders to enact and implement policies. Politics becomes increasingly volatile, with first one party and then another governing. Although parties once held politicians accountable for their actions, their increasing irrelevance in politics leads to a decline in accountability (and thus even less responsiveness and less democracy). The "Imperial Presidency" becomes more important, since single officeholders with great power become the only politicians capable of governing.

Paragraph 9: In Issue 33 of Phoenix, G. Barnard carefully examined the historicity of this game and found it was inaccurate in several areas, including actual units and equipment involved in combat, geographical errors – for example, 9 of 11 British/Canadian landing beaches were incorrectly named – rules that don't accurately represent possible actions, and strategic errors. Despite this litany of mistakes, Barnard concluded, "It is worth playing and, even more so, it is worth studying [...] The game is, I feel, a valuable contribution to the advance of game design, even if just because it sets out to be, or at least seem, historically serious."

Paragraph 10: Dealignment—the rise in the number of independent voters—has an extremely deleterious effect on democracy, these scholars claim. Dealignment leads to the rise of candidate-centered elections in which parties and ideologies play little part. Without parties, candidates rely ever-more heavily on mass media for communication, political action committees (PACs) for funds, special interest groups for staff, and political consultants for expertise. The increasing reliance on mass communication leads to a withering of political discourse as the sound bite and an emphasis on the horse-race aspect of politics becomes the norm. This limits the amount and kind of information the public receives, leading to less choice for voters. When voters can stay at home and watch television rather than participate in civic life, the public no longer perceives the need to become involved in democracy—and so the civic life of the democracy withers. As PACs and interest groups become more important, the number of people speaking to the public, providing political information and different political choices and views, declines. Additionally, PAC and interest group spokespeople may not be representative of the public or the groups they claim to speak for, creating disenfranchisement of various (often minority) groups. As independent voting and ticket-splitting rise, parties seek to insulate themselves from the whipsaw effect of elections. The power of incumbency becomes increasingly important, and accessibility by the public declines. Parties seek increasingly moderate positions in order to stay electorally viable, further limiting political choice ("both parties look and sound the same"). As the parties distance themselves from the average voter and seem to offer limited policy options, dealignment worsens. As ideology plays less and less a part in elections, it becomes more and more difficult for parties to forge coalitions of like-minded officeholders. Governmental deadlock becomes common, further encouraging independent voting as citizens perceive "their" party to be ineffective. As ticket-splitting rises, divided government becomes the norm, making it even more difficult for office-holders to enact and implement policies. Politics becomes increasingly volatile, with first one party and then another governing. Although parties once held politicians accountable for their actions, their increasing irrelevance in politics leads to a decline in accountability (and thus even less responsiveness and less democracy). The "Imperial Presidency" becomes more important, since single officeholders with great power become the only politicians capable of governing.

Paragraph 11: Trapped in close confinement with Arthur, Will begins to resent him. Their boredom and tension occasionally erupts in bouts of sex. Will goes to a cinema that shows gay pornography and has anonymous sex. On the train home, Will reads Valmouth, a novel by Ronald Firbank, given to him by his best friend, James. James is a hard-working doctor who is insecure and sexually frustrated as a gay man. The novel by Firbank echoes themes central to The Swimming-Pool Library; secrets and discretion; extreme old age, colonialism, race and camp; the sense of deeper truths residing behind a thin façade of artifice.

Paragraph 12: The issue begins in a dream of Spaceboy's illustrating "a perfect life" by being married to The Rumor and having chimpanzee children. Spaceboy is bewildered when there is a sudden flash. Seconds later, his surroundings and "perfect life" are burnt to ash. The Monocle appears and asks if Spaceboy really thought it would "all turn out all right". Spaceboy wakes up and the story proceeds to Hazel and Cha-Cha's hideaway where Agnes has taken off the shoes (out of respect) of The Séance (leaving him open to use his powers). Hazel and Cha-Cha enter the room where Seance (presumed dead by the duo), a useless Spaceboy, and Agnes are held and reveal to have with them the nuclear explosive codes which Kennedy had given to Hargreeves 17 years ago. The duo activates the codes, only to discover that it has a timer. Seconds later, Cha-Cha pulls out a gun and blasts Hazel's brains out before pulling the trigger on himself. It's revealed that Séance (with God's help) has returned from the dead and that he had possessed Cha-Cha and at the same time disarmed the codes. Meanwhile, at the Perseus Building, the spoiled son of corporate millionaire (Mr. Perseus) is arguing with the board of his corporation on what to do with the fortune that has recently come into his possession. To one of the board member's dismay, he proposes that they invest the money on some experiments and that anyone who tries to get in his way will be killed. The story proceeds to the Corrections Department of The Office At The End Of Time, where Carmichael is discussing tactics to the Temps Aeternalis on how they're to finish the job of assassinating John F. Kennedy which the older Number Five had failed to do. Carmichael reveals the younger Number Five in the front of the room to which Number Five responds not to bother and that the only reason they aren't dead already is that he has decided to help. Later that night, Seance, Spaceboy, and Kraken meet back at the Umbrella Academy where Séance appears to be digging up Pogo's grave. It's revealed that Pogo wasn't buried under his memorial, but rather a Temps Aeternalis agent who tells them (through Séance) that Number Five is planning to go back to 1963, Dallas, to assassinate JFK, which angers Kraken. Séance, Kraken, and Spaceboy use the dead agent's time machine to go back in time. Meanwhile, back in Hazel and Cha-Cha's Hideaway, Body (Inspector Lupo's chimpanzee partner) and a handful of officers are tending to Agnes. Body then hears a beeping sound; Agnes tells him it is the nuclear detonator, ending Chapter Four (and the world).

Paragraph 13: The issue begins in a dream of Spaceboy's illustrating "a perfect life" by being married to The Rumor and having chimpanzee children. Spaceboy is bewildered when there is a sudden flash. Seconds later, his surroundings and "perfect life" are burnt to ash. The Monocle appears and asks if Spaceboy really thought it would "all turn out all right". Spaceboy wakes up and the story proceeds to Hazel and Cha-Cha's hideaway where Agnes has taken off the shoes (out of respect) of The Séance (leaving him open to use his powers). Hazel and Cha-Cha enter the room where Seance (presumed dead by the duo), a useless Spaceboy, and Agnes are held and reveal to have with them the nuclear explosive codes which Kennedy had given to Hargreeves 17 years ago. The duo activates the codes, only to discover that it has a timer. Seconds later, Cha-Cha pulls out a gun and blasts Hazel's brains out before pulling the trigger on himself. It's revealed that Séance (with God's help) has returned from the dead and that he had possessed Cha-Cha and at the same time disarmed the codes. Meanwhile, at the Perseus Building, the spoiled son of corporate millionaire (Mr. Perseus) is arguing with the board of his corporation on what to do with the fortune that has recently come into his possession. To one of the board member's dismay, he proposes that they invest the money on some experiments and that anyone who tries to get in his way will be killed. The story proceeds to the Corrections Department of The Office At The End Of Time, where Carmichael is discussing tactics to the Temps Aeternalis on how they're to finish the job of assassinating John F. Kennedy which the older Number Five had failed to do. Carmichael reveals the younger Number Five in the front of the room to which Number Five responds not to bother and that the only reason they aren't dead already is that he has decided to help. Later that night, Seance, Spaceboy, and Kraken meet back at the Umbrella Academy where Séance appears to be digging up Pogo's grave. It's revealed that Pogo wasn't buried under his memorial, but rather a Temps Aeternalis agent who tells them (through Séance) that Number Five is planning to go back to 1963, Dallas, to assassinate JFK, which angers Kraken. Séance, Kraken, and Spaceboy use the dead agent's time machine to go back in time. Meanwhile, back in Hazel and Cha-Cha's Hideaway, Body (Inspector Lupo's chimpanzee partner) and a handful of officers are tending to Agnes. Body then hears a beeping sound; Agnes tells him it is the nuclear detonator, ending Chapter Four (and the world).

Paragraph 14: Following the pledging of Lawton and Stoke Lacy by Devereux's father, Wiliam Devereux the Elder, for the ransom of Adam le Despencer, the Mortimer family had contested their restoration even following the payment of the redemption in 1275, and demanded another 500 marks. In 1278 Walter de Heliun and Walter de Hopton (sheriff of Staffordshire) were assigned to inquire into the dispute over Stoke Lacy, and in September of this year Devereux was ordered to yield Stanley, and Mortimer to yield Stoke Lacy. This did not occur, and the ongoing dispute led William Devereux to continue to withhold the manor of Stanley from Adam le Despencer. On 18 February 1278 the inquiry post-mortem of Henry de Penebrigg (Penebrug) showed that he held the rent of Cattelee worth 4L 16s 8d by the grant of William Devereux. On 29 September 1280 William Devereux sued Elizabeth, the widow of Henry de Penbrugge (Penebrug), over a messuage, mill, and three carucates of land, etc.; and £13 8s of rent in Stoke Lacy.  Devereux claimed that Elizabeth had no entry except by a demise made by his father to Roger de Mortimer in time of war for the redemption of Adam le Despencer, and which should have reverted to him according to the provisions of Dictum of Kenilworth. Elizabeth claimed she did not hold the whole of the manor, and the suit was dismissed. The first stage of the litigation against Mortimer was withdrawn after William used a defective writ in Easter term 1284. The case was revived by an amended writ and pleaded again in Michaelmas term 1285. The case was revived a second time against Roger de Mortimer, Baron of Chirk who then vouched Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer in Michaelmas term 1290 and again at Hilary term 1291. In 1291 William Devereux filed a complaint with Parliament regarding the delay in the hearing of his plea by the Justices. They indicated that he had filed the plea incorrectly when it was described that Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Mortimer, and his father were on the same side during the conflict (Second Barons' War), but the King's court indicated the parties were on opposing sides. Although, in fact they were on the same side at that point in the conflict, the justices were told to proceed as if they were on opposing sides. In 1292 William's stepmother, the widow Maud (Giffard) Devereux, brought a writ of dower against Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer, and Mortimer vouched to warranty William Devereux by the deed of William's ancestor. Devereux countered that he could not be bound by that deed as it was made in a time of war, between two battles, and was voided by the Dictum of Kenilworth. The Justices argued over whether the deed was valid if the King was imprisoned at the time, but ruled this was not a factor. The Justices then questioned whether the phrase "time of war" was to be understood only of opposing parties, as William Devereux's father and Edmund Mortimer's father were both on the same side at that time. Therefore, it was not a ‘time of war’ for them. It was determined that other writs specified time only "in time of war," but did not make any mention of opposite sides or of those who are on one side. Therefore, the phrase was judged to be understood in a general sense, applying as well to one side as to both sides, and they established that the charter was made in time of war and the Dictum of Kenilworth applied. Judgment was for William Devereux and his stepmother, and he regained Stoke Lacy and yielded Stanley.

Paragraph 15: In a low-scoring thriller at The County Ground, Derby, Dominic Cork had the pleasure of beating his old county, though it became a tougher task than expected, considering that Derbyshire had not won a Championship match since 2004. Winning the toss and batting, Derbyshire had a good opening partnership between Australian Michael Di Venuto and Ben France, but Greg Chapple put the pressure on with some patient, economical bowling and reaped the rewards with three wickets for 29. However, it was Cork who got the most wickets, after taking the last three of the innings to finish with four for 40 and send Derbyshire off for 191. Lancashire lost two quick wickets in reply, and were in trouble when Warren Hegg departed at 128 for 6, but a fine innings worth 64 from Cork down the order – along with 24 from Muttiah Muralitharan – sent Lancashire into a 50-run lead. Muralitharan was in contention for Man of the Match, bowling 27 overs in succession and taking six for 50 as Derbyshire collapsed to 185, setting a target of 136 to win. Lancashire thought that would be a walk in the park, especially as Iain Sutcliffe and Mal Loye paired up for 53 for the second wicket, but they then lost seven men for sub-12 scores and were in trouble at 131 for 9. Only Sutcliffe kept his head calm, carrying his bat to 62 not out, and he and Muralitharan managed to add the required five runs.

Paragraph 16: Following the pledging of Lawton and Stoke Lacy by Devereux's father, Wiliam Devereux the Elder, for the ransom of Adam le Despencer, the Mortimer family had contested their restoration even following the payment of the redemption in 1275, and demanded another 500 marks. In 1278 Walter de Heliun and Walter de Hopton (sheriff of Staffordshire) were assigned to inquire into the dispute over Stoke Lacy, and in September of this year Devereux was ordered to yield Stanley, and Mortimer to yield Stoke Lacy. This did not occur, and the ongoing dispute led William Devereux to continue to withhold the manor of Stanley from Adam le Despencer. On 18 February 1278 the inquiry post-mortem of Henry de Penebrigg (Penebrug) showed that he held the rent of Cattelee worth 4L 16s 8d by the grant of William Devereux. On 29 September 1280 William Devereux sued Elizabeth, the widow of Henry de Penbrugge (Penebrug), over a messuage, mill, and three carucates of land, etc.; and £13 8s of rent in Stoke Lacy.  Devereux claimed that Elizabeth had no entry except by a demise made by his father to Roger de Mortimer in time of war for the redemption of Adam le Despencer, and which should have reverted to him according to the provisions of Dictum of Kenilworth. Elizabeth claimed she did not hold the whole of the manor, and the suit was dismissed. The first stage of the litigation against Mortimer was withdrawn after William used a defective writ in Easter term 1284. The case was revived by an amended writ and pleaded again in Michaelmas term 1285. The case was revived a second time against Roger de Mortimer, Baron of Chirk who then vouched Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer in Michaelmas term 1290 and again at Hilary term 1291. In 1291 William Devereux filed a complaint with Parliament regarding the delay in the hearing of his plea by the Justices. They indicated that he had filed the plea incorrectly when it was described that Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Mortimer, and his father were on the same side during the conflict (Second Barons' War), but the King's court indicated the parties were on opposing sides. Although, in fact they were on the same side at that point in the conflict, the justices were told to proceed as if they were on opposing sides. In 1292 William's stepmother, the widow Maud (Giffard) Devereux, brought a writ of dower against Edmund Mortimer, 2nd Baron Mortimer, and Mortimer vouched to warranty William Devereux by the deed of William's ancestor. Devereux countered that he could not be bound by that deed as it was made in a time of war, between two battles, and was voided by the Dictum of Kenilworth. The Justices argued over whether the deed was valid if the King was imprisoned at the time, but ruled this was not a factor. The Justices then questioned whether the phrase "time of war" was to be understood only of opposing parties, as William Devereux's father and Edmund Mortimer's father were both on the same side at that time. Therefore, it was not a ‘time of war’ for them. It was determined that other writs specified time only "in time of war," but did not make any mention of opposite sides or of those who are on one side. Therefore, the phrase was judged to be understood in a general sense, applying as well to one side as to both sides, and they established that the charter was made in time of war and the Dictum of Kenilworth applied. Judgment was for William Devereux and his stepmother, and he regained Stoke Lacy and yielded Stanley.

Paragraph 17: Trapped in close confinement with Arthur, Will begins to resent him. Their boredom and tension occasionally erupts in bouts of sex. Will goes to a cinema that shows gay pornography and has anonymous sex. On the train home, Will reads Valmouth, a novel by Ronald Firbank, given to him by his best friend, James. James is a hard-working doctor who is insecure and sexually frustrated as a gay man. The novel by Firbank echoes themes central to The Swimming-Pool Library; secrets and discretion; extreme old age, colonialism, race and camp; the sense of deeper truths residing behind a thin façade of artifice.

Paragraph 18: The Wiscasset car shop completed a number of rebuilding projects starting with the conversion of six of the original flatcars to boxcars during the first year of railroad operations.  The shop then rebuilt one end of smoking car #4 into a baggage compartment. After the smoking car burst into flame in 1904, its trucks were used under the caboose.  The caboose was renumbered from 26 to 301 after its cupola was removed.  Excursion car #7 was converted to a replacement combination RPO-smoking car in 1906.  The  gondolas were rebuilt as flatcars when the  gondolas were delivered, and the  gondolas were rebuilt as simple flatcars within a year. Box cars #65, 72 and 73 were rebuilt with hinged doors, insulated walls, and 2 windows for use as cream cars carrying an attendant to load and record milk cans.  As the  boxcars needed repair, they were rebuilt to the full height of the  boxcars and renumbered in the 300 series with special-purpose modifications. Cars #302-304 had end doors and six windows on each side for use as express cars in passenger train service.  Many later cars of the 300 series contained stoves to keep potatoes from freezing during winter shipment.  Ten of the  flatcars were rebuilt in 1910 as heated insulated boxcars #501–510 for potato loading.  Boxcars #509 was rebuilt with hinged doors for cream car service after car #73 was destroyed in 1913. Flatcar #10 was rebuilt in 1913 with a derrick for placing riprap.  The remaining three  flatcars were rebuilt in 1916 into express cars #80–82 with end doors and 6-foot-wide side doors. Combination #6 was converted to an express car by removing interior features and placing protective bars across the windows.

Paragraph 19: Dealignment—the rise in the number of independent voters—has an extremely deleterious effect on democracy, these scholars claim. Dealignment leads to the rise of candidate-centered elections in which parties and ideologies play little part. Without parties, candidates rely ever-more heavily on mass media for communication, political action committees (PACs) for funds, special interest groups for staff, and political consultants for expertise. The increasing reliance on mass communication leads to a withering of political discourse as the sound bite and an emphasis on the horse-race aspect of politics becomes the norm. This limits the amount and kind of information the public receives, leading to less choice for voters. When voters can stay at home and watch television rather than participate in civic life, the public no longer perceives the need to become involved in democracy—and so the civic life of the democracy withers. As PACs and interest groups become more important, the number of people speaking to the public, providing political information and different political choices and views, declines. Additionally, PAC and interest group spokespeople may not be representative of the public or the groups they claim to speak for, creating disenfranchisement of various (often minority) groups. As independent voting and ticket-splitting rise, parties seek to insulate themselves from the whipsaw effect of elections. The power of incumbency becomes increasingly important, and accessibility by the public declines. Parties seek increasingly moderate positions in order to stay electorally viable, further limiting political choice ("both parties look and sound the same"). As the parties distance themselves from the average voter and seem to offer limited policy options, dealignment worsens. As ideology plays less and less a part in elections, it becomes more and more difficult for parties to forge coalitions of like-minded officeholders. Governmental deadlock becomes common, further encouraging independent voting as citizens perceive "their" party to be ineffective. As ticket-splitting rises, divided government becomes the norm, making it even more difficult for office-holders to enact and implement policies. Politics becomes increasingly volatile, with first one party and then another governing. Although parties once held politicians accountable for their actions, their increasing irrelevance in politics leads to a decline in accountability (and thus even less responsiveness and less democracy). The "Imperial Presidency" becomes more important, since single officeholders with great power become the only politicians capable of governing.