Paragraph 1: The three quotations by Epiphanius in Panarion 30.13.6, 4, and 7, respectively, form the opening of the gospel narrative, including the mission of John the Baptist, his appearance and diet, and the baptism of Jesus by John.  The beginning of the gospel (13.6) has parallels to the Gospel of Luke but in abbreviated form. The text shows a familiarity with the infancy narrative of Luke 1:5 despite lacking a birth narrative of its own. Quoting from the text regarding the diet of John (13.4), Epiphanius complains that the Ebionites have falsified the text by substituting the word "cake" (egkris ἐγκρίς) for "locust" (akris ἀκρίς, in Matthew 3:4). The similarity of the wording in Greek has led scholars to conclude that Greek was the original language of composition.  In the narrative of the baptism of Jesus by John (13.7), the voice of God speaks three times in close parallels to the Gospel of Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22 (Western text-type), and Matthew 3:17, respectively. The presence of multiple baptismal theophanies has led to a consensus among modern scholars that the text quoted by Epiphanius is a gospel harmony of the Synoptic Gospels. The appearance of a great light on the water may be an echo of St. Paul's conversion or an additional harmonization of the Gospel of the Hebrews to this work.

Paragraph 2: One of the Fathers of the Church, John Chrysostom, in elaborating on the words of Paul of Tarsus states that "because man is prone to strong lustful feelings, and because all men are not strong enough to be celibate, the Church allows the temporary union of marriage as an alternative to sin". This is a commentary on 1 Corinthians 7, which states "To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is well for them to remain unmarried as I am. But if they are not practicing self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to be aflame with passion."

Paragraph 3: After going to bed, Lisa and Kathy are awoken by the gang dragging them out of bed and down stairs where they are also holding Orville and Lisa's mother hostage. They terrorize the family with threats of rape, torture, and murder if they do not show them where the hidden valuables are. Orville states that there are no valuables and in frustration they beat him to death with a log. Scratch then tells two other gang members to take Lisa's mother and have her show them where the valuables are. A set of eyes are shown watching the gang torment the family through a glass covered slot in the wall. While continuing to taunt Lisa and Kathy, the girls are able to get away briefly. Kathy comes across Lisa's mother who is dead by having her throat slit. Kathy is about to be raped when a female gang member stabs her to death instead. Lisa is caught and taken back to the living room and informed that her mother and friend are both dead and that she should tell them where the valuables are but she insists that there are none. In an act of desperation, Lisa jumps through a second story window and runs into the snow covered wilderness with a gang member in close pursuit. The rest of the gang decides to split up and ransack the house to find the valuables themselves and come across a hidden room decorated like a nursery. A hideously deformed man who had been locked in the room kills two gang members by crushing one in a bear hug and another by snapping her neck. The deformed man then cries at the body of Orville while sobbing, "Papa". The rest of the gang arrives and flees at the sight of the deformed man by running into the woods. The gang decides to split up into two groups of two so that there is less of a chance of them being caught by the deformed man. Two of the gang make their way to a mine shaft and build a fire to stay warm but are soon discovered by the deformed man who kills both with his bare hands. Scratch and his accomplice Shelley decide that they should fight the deformed man while trying to escape without the rest of the gang. Meanwhile, sunrise has come and Lisa is still being pursued through the wilderness by a gang member who is able to ambush her and strangle her. The deformed man arrives and kills the gang member but Lisa is unresponsive. A friend of the family arrives at the house, discovers the bodies and alerts the authorities. The police arrive and shortly after so does uncle Rod. The police question whether there were any enemies of Orville and if Lisa is a likely suspect. Acting under the assumption that whoever committed the murders couldn't have gone far since the van is still at the bottom of the hill and would most likely attempt to escape into the woods, the police form a posse to track down the perpetrators. The posse splits up to cover more ground and Lisa is discovered barely alive but unconscious. Meanwhile, the deformed man has come across Scratch and Shelley and attempts to kill them but is shot several times by Scratch. He is thought dead but when they move closer to inspect him, he attacks again. The posse arrives and seeing the deformed man attacking two people are about to shoot when Rod yells for them not to. They shoot the deformed man in the head and the two gang members are taken into custody.

Paragraph 4: Practical Pig is hard at work building a new anti-wolf contraption, this time a lie detector. His two brothers, Fiddler and Fifer Pig decide to go swimming, despite Practical's warning about the Big Bad Wolf lurking by the pond. The Big Bad Wolf disguises as a mermaid to lure Fiddler and Fifer and captures them and bringing them to an old windmill where his sons the Three Little Wolves are waiting for their dinner, but tells them they must not eat until he captures Practical. The Wolf plans to entrap Practical as well using a fake letter requesting help by his brothers. While the wolf is off to capture Practical, the Three Little Wolves start early to put the two pigs into a pan and prepare to bake them into a pie. The Wolf, disguised as a messenger boy, blows his cover when he blows the fake letter under Practical's door. Realizing the wolf is up to his tricks and his brothers have been captured, Practical tries out his new invention. As the wolf attempts to lure Practical, the welcome mat opens under the wolf's feet, and the wolf falls into the pit below. He is next seen strapped in a chair in the basement, captured, as Practical demands to know his brothers' whereabouts. The wolf first he claims he has never heard of Practical's brothers and secondly he claims he hasn't seen them, but the lie detector detects his lies and punishes the wolf with brushes to wash his mouth out with soap and spank him in each case. The wolf then lastly tries to fool the machine by claiming that he and Practical are pals, but the lie detector sees through this and gives him the works (a spanking and a mouth washing, along with his knuckles being whacked with rulers, all at once).

Paragraph 5: The three quotations by Epiphanius in Panarion 30.13.6, 4, and 7, respectively, form the opening of the gospel narrative, including the mission of John the Baptist, his appearance and diet, and the baptism of Jesus by John.  The beginning of the gospel (13.6) has parallels to the Gospel of Luke but in abbreviated form. The text shows a familiarity with the infancy narrative of Luke 1:5 despite lacking a birth narrative of its own. Quoting from the text regarding the diet of John (13.4), Epiphanius complains that the Ebionites have falsified the text by substituting the word "cake" (egkris ἐγκρίς) for "locust" (akris ἀκρίς, in Matthew 3:4). The similarity of the wording in Greek has led scholars to conclude that Greek was the original language of composition.  In the narrative of the baptism of Jesus by John (13.7), the voice of God speaks three times in close parallels to the Gospel of Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22 (Western text-type), and Matthew 3:17, respectively. The presence of multiple baptismal theophanies has led to a consensus among modern scholars that the text quoted by Epiphanius is a gospel harmony of the Synoptic Gospels. The appearance of a great light on the water may be an echo of St. Paul's conversion or an additional harmonization of the Gospel of the Hebrews to this work.

Paragraph 6: Practical Pig is hard at work building a new anti-wolf contraption, this time a lie detector. His two brothers, Fiddler and Fifer Pig decide to go swimming, despite Practical's warning about the Big Bad Wolf lurking by the pond. The Big Bad Wolf disguises as a mermaid to lure Fiddler and Fifer and captures them and bringing them to an old windmill where his sons the Three Little Wolves are waiting for their dinner, but tells them they must not eat until he captures Practical. The Wolf plans to entrap Practical as well using a fake letter requesting help by his brothers. While the wolf is off to capture Practical, the Three Little Wolves start early to put the two pigs into a pan and prepare to bake them into a pie. The Wolf, disguised as a messenger boy, blows his cover when he blows the fake letter under Practical's door. Realizing the wolf is up to his tricks and his brothers have been captured, Practical tries out his new invention. As the wolf attempts to lure Practical, the welcome mat opens under the wolf's feet, and the wolf falls into the pit below. He is next seen strapped in a chair in the basement, captured, as Practical demands to know his brothers' whereabouts. The wolf first he claims he has never heard of Practical's brothers and secondly he claims he hasn't seen them, but the lie detector detects his lies and punishes the wolf with brushes to wash his mouth out with soap and spank him in each case. The wolf then lastly tries to fool the machine by claiming that he and Practical are pals, but the lie detector sees through this and gives him the works (a spanking and a mouth washing, along with his knuckles being whacked with rulers, all at once).

Paragraph 7: As Jadvyga later told it:"Then a delegation finally went to Berlin to visit and get his signature. Voldemaras was in that delegation, as were Father Purickis and Alšauskas. And Voldemaras came over to me and said: ‘We can’t bring back his signature with us to Lithuania. There’s a war on as well as an occupation government, but maybe you could take it? No one will bother searching you.’ I was completely unafraid… I was overjoyed to have that opportunity. ‘Alright’, I said, ‘I’ll go.’"Jadvyga was taking drops for her eyes and, before she was due to leave, she was struck blind. She phoned Voldemaras to tell him she couldn't do it. Voldemaras and Purickis rushed over and helped her get ready. They stashed the document in her boot and as Jadvyga told it:"They put two-mark notes in my right pocket and one-mark notes in my left one. And they gave me some small change. They put me in the wagon, stashed my suitcase for me and left."Jadvyga headed for Lithuania. The train stopped at the German border stop in Eitkūnai. There Jadvyga had to transfer to another train to Vilnius. But only when she arrived at the station did she find out the train was late. The border police, realizing that they had a lot of time, started a thorough search of her luggage. As Jadvyga recalled:"The woman who searched me gazed and gazed at my shoes. She undid my braids. She looked everywhere. She stripped me down almost naked. But she never checked inside my shoes."The border police told her that the permit she had stated that she was to cross the border at a point other than Eitkūnai. The border police were therefore obliged to send a telegram to the Berlin Commandant to change the place of departure and allow her to pass through Eitkūnai. They took her to a hotel in order that she might catch the same train the next day. She slept in her high boots all night, without taking them off. The next morning, the new permit still hadn't arrived. The police also wondered how Jadvyga, who could see almost nothing, could go to the station by herself with all her luggage. Help came from an unexpected source. As Jadvyga later told it:"I looked out the window and saw a captive Frenchman walking. I started shouting “monsieur, monsieur, over here!” He was very happy to hear the French language and ran over. I told him what was happening. He said,  “don’t worry, I will take care of everything.”As no new permit had arrived in the night, the border police told her to return to her hotel. And then Jadvyga said:"I will not return, I said. I will not be able to catch the train. I will wait here where you want me, but I will not go back to the hotel. I will wait here for an answer. If it comes, I can catch the train at the last minute."Her forthrightness had the desired effect and the border guards locked her in the office at the station until a decision was made. According to Jadvyga:"As soon as they received a telegram from Berlin, the Germans arrived with such joy, they almost carried me, carried my suitcases, carried everything, threw me on that train. The Germans “gute Reise, gute Reise” [“safe journey, safe journey”] and drove away."She returned to Lithuania and gave the Council of Lithuania the signed document.

Paragraph 8: The Austro-Hungarian Army had also recently undergone a change in command, and the new Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff, Arthur Arz von Straußenburg, wished to finish off the Italians. After Caporetto, the Austro-Hungarian offensive put many Italian cities, including Venice and Verona, under the threat of the Central Powers. Austria-Hungary's army had since then longed to achieve these strategic prizes and force Italy into an armistice. Straußenburg's army group commanders, Conrad von Hötzendorf (the former Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff) and Svetozar Boroević von Bojna, both wished to make a decisive assault against the Italians, but could not agree about the location of the attack. Conrad wanted an attack from the South Tyrolean Alps towards the Asiago Plateau and Vicenza. Boroević first favored a defensive action, but then when pressed preferred a frontal attack along the Piave River. Straußenburg himself was in favour of an attack on the western part of the front (the "Giudicarie" sector) leading to Brescia. Conrad and Boroević had a dislike for each other, and Straußenburg and the emperor, unable to decide between these two strong personalities, divided the army equally between them, reserving only a small part of the forces for a diversionary action on the Giudicarie sector. The preparation of the offensive began in February 1918, after a meeting in Bolzano between the Austro-Hungarian and German high commands. It was strongly recommended by the Germans, as Ludendorff hoped that it could force the increasing American forces in France to be diverted to the Italian front, so Straußenburg modeled the attack after Erich Ludendorff's offensive on the Western Front.

Paragraph 9: Practical Pig is hard at work building a new anti-wolf contraption, this time a lie detector. His two brothers, Fiddler and Fifer Pig decide to go swimming, despite Practical's warning about the Big Bad Wolf lurking by the pond. The Big Bad Wolf disguises as a mermaid to lure Fiddler and Fifer and captures them and bringing them to an old windmill where his sons the Three Little Wolves are waiting for their dinner, but tells them they must not eat until he captures Practical. The Wolf plans to entrap Practical as well using a fake letter requesting help by his brothers. While the wolf is off to capture Practical, the Three Little Wolves start early to put the two pigs into a pan and prepare to bake them into a pie. The Wolf, disguised as a messenger boy, blows his cover when he blows the fake letter under Practical's door. Realizing the wolf is up to his tricks and his brothers have been captured, Practical tries out his new invention. As the wolf attempts to lure Practical, the welcome mat opens under the wolf's feet, and the wolf falls into the pit below. He is next seen strapped in a chair in the basement, captured, as Practical demands to know his brothers' whereabouts. The wolf first he claims he has never heard of Practical's brothers and secondly he claims he hasn't seen them, but the lie detector detects his lies and punishes the wolf with brushes to wash his mouth out with soap and spank him in each case. The wolf then lastly tries to fool the machine by claiming that he and Practical are pals, but the lie detector sees through this and gives him the works (a spanking and a mouth washing, along with his knuckles being whacked with rulers, all at once).

Paragraph 10: Critilo, man of the world, is shipwrecked on the coast of the island of Santa Elena, where he meets Andrenio, the natural man, who has grown up completely ignorant of civilization. Together they undertake a long voyage to the Isle of Immortality, travelling the long and prickly road of life. In the first part, "En la primavera de la niñez" ("In the Spring of Childhood"), they join the royal court, where they suffer all manner of disappointments; in the second part, "En el otoño de la varonil edad" ("In the Autumn of the Age of Manliness"), they pass through Aragon, where they visit the house of Salastano (an anagram of the name of Gracián's friend Lastanosa), and travel to France, which the author calls the "wasteland of Hipocrinda", populated entirely by hypocrites and dunces, ending with a visit to a house of lunatics. In the third part, "En el invierno de la vejez" ("In the Winter of Old Age"), they arrive in Rome, where they encounter an academy where they meet the most inventive of men, arriving finally at the Isle of Immortality. He is intelligent and contributed greatly to the world. One of his most famous phrases is "Respect yourself if you would have others respect you."

Paragraph 11: The Solicitors Journal said that it would "be unreasonable to expect that Mr." Davis' "edition of these statutes, published within three months from the publication of the Acts themselves, and the production of his unassisted labour, should contain the same amount of information and practical utility as might be expected to be found in a work prepared and matured at leisure. In the edition before us the public are provided with the Acts themselves, in a convenient form, with an index; and by means of reference to the corresponding clauses of those statutes upon which the work of consolidation has proceeded, the professional man is furnished with a clue by means of which he may ascertain what the law in any analogous case was up to the passing of these Acts. The Acts are printed in the order in which they received the Royal assent, and an attempt has been made to distinguish by brackets those provisions which are introduced for the first time. It would, however, it is conceived, be unsafe for a practitioner to assume that the only alterations in the law made by these Acts are such as are made by the provisions marked as described; for in many instances, where no brackets occur, the subjoined note informs the reader that the section is nearly verbatim, or that it is framed upon one or more statutes; and, obviously under such circumstances new words must occur, the operation of which upon the construction of the clause it must be extremely difficult to foretell. These distinguishing marks, however, though they may not be placed with perfect accuracy, materially contribute to the value of the book. The book also contains a table of offences and an introduction. Of the explanatory notes, except so far as they contain references to other analogous Acts as above noticed, we cannot speak with satisfaction. No method appears to have been pursued in the manner in which the matter contained in them is introduced. Sometimes cases in illustration of the text of the section are inserted; and sometimes, though there is an equal necessity for the insertion of such illustrations, and equal facility for supplying them, the editor, either from indolence or caprice, entirely omits them. It is unreasonable, perhaps, to expect to find, in a work published as this is, a history of the multifarious laws digested by the Acts, or a complete compilation from reports and text-books, of the leading decisions with reference to analogous legislation, or a description of the evidence and procedure in relation to the offences provided against; but though full information upon these points might not have been expected, it is only reasonable to suppose that such a work as the present will systematically point out those channels wherein such information may be readily obtained. To have furnished references to such sources of information would have been an easy task, and would have added greatly to the practical utility of the book. It is a task, however, which Mr. Davis has not undertaken. With the exception, therefore, of the words on the title-page, "with notes critical and explanatory," the book neither contains any express promise that the task undertaken by its editor shall be performed in any particular manner, nor statement that it has been prepared for any definite purpose and no one who may be disappointed by its contents can complain that more has been promised by its editor than has been performed."

Paragraph 12: Goodwin House is a prominent heritage building in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  Located at 312 Laurier Avenue East it was built by railway executive George Goodwin from 1899 to 1900.  It is one of the largest mansions ever built in the city.  It later became a convent for the Grey Nuns, and during the Second World War was used as the headquarters of the Canadian Women's Army Corps.  In 1978 it was bought and restored by St. John Ambulance, which used it as its national headquarters.  Recently it was sold to Amnesty International which today uses it as its Canadian headquarters.

Paragraph 13: Tahmineh brought up her son with great dedication and taught him all the skills of warfare and he became very strong. She also told him about his father Rostam and his forefathers and their valiant achievements as warriors in Iran. She also gave him the gifts that his father had sent him. She advised him to be wary of Afrasiyab of Turan who was father's foe. After knowing his ancestry and about his brave father, Sohrab decided to invade Iran. He also promised his mother that she would be the queen of Iran. As he rode on a horse which was the foal of Rakshak, his father's horse, he thought the tidings were good. However, as he moved to wage war against Iran he encountered his father on the battlefield. His father had been kept totally unaware of his son's identity by Afrasiyab who wanted father and son to fight each other. Before Sohrab led his army against Iran,  Afrasiyab had beguiled him to join him in the war, with gifts with messages praising Sohrab for his intent to invade Iran and told him how that "if Iran be subdued the world would henceforth know peace, for upon his own head would he place the crown of the Kaianides; and Turan, Iran, and Samengan should be as one land." There was deceit and false information given about Rostam. Both were unaware of each other's identity and relationship when they faced each other on the battlefield. In the fierce battle that took place between father and son Sohrab was mortally wounded. When Sohrab was wounded he announced his identity to Rostam and on hearing this Rostam was overtaken by intense grief and threw away his sword. Sohrab also was grief-stricken upon knowing that it was his father whom he had faced in the war and who had wounded him mortally. He then showed his onyx symbol that was tied to his armour. Rostam realized that it was the onyx which he had given to his wife and that he had really slain his own son. Kaykavous, the king of Iran, delayed giving Rostam the healing potion (Noush Daru) to save Sohrab as he feared losing his power to the alliance of the father and the son.

Paragraph 14: Before the Spanish Civil War began, he moved to Paris, and then to Southern France. It was here that he changed his German first name "Hans" to the French "Jean." He lived in Paris for a while but saw the unavoidability of a German invasion. He fled to Switzerland in 1939, escaping only hours before the border was closed. He spent the rest of his life near Bern, where he did most of his writing. Even late in life, Gebser travelled widely in India, the Far East, and the Americas, and wrote half a dozen more books. He was also a published poet.

Paragraph 15: Practical Pig is hard at work building a new anti-wolf contraption, this time a lie detector. His two brothers, Fiddler and Fifer Pig decide to go swimming, despite Practical's warning about the Big Bad Wolf lurking by the pond. The Big Bad Wolf disguises as a mermaid to lure Fiddler and Fifer and captures them and bringing them to an old windmill where his sons the Three Little Wolves are waiting for their dinner, but tells them they must not eat until he captures Practical. The Wolf plans to entrap Practical as well using a fake letter requesting help by his brothers. While the wolf is off to capture Practical, the Three Little Wolves start early to put the two pigs into a pan and prepare to bake them into a pie. The Wolf, disguised as a messenger boy, blows his cover when he blows the fake letter under Practical's door. Realizing the wolf is up to his tricks and his brothers have been captured, Practical tries out his new invention. As the wolf attempts to lure Practical, the welcome mat opens under the wolf's feet, and the wolf falls into the pit below. He is next seen strapped in a chair in the basement, captured, as Practical demands to know his brothers' whereabouts. The wolf first he claims he has never heard of Practical's brothers and secondly he claims he hasn't seen them, but the lie detector detects his lies and punishes the wolf with brushes to wash his mouth out with soap and spank him in each case. The wolf then lastly tries to fool the machine by claiming that he and Practical are pals, but the lie detector sees through this and gives him the works (a spanking and a mouth washing, along with his knuckles being whacked with rulers, all at once).

Paragraph 16: Critilo, man of the world, is shipwrecked on the coast of the island of Santa Elena, where he meets Andrenio, the natural man, who has grown up completely ignorant of civilization. Together they undertake a long voyage to the Isle of Immortality, travelling the long and prickly road of life. In the first part, "En la primavera de la niñez" ("In the Spring of Childhood"), they join the royal court, where they suffer all manner of disappointments; in the second part, "En el otoño de la varonil edad" ("In the Autumn of the Age of Manliness"), they pass through Aragon, where they visit the house of Salastano (an anagram of the name of Gracián's friend Lastanosa), and travel to France, which the author calls the "wasteland of Hipocrinda", populated entirely by hypocrites and dunces, ending with a visit to a house of lunatics. In the third part, "En el invierno de la vejez" ("In the Winter of Old Age"), they arrive in Rome, where they encounter an academy where they meet the most inventive of men, arriving finally at the Isle of Immortality. He is intelligent and contributed greatly to the world. One of his most famous phrases is "Respect yourself if you would have others respect you."

Paragraph 17: After going to bed, Lisa and Kathy are awoken by the gang dragging them out of bed and down stairs where they are also holding Orville and Lisa's mother hostage. They terrorize the family with threats of rape, torture, and murder if they do not show them where the hidden valuables are. Orville states that there are no valuables and in frustration they beat him to death with a log. Scratch then tells two other gang members to take Lisa's mother and have her show them where the valuables are. A set of eyes are shown watching the gang torment the family through a glass covered slot in the wall. While continuing to taunt Lisa and Kathy, the girls are able to get away briefly. Kathy comes across Lisa's mother who is dead by having her throat slit. Kathy is about to be raped when a female gang member stabs her to death instead. Lisa is caught and taken back to the living room and informed that her mother and friend are both dead and that she should tell them where the valuables are but she insists that there are none. In an act of desperation, Lisa jumps through a second story window and runs into the snow covered wilderness with a gang member in close pursuit. The rest of the gang decides to split up and ransack the house to find the valuables themselves and come across a hidden room decorated like a nursery. A hideously deformed man who had been locked in the room kills two gang members by crushing one in a bear hug and another by snapping her neck. The deformed man then cries at the body of Orville while sobbing, "Papa". The rest of the gang arrives and flees at the sight of the deformed man by running into the woods. The gang decides to split up into two groups of two so that there is less of a chance of them being caught by the deformed man. Two of the gang make their way to a mine shaft and build a fire to stay warm but are soon discovered by the deformed man who kills both with his bare hands. Scratch and his accomplice Shelley decide that they should fight the deformed man while trying to escape without the rest of the gang. Meanwhile, sunrise has come and Lisa is still being pursued through the wilderness by a gang member who is able to ambush her and strangle her. The deformed man arrives and kills the gang member but Lisa is unresponsive. A friend of the family arrives at the house, discovers the bodies and alerts the authorities. The police arrive and shortly after so does uncle Rod. The police question whether there were any enemies of Orville and if Lisa is a likely suspect. Acting under the assumption that whoever committed the murders couldn't have gone far since the van is still at the bottom of the hill and would most likely attempt to escape into the woods, the police form a posse to track down the perpetrators. The posse splits up to cover more ground and Lisa is discovered barely alive but unconscious. Meanwhile, the deformed man has come across Scratch and Shelley and attempts to kill them but is shot several times by Scratch. He is thought dead but when they move closer to inspect him, he attacks again. The posse arrives and seeing the deformed man attacking two people are about to shoot when Rod yells for them not to. They shoot the deformed man in the head and the two gang members are taken into custody.

Paragraph 18: In recognition of his deep insight and interest in many fields of study, many sought his guidance on social and political issues.  David Ben-Gurion, the prime minister of Israel, and Yitzhak Ben-Zvi, who became the second president of Israel, visited him once to discuss political-religious issues.  Karelitz cited one of a pair of metaphors from the Talmudic discussion (Sanhedrin 32b): one is about two camels which meet on a narrow mountain pass as a metaphor. A camel without goods was expected to defer to a camel laden with goods; similarly,  Karelitz contended secular society should defer to religious society, which bore the "goods" of tradition.

Paragraph 19: Tahmineh brought up her son with great dedication and taught him all the skills of warfare and he became very strong. She also told him about his father Rostam and his forefathers and their valiant achievements as warriors in Iran. She also gave him the gifts that his father had sent him. She advised him to be wary of Afrasiyab of Turan who was father's foe. After knowing his ancestry and about his brave father, Sohrab decided to invade Iran. He also promised his mother that she would be the queen of Iran. As he rode on a horse which was the foal of Rakshak, his father's horse, he thought the tidings were good. However, as he moved to wage war against Iran he encountered his father on the battlefield. His father had been kept totally unaware of his son's identity by Afrasiyab who wanted father and son to fight each other. Before Sohrab led his army against Iran,  Afrasiyab had beguiled him to join him in the war, with gifts with messages praising Sohrab for his intent to invade Iran and told him how that "if Iran be subdued the world would henceforth know peace, for upon his own head would he place the crown of the Kaianides; and Turan, Iran, and Samengan should be as one land." There was deceit and false information given about Rostam. Both were unaware of each other's identity and relationship when they faced each other on the battlefield. In the fierce battle that took place between father and son Sohrab was mortally wounded. When Sohrab was wounded he announced his identity to Rostam and on hearing this Rostam was overtaken by intense grief and threw away his sword. Sohrab also was grief-stricken upon knowing that it was his father whom he had faced in the war and who had wounded him mortally. He then showed his onyx symbol that was tied to his armour. Rostam realized that it was the onyx which he had given to his wife and that he had really slain his own son. Kaykavous, the king of Iran, delayed giving Rostam the healing potion (Noush Daru) to save Sohrab as he feared losing his power to the alliance of the father and the son.

Paragraph 20: One track from the Sweet is the Melody, Debison's cover of the distinctive Israel Kamakawiwo'ole medley arrangement Somewhere over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World, became popular in Korea and Japan. (This medley and adaptation of Over The Rainbow have frequently been wrongly attributed to American singer Norah Jones.) Thanks to its inclusion in soft pop compilation albums such as Sony Music Korea/Splash Music's 2003 Crossover Romance, it became a firmly established element of ambient music in many parts of east Asia. Debison also did covers of "Driftwood", a song by the Scottish band Travis, and Garth Brooks's recording of Stephanie Davis's Christmas song "The Gift". Several other tracks from Sweet is the Melody were also included in Korean and Japanese pop compilations. Debison's version of Mike Oldfield's "Moonlight Shadow" entered the pop music top 20 in many parts of Japan. "Sweet is the Melody" peaked at album number 8 on the Billboard charts  and 55 on the authoritative Oricon pop charts in Japan. In Jan 2010, Debison's Asian success extended to Hong Kong, with "Sweet is the Melody" reaching number 60 on the KKBox Hong Kong classical album chart  and the single "Moonlight Shadow" reaching number 46 

Paragraph 21: Actress Laurine Lynne (Beverly Roberts), unable to get work in the United States, travels to Europe hoping to find employment. She makes a grand entrance at a Viennese hotel, and Rupert (Patric Knowles), one of the waiters, is immediately enchanted by her. He insists on serving her dinner, but angers her when he says that although he admires her a great deal, he can tell from her movie love scenes that she has never known a great love. Joe Craig (Allyn Joslyn), Laurine's press agent, arrives with the news that because a certain bad actress is married to a count, she has gotten the part that Laurine wanted. He suggests that Laurine marry a title to help her career, and taking his advice, Laurine advertises for a marriage of convenience. Without realizing that it is Laurine who is advertising, Rupert, who is really an impoverished prince, answers the ad. Both are surprised when they learn the identity of their potential mates, but proceed with the marriage. Although they love each other, both are convinced that the other went through with the marriage for selfish reasons: Laurine for the title, Rupert for the money. Nonetheless, when they are forced to spend their honeymoon night in a hotel that was Rupert's ancestral home, Laurine waits hopefully for her groom to come to bed. Rupert, however, is disgusted by Laurine's determination to return to Hollywood and her career and, in the middle of the night, leaves the hotel. The next morning, Joe calls with the news that Laurine has been signed to a picture. Her reviews are good, but now the press wants to meet the prince. During a press conference, where Laurine proclaims that she and her husband are madly in love, Rupert unexpectedly appears. He whispers that her love scenes have improved, but before he can explain his arrival, Laurine accuses him of returning for her money. Rupert decides to punish her by spending as much money as possible, although as he reveals to Joe, he is actually depositing an equal sum of money to her bank account. Rupert now has money of his own because he met the conditions of a will stipulating that he must earn a certain amount of money before he inherited a fortune. He announces that he is returning to Vienna and begs Laurine to give up her career and come with him. At first, she refuses, but some time later, she arrives at Rupert's home, which he has bought back, ready to be his wife.

Paragraph 22: Left without work and having no nest egg (something referenced in "Krusty Gets Busted" by his ex-sidekick, Sideshow Bob), Krusty falls on hard times and begins suffering from depression. Meanwhile, Bart and Lisa, who had disliked Gabbo from the start, decide to try to help Krusty. Bart sneaks into the studio and secretly records Gabbo referring to children of Springfield as "SOBs", which damages his reputation.  After visiting Krusty and seeing photos of him with a series of celebrity friends, Bart and Lisa suggest that he host a comeback special. They begin recruiting major celebrities to appear on Krusty's special: Bette Midler, Johnny Carson, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Hugh Hefner, and his half-brother Luke Perry. They also try to recruit Elizabeth Taylor, but her agent declines the invitation before they can speak to her. Bart and Lisa then help Krusty get back into shape before the special airs; this is necessary because, for health, he has been drinking a lot of milkshakes, not knowing that they should have been diet milkshakes. Krusty tries to tempt his former partner Sideshow Mel, who is now working in a fast food restaurant, into rejoining for the comeback special, but Mel declines because of all the physical abuse that Krusty has subjected him to.

Paragraph 23: The Austro-Hungarian Army had also recently undergone a change in command, and the new Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff, Arthur Arz von Straußenburg, wished to finish off the Italians. After Caporetto, the Austro-Hungarian offensive put many Italian cities, including Venice and Verona, under the threat of the Central Powers. Austria-Hungary's army had since then longed to achieve these strategic prizes and force Italy into an armistice. Straußenburg's army group commanders, Conrad von Hötzendorf (the former Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff) and Svetozar Boroević von Bojna, both wished to make a decisive assault against the Italians, but could not agree about the location of the attack. Conrad wanted an attack from the South Tyrolean Alps towards the Asiago Plateau and Vicenza. Boroević first favored a defensive action, but then when pressed preferred a frontal attack along the Piave River. Straußenburg himself was in favour of an attack on the western part of the front (the "Giudicarie" sector) leading to Brescia. Conrad and Boroević had a dislike for each other, and Straußenburg and the emperor, unable to decide between these two strong personalities, divided the army equally between them, reserving only a small part of the forces for a diversionary action on the Giudicarie sector. The preparation of the offensive began in February 1918, after a meeting in Bolzano between the Austro-Hungarian and German high commands. It was strongly recommended by the Germans, as Ludendorff hoped that it could force the increasing American forces in France to be diverted to the Italian front, so Straußenburg modeled the attack after Erich Ludendorff's offensive on the Western Front.

Paragraph 24: In 711, Song and another chancellor, Yao Yuanzhi, tried to persuade Emperor Ruizong to carry out a plan that they believed would end her plotting.  They proposed that the two princes who arguably had superior claims on the throne than Li Longji — Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (whose father Li Xian (note different character than Emperor Zhongzong) was an older brother to both Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong) — be sent out of the capital Chang'an to serve as prefectural prefects, while Princess Taiping and Wu Youji be sent to live in Luoyang.  They also proposed that Li Longji be put in charge of most affairs of state.  Emperor Ruizong initially agreed and made the orders as Song and Yao suggested, except that he believed that Luoyang was too far and therefore sent Princess Taiping and Wu Youji only to Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  After Princess Taiping found out that the plan was conceived by Song and Yao, however, she was incensed and let Li Longji know her anger.  In fear, Li Longji submitted a petition accusing Song and Yao of alienating him from his brothers Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (who was actually a cousin but was raised with Emperor Ruizong's sons) and aunt Princess Taiping, asking that the two be put to death.  Emperor Ruizong, in response, demoted Song and Yao and recalled Princess Taiping, Li Chengqi, and Li Shouli to the capital.  After Song and Yao were removed, Princess Taiping further suggested that a major reform in the civil service system that they carried out — removing officials improperly commissioned during Emperor Zhongzong's reign — be reversed, and Emperor Ruizong agreed. That year, Princess Taiping persuaded Emperor Ruizong to decree, collect and compile Shangguan Wan'er works, and retain the works of this talented woman. Later that year, in order to please Wu Youji, Princess Taiping requested that the tombs of Wu Zetian's parents Wu Shihuo (武士彠) and Lady Yang be restored to imperial tomb status (they had been reduced to the status of tombs of nobles after Emperor Zhongzong's death), and Emperor Ruizong agreed.  Also that year, when the officials Xue Qianguang (薛謙光) and Murong Xun (慕容珣) accused an associate of Princess Taiping's, the Buddhist monk Huifan (慧範), Princess Taiping pleaded on Huifan's behalf, and Emperor Ruizong, believing that Xue and Murong had only accused Huifan because they could do so during the time that Princess Taiping was out of the capital, demoted Xue and Murong.

Paragraph 25: In 2002, it was proposed that a for-profit prison corporation, Cornell Corrections, build a prison on the island. To connect the island with Ketchikan, it was originally planned that the federal government spend $175 million on building a bridge to the island and another $75 million to connect it to the power grid with an electrical intertie. The Ketchikan Borough Assembly turned the proposal down when the administration of Governor Tony Knowles also expressed its disfavor to the idea. Eventually, the corporation's prison plans led to the exposure of the wide-ranging Alaska political corruption probe, which eventually ensnared U.S. Senator Ted Stevens. The bridge idea persisted through the administration of former U.S. Senator and then-governor Frank Murkowski. The 2005 Highway Bill provided for $223m to build the Gravina Island Bridge between Gravina Island and nearby Ketchikan, on Revillagigedo Island. The provisions and earmarks were negotiated by Alaska's Rep. Don Young, who chaired the House Transportation Committee, and were supported by the Chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Alaska's Senator Stevens. This bridge, nicknamed "The Bridge to Nowhere" by critics, was intended to replace the auto ferry, which is currently the only connection between Ketchikan and its airport. While the federal earmark was withdrawn after meeting opposition from Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn, the state of Alaska still received $300 million in transportation funding, with which the state of Alaska continued to study improvements in access to the airport, which could conceivably include improvements to the ferry service. In 2006, Palin had run for governor with a "build-the-bridge" plank in her platform, saying she would "not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project ... into something that's so negative." Palin criticized the use of the word "nowhere" as insulting to local residents and urged speedy work on building the infrastructure "while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist." Despite the demise of the bridge proposal, Palin spent $26 million in transportation funding for the planned 3-mile access road on the island that ultimately served little use. A spokesman for Alaska's Department of Transportation said that it had been within Palin's power to cancel the road project but noted the state was considering cheaper designs to complete the bridge project, and that in any case the road would open up the surrounding lands for development. As governor, Palin canceled the Gravina Island Bridge in September 2007, saying that Congress had "little interest in spending any more money" due to "inaccurate portrayals of the projects." Alaska did not return the $442 million in federal transportation funds.

Paragraph 26: Goodwin House is a prominent heritage building in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  Located at 312 Laurier Avenue East it was built by railway executive George Goodwin from 1899 to 1900.  It is one of the largest mansions ever built in the city.  It later became a convent for the Grey Nuns, and during the Second World War was used as the headquarters of the Canadian Women's Army Corps.  In 1978 it was bought and restored by St. John Ambulance, which used it as its national headquarters.  Recently it was sold to Amnesty International which today uses it as its Canadian headquarters.

Paragraph 27: Freddie's youth was a rather wild and reckless time. He was expelled from Eton for "breaking out at night and roaming the streets of Windsor in a false moustache", and was sent down from Oxford, where he had been good friends with "Beefy" Bingham, for "pouring ink from a second-storey window on the junior dean of his college". Despite two years at an expensive London crammer's, he failed to qualify for the army. During this time he gathered a wide circle of shady and dubious friends, mostly involved in the turf, including the unpleasant Mr. R Jones, and an equally broad set of gambling debts. 

Paragraph 28: The Austro-Hungarian Army had also recently undergone a change in command, and the new Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff, Arthur Arz von Straußenburg, wished to finish off the Italians. After Caporetto, the Austro-Hungarian offensive put many Italian cities, including Venice and Verona, under the threat of the Central Powers. Austria-Hungary's army had since then longed to achieve these strategic prizes and force Italy into an armistice. Straußenburg's army group commanders, Conrad von Hötzendorf (the former Austro-Hungarian Chief of Staff) and Svetozar Boroević von Bojna, both wished to make a decisive assault against the Italians, but could not agree about the location of the attack. Conrad wanted an attack from the South Tyrolean Alps towards the Asiago Plateau and Vicenza. Boroević first favored a defensive action, but then when pressed preferred a frontal attack along the Piave River. Straußenburg himself was in favour of an attack on the western part of the front (the "Giudicarie" sector) leading to Brescia. Conrad and Boroević had a dislike for each other, and Straußenburg and the emperor, unable to decide between these two strong personalities, divided the army equally between them, reserving only a small part of the forces for a diversionary action on the Giudicarie sector. The preparation of the offensive began in February 1918, after a meeting in Bolzano between the Austro-Hungarian and German high commands. It was strongly recommended by the Germans, as Ludendorff hoped that it could force the increasing American forces in France to be diverted to the Italian front, so Straußenburg modeled the attack after Erich Ludendorff's offensive on the Western Front.

Paragraph 29: Mary, Queen of Scots, immediately appointed him her ambassador at the French Court, and he remained both up to her forced abdication in 1567, and during the rest of her life, her most faithful friend and adviser. He did not hesitate, after the murder of Darnley, to inform her frankly of the dark suspicions attaching to her, and the necessity of the assassins being punished. On the 15 February 1574, Beaton's name appears at the head of the list of the Roman prelates and clergy declared outlaws and rebels by the Scottish Privy Council; but he nevertheless continued to enjoy in his exile the favour of the young king (James VI) who, about 1586, appointed him, as the late sovereign had done, ambassador at Paris. Beaton held several benefices in France, including the income of the Abbey De la Sie, in Poitou, and the treasurership of St. Hilary of Poitiers. His intimate association with the House of Guise had naturally led him to join with the League against Henry IV, and on its dissolution he was threatened with banishment; but by the intervention of Cardinals Bourbon and Sully and of the king himself, he was allowed to remain in France. Perhaps the most remarkable testimony to the respect felt for his character in Scotland is to be found in the fact that in 1598, nearly forty years after the overthrow of the ancient Church, the archbishop was formally restored, by an act of the Scottish Parliament, to all his "heritages, honours, dignities, and benefices, notwithstanding that he has never acknowledged the religion professed within the realm". He survived to witness, a month before his death, the union of the English and Scottish crowns under King James. On either the 24 or 25 April 1603, when James was actually on his way to London to take possession of his new kingdom, the archbishop died in Paris, on the eighty-sixth year of his age, and half a century after his episcopal consecration.

Paragraph 30: One track from the Sweet is the Melody, Debison's cover of the distinctive Israel Kamakawiwo'ole medley arrangement Somewhere over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World, became popular in Korea and Japan. (This medley and adaptation of Over The Rainbow have frequently been wrongly attributed to American singer Norah Jones.) Thanks to its inclusion in soft pop compilation albums such as Sony Music Korea/Splash Music's 2003 Crossover Romance, it became a firmly established element of ambient music in many parts of east Asia. Debison also did covers of "Driftwood", a song by the Scottish band Travis, and Garth Brooks's recording of Stephanie Davis's Christmas song "The Gift". Several other tracks from Sweet is the Melody were also included in Korean and Japanese pop compilations. Debison's version of Mike Oldfield's "Moonlight Shadow" entered the pop music top 20 in many parts of Japan. "Sweet is the Melody" peaked at album number 8 on the Billboard charts  and 55 on the authoritative Oricon pop charts in Japan. In Jan 2010, Debison's Asian success extended to Hong Kong, with "Sweet is the Melody" reaching number 60 on the KKBox Hong Kong classical album chart  and the single "Moonlight Shadow" reaching number 46 

Paragraph 31: Critilo, man of the world, is shipwrecked on the coast of the island of Santa Elena, where he meets Andrenio, the natural man, who has grown up completely ignorant of civilization. Together they undertake a long voyage to the Isle of Immortality, travelling the long and prickly road of life. In the first part, "En la primavera de la niñez" ("In the Spring of Childhood"), they join the royal court, where they suffer all manner of disappointments; in the second part, "En el otoño de la varonil edad" ("In the Autumn of the Age of Manliness"), they pass through Aragon, where they visit the house of Salastano (an anagram of the name of Gracián's friend Lastanosa), and travel to France, which the author calls the "wasteland of Hipocrinda", populated entirely by hypocrites and dunces, ending with a visit to a house of lunatics. In the third part, "En el invierno de la vejez" ("In the Winter of Old Age"), they arrive in Rome, where they encounter an academy where they meet the most inventive of men, arriving finally at the Isle of Immortality. He is intelligent and contributed greatly to the world. One of his most famous phrases is "Respect yourself if you would have others respect you."

Paragraph 32: As Jadvyga later told it:"Then a delegation finally went to Berlin to visit and get his signature. Voldemaras was in that delegation, as were Father Purickis and Alšauskas. And Voldemaras came over to me and said: ‘We can’t bring back his signature with us to Lithuania. There’s a war on as well as an occupation government, but maybe you could take it? No one will bother searching you.’ I was completely unafraid… I was overjoyed to have that opportunity. ‘Alright’, I said, ‘I’ll go.’"Jadvyga was taking drops for her eyes and, before she was due to leave, she was struck blind. She phoned Voldemaras to tell him she couldn't do it. Voldemaras and Purickis rushed over and helped her get ready. They stashed the document in her boot and as Jadvyga told it:"They put two-mark notes in my right pocket and one-mark notes in my left one. And they gave me some small change. They put me in the wagon, stashed my suitcase for me and left."Jadvyga headed for Lithuania. The train stopped at the German border stop in Eitkūnai. There Jadvyga had to transfer to another train to Vilnius. But only when she arrived at the station did she find out the train was late. The border police, realizing that they had a lot of time, started a thorough search of her luggage. As Jadvyga recalled:"The woman who searched me gazed and gazed at my shoes. She undid my braids. She looked everywhere. She stripped me down almost naked. But she never checked inside my shoes."The border police told her that the permit she had stated that she was to cross the border at a point other than Eitkūnai. The border police were therefore obliged to send a telegram to the Berlin Commandant to change the place of departure and allow her to pass through Eitkūnai. They took her to a hotel in order that she might catch the same train the next day. She slept in her high boots all night, without taking them off. The next morning, the new permit still hadn't arrived. The police also wondered how Jadvyga, who could see almost nothing, could go to the station by herself with all her luggage. Help came from an unexpected source. As Jadvyga later told it:"I looked out the window and saw a captive Frenchman walking. I started shouting “monsieur, monsieur, over here!” He was very happy to hear the French language and ran over. I told him what was happening. He said,  “don’t worry, I will take care of everything.”As no new permit had arrived in the night, the border police told her to return to her hotel. And then Jadvyga said:"I will not return, I said. I will not be able to catch the train. I will wait here where you want me, but I will not go back to the hotel. I will wait here for an answer. If it comes, I can catch the train at the last minute."Her forthrightness had the desired effect and the border guards locked her in the office at the station until a decision was made. According to Jadvyga:"As soon as they received a telegram from Berlin, the Germans arrived with such joy, they almost carried me, carried my suitcases, carried everything, threw me on that train. The Germans “gute Reise, gute Reise” [“safe journey, safe journey”] and drove away."She returned to Lithuania and gave the Council of Lithuania the signed document.

Paragraph 33: This is a list of the fundamental frequencies in hertz (cycles per second) of the keys of a modern 88-key standard or 108-key extended piano in twelve-tone equal temperament, with the 49th key, the fifth A (called A4), tuned to 440 Hz (referred to as A440).  Since every octave is made of twelve steps and since a jump of one octave doubles the frequency (for example, the fifth A is 440 Hz and the sixth A is 880 Hz), each successive pitch is derived by multiplying (ascending) or dividing (descending) the frequency of the previous pitch by the twelfth root of two (approximately 1.059463). For example, to get the frequency one semitone up from A4 (A4), multiply 440 by the twelfth root of two. To go from A4 to B4 (up one whole tone, or two semitones), multiply 440 twice by the twelfth root of two (or once by the sixth root of two, approximately 1.122462). To go from A4 to C5 (which is a minor third), multiply 440 three times by the twelfth root of two (or once by the fourth root of two, approximately 1.189207). For other tuning schemes refer to musical tuning.

Paragraph 34: In 711, Song and another chancellor, Yao Yuanzhi, tried to persuade Emperor Ruizong to carry out a plan that they believed would end her plotting.  They proposed that the two princes who arguably had superior claims on the throne than Li Longji — Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (whose father Li Xian (note different character than Emperor Zhongzong) was an older brother to both Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong) — be sent out of the capital Chang'an to serve as prefectural prefects, while Princess Taiping and Wu Youji be sent to live in Luoyang.  They also proposed that Li Longji be put in charge of most affairs of state.  Emperor Ruizong initially agreed and made the orders as Song and Yao suggested, except that he believed that Luoyang was too far and therefore sent Princess Taiping and Wu Youji only to Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  After Princess Taiping found out that the plan was conceived by Song and Yao, however, she was incensed and let Li Longji know her anger.  In fear, Li Longji submitted a petition accusing Song and Yao of alienating him from his brothers Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (who was actually a cousin but was raised with Emperor Ruizong's sons) and aunt Princess Taiping, asking that the two be put to death.  Emperor Ruizong, in response, demoted Song and Yao and recalled Princess Taiping, Li Chengqi, and Li Shouli to the capital.  After Song and Yao were removed, Princess Taiping further suggested that a major reform in the civil service system that they carried out — removing officials improperly commissioned during Emperor Zhongzong's reign — be reversed, and Emperor Ruizong agreed. That year, Princess Taiping persuaded Emperor Ruizong to decree, collect and compile Shangguan Wan'er works, and retain the works of this talented woman. Later that year, in order to please Wu Youji, Princess Taiping requested that the tombs of Wu Zetian's parents Wu Shihuo (武士彠) and Lady Yang be restored to imperial tomb status (they had been reduced to the status of tombs of nobles after Emperor Zhongzong's death), and Emperor Ruizong agreed.  Also that year, when the officials Xue Qianguang (薛謙光) and Murong Xun (慕容珣) accused an associate of Princess Taiping's, the Buddhist monk Huifan (慧範), Princess Taiping pleaded on Huifan's behalf, and Emperor Ruizong, believing that Xue and Murong had only accused Huifan because they could do so during the time that Princess Taiping was out of the capital, demoted Xue and Murong.

Paragraph 35: In 2002, it was proposed that a for-profit prison corporation, Cornell Corrections, build a prison on the island. To connect the island with Ketchikan, it was originally planned that the federal government spend $175 million on building a bridge to the island and another $75 million to connect it to the power grid with an electrical intertie. The Ketchikan Borough Assembly turned the proposal down when the administration of Governor Tony Knowles also expressed its disfavor to the idea. Eventually, the corporation's prison plans led to the exposure of the wide-ranging Alaska political corruption probe, which eventually ensnared U.S. Senator Ted Stevens. The bridge idea persisted through the administration of former U.S. Senator and then-governor Frank Murkowski. The 2005 Highway Bill provided for $223m to build the Gravina Island Bridge between Gravina Island and nearby Ketchikan, on Revillagigedo Island. The provisions and earmarks were negotiated by Alaska's Rep. Don Young, who chaired the House Transportation Committee, and were supported by the Chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Alaska's Senator Stevens. This bridge, nicknamed "The Bridge to Nowhere" by critics, was intended to replace the auto ferry, which is currently the only connection between Ketchikan and its airport. While the federal earmark was withdrawn after meeting opposition from Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn, the state of Alaska still received $300 million in transportation funding, with which the state of Alaska continued to study improvements in access to the airport, which could conceivably include improvements to the ferry service. In 2006, Palin had run for governor with a "build-the-bridge" plank in her platform, saying she would "not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project ... into something that's so negative." Palin criticized the use of the word "nowhere" as insulting to local residents and urged speedy work on building the infrastructure "while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist." Despite the demise of the bridge proposal, Palin spent $26 million in transportation funding for the planned 3-mile access road on the island that ultimately served little use. A spokesman for Alaska's Department of Transportation said that it had been within Palin's power to cancel the road project but noted the state was considering cheaper designs to complete the bridge project, and that in any case the road would open up the surrounding lands for development. As governor, Palin canceled the Gravina Island Bridge in September 2007, saying that Congress had "little interest in spending any more money" due to "inaccurate portrayals of the projects." Alaska did not return the $442 million in federal transportation funds.

Paragraph 36: In 711, Song and another chancellor, Yao Yuanzhi, tried to persuade Emperor Ruizong to carry out a plan that they believed would end her plotting.  They proposed that the two princes who arguably had superior claims on the throne than Li Longji — Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (whose father Li Xian (note different character than Emperor Zhongzong) was an older brother to both Emperors Zhongzong and Ruizong) — be sent out of the capital Chang'an to serve as prefectural prefects, while Princess Taiping and Wu Youji be sent to live in Luoyang.  They also proposed that Li Longji be put in charge of most affairs of state.  Emperor Ruizong initially agreed and made the orders as Song and Yao suggested, except that he believed that Luoyang was too far and therefore sent Princess Taiping and Wu Youji only to Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  After Princess Taiping found out that the plan was conceived by Song and Yao, however, she was incensed and let Li Longji know her anger.  In fear, Li Longji submitted a petition accusing Song and Yao of alienating him from his brothers Li Chengqi and Li Shouli (who was actually a cousin but was raised with Emperor Ruizong's sons) and aunt Princess Taiping, asking that the two be put to death.  Emperor Ruizong, in response, demoted Song and Yao and recalled Princess Taiping, Li Chengqi, and Li Shouli to the capital.  After Song and Yao were removed, Princess Taiping further suggested that a major reform in the civil service system that they carried out — removing officials improperly commissioned during Emperor Zhongzong's reign — be reversed, and Emperor Ruizong agreed. That year, Princess Taiping persuaded Emperor Ruizong to decree, collect and compile Shangguan Wan'er works, and retain the works of this talented woman. Later that year, in order to please Wu Youji, Princess Taiping requested that the tombs of Wu Zetian's parents Wu Shihuo (武士彠) and Lady Yang be restored to imperial tomb status (they had been reduced to the status of tombs of nobles after Emperor Zhongzong's death), and Emperor Ruizong agreed.  Also that year, when the officials Xue Qianguang (薛謙光) and Murong Xun (慕容珣) accused an associate of Princess Taiping's, the Buddhist monk Huifan (慧範), Princess Taiping pleaded on Huifan's behalf, and Emperor Ruizong, believing that Xue and Murong had only accused Huifan because they could do so during the time that Princess Taiping was out of the capital, demoted Xue and Murong.

Paragraph 37: One track from the Sweet is the Melody, Debison's cover of the distinctive Israel Kamakawiwo'ole medley arrangement Somewhere over the Rainbow/What a Wonderful World, became popular in Korea and Japan. (This medley and adaptation of Over The Rainbow have frequently been wrongly attributed to American singer Norah Jones.) Thanks to its inclusion in soft pop compilation albums such as Sony Music Korea/Splash Music's 2003 Crossover Romance, it became a firmly established element of ambient music in many parts of east Asia. Debison also did covers of "Driftwood", a song by the Scottish band Travis, and Garth Brooks's recording of Stephanie Davis's Christmas song "The Gift". Several other tracks from Sweet is the Melody were also included in Korean and Japanese pop compilations. Debison's version of Mike Oldfield's "Moonlight Shadow" entered the pop music top 20 in many parts of Japan. "Sweet is the Melody" peaked at album number 8 on the Billboard charts  and 55 on the authoritative Oricon pop charts in Japan. In Jan 2010, Debison's Asian success extended to Hong Kong, with "Sweet is the Melody" reaching number 60 on the KKBox Hong Kong classical album chart  and the single "Moonlight Shadow" reaching number 46 

Paragraph 38: The Battle of France began on 10 May with the German invasion of the Low Countries. The BEF followed the pre-arranged Plan D and advanced into Belgium to take up defences along the River Dyle. 50th (N) Division was in reserve for the divisions along the Dyle line by 15 May. However, the German Army had broken through the Ardennes to the east, forcing the BEF to withdraw again across a series of river lines. By the end of 19 May the whole force was back across the Escaut, with 50th (N) Division concentrating on Vimy Ridge above Arras and preparing to make a counter-attack on the German forces sweeping past towards the sea. The attack (the Battle of Arras) was made on 21 May, but 150th Bde was not involved, being sent to strengthen the garrison of Arras and to hold the line of the River Scarpe. It carried out a raid across the river during the day. As the Germans continued to move west, behind the BEF, Arras was becoming a dangerous salient, and 150th Bde came under attack on 23 May. It fought its way out of Arras via Douai that night as the BEF scrambled to form a defensive ring round Dunkirk. 50th (N) Division was then thrown into a gap left near Ypres when the Belgian Army surrendered. By now the decision had been made to evacuate the BEF through Dunkirk (Operation Dynamo), and 50th (N) Division held the line to allow this to proceed. All day on 29 May it was bombarded as it pulled back, still in contact with the enemy. The rest of II Corps was evacuated on the night of 31 May/1 June, while 50th (N) Division continued to hold the line. Finally, 150th Bde's turn came, and it was evacuated to England on 2 June.

Paragraph 39: The production MKS rides on Ford's D3 platform. The MKS features an independent suspension with MacPherson struts and rearward-facing lower L-arms with a  stabilizer bar in the front and a multilink coil over shock setup with stamped steel lower control arms and cast upper control arms in the rear; "Lincoln Drive Control" with continuously controlled damping (CCD) available as optional feature. The car features four-wheel antilock disc brakes ( rotors in the front and  rotors in the rear) with standard AdvanceTrac traction control and Roll Stability Control (RSC). Front-wheel drive (FWD) is standard while all-wheel drive (AWD) is optional. In a significant departure from the MKS Concept and past Lincoln flagship sedans, the production MKS does not offer a V8 engine. In the place of the 4.4 L Ford/Yamaha V8 found in the MKS Concept, the production MKS is powered by an all-aluminum 3.7 L Duratec DOHC V6, a larger bore derivative of the Duratec 35 and a member of Ford's Cyclone engine family. The engine was designed to accept either regular grade, 87 octane gasoline or premium grade, 91 octane gasoline. Using regular grade gasoline, the 3.7 L V6 produces 273 hp (204 kW) at 6250 rpm and 270 lb·ft (366 N·m) of torque at 4250 rpm. Using premium grade gasoline results in a small boost in output to 275 hp (205 kW) at 6250 rpm and 276 lb·ft (374 N·m) of torque at 4250 rpm. Power from the MKS' V6 is transmitted to the wheels via Ford's 6F50 6-speed automatic transmission. The transmission is equipped with SelectShift which simulates the operation of a manual transmission. A road test by Car and Driver magazine of an AWD-equipped MKS recorded acceleration from zero to 60 mph in 7.5 seconds and a quarter-mile in 15.7 seconds at . Testers noted the MKS' heavy weight of over 4300 lbs. Ford introduced its EcoBoost V6, an all-aluminum, twin-turbocharged, direct injection 3.5 L DOHC V6, in the 2010 MKS arriving in showrooms in the summer of 2009.

Paragraph 40: This is a list of the fundamental frequencies in hertz (cycles per second) of the keys of a modern 88-key standard or 108-key extended piano in twelve-tone equal temperament, with the 49th key, the fifth A (called A4), tuned to 440 Hz (referred to as A440).  Since every octave is made of twelve steps and since a jump of one octave doubles the frequency (for example, the fifth A is 440 Hz and the sixth A is 880 Hz), each successive pitch is derived by multiplying (ascending) or dividing (descending) the frequency of the previous pitch by the twelfth root of two (approximately 1.059463). For example, to get the frequency one semitone up from A4 (A4), multiply 440 by the twelfth root of two. To go from A4 to B4 (up one whole tone, or two semitones), multiply 440 twice by the twelfth root of two (or once by the sixth root of two, approximately 1.122462). To go from A4 to C5 (which is a minor third), multiply 440 three times by the twelfth root of two (or once by the fourth root of two, approximately 1.189207). For other tuning schemes refer to musical tuning.

Paragraph 41: Different rules govern the possible explanations for representations of the four classes and “every explanation given in accordance with this guiding line is merely relative. It [the principle of sufficient reason] explains things in reference to one another, but it always leaves unexplained something that it presupposes,” and the two things that are absolutely inexplicable are the principle itself and the “thing in itself”, which Schopenhauer connects with the will to live. The principle, in another point of view, provides the general form of any given perspective, presupposing both subject and object. The thing in itself, consequently, remains forever unknowable from any standpoint, for any qualities attributed to it are merely perceived, i.e., constructed in the mind from sensations given in time and space. Furthermore, because the concepts we form from our perceptions cannot in any way refer with any validity to anything beyond these limits to experience, all proofs for the existence of God or anything beyond the possibility of experience fall away under the razor of Kant’s critique. Kant termed this critical or transcendental idealism. Important to note here is that “Transcendental” does not refer to knowing the unknowable, but rather it refers to the a priori intellectual conditions for experience. This intuition of the a priori understanding is a modern elucidation of the postmodern expression "always already": time and space always and already determine the possibilities of experience. Additionally, Schopenhauer distinguishes from this something he calls a "spurious a priori": cultural perspectives (ideologies) one is born into that determine one's relationship to experience, in addition to the forms of space and time. He considers these false because it is possible to investigate and uncover their grounds, leading to a reorientation that regards the phenomena of experience as source material of new knowledge, rather than one's always already prejudices about phenomena.

Paragraph 42: Mary, Queen of Scots, immediately appointed him her ambassador at the French Court, and he remained both up to her forced abdication in 1567, and during the rest of her life, her most faithful friend and adviser. He did not hesitate, after the murder of Darnley, to inform her frankly of the dark suspicions attaching to her, and the necessity of the assassins being punished. On the 15 February 1574, Beaton's name appears at the head of the list of the Roman prelates and clergy declared outlaws and rebels by the Scottish Privy Council; but he nevertheless continued to enjoy in his exile the favour of the young king (James VI) who, about 1586, appointed him, as the late sovereign had done, ambassador at Paris. Beaton held several benefices in France, including the income of the Abbey De la Sie, in Poitou, and the treasurership of St. Hilary of Poitiers. His intimate association with the House of Guise had naturally led him to join with the League against Henry IV, and on its dissolution he was threatened with banishment; but by the intervention of Cardinals Bourbon and Sully and of the king himself, he was allowed to remain in France. Perhaps the most remarkable testimony to the respect felt for his character in Scotland is to be found in the fact that in 1598, nearly forty years after the overthrow of the ancient Church, the archbishop was formally restored, by an act of the Scottish Parliament, to all his "heritages, honours, dignities, and benefices, notwithstanding that he has never acknowledged the religion professed within the realm". He survived to witness, a month before his death, the union of the English and Scottish crowns under King James. On either the 24 or 25 April 1603, when James was actually on his way to London to take possession of his new kingdom, the archbishop died in Paris, on the eighty-sixth year of his age, and half a century after his episcopal consecration.

Paragraph 43: The three quotations by Epiphanius in Panarion 30.13.6, 4, and 7, respectively, form the opening of the gospel narrative, including the mission of John the Baptist, his appearance and diet, and the baptism of Jesus by John.  The beginning of the gospel (13.6) has parallels to the Gospel of Luke but in abbreviated form. The text shows a familiarity with the infancy narrative of Luke 1:5 despite lacking a birth narrative of its own. Quoting from the text regarding the diet of John (13.4), Epiphanius complains that the Ebionites have falsified the text by substituting the word "cake" (egkris ἐγκρίς) for "locust" (akris ἀκρίς, in Matthew 3:4). The similarity of the wording in Greek has led scholars to conclude that Greek was the original language of composition.  In the narrative of the baptism of Jesus by John (13.7), the voice of God speaks three times in close parallels to the Gospel of Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22 (Western text-type), and Matthew 3:17, respectively. The presence of multiple baptismal theophanies has led to a consensus among modern scholars that the text quoted by Epiphanius is a gospel harmony of the Synoptic Gospels. The appearance of a great light on the water may be an echo of St. Paul's conversion or an additional harmonization of the Gospel of the Hebrews to this work.

Paragraph 44: As Jadvyga later told it:"Then a delegation finally went to Berlin to visit and get his signature. Voldemaras was in that delegation, as were Father Purickis and Alšauskas. And Voldemaras came over to me and said: ‘We can’t bring back his signature with us to Lithuania. There’s a war on as well as an occupation government, but maybe you could take it? No one will bother searching you.’ I was completely unafraid… I was overjoyed to have that opportunity. ‘Alright’, I said, ‘I’ll go.’"Jadvyga was taking drops for her eyes and, before she was due to leave, she was struck blind. She phoned Voldemaras to tell him she couldn't do it. Voldemaras and Purickis rushed over and helped her get ready. They stashed the document in her boot and as Jadvyga told it:"They put two-mark notes in my right pocket and one-mark notes in my left one. And they gave me some small change. They put me in the wagon, stashed my suitcase for me and left."Jadvyga headed for Lithuania. The train stopped at the German border stop in Eitkūnai. There Jadvyga had to transfer to another train to Vilnius. But only when she arrived at the station did she find out the train was late. The border police, realizing that they had a lot of time, started a thorough search of her luggage. As Jadvyga recalled:"The woman who searched me gazed and gazed at my shoes. She undid my braids. She looked everywhere. She stripped me down almost naked. But she never checked inside my shoes."The border police told her that the permit she had stated that she was to cross the border at a point other than Eitkūnai. The border police were therefore obliged to send a telegram to the Berlin Commandant to change the place of departure and allow her to pass through Eitkūnai. They took her to a hotel in order that she might catch the same train the next day. She slept in her high boots all night, without taking them off. The next morning, the new permit still hadn't arrived. The police also wondered how Jadvyga, who could see almost nothing, could go to the station by herself with all her luggage. Help came from an unexpected source. As Jadvyga later told it:"I looked out the window and saw a captive Frenchman walking. I started shouting “monsieur, monsieur, over here!” He was very happy to hear the French language and ran over. I told him what was happening. He said,  “don’t worry, I will take care of everything.”As no new permit had arrived in the night, the border police told her to return to her hotel. And then Jadvyga said:"I will not return, I said. I will not be able to catch the train. I will wait here where you want me, but I will not go back to the hotel. I will wait here for an answer. If it comes, I can catch the train at the last minute."Her forthrightness had the desired effect and the border guards locked her in the office at the station until a decision was made. According to Jadvyga:"As soon as they received a telegram from Berlin, the Germans arrived with such joy, they almost carried me, carried my suitcases, carried everything, threw me on that train. The Germans “gute Reise, gute Reise” [“safe journey, safe journey”] and drove away."She returned to Lithuania and gave the Council of Lithuania the signed document.

Paragraph 45: As Jadvyga later told it:"Then a delegation finally went to Berlin to visit and get his signature. Voldemaras was in that delegation, as were Father Purickis and Alšauskas. And Voldemaras came over to me and said: ‘We can’t bring back his signature with us to Lithuania. There’s a war on as well as an occupation government, but maybe you could take it? No one will bother searching you.’ I was completely unafraid… I was overjoyed to have that opportunity. ‘Alright’, I said, ‘I’ll go.’"Jadvyga was taking drops for her eyes and, before she was due to leave, she was struck blind. She phoned Voldemaras to tell him she couldn't do it. Voldemaras and Purickis rushed over and helped her get ready. They stashed the document in her boot and as Jadvyga told it:"They put two-mark notes in my right pocket and one-mark notes in my left one. And they gave me some small change. They put me in the wagon, stashed my suitcase for me and left."Jadvyga headed for Lithuania. The train stopped at the German border stop in Eitkūnai. There Jadvyga had to transfer to another train to Vilnius. But only when she arrived at the station did she find out the train was late. The border police, realizing that they had a lot of time, started a thorough search of her luggage. As Jadvyga recalled:"The woman who searched me gazed and gazed at my shoes. She undid my braids. She looked everywhere. She stripped me down almost naked. But she never checked inside my shoes."The border police told her that the permit she had stated that she was to cross the border at a point other than Eitkūnai. The border police were therefore obliged to send a telegram to the Berlin Commandant to change the place of departure and allow her to pass through Eitkūnai. They took her to a hotel in order that she might catch the same train the next day. She slept in her high boots all night, without taking them off. The next morning, the new permit still hadn't arrived. The police also wondered how Jadvyga, who could see almost nothing, could go to the station by herself with all her luggage. Help came from an unexpected source. As Jadvyga later told it:"I looked out the window and saw a captive Frenchman walking. I started shouting “monsieur, monsieur, over here!” He was very happy to hear the French language and ran over. I told him what was happening. He said,  “don’t worry, I will take care of everything.”As no new permit had arrived in the night, the border police told her to return to her hotel. And then Jadvyga said:"I will not return, I said. I will not be able to catch the train. I will wait here where you want me, but I will not go back to the hotel. I will wait here for an answer. If it comes, I can catch the train at the last minute."Her forthrightness had the desired effect and the border guards locked her in the office at the station until a decision was made. According to Jadvyga:"As soon as they received a telegram from Berlin, the Germans arrived with such joy, they almost carried me, carried my suitcases, carried everything, threw me on that train. The Germans “gute Reise, gute Reise” [“safe journey, safe journey”] and drove away."She returned to Lithuania and gave the Council of Lithuania the signed document.

Paragraph 46: The museum has artifacts from the RCMP, Prince Albert City Police, provincial correctional facilities, the Saskatchewan Federal Penitentiary, and the Saskatchewan Provincial Police. Exhibits include RCMP and Prince Albert City Police uniforms, and a Thompson submachine gun, or "Tommy Gun" which was used by the Saskatchewan Provincial Police. Also on display are weapons made by inmates including a zip gun, shanks, two sawed-off shotguns, as well as other items such as masks and an alcohol still made from a fire extinguisher. Various methods of discipline which were used at the Federal Penitentiary are also exhibited, for example a rack, a cat-o-nine tails, and a paddling table.