Paragraph 1: Ismaïl "is made up of eyes, sideburns, and a dress", tied with rope to a badger and stumbling down Arionoaia Street. Protected from "legal responsibility" in the country ("a seed-bed at the bottom of a hole in Dobruja"), the creature raises an entire badger colony: some he eats raw, with lemon; the others, once they have turned sixteen, he rapes "without the smallest qualm of conscience." The seed-bed is where Ismaïl also interviews job applicants, received on the condition that they hatch him "four eggs each". The process is supported by his "chamberlain" Turnavitu, who exchanges love letters with the applicants. Ismaïl's actual residence is kept a secret, but it is presumed that he lives, sequestered from "the corruption of electoral mores", in an attic above the home of his grotesquely disfigured father, only to emerge in a ball gown for the yearly celebration of plaster. He then offers his body to the workers, in hopes of thus resolving "the labor issue". Whereas Ismaïl has once worked as an air fan for "dirty Greek coffee houses" in the Lipscani quarter, Turnavitu has a past in "politics": he was for long the government-appointed air fan at the fire precinct kitchen. Ismaïl has spared Turnavitu a life of near constant rotation, remunerating his services: the seed-bed interviews, the ritualized apologizes to the leashed badgers, the praise of Ismaïl's fashion sense, and the swabbing of canola over Ismaïl's gowns. Their relationship breaks down as Turnavitu, returning from the Balearic Islands in the form of a jerrycan, passes the common cold to Ismaïl's badgers. Sacked from his job, he contemplates suicide ("not before seeing to the extraction of four canines in his mouth"), and hurls himself into a pyre made up of Ismaïl's dresses; the patron falls into depression and "decrepitude", retreating to his seed-bed for the rest of his own life.

Paragraph 2: After the 1983 general election, Cockfield became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. In this role he had no specific departmental responsibilities, so he effectively became an advisor and a sort of one-man think-tank to the Prime Minister. Lord Cockfield resigned from the cabinet in September 1984 to join the European Commission as commissioner for Internal Market, Tax Law and Customs under Jacques Delors, and a vice-president of the first Delors Commission. He was expected to follow Thatcher's eurosceptic line, but became a driving force in laying the groundwork for the creation of the Single European Market in 1992. Only a few months after he arrived in Brussels, he produced a mammoth white paper listing 300 barriers to trade, with a timetable for them to be abolished. He was not selected to serve a second term, and was replaced by Leon Brittan.

Paragraph 3: Mitcham had long been one of the poorest parishes in Surrey and records of Gypsies camping in the area date back to the 1700s. Between the mid-19th and early 20th centuries the area declined in respectability as several landowning families departed and its population grew significantly as outward migration from London increased the population of poor and displaced residents (Smith, 2005, p 67). Of these, Gypsies and itinerants formed a significant minority: the 1881 census records 230 Gypsies and vagrants camping on Mitcham Common ... [Mitcham] contained an abundance of market gardens which provided regular seasonal employment with the locality becoming an important site for industry in the early to mid-20th century, particularly the 'dirty industries' such as paint making, chemical works and bone boiling, which had been expelled from inner London by the 1845 Health Act. The importance of Gypsy labour to the area's industry in this period is revealed by Montague, who notes that ... when Purdom's [paint and varnish] factory was originally established production had been seasonal, taking place mainly in the winter months when Gypsy and other casual labour employed on the physic gardens during the rest of the year was available at very low rates. (Montague, 2006, p 79)By 1909, over 190 vans were documented as being situated at Mitcham Common, along with numerous others at sites nearby, in spite of efforts to displace nomadic residents through by-laws such as the Mitcham Common Act of 1891. In the words of Smith and Greenfields, the urban area of Mitcham became a district whereGypsies had moved into the small terraced houses that were known locally as 'Redskin Village' (in reference to the dark colouring of its inhabitants) by the 1920s. According to Montague, by the 1930s the area had become one of the most disreputable and notorious in the district and was 'associated in the public mind with some of the worst slums in the emerging township' (Montague, 2006, p 113).At 7am on March 30, 1933, an explosion took place at the W.J. Bush & Co essential oils distillery adjacent to 'Redskin Village', killing a twelve-year-old boy and seriously injuring twenty-three others. According to the Merton Memories Photographic Archive, "the explosion brought this community ['Redskin Village'] to an end", although the distillery re-opened and continued operations until 1968, closing after 200 years in the same location. Images taken of the explosion provide early photographic documentation of an event involving an ethnic minority community in the UK affected by an industrial disaster.

Paragraph 4: Corio is a "working class" suburb, adjacent to and incorporating industrial estates - with 22.4% of its employed residents of age 15 years and over nominating 'Labourer' as their chosen occupation (compared to 9.5% in the whole of Australia). Numbers occupied as Technicians and Trades Workers, Machinery Operators, and Drivers are also higher than the national average. According to the 2006 census, the largest employer type was "Motor Vehicle" and "Motor Vehicle Part Manufacturing". As such, the 2016 closure of the Ford plant, a long-term employer, will reduce employment opportunities in the future. In the 2016 Census 3.5% of employed people worked in Supermarket and Grocery Stores. Other major industries of employment included Takeaway Food Services 3.3%, Hospitals (except Psychiatric Hospitals) 3.3%, Road Freight Transport 3.0% and Aged Care Residential Services 2.9%.  In 2013, 2.3% of mortgages in Corio had become delinquent, up from 1.5% in September 2012, and is amongst the highest numbers of all suburbs in Victoria. Reports have attributed this rate to job cuts at Alcoa, Ford, and Target that year. Historically speaking, Ford Motor Company had its plant in full production by August 1926, producing 36,000 T-models over the next two years of work. During World War II, Ford manufactured military vehicles and all manner of craft & weaponry. It then concentrated its post-war goals on engine manufacturing for the Ford Falcon model (produced at Broadmeadows).

Paragraph 5: Bacchus was a member of the High Level Advisory Panel to the President of the Conference of Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change from 2014 to 2016. He has served as Chairman of the Commission on Trade and Investment Policy of the Paris-based International Chamber of Commerce since 2012. He has been a “B20” business adviser to the “G20” heads of state on the international economy, since 2014. He served as Chair of the Global Agenda Council on Governance for Sustainability of the Davos-based World Economic Forum from 2012 to 2014. He was a member of the Global Future Council on Trade and Foreign Direct Investment of the World Economic Forum from 2011 to 2012 and since 2014. He was a member of the Board of Directors of the “E15” Initiative and chair of the global expert group on trade and climate change for the Geneva-based International Center for Trade and Sustainable Development from 2014 to 2015. He has been a member of the Bretton Woods Committee since 1995, and elected life member of the Council on Foreign Relations since 1995. He has been a member of the list of arbitration chairpersons under the CARIFORUM Economic Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Caribbean CARIFORUM states since 2016.

Paragraph 6: After the 1983 general election, Cockfield became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. In this role he had no specific departmental responsibilities, so he effectively became an advisor and a sort of one-man think-tank to the Prime Minister. Lord Cockfield resigned from the cabinet in September 1984 to join the European Commission as commissioner for Internal Market, Tax Law and Customs under Jacques Delors, and a vice-president of the first Delors Commission. He was expected to follow Thatcher's eurosceptic line, but became a driving force in laying the groundwork for the creation of the Single European Market in 1992. Only a few months after he arrived in Brussels, he produced a mammoth white paper listing 300 barriers to trade, with a timetable for them to be abolished. He was not selected to serve a second term, and was replaced by Leon Brittan.

Paragraph 7: Björk worked with producers Arca and the Haxan Cloak on her ninth studio album, titled Vulnicura. On 18 January 2015, just days after being publicly announced, and two months ahead of its scheduled release, a supposed full version of the album leaked online. In an effort to salvage potential losses in sales due to the leak and to allow fans to hear the album in superior quality, it was made available worldwide on 20 January 2015 on iTunes. Vulnicura is a portrayal of her breakup with former partner, Matthew Barney with lyrics that are emotionally raw in comparison to the abstract concerns of her previous album. Its surprise release was positively compared to recent album releases from Madonna and Beyoncé, the former of whom also released her album to iTunes after being leaked, and the latter of whom wanted to revolutionize how albums were released and consumed. Björk began her world tour in March 2015 at Carnegie Hall performing "Black Lake" and other tracks from Vulnicura as well as several from her back catalog with accompaniment from the ensemble Alarm Will Sound, Arca on electronics (on festival dates the Haxan Cloak took over) and percussionist Manu Delago. After completing its New York residency, the tour travelled to Europe before ending in August 2015.New York's MoMA hosted a retrospective exhibition from 8 March – 7 June 2015 that chronicled Björk's career from Debut to Biophilia; however, aspects of Vulnicura were included as well but not previously announced. The retrospective consisted of 4 parts: the Biophilia instruments (Tesla coil, MIDI controlled organ, the newly created Gameleste, and gravity harp) were on display in the lobby of the museum and played automatically throughout the day, the MoMA commissioned video installation, "Black Lake", directed by Andrew Thomas Huang, which consisted of 2 complementary edits of the "Black Lake" video screened in a small room with 49 speakers hidden in the walls and ceiling, a Cinema room showcasing most of Björk's music videos, newly transferred in high definition, and the Songlines walking exhibit which showcased Björk's notebooks, costumes and props from throughout her career. A book entitled Björk: Archives, documenting the content of the exhibition, was published in March. In addition to the "Black Lake" video, videos for "Lionsong" (which played in the Cinema room of the MoMA exhibit), "Stonemilker" (a 360-degree VR video) "Family", and "Mouth Mantra" were also produced for the album, as well as a three part remix series available digitally and on limited edition vinyls. No traditional singles were released for Vulnicura. In December, the "Stonemilker VR App" was released for iOS devices, featuring an exclusive strings mix of the song. It is the same version on display at MoMA earlier that year.

Paragraph 8: The Philippines is home to numerous heritage towns and cities, many of which have been intentionally destroyed by the Japanese through fire tactics in World War II and the Americans through bombings during the same war. After the war, the government of the Empire of Japan withheld from giving funds to the Philippines for the restoration of the heritage towns they destroyed, effectively destroying any chances of restoration since the pre-war Philippines' economy was devastated and had limited monetary supply. On the other hand, the United States gave minimal funding for only two of the hundreds of cities they destroyed, namely, Manila and Baguio. Today, only the centres (poblacion or downtown areas) of Filipino heritage towns and cities remain in most of the expansive heritage cities and towns in the country. Yet, some heritage cities in their former glory prior to the war still exist, such as the UNESCO city of Vigan which was the only heritage town saved from American bombing and Japanese fire and kamikaze tactics. The country currently lacks a city/town-singular architectural style law. Due to this, unaesthetic cement or shanty structures have taken over heritage buildings annually, destroying many former heritage townscapes. Some heritage buildings have been demolished or sold to corporations, and have been replaced by commercial structures such as shopping centers, condominium units, or newly-furnished modern-style buildings, completely destroying the old aesthetics of many former heritage towns and cities. Only the heritage city of Vigan has a town law that guarantees its singular architecture (the Vigan colonial style) shall always be used in constructions and reconstructions. While Silay, Iloilo City, and San Fernando de Pampanga have ordinances giving certain tax exemptions to owners of heritage houses. In 2010, the Philippine Cultural Heritage Act passed into law, effectively giving protection to all cultural heritage properties of the Philippines. However, despite its passage, many ancestral home owners continue to approve the demolition of ancestral structures.

Paragraph 9: After the 1983 general election, Cockfield became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. In this role he had no specific departmental responsibilities, so he effectively became an advisor and a sort of one-man think-tank to the Prime Minister. Lord Cockfield resigned from the cabinet in September 1984 to join the European Commission as commissioner for Internal Market, Tax Law and Customs under Jacques Delors, and a vice-president of the first Delors Commission. He was expected to follow Thatcher's eurosceptic line, but became a driving force in laying the groundwork for the creation of the Single European Market in 1992. Only a few months after he arrived in Brussels, he produced a mammoth white paper listing 300 barriers to trade, with a timetable for them to be abolished. He was not selected to serve a second term, and was replaced by Leon Brittan.

Paragraph 10: The original monoamine hypothesis postulates that depression is caused by a deficiency or imbalances in the monoamine neurotransmitters (5-HT, NE, and DA). This has been the central topic of depression research for approximately the last 50 years; it has since evolved into the notion that depression arises through alterations in target neurons (specifically, the dendrites) in monoamine pathways.<ref name="NHM-evolved monoamine hypothesis">{{cite book |vauthors=Malenka RC, Nestler EJ, Hyman SE |veditors=Sydor A, Brown RY | title = Molecular Neuropharmacology: A Foundation for Clinical Neuroscience | year = 2009 | publisher = McGraw-Hill Medical | location = New York | isbn = 9780071481274 | pages = 355–360 | edition = 2nd | chapter = Chapter 14:Neuropharmacology of Neural Systems and Disorders | quote= Pharmacologic observations such as these led to a simple hypothesis: depression is the result of inadequate monoamine neurotransmission, and clinically effective antidepressants work by increasing the availability of monoamines. Yet this hypothesis has failed to explain the observation that weeks of treatment with antidepressants are required before clinical efficacy becomes apparent, despite the fact that the inhibitory actions of these agents—whether in relation to reuptake or monoamine oxidase—are immediate. This delay in therapeutic effect eventually led investigators to theorize that long-term adaptations in brain function, rather than increases in synaptic norepinephrine and serotonin per se, most likely underlie the therapeutic effects of antidepressant drugs. Consequently, the focus of research on antidepressants has shifted from the study of their immediate effects to the investigation of effects that develop more slowly. The anatomic focus of research on antidepressants also has shifted. Although monoamine synapses are believed to be the immediate targets of antidepressant drugs, more attention is given to the target neurons of monoamines, where chronic alterations in monoaminergic inputs caused by antidepressant drugs presumably lead to long-lasting adaptations that underlie effective treatment of depression.' The identification of molecular and cellular adaptations that occur in response to antidepressants, and the location of the cells and circuits in which they occur, are the chief goals that guide current research. The work described toward the beginning of the chapter on mood-regulating circuits that involve the subgenual cingulate gyrus, for instance, represent a significant advance over a narrow focus on monoamine neuron function. ...The several weeks latency in onset of the therapeutic actions of antidepressants contributes to distress and clinical risk for those with severe depression. In the search for treatments of more rapid onset, great effort has gone into trying to understand the delay in efficacy of current antidepressants. All current ideas posit that antidepressant-induced increases in synaptic monoamine concentrations cause slowly accumulating adaptive changes in target neurons. Two broad classes of theories have emerged: (1) Changes in protein phosphorylation, gene expression, and protein translation occur in target neurons that ultimately alter synaptic structure or function in a way that relieves symptoms; and (2) antidepressant-induced neurogenesis in the hippocampus and the incorporation of those new neurons into functional circuits is a required step in the therapeutic response. Before considering specific hypotheses, however, it is important to discuss obstacles in relating research in animal models to human depression.}}</ref>

Paragraph 11: The Philippines is home to numerous heritage towns and cities, many of which have been intentionally destroyed by the Japanese through fire tactics in World War II and the Americans through bombings during the same war. After the war, the government of the Empire of Japan withheld from giving funds to the Philippines for the restoration of the heritage towns they destroyed, effectively destroying any chances of restoration since the pre-war Philippines' economy was devastated and had limited monetary supply. On the other hand, the United States gave minimal funding for only two of the hundreds of cities they destroyed, namely, Manila and Baguio. Today, only the centres (poblacion or downtown areas) of Filipino heritage towns and cities remain in most of the expansive heritage cities and towns in the country. Yet, some heritage cities in their former glory prior to the war still exist, such as the UNESCO city of Vigan which was the only heritage town saved from American bombing and Japanese fire and kamikaze tactics. The country currently lacks a city/town-singular architectural style law. Due to this, unaesthetic cement or shanty structures have taken over heritage buildings annually, destroying many former heritage townscapes. Some heritage buildings have been demolished or sold to corporations, and have been replaced by commercial structures such as shopping centers, condominium units, or newly-furnished modern-style buildings, completely destroying the old aesthetics of many former heritage towns and cities. Only the heritage city of Vigan has a town law that guarantees its singular architecture (the Vigan colonial style) shall always be used in constructions and reconstructions. While Silay, Iloilo City, and San Fernando de Pampanga have ordinances giving certain tax exemptions to owners of heritage houses. In 2010, the Philippine Cultural Heritage Act passed into law, effectively giving protection to all cultural heritage properties of the Philippines. However, despite its passage, many ancestral home owners continue to approve the demolition of ancestral structures.

Paragraph 12: There are several types of liners used in leachate control and collection. These types include geomembranes, geosynthetic clay liners, geotextiles, geogrids, geonets, and geocomposites. Each style of liner has specific uses and abilities. Geomembranes are used to provide a barrier between mobile polluting substances released from wastes and the groundwater. In the closing of landfills, geomembranes are used to provide a low-permeability cover barrier to prevent the intrusion of rain water. Geosynthetic clay liners (GCLs) are fabricated by distributing sodium bentonite in a uniform thickness between woven and non-woven geotextiles. Sodium bentonite has a low permeability, which makes GCLs a suitable alternative to clay liners in a composite liner system. Geotextiles are used as separation between two different types of soils to prevent contamination of the lower layer by the upper layer. Geotextiles also act as a cushion to protect synthetic layers against puncture from underlying and overlaying rocks. Geogrids are structural synthetic materials used in slope veneer stability to create stability for cover soils over synthetic liners or as soil reinforcement in steep slopes. Geonets are synthetic drainage materials that are often used in lieu of sand and gravel. Radz can take  of drainage sand, thus increasing the landfill space for waste. Geocomposites are a combination of synthetic materials that are ordinarily used singly. A common type of geocomposite is a geonet that is heat-bonded to two layers of geotextile, one on each side. The geocomposite serves as a filter and drainage medium.

Paragraph 13: The original monoamine hypothesis postulates that depression is caused by a deficiency or imbalances in the monoamine neurotransmitters (5-HT, NE, and DA). This has been the central topic of depression research for approximately the last 50 years; it has since evolved into the notion that depression arises through alterations in target neurons (specifically, the dendrites) in monoamine pathways.<ref name="NHM-evolved monoamine hypothesis">{{cite book |vauthors=Malenka RC, Nestler EJ, Hyman SE |veditors=Sydor A, Brown RY | title = Molecular Neuropharmacology: A Foundation for Clinical Neuroscience | year = 2009 | publisher = McGraw-Hill Medical | location = New York | isbn = 9780071481274 | pages = 355–360 | edition = 2nd | chapter = Chapter 14:Neuropharmacology of Neural Systems and Disorders | quote= Pharmacologic observations such as these led to a simple hypothesis: depression is the result of inadequate monoamine neurotransmission, and clinically effective antidepressants work by increasing the availability of monoamines. Yet this hypothesis has failed to explain the observation that weeks of treatment with antidepressants are required before clinical efficacy becomes apparent, despite the fact that the inhibitory actions of these agents—whether in relation to reuptake or monoamine oxidase—are immediate. This delay in therapeutic effect eventually led investigators to theorize that long-term adaptations in brain function, rather than increases in synaptic norepinephrine and serotonin per se, most likely underlie the therapeutic effects of antidepressant drugs. Consequently, the focus of research on antidepressants has shifted from the study of their immediate effects to the investigation of effects that develop more slowly. The anatomic focus of research on antidepressants also has shifted. Although monoamine synapses are believed to be the immediate targets of antidepressant drugs, more attention is given to the target neurons of monoamines, where chronic alterations in monoaminergic inputs caused by antidepressant drugs presumably lead to long-lasting adaptations that underlie effective treatment of depression.' The identification of molecular and cellular adaptations that occur in response to antidepressants, and the location of the cells and circuits in which they occur, are the chief goals that guide current research. The work described toward the beginning of the chapter on mood-regulating circuits that involve the subgenual cingulate gyrus, for instance, represent a significant advance over a narrow focus on monoamine neuron function. ...The several weeks latency in onset of the therapeutic actions of antidepressants contributes to distress and clinical risk for those with severe depression. In the search for treatments of more rapid onset, great effort has gone into trying to understand the delay in efficacy of current antidepressants. All current ideas posit that antidepressant-induced increases in synaptic monoamine concentrations cause slowly accumulating adaptive changes in target neurons. Two broad classes of theories have emerged: (1) Changes in protein phosphorylation, gene expression, and protein translation occur in target neurons that ultimately alter synaptic structure or function in a way that relieves symptoms; and (2) antidepressant-induced neurogenesis in the hippocampus and the incorporation of those new neurons into functional circuits is a required step in the therapeutic response. Before considering specific hypotheses, however, it is important to discuss obstacles in relating research in animal models to human depression.}}</ref>

Paragraph 14: After the 1983 general election, Cockfield became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. In this role he had no specific departmental responsibilities, so he effectively became an advisor and a sort of one-man think-tank to the Prime Minister. Lord Cockfield resigned from the cabinet in September 1984 to join the European Commission as commissioner for Internal Market, Tax Law and Customs under Jacques Delors, and a vice-president of the first Delors Commission. He was expected to follow Thatcher's eurosceptic line, but became a driving force in laying the groundwork for the creation of the Single European Market in 1992. Only a few months after he arrived in Brussels, he produced a mammoth white paper listing 300 barriers to trade, with a timetable for them to be abolished. He was not selected to serve a second term, and was replaced by Leon Brittan.

Paragraph 15: In the full lotus birth clinical protocol, the umbilical cord, which is attached to the baby's navel and placenta, is not clamped or cut. The baby is immediately placed on the mother's belly/chest (depending on the length of the cord) or kept in close proximity to the mother in cases when medically necessary procedures such as resuscitation may be needed. Lotus birth, after the placenta is born vaginally (often with the maternal informed choice for passive management of third stage allowing for natural detachment of the placenta within appropriate time allowed for it, with no hormonal injections such as oxytocin) or via cesarean section.

Paragraph 16: In 1979, the HSCA stated in its Final Report that Oswald – who had been living in New Orleans in the summer of 1963 – had established contact with anti-Castro Cubans and "apparently" with American anti-Castro activist Ferrie. The Committee also found "credible and significant" the testimony of six witnesses who placed Oswald and Ferrie in Clinton, Louisiana, in September 1963. One of the witnesses was Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) chairman Corrie Collins. Collins identified a photograph of Ferrie at the trial of Clay Shaw, saying, "but the most outstanding thing about him [Ferrie] was his eyebrows and his hair. They didn't seem real, in other words, they were unnatural, didn't seem as if they were real hair." A later release of witness statements taken by Garrison's investigators in 1967, unavailable to the HSCA, showed contradictions in the witnesses' testimony given in 1969 and 1978.  For example, Collins was shown a photo of Ferrie by Garrison investigator Andrew Sciambra in January 1968 and (in Sciambra's words) "said that he remembers seeing this man around Clinton somewhere but can't be sure where or when." Yet later at the Shaw trial, he placed Ferrie in the company of Shaw and Oswald.

Paragraph 17: Ismaïl "is made up of eyes, sideburns, and a dress", tied with rope to a badger and stumbling down Arionoaia Street. Protected from "legal responsibility" in the country ("a seed-bed at the bottom of a hole in Dobruja"), the creature raises an entire badger colony: some he eats raw, with lemon; the others, once they have turned sixteen, he rapes "without the smallest qualm of conscience." The seed-bed is where Ismaïl also interviews job applicants, received on the condition that they hatch him "four eggs each". The process is supported by his "chamberlain" Turnavitu, who exchanges love letters with the applicants. Ismaïl's actual residence is kept a secret, but it is presumed that he lives, sequestered from "the corruption of electoral mores", in an attic above the home of his grotesquely disfigured father, only to emerge in a ball gown for the yearly celebration of plaster. He then offers his body to the workers, in hopes of thus resolving "the labor issue". Whereas Ismaïl has once worked as an air fan for "dirty Greek coffee houses" in the Lipscani quarter, Turnavitu has a past in "politics": he was for long the government-appointed air fan at the fire precinct kitchen. Ismaïl has spared Turnavitu a life of near constant rotation, remunerating his services: the seed-bed interviews, the ritualized apologizes to the leashed badgers, the praise of Ismaïl's fashion sense, and the swabbing of canola over Ismaïl's gowns. Their relationship breaks down as Turnavitu, returning from the Balearic Islands in the form of a jerrycan, passes the common cold to Ismaïl's badgers. Sacked from his job, he contemplates suicide ("not before seeing to the extraction of four canines in his mouth"), and hurls himself into a pyre made up of Ismaïl's dresses; the patron falls into depression and "decrepitude", retreating to his seed-bed for the rest of his own life.

Paragraph 18: Björk worked with producers Arca and the Haxan Cloak on her ninth studio album, titled Vulnicura. On 18 January 2015, just days after being publicly announced, and two months ahead of its scheduled release, a supposed full version of the album leaked online. In an effort to salvage potential losses in sales due to the leak and to allow fans to hear the album in superior quality, it was made available worldwide on 20 January 2015 on iTunes. Vulnicura is a portrayal of her breakup with former partner, Matthew Barney with lyrics that are emotionally raw in comparison to the abstract concerns of her previous album. Its surprise release was positively compared to recent album releases from Madonna and Beyoncé, the former of whom also released her album to iTunes after being leaked, and the latter of whom wanted to revolutionize how albums were released and consumed. Björk began her world tour in March 2015 at Carnegie Hall performing "Black Lake" and other tracks from Vulnicura as well as several from her back catalog with accompaniment from the ensemble Alarm Will Sound, Arca on electronics (on festival dates the Haxan Cloak took over) and percussionist Manu Delago. After completing its New York residency, the tour travelled to Europe before ending in August 2015.New York's MoMA hosted a retrospective exhibition from 8 March – 7 June 2015 that chronicled Björk's career from Debut to Biophilia; however, aspects of Vulnicura were included as well but not previously announced. The retrospective consisted of 4 parts: the Biophilia instruments (Tesla coil, MIDI controlled organ, the newly created Gameleste, and gravity harp) were on display in the lobby of the museum and played automatically throughout the day, the MoMA commissioned video installation, "Black Lake", directed by Andrew Thomas Huang, which consisted of 2 complementary edits of the "Black Lake" video screened in a small room with 49 speakers hidden in the walls and ceiling, a Cinema room showcasing most of Björk's music videos, newly transferred in high definition, and the Songlines walking exhibit which showcased Björk's notebooks, costumes and props from throughout her career. A book entitled Björk: Archives, documenting the content of the exhibition, was published in March. In addition to the "Black Lake" video, videos for "Lionsong" (which played in the Cinema room of the MoMA exhibit), "Stonemilker" (a 360-degree VR video) "Family", and "Mouth Mantra" were also produced for the album, as well as a three part remix series available digitally and on limited edition vinyls. No traditional singles were released for Vulnicura. In December, the "Stonemilker VR App" was released for iOS devices, featuring an exclusive strings mix of the song. It is the same version on display at MoMA earlier that year.

Paragraph 19: In the full lotus birth clinical protocol, the umbilical cord, which is attached to the baby's navel and placenta, is not clamped or cut. The baby is immediately placed on the mother's belly/chest (depending on the length of the cord) or kept in close proximity to the mother in cases when medically necessary procedures such as resuscitation may be needed. Lotus birth, after the placenta is born vaginally (often with the maternal informed choice for passive management of third stage allowing for natural detachment of the placenta within appropriate time allowed for it, with no hormonal injections such as oxytocin) or via cesarean section.

Paragraph 20: Corio is a "working class" suburb, adjacent to and incorporating industrial estates - with 22.4% of its employed residents of age 15 years and over nominating 'Labourer' as their chosen occupation (compared to 9.5% in the whole of Australia). Numbers occupied as Technicians and Trades Workers, Machinery Operators, and Drivers are also higher than the national average. According to the 2006 census, the largest employer type was "Motor Vehicle" and "Motor Vehicle Part Manufacturing". As such, the 2016 closure of the Ford plant, a long-term employer, will reduce employment opportunities in the future. In the 2016 Census 3.5% of employed people worked in Supermarket and Grocery Stores. Other major industries of employment included Takeaway Food Services 3.3%, Hospitals (except Psychiatric Hospitals) 3.3%, Road Freight Transport 3.0% and Aged Care Residential Services 2.9%.  In 2013, 2.3% of mortgages in Corio had become delinquent, up from 1.5% in September 2012, and is amongst the highest numbers of all suburbs in Victoria. Reports have attributed this rate to job cuts at Alcoa, Ford, and Target that year. Historically speaking, Ford Motor Company had its plant in full production by August 1926, producing 36,000 T-models over the next two years of work. During World War II, Ford manufactured military vehicles and all manner of craft & weaponry. It then concentrated its post-war goals on engine manufacturing for the Ford Falcon model (produced at Broadmeadows).

Paragraph 21: Corio is a "working class" suburb, adjacent to and incorporating industrial estates - with 22.4% of its employed residents of age 15 years and over nominating 'Labourer' as their chosen occupation (compared to 9.5% in the whole of Australia). Numbers occupied as Technicians and Trades Workers, Machinery Operators, and Drivers are also higher than the national average. According to the 2006 census, the largest employer type was "Motor Vehicle" and "Motor Vehicle Part Manufacturing". As such, the 2016 closure of the Ford plant, a long-term employer, will reduce employment opportunities in the future. In the 2016 Census 3.5% of employed people worked in Supermarket and Grocery Stores. Other major industries of employment included Takeaway Food Services 3.3%, Hospitals (except Psychiatric Hospitals) 3.3%, Road Freight Transport 3.0% and Aged Care Residential Services 2.9%.  In 2013, 2.3% of mortgages in Corio had become delinquent, up from 1.5% in September 2012, and is amongst the highest numbers of all suburbs in Victoria. Reports have attributed this rate to job cuts at Alcoa, Ford, and Target that year. Historically speaking, Ford Motor Company had its plant in full production by August 1926, producing 36,000 T-models over the next two years of work. During World War II, Ford manufactured military vehicles and all manner of craft & weaponry. It then concentrated its post-war goals on engine manufacturing for the Ford Falcon model (produced at Broadmeadows).

Paragraph 22: 5) The Dukes of the Kingdom are a group of aristocratic dignitaries having regard for the affairs of the Kingdom affairs and who guarantee external security for the Chief analogous to the power of the "Mkam Bvuh'" and the "Kwi-Pou". The most important personality of this aristocratic group is the "Wafo" or "NgWafo". This is the third person of the Kingdom with the rank of Crown Prince in the King's lineage. This is the most influential brother of the king, a son of the late King who had the same legitimate claim to the throne but was not made king. As a full brother of the King he is under the protection of the Queen-mother or "Ma Mefo". He watches over the safety of the King but from the outside of the chiefdom. The "Wafo" is like a duke invested with personal territory in the Duchy that was assigned to him by the late King during his lifetime when the Wafo was a Prince. The most prestigious Wafo who left a lasting mark on the history of the Kingdom was His Princely Highness Foualeng Georges, the youngest son of King Fotso II and the Great Queen Mother Ma Manewa. His elder brother King Fo Kamga II had one of the most prestigious and longest reigns in the history of the Kingdom of Bandjoun. Known as "Ta Wafo Foualeng Georges", he deployed his Princely Magistracy in one of the most iconic area of the Kingdom: Famleng. This county is located in the heart of the Duchy of Djie-Se. It is the historic seat when the Kingdom was founded in the 16th century by King Notchwegom. Ta Wafo Foualeng had almost as many wives and children as his brother King Kamga II. Highly influential and feared by the Notables and by all the nobility of the kingdom he was, like any good Wafo, the external security for the King. He shone in his decisions and trade-offs and was the most reliable means of communication between the King and his subjects in the Kingdom and also with neighbouring kingdoms because he could intercede effectively without the shackles which notables had in control of a party. In some important cases some notables came to meet the Wafo to convince him of their view because they were well aware that the king would consult him before making his decision.

Paragraph 23: In section 28, Tacitus reports the tale of a group of men who had been recruited in Germania and how they mutinied against the Romans and had various adventures before being captured and sold into slavery (Tac. Ag. 28). In what follows, we are told of the background to the battle of Mons Graupius, including the death of Agricola's son (Tac. Ag. 29). Tacitus then reports a long pre-battle speech by one of the leaders of the Britons, called Calgacus (Tac. Ag. 30–32). Following this, Tacitus reports Agricola's own speech (Tac. Ag. 33–34). In what follows, Tacitus describes the course of the battle itself and its immediate aftermath, stating that only nightfall stopped the Romans’ pursuit (Tac. Ag. 35–38). Tacitus then reports how the news of Agricola's success in Britannia was received by the emperor Domitian, and Domitian's alleged jealousy of Agricola's military prowess (Tac. Ag. 40–41). Tacitus discusses how Domitian had sent confidants to discover Agricola's intentions in regards to becoming a proconsul of either Asia or Africa, and Domitian's temperament (Tac. Ag. 42). Tacitus, in discussing the end of Agricola's life, says that rumours were voiced in Rome that Agricola was poisoned on the Emperor's orders and that his death was lamented by many (Tac. Ag. 43). After reporting Agricola's death, Tacitus summarizes the circumstances of his birth and his character throughout his life (Tac. Ag. 44). In the final two sections, Tacitus addresses his departed father-in-law directly, honouring him and vowing that Agricola will live on through the story he has told of him (Tac. Ag. 45–46).

Paragraph 24: The original monoamine hypothesis postulates that depression is caused by a deficiency or imbalances in the monoamine neurotransmitters (5-HT, NE, and DA). This has been the central topic of depression research for approximately the last 50 years; it has since evolved into the notion that depression arises through alterations in target neurons (specifically, the dendrites) in monoamine pathways.<ref name="NHM-evolved monoamine hypothesis">{{cite book |vauthors=Malenka RC, Nestler EJ, Hyman SE |veditors=Sydor A, Brown RY | title = Molecular Neuropharmacology: A Foundation for Clinical Neuroscience | year = 2009 | publisher = McGraw-Hill Medical | location = New York | isbn = 9780071481274 | pages = 355–360 | edition = 2nd | chapter = Chapter 14:Neuropharmacology of Neural Systems and Disorders | quote= Pharmacologic observations such as these led to a simple hypothesis: depression is the result of inadequate monoamine neurotransmission, and clinically effective antidepressants work by increasing the availability of monoamines. Yet this hypothesis has failed to explain the observation that weeks of treatment with antidepressants are required before clinical efficacy becomes apparent, despite the fact that the inhibitory actions of these agents—whether in relation to reuptake or monoamine oxidase—are immediate. This delay in therapeutic effect eventually led investigators to theorize that long-term adaptations in brain function, rather than increases in synaptic norepinephrine and serotonin per se, most likely underlie the therapeutic effects of antidepressant drugs. Consequently, the focus of research on antidepressants has shifted from the study of their immediate effects to the investigation of effects that develop more slowly. The anatomic focus of research on antidepressants also has shifted. Although monoamine synapses are believed to be the immediate targets of antidepressant drugs, more attention is given to the target neurons of monoamines, where chronic alterations in monoaminergic inputs caused by antidepressant drugs presumably lead to long-lasting adaptations that underlie effective treatment of depression.' The identification of molecular and cellular adaptations that occur in response to antidepressants, and the location of the cells and circuits in which they occur, are the chief goals that guide current research. The work described toward the beginning of the chapter on mood-regulating circuits that involve the subgenual cingulate gyrus, for instance, represent a significant advance over a narrow focus on monoamine neuron function. ...The several weeks latency in onset of the therapeutic actions of antidepressants contributes to distress and clinical risk for those with severe depression. In the search for treatments of more rapid onset, great effort has gone into trying to understand the delay in efficacy of current antidepressants. All current ideas posit that antidepressant-induced increases in synaptic monoamine concentrations cause slowly accumulating adaptive changes in target neurons. Two broad classes of theories have emerged: (1) Changes in protein phosphorylation, gene expression, and protein translation occur in target neurons that ultimately alter synaptic structure or function in a way that relieves symptoms; and (2) antidepressant-induced neurogenesis in the hippocampus and the incorporation of those new neurons into functional circuits is a required step in the therapeutic response. Before considering specific hypotheses, however, it is important to discuss obstacles in relating research in animal models to human depression.}}</ref>

Paragraph 25: Björk worked with producers Arca and the Haxan Cloak on her ninth studio album, titled Vulnicura. On 18 January 2015, just days after being publicly announced, and two months ahead of its scheduled release, a supposed full version of the album leaked online. In an effort to salvage potential losses in sales due to the leak and to allow fans to hear the album in superior quality, it was made available worldwide on 20 January 2015 on iTunes. Vulnicura is a portrayal of her breakup with former partner, Matthew Barney with lyrics that are emotionally raw in comparison to the abstract concerns of her previous album. Its surprise release was positively compared to recent album releases from Madonna and Beyoncé, the former of whom also released her album to iTunes after being leaked, and the latter of whom wanted to revolutionize how albums were released and consumed. Björk began her world tour in March 2015 at Carnegie Hall performing "Black Lake" and other tracks from Vulnicura as well as several from her back catalog with accompaniment from the ensemble Alarm Will Sound, Arca on electronics (on festival dates the Haxan Cloak took over) and percussionist Manu Delago. After completing its New York residency, the tour travelled to Europe before ending in August 2015.New York's MoMA hosted a retrospective exhibition from 8 March – 7 June 2015 that chronicled Björk's career from Debut to Biophilia; however, aspects of Vulnicura were included as well but not previously announced. The retrospective consisted of 4 parts: the Biophilia instruments (Tesla coil, MIDI controlled organ, the newly created Gameleste, and gravity harp) were on display in the lobby of the museum and played automatically throughout the day, the MoMA commissioned video installation, "Black Lake", directed by Andrew Thomas Huang, which consisted of 2 complementary edits of the "Black Lake" video screened in a small room with 49 speakers hidden in the walls and ceiling, a Cinema room showcasing most of Björk's music videos, newly transferred in high definition, and the Songlines walking exhibit which showcased Björk's notebooks, costumes and props from throughout her career. A book entitled Björk: Archives, documenting the content of the exhibition, was published in March. In addition to the "Black Lake" video, videos for "Lionsong" (which played in the Cinema room of the MoMA exhibit), "Stonemilker" (a 360-degree VR video) "Family", and "Mouth Mantra" were also produced for the album, as well as a three part remix series available digitally and on limited edition vinyls. No traditional singles were released for Vulnicura. In December, the "Stonemilker VR App" was released for iOS devices, featuring an exclusive strings mix of the song. It is the same version on display at MoMA earlier that year.

Paragraph 26: Ismaïl "is made up of eyes, sideburns, and a dress", tied with rope to a badger and stumbling down Arionoaia Street. Protected from "legal responsibility" in the country ("a seed-bed at the bottom of a hole in Dobruja"), the creature raises an entire badger colony: some he eats raw, with lemon; the others, once they have turned sixteen, he rapes "without the smallest qualm of conscience." The seed-bed is where Ismaïl also interviews job applicants, received on the condition that they hatch him "four eggs each". The process is supported by his "chamberlain" Turnavitu, who exchanges love letters with the applicants. Ismaïl's actual residence is kept a secret, but it is presumed that he lives, sequestered from "the corruption of electoral mores", in an attic above the home of his grotesquely disfigured father, only to emerge in a ball gown for the yearly celebration of plaster. He then offers his body to the workers, in hopes of thus resolving "the labor issue". Whereas Ismaïl has once worked as an air fan for "dirty Greek coffee houses" in the Lipscani quarter, Turnavitu has a past in "politics": he was for long the government-appointed air fan at the fire precinct kitchen. Ismaïl has spared Turnavitu a life of near constant rotation, remunerating his services: the seed-bed interviews, the ritualized apologizes to the leashed badgers, the praise of Ismaïl's fashion sense, and the swabbing of canola over Ismaïl's gowns. Their relationship breaks down as Turnavitu, returning from the Balearic Islands in the form of a jerrycan, passes the common cold to Ismaïl's badgers. Sacked from his job, he contemplates suicide ("not before seeing to the extraction of four canines in his mouth"), and hurls himself into a pyre made up of Ismaïl's dresses; the patron falls into depression and "decrepitude", retreating to his seed-bed for the rest of his own life.

Paragraph 27: Wilhelm Lee Friedell graduated from the United States Naval Academy with the class of 1905. He then served aboard the  for his mandatory two years of service at sea, and was commissioned as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy in 1907. Still aboard the Kentucky, Friedell took part in the Second Occupation of Cuba and in 1908 he took part in the voyage of the Great White Fleet. He was transferred to the  where he served in the South China Sea as part of the Yangtze Patrol. Friedell took command of the  January 1910 and continued the Yangtze Patrol until October 1911. He then became a Navigator aboard the . While serving aboard the New Orleans he led a landing party at Nanking during the 1911 Revolution to protect the American Consulate. He was then assigned to the Naval Academy as an instructor from March 1912 until April 1914. He then assumed command of the First Division, Submarine Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet aboard the . He held this command from June 1914 until September 1916. He then took command of the ; his command continued throughout World War I in European waters. Following the war, Friedell led the Submarine Repair Division at the Philadelphia Navy Yard before returning to Annapolis as an instructor. He was then assigned to the  as her Executive Officer, a position he held from June 1921 until the following spring. He then assumed command of the submarine tender  and the Submarine Division 12. From 1923 until 1926, he again returned to Annapolis as an instructor. From 1926 until 1928 he commanded Submarine Division 11. In 1929 Friedell completed a senior course and the Naval War College and became Head of the Department of Electric Engineering at Annapolis until the summer of 1931. In February 1936 he took command of the . While in command in 1937, he aided in the search for Amelia Earhart after her plane went missing. In November 1940 he took command of the Submarine Force, U.S. Fleet until January 1941. He served as the Commandant of Mare Island Naval Shipyard from early 1941 until 1944 when he took command of the Eleventh Naval District  and Naval Base San Diego. He retired in 1946 as a Rear Admiral. Admiral Friedell died January 27, 1958, at Naval Medical Center San Diego and was Buried at Rosecrans National Cemetery, San Diego, California.

Paragraph 28: In section 28, Tacitus reports the tale of a group of men who had been recruited in Germania and how they mutinied against the Romans and had various adventures before being captured and sold into slavery (Tac. Ag. 28). In what follows, we are told of the background to the battle of Mons Graupius, including the death of Agricola's son (Tac. Ag. 29). Tacitus then reports a long pre-battle speech by one of the leaders of the Britons, called Calgacus (Tac. Ag. 30–32). Following this, Tacitus reports Agricola's own speech (Tac. Ag. 33–34). In what follows, Tacitus describes the course of the battle itself and its immediate aftermath, stating that only nightfall stopped the Romans’ pursuit (Tac. Ag. 35–38). Tacitus then reports how the news of Agricola's success in Britannia was received by the emperor Domitian, and Domitian's alleged jealousy of Agricola's military prowess (Tac. Ag. 40–41). Tacitus discusses how Domitian had sent confidants to discover Agricola's intentions in regards to becoming a proconsul of either Asia or Africa, and Domitian's temperament (Tac. Ag. 42). Tacitus, in discussing the end of Agricola's life, says that rumours were voiced in Rome that Agricola was poisoned on the Emperor's orders and that his death was lamented by many (Tac. Ag. 43). After reporting Agricola's death, Tacitus summarizes the circumstances of his birth and his character throughout his life (Tac. Ag. 44). In the final two sections, Tacitus addresses his departed father-in-law directly, honouring him and vowing that Agricola will live on through the story he has told of him (Tac. Ag. 45–46).

Paragraph 29: Corio is a "working class" suburb, adjacent to and incorporating industrial estates - with 22.4% of its employed residents of age 15 years and over nominating 'Labourer' as their chosen occupation (compared to 9.5% in the whole of Australia). Numbers occupied as Technicians and Trades Workers, Machinery Operators, and Drivers are also higher than the national average. According to the 2006 census, the largest employer type was "Motor Vehicle" and "Motor Vehicle Part Manufacturing". As such, the 2016 closure of the Ford plant, a long-term employer, will reduce employment opportunities in the future. In the 2016 Census 3.5% of employed people worked in Supermarket and Grocery Stores. Other major industries of employment included Takeaway Food Services 3.3%, Hospitals (except Psychiatric Hospitals) 3.3%, Road Freight Transport 3.0% and Aged Care Residential Services 2.9%.  In 2013, 2.3% of mortgages in Corio had become delinquent, up from 1.5% in September 2012, and is amongst the highest numbers of all suburbs in Victoria. Reports have attributed this rate to job cuts at Alcoa, Ford, and Target that year. Historically speaking, Ford Motor Company had its plant in full production by August 1926, producing 36,000 T-models over the next two years of work. During World War II, Ford manufactured military vehicles and all manner of craft & weaponry. It then concentrated its post-war goals on engine manufacturing for the Ford Falcon model (produced at Broadmeadows).

Paragraph 30: There are several types of liners used in leachate control and collection. These types include geomembranes, geosynthetic clay liners, geotextiles, geogrids, geonets, and geocomposites. Each style of liner has specific uses and abilities. Geomembranes are used to provide a barrier between mobile polluting substances released from wastes and the groundwater. In the closing of landfills, geomembranes are used to provide a low-permeability cover barrier to prevent the intrusion of rain water. Geosynthetic clay liners (GCLs) are fabricated by distributing sodium bentonite in a uniform thickness between woven and non-woven geotextiles. Sodium bentonite has a low permeability, which makes GCLs a suitable alternative to clay liners in a composite liner system. Geotextiles are used as separation between two different types of soils to prevent contamination of the lower layer by the upper layer. Geotextiles also act as a cushion to protect synthetic layers against puncture from underlying and overlaying rocks. Geogrids are structural synthetic materials used in slope veneer stability to create stability for cover soils over synthetic liners or as soil reinforcement in steep slopes. Geonets are synthetic drainage materials that are often used in lieu of sand and gravel. Radz can take  of drainage sand, thus increasing the landfill space for waste. Geocomposites are a combination of synthetic materials that are ordinarily used singly. A common type of geocomposite is a geonet that is heat-bonded to two layers of geotextile, one on each side. The geocomposite serves as a filter and drainage medium.

Paragraph 31: On May 2, 2012, WJAR partnered with Cox Communications to launch Ocean State Networks (OSN). This channel replaces NewsChannel 5 (formerly the Rhode Island News Channel), operated by Cox and WLNE-TV from November 30, 1998 until February 1, 2012, when WJAR programming first appeared on the channel. OSN airs rebroadcasts of WJAR's newscasts throughout the day and night, as well as its lifestyle show Studio 10, Special Olympics R.I. and its longtime public affairs program, 10 News Conference. Prior to 2017, it also aired Cox Sports programming, including live local high school and collegiate sports events with teams featured on OSN including the Pawtucket Red Sox, Providence Friars, Rhode Island Rams, and the Rhode Island Interscholastic League. However, since 2017 with the launch of YurView New England, which is available next to OSN itself on Cox Cable channel 4 and in high-definition on channel 1004, most (if not all) sporting events have since been moved over to the former and more rebroadcasts of WJAR's newscasts have been shown on OSN since then. The channel is exclusively available to Cox Cable subscribers on channel 5 and in high-definition on channel 1005. As a result of the launch of OSN back in 2012, Cox Sports (channels 3 and HD 1003) was removed from the lineup, with all programming being moved to OSN until 2017.

Paragraph 32: Mitcham had long been one of the poorest parishes in Surrey and records of Gypsies camping in the area date back to the 1700s. Between the mid-19th and early 20th centuries the area declined in respectability as several landowning families departed and its population grew significantly as outward migration from London increased the population of poor and displaced residents (Smith, 2005, p 67). Of these, Gypsies and itinerants formed a significant minority: the 1881 census records 230 Gypsies and vagrants camping on Mitcham Common ... [Mitcham] contained an abundance of market gardens which provided regular seasonal employment with the locality becoming an important site for industry in the early to mid-20th century, particularly the 'dirty industries' such as paint making, chemical works and bone boiling, which had been expelled from inner London by the 1845 Health Act. The importance of Gypsy labour to the area's industry in this period is revealed by Montague, who notes that ... when Purdom's [paint and varnish] factory was originally established production had been seasonal, taking place mainly in the winter months when Gypsy and other casual labour employed on the physic gardens during the rest of the year was available at very low rates. (Montague, 2006, p 79)By 1909, over 190 vans were documented as being situated at Mitcham Common, along with numerous others at sites nearby, in spite of efforts to displace nomadic residents through by-laws such as the Mitcham Common Act of 1891. In the words of Smith and Greenfields, the urban area of Mitcham became a district whereGypsies had moved into the small terraced houses that were known locally as 'Redskin Village' (in reference to the dark colouring of its inhabitants) by the 1920s. According to Montague, by the 1930s the area had become one of the most disreputable and notorious in the district and was 'associated in the public mind with some of the worst slums in the emerging township' (Montague, 2006, p 113).At 7am on March 30, 1933, an explosion took place at the W.J. Bush & Co essential oils distillery adjacent to 'Redskin Village', killing a twelve-year-old boy and seriously injuring twenty-three others. According to the Merton Memories Photographic Archive, "the explosion brought this community ['Redskin Village'] to an end", although the distillery re-opened and continued operations until 1968, closing after 200 years in the same location. Images taken of the explosion provide early photographic documentation of an event involving an ethnic minority community in the UK affected by an industrial disaster.

Paragraph 33: On May 2, 2012, WJAR partnered with Cox Communications to launch Ocean State Networks (OSN). This channel replaces NewsChannel 5 (formerly the Rhode Island News Channel), operated by Cox and WLNE-TV from November 30, 1998 until February 1, 2012, when WJAR programming first appeared on the channel. OSN airs rebroadcasts of WJAR's newscasts throughout the day and night, as well as its lifestyle show Studio 10, Special Olympics R.I. and its longtime public affairs program, 10 News Conference. Prior to 2017, it also aired Cox Sports programming, including live local high school and collegiate sports events with teams featured on OSN including the Pawtucket Red Sox, Providence Friars, Rhode Island Rams, and the Rhode Island Interscholastic League. However, since 2017 with the launch of YurView New England, which is available next to OSN itself on Cox Cable channel 4 and in high-definition on channel 1004, most (if not all) sporting events have since been moved over to the former and more rebroadcasts of WJAR's newscasts have been shown on OSN since then. The channel is exclusively available to Cox Cable subscribers on channel 5 and in high-definition on channel 1005. As a result of the launch of OSN back in 2012, Cox Sports (channels 3 and HD 1003) was removed from the lineup, with all programming being moved to OSN until 2017.

Paragraph 34: Wilhelm Lee Friedell graduated from the United States Naval Academy with the class of 1905. He then served aboard the  for his mandatory two years of service at sea, and was commissioned as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy in 1907. Still aboard the Kentucky, Friedell took part in the Second Occupation of Cuba and in 1908 he took part in the voyage of the Great White Fleet. He was transferred to the  where he served in the South China Sea as part of the Yangtze Patrol. Friedell took command of the  January 1910 and continued the Yangtze Patrol until October 1911. He then became a Navigator aboard the . While serving aboard the New Orleans he led a landing party at Nanking during the 1911 Revolution to protect the American Consulate. He was then assigned to the Naval Academy as an instructor from March 1912 until April 1914. He then assumed command of the First Division, Submarine Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet aboard the . He held this command from June 1914 until September 1916. He then took command of the ; his command continued throughout World War I in European waters. Following the war, Friedell led the Submarine Repair Division at the Philadelphia Navy Yard before returning to Annapolis as an instructor. He was then assigned to the  as her Executive Officer, a position he held from June 1921 until the following spring. He then assumed command of the submarine tender  and the Submarine Division 12. From 1923 until 1926, he again returned to Annapolis as an instructor. From 1926 until 1928 he commanded Submarine Division 11. In 1929 Friedell completed a senior course and the Naval War College and became Head of the Department of Electric Engineering at Annapolis until the summer of 1931. In February 1936 he took command of the . While in command in 1937, he aided in the search for Amelia Earhart after her plane went missing. In November 1940 he took command of the Submarine Force, U.S. Fleet until January 1941. He served as the Commandant of Mare Island Naval Shipyard from early 1941 until 1944 when he took command of the Eleventh Naval District  and Naval Base San Diego. He retired in 1946 as a Rear Admiral. Admiral Friedell died January 27, 1958, at Naval Medical Center San Diego and was Buried at Rosecrans National Cemetery, San Diego, California.

Paragraph 35: Corio is a "working class" suburb, adjacent to and incorporating industrial estates - with 22.4% of its employed residents of age 15 years and over nominating 'Labourer' as their chosen occupation (compared to 9.5% in the whole of Australia). Numbers occupied as Technicians and Trades Workers, Machinery Operators, and Drivers are also higher than the national average. According to the 2006 census, the largest employer type was "Motor Vehicle" and "Motor Vehicle Part Manufacturing". As such, the 2016 closure of the Ford plant, a long-term employer, will reduce employment opportunities in the future. In the 2016 Census 3.5% of employed people worked in Supermarket and Grocery Stores. Other major industries of employment included Takeaway Food Services 3.3%, Hospitals (except Psychiatric Hospitals) 3.3%, Road Freight Transport 3.0% and Aged Care Residential Services 2.9%.  In 2013, 2.3% of mortgages in Corio had become delinquent, up from 1.5% in September 2012, and is amongst the highest numbers of all suburbs in Victoria. Reports have attributed this rate to job cuts at Alcoa, Ford, and Target that year. Historically speaking, Ford Motor Company had its plant in full production by August 1926, producing 36,000 T-models over the next two years of work. During World War II, Ford manufactured military vehicles and all manner of craft & weaponry. It then concentrated its post-war goals on engine manufacturing for the Ford Falcon model (produced at Broadmeadows).