Paragraph 1: The Cotati originated on Hala in the Pama star system in the Large Magellanic Cloud, the same planet as the warlike humanoid Kree race. Despite their aggressive nature, the Kree ignored the Cotati because they believed that all plants were beneath their notice. Approximately one million Earth years ago, Hala was visited by a starship from the Skrull empire (at that time, the Skrulls were a benevolent race). The Skrulls wished to include Hala in their empire and offered its inhabitants their knowledge and technology in exchange for their loyalty and Hala's resources. To avoid any dissension regarding which of the two races would represent Hala to them, the Skrulls proposed a test of worthiness in which equal numbers of Kree and Cotati would be taken to different uninhabited worlds and left there with complete supplies for one year. At the end of that period, whichever group had done the most with themselves would be adjudged the most worthy. Both races agreed to these terms and the Skrulls transported 17 Cotati to a barren moon in an unspecified solar system. The Skrulls then transported 17 Kree to Earth's Moon and provided them with an artificial atmosphere and rudimentary technology. The Kree used their time to build a gargantuan city. The Skrulls who came to retrieve the Kree were extremely impressed and the Kree felt confident that they would be victorious. However, upon returning to Hala, the Kree contestants were informed by their fellows that the other Skrulls (those who had retrieved the Cotati) were more impressed by their transformation of their barren moon into a park full of plant life. Enraged, the Kree decided to try and win by destroying their competitors. They quickly exterminated all of the Cotati, when the Kree informed the Skrulls of how they had solved the problem of Hala's representation to them. The outraged Skrulls reacted by promising to reject Hala forever, said Kree barbarians slaughtered the Skrull delegation as well and seized their starship and all of its tremendously advanced technology for themselves, to which they would use to arm for war against the Skrulls eons later.

Paragraph 2: In March 624, Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan. The Muslims set an ambush for the Meccans at Badr. Aware of the plan, the Meccan caravan eluded the Muslims. Meanwhile, a force from Mecca was sent to protect the caravan. The force did not return home upon hearing that the caravan was safe. The battle of Badr began in March 624. Though outnumbered more than three to one, the Muslims won the battle, killing at least forty-five Meccans and taking seventy prisoners for ransom; only fourteen Muslims died. They had also succeeded in killing many of the Meccan leaders, including Abu Jahl. Muhammad himself did not fight, directing the battle from a nearby hut alongside Abu Bakr. In the weeks following the battle, Meccans visited Medina in order to ransom captives from Badr. Many of these had belonged to wealthy families, and were likely ransomed for a considerable sum. Those captives who were not sufficiently influential or wealthy were usually freed without ransom. Muhammad's decision was that those prisoners who refused to end their persecution of Muslims and were wealthy but did not ransom themselves should be killed. Muhammad ordered the immediate execution of two Quraysh men without entertaining offers for their release. Both men, which included Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt, had personally attempted to kill Muhammad in Mecca. The raiders had won a lot of treasure, and the battle helped to stabilize the Medinan community. Muhammad and his followers saw in the victory a confirmation of their faith and a prime importance in the affairs of Medina. Those remaining pagans in Medina were very bitter about the advance of Islam. In particular Asma bint Marwan and Abu 'Afak had composed verses insulting some of the Muslims and thereby violated the Constitution of Medina to which they belonged. These two were assassinated and Muhammad did not disapprove of it. No one dared to take vengeance on them, and some of the members of the clan of Asma bint Marwan who had previously converted to Islam in secret, now professed openly. This marked an end to the overt opposition to Muhammad among the pagans in Medina.

Paragraph 3: Calyceraceae are perennial or annual herbs. There may be a few or many branched stems that may be without hair or with soft silky hairs. The leaves may be in a rosette at the base of the stems or set alternately along the stems. Stipules are lacking. The leafblade is simple, but may be lobed to pinnatisect. The margin of the leaves may be entire or toothed. The inflorescences are flowerheads comparable to those in the sunflower family. They are at the top of the stems or opposite leaves, and may have a flowerstem or be seated, while each flowerhead may be on its own or in a cyme. Each individual flowerhead is surrounded by an involucre, consisting of one or two rows of bracts that are often leaf-like and usually not merged. The base of the flowerhead may be conical, convex or sometimes almost spheroidal. On the base of the flowerhead, at the base of each individual flower, are linear to narrowly lanceolate, green, chaffy scales (or paleae) that become woody when seeds are ripening. Each flowerhead may contain a few or up to over one hundred hermaphrodite or unisexual, star-symmetric or mirror-symmetric flowers. The petals are fused to form a funnel-shaped or sometimes cylinder-shaped corolla that is split into four to six lobes at the top. The corolla's remains stay on the top of the one-seeded dry fruit at maturity. Four or five stamens alternate with the corolla lobes. The lower third of these filaments are fused with the corolla tube, while sometimes filaments may also be attached to their neighbors. Filaments carry nectaries. The anthers stand upright, with pollen freed from a slit at the top. The style is thread-like without hairs, sticking out above the corolla tube, while the stigma at its tip is club-shaped or split in two. The ovary consists of two carpels with only one ovule, which is pendulous and anatropous. The fruit is an achene, with a persistent calyx which may consists of spines, contains one seed that is only enclosed by a thin pericarp and has fleshy endosperm. The sepals may be free or fused calyx lobes, sometimes spine-like and woody on the outside. Fruits may be dispersed separately when ripe or can remain on the floral base that breaks free of the plant.

Paragraph 4: One of the major activities of the Naval Base Guadalcanal was the support of the building of the airbase Henderson Field.  The first aircraft landed on Henderson Field on August 12, 1942. Naval Base Guadalcanal also supported the many troops on Guadalcanal and staging for coming actions. The seas off Naval Base Guadalcanal, Savo Sound, were nicknamed Ironbottom Sound due to the many ships and planes sunk off Guadalcanal, in the battle, codenamed Operation Watchtower. On 28 July 1942, the US Navy and US Marine did a practice amphibious landing at Naval Base Fiji's Koro Island. This landing was to prepare the troops for the upcoming landings at Guadalcanal, the Troop's first major offensive of the War. From the rehearsal, lessons were learned that helped at Guadalcanal. On 31 July 1942, the Troops departed Fiji for the invasion of Guadalcanal. The invasion of Guadalcanal being the first did not have the later advancements in amphibious warfare like the landing ships: Landing Ship, Tanks or Landing craft tanks. Supplies were taken from cargo holds of ships and loaded onto small landing craft, then taken to the landing beaches and hand unloaded. Empire of Japan had built a base at Tulagi, a smaller island just to the north of Guadalcanal. The US Naval repaired and improved the base after it was captured. The Guadalcanal base were given the code names Bevy and Cactus, later renamed Mainyard. The codename Ringbolt was used for the attacks that took Florida Islands, Tulagi, Gavutu, and Tanambogo Islands. One of the reasons Guadalcanal was selected for amphibious landing, was on 20 June 1942 the US found Japan had begun building an airbase near Lungga Point. An airbase on Guadalcanal could attack the sea route from the United States to the US Naval Bases in Australia. The US putting an airbase on Guadalcanal could both protect the shipping lanes and put a check-attacks on Japan's large base at Rabaul in the northern Solomon Islands. Both the US troops and Japan's troops suffered from a lack of supplies during the Guadalcanal campaign. The US Naval would learn from the operation and improved the supply train to the fighting troops in the island hoping campaign.  The 6th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on August 10 from Naval Station Norfolk by way of Naval Base Espiritu Santo, 13 days after the first United States Marine Corps had landed. The Seabee found an incomplete 3,800-foot runway Japan's troops had started. The Seabees added 1,300-feet to the runway and paved it in Marston mat, due to the poor soil and rain. Work was stopped a few time due to bombing raids, sniping fire and shelling. When these had slowed down the Seabees were able to move out of foxholes and built a camp for the airfield and the Seabees. Seabees also built, a power station, a freshwater system for the camp and mess hall. For supplies, cargo ships unloaded into Higgins boats, tank lighters and pontoon barges, these were unloaded at the beach. Later, three timber piers were built at the beach for unloading.  A pier was also built at Lung Lagoon and was named Jennings landing in honor of Chief Ship fitter Jennings. Roads, bridges, and later fuel tank farms were built. The 6th Naval Construction Battalion was relieved by Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 26 on 5 January 1943. The 6th departed on the USS Hunter Liggett for R&R at Auckland in New Zealand. At Auckland the 6th did work on the camp at Victoria Park and at a US Navy Mobile Hospital there. The 6th departed Auckland to work at Naval Base Noumea 12 March 1943. The Construction Battalion 26 continued improving the base at Guadalcanal and built: gun mounts and emplacements, tunnels, 6,000 feet of railroad, multiple docks, over 35 miles of primary roadway, 10 bridges and two radio stations with 150-foot transmitter towers. Construction Battalion 26 departed 2 March 1944.  The 58th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on 12 December 1944. The 58th Naval Construction Battalion worked on the Solomons' Vella Lavella Island and Russell Island, and departed 11 March 1945. THe 14th Naval Construction Battalion worked at Guadalcanal from 4 November 1942 to 9 November 1943.  Naval Base at Guadalcanal Fleet Post Office (FPO#) was 145.

Paragraph 5: In March 624, Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan. The Muslims set an ambush for the Meccans at Badr. Aware of the plan, the Meccan caravan eluded the Muslims. Meanwhile, a force from Mecca was sent to protect the caravan. The force did not return home upon hearing that the caravan was safe. The battle of Badr began in March 624. Though outnumbered more than three to one, the Muslims won the battle, killing at least forty-five Meccans and taking seventy prisoners for ransom; only fourteen Muslims died. They had also succeeded in killing many of the Meccan leaders, including Abu Jahl. Muhammad himself did not fight, directing the battle from a nearby hut alongside Abu Bakr. In the weeks following the battle, Meccans visited Medina in order to ransom captives from Badr. Many of these had belonged to wealthy families, and were likely ransomed for a considerable sum. Those captives who were not sufficiently influential or wealthy were usually freed without ransom. Muhammad's decision was that those prisoners who refused to end their persecution of Muslims and were wealthy but did not ransom themselves should be killed. Muhammad ordered the immediate execution of two Quraysh men without entertaining offers for their release. Both men, which included Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt, had personally attempted to kill Muhammad in Mecca. The raiders had won a lot of treasure, and the battle helped to stabilize the Medinan community. Muhammad and his followers saw in the victory a confirmation of their faith and a prime importance in the affairs of Medina. Those remaining pagans in Medina were very bitter about the advance of Islam. In particular Asma bint Marwan and Abu 'Afak had composed verses insulting some of the Muslims and thereby violated the Constitution of Medina to which they belonged. These two were assassinated and Muhammad did not disapprove of it. No one dared to take vengeance on them, and some of the members of the clan of Asma bint Marwan who had previously converted to Islam in secret, now professed openly. This marked an end to the overt opposition to Muhammad among the pagans in Medina.

Paragraph 6: Rudge was sacked in January 1999 and though club legend Brian Horton kept the club up that season, relegation followed in the year 2000. He led the club to another Football League Trophy title in 2001 and steadied the ship following a period of administration but quit with the Vale in the play-offs of the third tier in February 2004. Another club legend, Martin Foyle, spent the next three years as manager before departing by mutual consent in September 2007. Lee Sinnott came in two months later, the first time in 28 years someone was appointed who had not previously played or coached at the club. Vale were relegated at the end of the 2007–08 season and manager Dean Glover was given the job initially on a caretaker basis in September 2008. Glover fared poorly however and was sacked at the end of the 2008–09 season. Micky Adams took charge in June 2009, the first experienced manager since Horton. He left Vale in the promotion places to manage boyhood club Sheffield United in December 2010, but a disastrous ten week spell under Jim Gannon ended all hopes of promotion, with Gannon overseeing the shortest reign in the club's history. Adams returned for a second spell in May 2011 and despite the club again entering administration he took the team to promotion out of League Two at the end of the 2012–13 season. He resigned in September 2014 and his assistant, Rob Page, then had close to two seasons in charge with moderate success. Club chairman Norman Smurthwaite then opted for a Continental revolution and appointed Portuguese coach Bruno Ribeiro in June 2016, the first manager born outside of Britain to manage the club on a permanent basis. Ribeiro struggled and his assistant Michael Brown took over after six months. Brown failed to keep the club out of the relegation zone by the end of the 2016–17 season and was sacked in September 2017. Smurthwaite turned to club legend Neil Aspin, who narrowly kept the club in the Football League before resigning in January 2019. John Askey, son of yet another club legend Colin Askey, took charge in February 2019. The club's current manager, Darrell Clarke, was appointed in February 2021. Andy Crosby became the "acting manager" after Clarke entered a three month period of bereavement leave in February 2022. Clarke returned to lead Vale to promotion with a 3–0 victory over Mansfield Town in the League Two play-off final three months later.

Paragraph 7: Calyceraceae are perennial or annual herbs. There may be a few or many branched stems that may be without hair or with soft silky hairs. The leaves may be in a rosette at the base of the stems or set alternately along the stems. Stipules are lacking. The leafblade is simple, but may be lobed to pinnatisect. The margin of the leaves may be entire or toothed. The inflorescences are flowerheads comparable to those in the sunflower family. They are at the top of the stems or opposite leaves, and may have a flowerstem or be seated, while each flowerhead may be on its own or in a cyme. Each individual flowerhead is surrounded by an involucre, consisting of one or two rows of bracts that are often leaf-like and usually not merged. The base of the flowerhead may be conical, convex or sometimes almost spheroidal. On the base of the flowerhead, at the base of each individual flower, are linear to narrowly lanceolate, green, chaffy scales (or paleae) that become woody when seeds are ripening. Each flowerhead may contain a few or up to over one hundred hermaphrodite or unisexual, star-symmetric or mirror-symmetric flowers. The petals are fused to form a funnel-shaped or sometimes cylinder-shaped corolla that is split into four to six lobes at the top. The corolla's remains stay on the top of the one-seeded dry fruit at maturity. Four or five stamens alternate with the corolla lobes. The lower third of these filaments are fused with the corolla tube, while sometimes filaments may also be attached to their neighbors. Filaments carry nectaries. The anthers stand upright, with pollen freed from a slit at the top. The style is thread-like without hairs, sticking out above the corolla tube, while the stigma at its tip is club-shaped or split in two. The ovary consists of two carpels with only one ovule, which is pendulous and anatropous. The fruit is an achene, with a persistent calyx which may consists of spines, contains one seed that is only enclosed by a thin pericarp and has fleshy endosperm. The sepals may be free or fused calyx lobes, sometimes spine-like and woody on the outside. Fruits may be dispersed separately when ripe or can remain on the floral base that breaks free of the plant.

Paragraph 8: Particularly noticeable in this period was the escalation of the fight in West Kabul between the Shi'a Hezb-i Wahdat forces supported by Iran and those of the Wahhabist Ittehad-e Islami militia supported by Saudi Arabia. Hezb-i Wahdat was somewhat nervous about the presence of Ittehad-e Islami posts, which were deployed in Hazara areas such as Rahman Baba High school. According to the writings of Nabi Azimi, who at the time was a high ranking governor, the fighting began on 31 May 1992 when 4 members of Hezb-i Wahdat's leadership were assassinated near the Kabul Silo. Those killed were Karimi, Sayyid Isma'il Hosseini, Chaman Ali Abuzar and Vaseegh, the first 3 being members of the party's central committee. Following this the car of Haji Shir Alam, a top Ittehad-e Islami commander was stopped near Pol-e Sorkh, and although Alem escaped, one of the passengers was killed. On 3 June 1992, heavy fighting between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul. Both sides used rockets, killing and injuring civilians. On 4 June, interviews with Hazara households state that Ittehad-e Islami forces looted their houses in Kohte-e Sangi, killing 6 civilians. The gun battles at this time had a death toll of over 100 according to some sources. On 5 June 1992, further conflict between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul was reported. Here, both sides used heavy artillery, destroying houses and other civilian structures. Three schools were reported destroyed by bombardment. The bombardment killed and injured an unknown number of civilians. Gunmen were reported killing people in shops near the Kabul Zoo. On 24 June 1992 the Jamhuriat hospital located near the Interior Ministry was bombed and closed. Jamiat-e Islami and Shura-e Nazar sometimes joined the conflict when their positions came under attack by Hezb-i Wahdat forces and in June/July bombarded Hezb-i Wahdat positions in return. Harakat forces also sometimes joined the fight.

Paragraph 9: In February 2014, it was announced that the Gathering would be moving from its home at Cave-in-Rock to a family Campground in Kaiser, Missouri. However, several local citizens vigorously protested the Gathering being held in this location and the event had to be moved once more. It was reported by Insane Clown Posse themselves that locals had started a petition to keep the Gathering out of their area and flooded the owners of the campground with angry phone calls. Finally, a self-professed Juggalo referred to as Steve (who had previously been to the Gathering himself) contacted Psychopathic Records and offered the 120-acre Legend Valley as a place to host the event. Legend Valley (located in Thornville, Ohio) was officially chosen as the Gathering's venue for 2014. In a statement by Psychopathic Records in the February 28, 2014 edition of the Hatchet Herald, it was said that "Mere hours after the news begin spreading that Kaiser, Missouri would not welcome the Juggalo Family, we began receiving phone calls and emails from interested land owners and promoters who wanted to help ensure that the Gathering of the Juggalos found a home. One of the calls we got was from a down-ass ninja named Steve who owns the Legend Valley. [...] Steve has actually been to the Gathering of the Juggalos before and is not buying into the media's portrayal of what the Gathering is because he has been there. He has expressed to us that he is super down to host the Gathering this year and has always found Juggalos to be cool ass people. He also believes in our fight alongside the ACLU to have Juggalos removed from the FBI gang list, which is still on the list as a "loosely organized hybrid gang" because their sorry ass case was thrown out of court in 2014. In other words, he has our backs and is the perfect ninja we needed to ensure an awesome, trouble-free Gathering this year."

Paragraph 10: The Cotati originated on Hala in the Pama star system in the Large Magellanic Cloud, the same planet as the warlike humanoid Kree race. Despite their aggressive nature, the Kree ignored the Cotati because they believed that all plants were beneath their notice. Approximately one million Earth years ago, Hala was visited by a starship from the Skrull empire (at that time, the Skrulls were a benevolent race). The Skrulls wished to include Hala in their empire and offered its inhabitants their knowledge and technology in exchange for their loyalty and Hala's resources. To avoid any dissension regarding which of the two races would represent Hala to them, the Skrulls proposed a test of worthiness in which equal numbers of Kree and Cotati would be taken to different uninhabited worlds and left there with complete supplies for one year. At the end of that period, whichever group had done the most with themselves would be adjudged the most worthy. Both races agreed to these terms and the Skrulls transported 17 Cotati to a barren moon in an unspecified solar system. The Skrulls then transported 17 Kree to Earth's Moon and provided them with an artificial atmosphere and rudimentary technology. The Kree used their time to build a gargantuan city. The Skrulls who came to retrieve the Kree were extremely impressed and the Kree felt confident that they would be victorious. However, upon returning to Hala, the Kree contestants were informed by their fellows that the other Skrulls (those who had retrieved the Cotati) were more impressed by their transformation of their barren moon into a park full of plant life. Enraged, the Kree decided to try and win by destroying their competitors. They quickly exterminated all of the Cotati, when the Kree informed the Skrulls of how they had solved the problem of Hala's representation to them. The outraged Skrulls reacted by promising to reject Hala forever, said Kree barbarians slaughtered the Skrull delegation as well and seized their starship and all of its tremendously advanced technology for themselves, to which they would use to arm for war against the Skrulls eons later.

Paragraph 11: The Cotati originated on Hala in the Pama star system in the Large Magellanic Cloud, the same planet as the warlike humanoid Kree race. Despite their aggressive nature, the Kree ignored the Cotati because they believed that all plants were beneath their notice. Approximately one million Earth years ago, Hala was visited by a starship from the Skrull empire (at that time, the Skrulls were a benevolent race). The Skrulls wished to include Hala in their empire and offered its inhabitants their knowledge and technology in exchange for their loyalty and Hala's resources. To avoid any dissension regarding which of the two races would represent Hala to them, the Skrulls proposed a test of worthiness in which equal numbers of Kree and Cotati would be taken to different uninhabited worlds and left there with complete supplies for one year. At the end of that period, whichever group had done the most with themselves would be adjudged the most worthy. Both races agreed to these terms and the Skrulls transported 17 Cotati to a barren moon in an unspecified solar system. The Skrulls then transported 17 Kree to Earth's Moon and provided them with an artificial atmosphere and rudimentary technology. The Kree used their time to build a gargantuan city. The Skrulls who came to retrieve the Kree were extremely impressed and the Kree felt confident that they would be victorious. However, upon returning to Hala, the Kree contestants were informed by their fellows that the other Skrulls (those who had retrieved the Cotati) were more impressed by their transformation of their barren moon into a park full of plant life. Enraged, the Kree decided to try and win by destroying their competitors. They quickly exterminated all of the Cotati, when the Kree informed the Skrulls of how they had solved the problem of Hala's representation to them. The outraged Skrulls reacted by promising to reject Hala forever, said Kree barbarians slaughtered the Skrull delegation as well and seized their starship and all of its tremendously advanced technology for themselves, to which they would use to arm for war against the Skrulls eons later.

Paragraph 12: Particularly noticeable in this period was the escalation of the fight in West Kabul between the Shi'a Hezb-i Wahdat forces supported by Iran and those of the Wahhabist Ittehad-e Islami militia supported by Saudi Arabia. Hezb-i Wahdat was somewhat nervous about the presence of Ittehad-e Islami posts, which were deployed in Hazara areas such as Rahman Baba High school. According to the writings of Nabi Azimi, who at the time was a high ranking governor, the fighting began on 31 May 1992 when 4 members of Hezb-i Wahdat's leadership were assassinated near the Kabul Silo. Those killed were Karimi, Sayyid Isma'il Hosseini, Chaman Ali Abuzar and Vaseegh, the first 3 being members of the party's central committee. Following this the car of Haji Shir Alam, a top Ittehad-e Islami commander was stopped near Pol-e Sorkh, and although Alem escaped, one of the passengers was killed. On 3 June 1992, heavy fighting between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul. Both sides used rockets, killing and injuring civilians. On 4 June, interviews with Hazara households state that Ittehad-e Islami forces looted their houses in Kohte-e Sangi, killing 6 civilians. The gun battles at this time had a death toll of over 100 according to some sources. On 5 June 1992, further conflict between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul was reported. Here, both sides used heavy artillery, destroying houses and other civilian structures. Three schools were reported destroyed by bombardment. The bombardment killed and injured an unknown number of civilians. Gunmen were reported killing people in shops near the Kabul Zoo. On 24 June 1992 the Jamhuriat hospital located near the Interior Ministry was bombed and closed. Jamiat-e Islami and Shura-e Nazar sometimes joined the conflict when their positions came under attack by Hezb-i Wahdat forces and in June/July bombarded Hezb-i Wahdat positions in return. Harakat forces also sometimes joined the fight.

Paragraph 13: One of the major activities of the Naval Base Guadalcanal was the support of the building of the airbase Henderson Field.  The first aircraft landed on Henderson Field on August 12, 1942. Naval Base Guadalcanal also supported the many troops on Guadalcanal and staging for coming actions. The seas off Naval Base Guadalcanal, Savo Sound, were nicknamed Ironbottom Sound due to the many ships and planes sunk off Guadalcanal, in the battle, codenamed Operation Watchtower. On 28 July 1942, the US Navy and US Marine did a practice amphibious landing at Naval Base Fiji's Koro Island. This landing was to prepare the troops for the upcoming landings at Guadalcanal, the Troop's first major offensive of the War. From the rehearsal, lessons were learned that helped at Guadalcanal. On 31 July 1942, the Troops departed Fiji for the invasion of Guadalcanal. The invasion of Guadalcanal being the first did not have the later advancements in amphibious warfare like the landing ships: Landing Ship, Tanks or Landing craft tanks. Supplies were taken from cargo holds of ships and loaded onto small landing craft, then taken to the landing beaches and hand unloaded. Empire of Japan had built a base at Tulagi, a smaller island just to the north of Guadalcanal. The US Naval repaired and improved the base after it was captured. The Guadalcanal base were given the code names Bevy and Cactus, later renamed Mainyard. The codename Ringbolt was used for the attacks that took Florida Islands, Tulagi, Gavutu, and Tanambogo Islands. One of the reasons Guadalcanal was selected for amphibious landing, was on 20 June 1942 the US found Japan had begun building an airbase near Lungga Point. An airbase on Guadalcanal could attack the sea route from the United States to the US Naval Bases in Australia. The US putting an airbase on Guadalcanal could both protect the shipping lanes and put a check-attacks on Japan's large base at Rabaul in the northern Solomon Islands. Both the US troops and Japan's troops suffered from a lack of supplies during the Guadalcanal campaign. The US Naval would learn from the operation and improved the supply train to the fighting troops in the island hoping campaign.  The 6th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on August 10 from Naval Station Norfolk by way of Naval Base Espiritu Santo, 13 days after the first United States Marine Corps had landed. The Seabee found an incomplete 3,800-foot runway Japan's troops had started. The Seabees added 1,300-feet to the runway and paved it in Marston mat, due to the poor soil and rain. Work was stopped a few time due to bombing raids, sniping fire and shelling. When these had slowed down the Seabees were able to move out of foxholes and built a camp for the airfield and the Seabees. Seabees also built, a power station, a freshwater system for the camp and mess hall. For supplies, cargo ships unloaded into Higgins boats, tank lighters and pontoon barges, these were unloaded at the beach. Later, three timber piers were built at the beach for unloading.  A pier was also built at Lung Lagoon and was named Jennings landing in honor of Chief Ship fitter Jennings. Roads, bridges, and later fuel tank farms were built. The 6th Naval Construction Battalion was relieved by Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 26 on 5 January 1943. The 6th departed on the USS Hunter Liggett for R&R at Auckland in New Zealand. At Auckland the 6th did work on the camp at Victoria Park and at a US Navy Mobile Hospital there. The 6th departed Auckland to work at Naval Base Noumea 12 March 1943. The Construction Battalion 26 continued improving the base at Guadalcanal and built: gun mounts and emplacements, tunnels, 6,000 feet of railroad, multiple docks, over 35 miles of primary roadway, 10 bridges and two radio stations with 150-foot transmitter towers. Construction Battalion 26 departed 2 March 1944.  The 58th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on 12 December 1944. The 58th Naval Construction Battalion worked on the Solomons' Vella Lavella Island and Russell Island, and departed 11 March 1945. THe 14th Naval Construction Battalion worked at Guadalcanal from 4 November 1942 to 9 November 1943.  Naval Base at Guadalcanal Fleet Post Office (FPO#) was 145.

Paragraph 14: Rudge was sacked in January 1999 and though club legend Brian Horton kept the club up that season, relegation followed in the year 2000. He led the club to another Football League Trophy title in 2001 and steadied the ship following a period of administration but quit with the Vale in the play-offs of the third tier in February 2004. Another club legend, Martin Foyle, spent the next three years as manager before departing by mutual consent in September 2007. Lee Sinnott came in two months later, the first time in 28 years someone was appointed who had not previously played or coached at the club. Vale were relegated at the end of the 2007–08 season and manager Dean Glover was given the job initially on a caretaker basis in September 2008. Glover fared poorly however and was sacked at the end of the 2008–09 season. Micky Adams took charge in June 2009, the first experienced manager since Horton. He left Vale in the promotion places to manage boyhood club Sheffield United in December 2010, but a disastrous ten week spell under Jim Gannon ended all hopes of promotion, with Gannon overseeing the shortest reign in the club's history. Adams returned for a second spell in May 2011 and despite the club again entering administration he took the team to promotion out of League Two at the end of the 2012–13 season. He resigned in September 2014 and his assistant, Rob Page, then had close to two seasons in charge with moderate success. Club chairman Norman Smurthwaite then opted for a Continental revolution and appointed Portuguese coach Bruno Ribeiro in June 2016, the first manager born outside of Britain to manage the club on a permanent basis. Ribeiro struggled and his assistant Michael Brown took over after six months. Brown failed to keep the club out of the relegation zone by the end of the 2016–17 season and was sacked in September 2017. Smurthwaite turned to club legend Neil Aspin, who narrowly kept the club in the Football League before resigning in January 2019. John Askey, son of yet another club legend Colin Askey, took charge in February 2019. The club's current manager, Darrell Clarke, was appointed in February 2021. Andy Crosby became the "acting manager" after Clarke entered a three month period of bereavement leave in February 2022. Clarke returned to lead Vale to promotion with a 3–0 victory over Mansfield Town in the League Two play-off final three months later.

Paragraph 15: Particularly noticeable in this period was the escalation of the fight in West Kabul between the Shi'a Hezb-i Wahdat forces supported by Iran and those of the Wahhabist Ittehad-e Islami militia supported by Saudi Arabia. Hezb-i Wahdat was somewhat nervous about the presence of Ittehad-e Islami posts, which were deployed in Hazara areas such as Rahman Baba High school. According to the writings of Nabi Azimi, who at the time was a high ranking governor, the fighting began on 31 May 1992 when 4 members of Hezb-i Wahdat's leadership were assassinated near the Kabul Silo. Those killed were Karimi, Sayyid Isma'il Hosseini, Chaman Ali Abuzar and Vaseegh, the first 3 being members of the party's central committee. Following this the car of Haji Shir Alam, a top Ittehad-e Islami commander was stopped near Pol-e Sorkh, and although Alem escaped, one of the passengers was killed. On 3 June 1992, heavy fighting between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul. Both sides used rockets, killing and injuring civilians. On 4 June, interviews with Hazara households state that Ittehad-e Islami forces looted their houses in Kohte-e Sangi, killing 6 civilians. The gun battles at this time had a death toll of over 100 according to some sources. On 5 June 1992, further conflict between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul was reported. Here, both sides used heavy artillery, destroying houses and other civilian structures. Three schools were reported destroyed by bombardment. The bombardment killed and injured an unknown number of civilians. Gunmen were reported killing people in shops near the Kabul Zoo. On 24 June 1992 the Jamhuriat hospital located near the Interior Ministry was bombed and closed. Jamiat-e Islami and Shura-e Nazar sometimes joined the conflict when their positions came under attack by Hezb-i Wahdat forces and in June/July bombarded Hezb-i Wahdat positions in return. Harakat forces also sometimes joined the fight.

Paragraph 16: Calyceraceae are perennial or annual herbs. There may be a few or many branched stems that may be without hair or with soft silky hairs. The leaves may be in a rosette at the base of the stems or set alternately along the stems. Stipules are lacking. The leafblade is simple, but may be lobed to pinnatisect. The margin of the leaves may be entire or toothed. The inflorescences are flowerheads comparable to those in the sunflower family. They are at the top of the stems or opposite leaves, and may have a flowerstem or be seated, while each flowerhead may be on its own or in a cyme. Each individual flowerhead is surrounded by an involucre, consisting of one or two rows of bracts that are often leaf-like and usually not merged. The base of the flowerhead may be conical, convex or sometimes almost spheroidal. On the base of the flowerhead, at the base of each individual flower, are linear to narrowly lanceolate, green, chaffy scales (or paleae) that become woody when seeds are ripening. Each flowerhead may contain a few or up to over one hundred hermaphrodite or unisexual, star-symmetric or mirror-symmetric flowers. The petals are fused to form a funnel-shaped or sometimes cylinder-shaped corolla that is split into four to six lobes at the top. The corolla's remains stay on the top of the one-seeded dry fruit at maturity. Four or five stamens alternate with the corolla lobes. The lower third of these filaments are fused with the corolla tube, while sometimes filaments may also be attached to their neighbors. Filaments carry nectaries. The anthers stand upright, with pollen freed from a slit at the top. The style is thread-like without hairs, sticking out above the corolla tube, while the stigma at its tip is club-shaped or split in two. The ovary consists of two carpels with only one ovule, which is pendulous and anatropous. The fruit is an achene, with a persistent calyx which may consists of spines, contains one seed that is only enclosed by a thin pericarp and has fleshy endosperm. The sepals may be free or fused calyx lobes, sometimes spine-like and woody on the outside. Fruits may be dispersed separately when ripe or can remain on the floral base that breaks free of the plant.

Paragraph 17: In 1983, Costa joined the NSW Railways and started work as a trainee engineman, but never progressed to a driver, and became active in the Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Enginemen (AFULE). At the time the AFULE had a militant leadership who began a series of strikes over differences with the Australian Railways Union, whereby brake vans were removed from goods trains, and the guards were given locomotive jobs. Preferential treatment of the guards was seen by many as a reward for not striking over the loss of their jobs in brake vans. This led to Costa running against the incumbent leadership of the union in the AFULE's elections which Costa won convincingly.   In 1989, Costa was elected as an organiser with the Labor Council of New South Wales. In 1998, he was elected as Secretary of the Labor Council. He was the first Secretary to be of a non-English-speaking background.

Paragraph 18: Initially placed in the hands of Sydney Harbour Foreshore Authority, the Barangaroo Delivery Authority was established pursuant to the Barangaroo Delivery Authority Act, 2009 No 2 to facilitate a high quality commercial and mixed use precinct at Barangaroo balancing social, economic and environment outcomes, including the establishment of a headland park and other public domains; amongst other objectives. Supporting the Authority is a Design Excellence Review Panel that comprised Paul Keating (Chairman from 2005 until 2011), Chris Johnson, Bridget Smyth, Oi Choong, James Weirick, Angelo Candalepas, and Leo Schofield (resigned 2011). The role of the Panel was to guide the government authority on a range of design issues, such as architecture, landscape and culture. Commissioned initially in 2005, the Panel was instrumental in the selection of Hill Thalis Architecture as the winning the international design competition in 2006. The winning team was commissioned to assist the Government in developing the design during the latter part of 2006. There was early debate regarding the design and size of waterfront developments. The City of Sydney and some architectural bodies expressed concern that the proposed designs would be out of scale with the surrounding environment, as well as causing large unwanted shadows over the immediate area, parts of Darling Harbour and possibly nearby Pyrmont.A concept plan was released by the Government in 2007 and a year later announced that it had shortlisted consortia led by Brookfield Multiplex, Lendlease and Mirvac. In 2009, to assist with the economic viability of the project, the Government announced that the amount of commercial office space would increase by one third, allowing an additional  from the initial concept plan for the 6 billion development. In late 2009, after a further shortlisting process, the Government announced that it would not to proceed with Hill Thalis' winning design, choosing instead a consortium that included lead architect Lord Rogers and developer, Lendlease, who controversially proposed a  tall hotel to be constructed  into Darling Harbour, as well as parkland and commercial offices. When plans were put on public display during 2010 it was claimed that the development exceeded planning height and footprint limits. Following public outcry at changes to the original Concept Plan, community-based organisations such as the Friends of Barangaroo, Australians for Sustainable Development and the Barangaroo Action Group formed, colloquially referring to the precinct as "the Greedy Mile". In March 2010, the Government and Lendlease entered into provisional contracts for the development of the site, subject to Ministerial approval which was given in May 2010. Concerned about the lack of transparency, in September 2010 Clover Moore, who was both Lord Mayor of the City of Sydney and Member for Sydney in the state parliament, resigned as a director of the Barangaroo Delivery Authority.

Paragraph 19: In March 624, Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan. The Muslims set an ambush for the Meccans at Badr. Aware of the plan, the Meccan caravan eluded the Muslims. Meanwhile, a force from Mecca was sent to protect the caravan. The force did not return home upon hearing that the caravan was safe. The battle of Badr began in March 624. Though outnumbered more than three to one, the Muslims won the battle, killing at least forty-five Meccans and taking seventy prisoners for ransom; only fourteen Muslims died. They had also succeeded in killing many of the Meccan leaders, including Abu Jahl. Muhammad himself did not fight, directing the battle from a nearby hut alongside Abu Bakr. In the weeks following the battle, Meccans visited Medina in order to ransom captives from Badr. Many of these had belonged to wealthy families, and were likely ransomed for a considerable sum. Those captives who were not sufficiently influential or wealthy were usually freed without ransom. Muhammad's decision was that those prisoners who refused to end their persecution of Muslims and were wealthy but did not ransom themselves should be killed. Muhammad ordered the immediate execution of two Quraysh men without entertaining offers for their release. Both men, which included Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt, had personally attempted to kill Muhammad in Mecca. The raiders had won a lot of treasure, and the battle helped to stabilize the Medinan community. Muhammad and his followers saw in the victory a confirmation of their faith and a prime importance in the affairs of Medina. Those remaining pagans in Medina were very bitter about the advance of Islam. In particular Asma bint Marwan and Abu 'Afak had composed verses insulting some of the Muslims and thereby violated the Constitution of Medina to which they belonged. These two were assassinated and Muhammad did not disapprove of it. No one dared to take vengeance on them, and some of the members of the clan of Asma bint Marwan who had previously converted to Islam in secret, now professed openly. This marked an end to the overt opposition to Muhammad among the pagans in Medina.

Paragraph 20: When Shannon is eight, her father marries Sabrina Carlyle (Lindsay Frost), and she spends much of her adolescence with her stepbrother Boone. She studies ballet and, as she gets older, teaches dance classes to young girls. When she is eighteen, Shannon's father dies in a car crash. He did not have a will prepared, so all of his money and property goes to his wife. Sabrina refuses to help Shannon financially, despite Shannon winning a prestigious yet non-paying internship to the Martha Graham Dance Company in New York. Unable to come up with the money herself, Shannon moves to France for a short time to work as an au pair. Shannon later forms a plan to con her stepbrother, Boone Carlyle, into giving her some of the inheritance she rightly deserved. Playing on her knowledge of Boone's love for her, she makes it appear her boyfriend Brian abuses her. Boone pays Brian to leave her, and Shannon plans to secretly take half the money. During one con in Sydney, her "abusive boyfriend" ruins Shannon's ruse after Boone cuts him a check. Boone storms off to his hotel room and plans to return to the States. When Shannon's boyfriend takes off with all of the money, Shannon goes to Boone's hotel room in Sydney, drunk, and Boone allows her to seduce him. After they have sex, Shannon tells Boone things will go back to the way they had been before. He expresses anger because, as always, they both know she is in control of their situation and relationship. The following morning at the Sydney airport, Sayid Jarrah approaches Shannon, asking her to watch his bag for him. She deftly obliges, but soon leaves it unattended. Before the doomed Flight 815 takes off, Shannon rummages through her hand luggage for her asthma inhaler, which Boone casually hands to her. Six hours into the flight, only moments before the crash, Shannon and Boone are momentarily seen as Charlie Pace stumbles through their row.

Paragraph 21: The U.S. Emergency Broadcast System (EBS) sent an erroneous warning to all the nation's radio and television stations, meant to be a standard weekly test conducted by NORAD in Cheyenne Mountain in Colorado at 7:33 in the morning (9:33 a.m. Eastern time, 6:33 a.m. Pacific).  Many stations didn't notice that the warning included the message authentication code word provided to all Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licensed stations on a quarterly basis.  Those that did, and that verified the code word "hatefulness", broadcast the warning "This is not a test.  A state of national emergency exists. This station will now go off the air.  Please tune your dial to a station on the Emergency Broadcast System for a message from the President.  This is not a test.  This is not a test."  Instructions were then given for how to locate the EBS station broadcast serving the area.  Although the reason for the alert wasn't directly mentioned by announcers, the activation of the EBS for a nationwide emergency was normally reserved for a warning of an attack on the United States.  All broadcast stations had heard the tone, followed by a teletype message with the authentication word that said "Message authenticator: Hatefulness — Hatefulness.  This is an Emergency Action Notification (EAN) directed by the President.  Normal broadcasting will cease immediately.  All stations will broadcast EAN Message One preceded by the attention signal, per FCC rules.  Only stations holding NDEA may stay on air in accord with their state EBS plan."  Thirteen minutes later, news services informed broadcasters that a mistake had been made and that stations should disregard the order to go off the air, and the official cancel notice did not get sent until 10:30 Eastern time with the statement "Message authenticator: Impish- Impish.  Cancel message sent at 09:33 EST.  Repeat Cancel message sent at 09:33 EST." The mistake was traced to a long-time civilian employee of NORAD who mistakenly loaded the wrong tape when sending the message to all stations.  He told reporters "I can't imagine how the hell I did it."  The FCC later reported that a survey showed that only 8 percent of the nation's TV and radio stations went off of the air as directed by the alert; of the 92% that kept broadcasting, one-third said that they questioned whether the message was valid and another one-third didn't see the alert until after it had been canceled.

Paragraph 22: In March 624, Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan. The Muslims set an ambush for the Meccans at Badr. Aware of the plan, the Meccan caravan eluded the Muslims. Meanwhile, a force from Mecca was sent to protect the caravan. The force did not return home upon hearing that the caravan was safe. The battle of Badr began in March 624. Though outnumbered more than three to one, the Muslims won the battle, killing at least forty-five Meccans and taking seventy prisoners for ransom; only fourteen Muslims died. They had also succeeded in killing many of the Meccan leaders, including Abu Jahl. Muhammad himself did not fight, directing the battle from a nearby hut alongside Abu Bakr. In the weeks following the battle, Meccans visited Medina in order to ransom captives from Badr. Many of these had belonged to wealthy families, and were likely ransomed for a considerable sum. Those captives who were not sufficiently influential or wealthy were usually freed without ransom. Muhammad's decision was that those prisoners who refused to end their persecution of Muslims and were wealthy but did not ransom themselves should be killed. Muhammad ordered the immediate execution of two Quraysh men without entertaining offers for their release. Both men, which included Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt, had personally attempted to kill Muhammad in Mecca. The raiders had won a lot of treasure, and the battle helped to stabilize the Medinan community. Muhammad and his followers saw in the victory a confirmation of their faith and a prime importance in the affairs of Medina. Those remaining pagans in Medina were very bitter about the advance of Islam. In particular Asma bint Marwan and Abu 'Afak had composed verses insulting some of the Muslims and thereby violated the Constitution of Medina to which they belonged. These two were assassinated and Muhammad did not disapprove of it. No one dared to take vengeance on them, and some of the members of the clan of Asma bint Marwan who had previously converted to Islam in secret, now professed openly. This marked an end to the overt opposition to Muhammad among the pagans in Medina.

Paragraph 23: In February 2014, it was announced that the Gathering would be moving from its home at Cave-in-Rock to a family Campground in Kaiser, Missouri. However, several local citizens vigorously protested the Gathering being held in this location and the event had to be moved once more. It was reported by Insane Clown Posse themselves that locals had started a petition to keep the Gathering out of their area and flooded the owners of the campground with angry phone calls. Finally, a self-professed Juggalo referred to as Steve (who had previously been to the Gathering himself) contacted Psychopathic Records and offered the 120-acre Legend Valley as a place to host the event. Legend Valley (located in Thornville, Ohio) was officially chosen as the Gathering's venue for 2014. In a statement by Psychopathic Records in the February 28, 2014 edition of the Hatchet Herald, it was said that "Mere hours after the news begin spreading that Kaiser, Missouri would not welcome the Juggalo Family, we began receiving phone calls and emails from interested land owners and promoters who wanted to help ensure that the Gathering of the Juggalos found a home. One of the calls we got was from a down-ass ninja named Steve who owns the Legend Valley. [...] Steve has actually been to the Gathering of the Juggalos before and is not buying into the media's portrayal of what the Gathering is because he has been there. He has expressed to us that he is super down to host the Gathering this year and has always found Juggalos to be cool ass people. He also believes in our fight alongside the ACLU to have Juggalos removed from the FBI gang list, which is still on the list as a "loosely organized hybrid gang" because their sorry ass case was thrown out of court in 2014. In other words, he has our backs and is the perfect ninja we needed to ensure an awesome, trouble-free Gathering this year."

Paragraph 24: Some writers attribute this large number of aspers to a change in the route of the Silk Road during Manuel's reign. The destruction of Baghdad by Hulagu Khan in 1258 revived the trade route running north from Armenia and the upper Euphrates valley to Erzerum and then through the Zigana Pass to Trebizond, instead of to the Mediterranean. However, Anthony Bryer has pointed out the volume of trade carried on this route was minuscule, and taxes and duties extracted from the goods passing through Trebizond (known as the kommerkion) would at most have been 30% of the Empire's total revenues in a busy year, and more often 6%. Another author has pointed out that the silver mines in the region of Gümüşhane were within the borders of the Empire of Trebizond during the 13th century, and could provide the raw material for these coins; but further investigation has shown that these silver mines were not heavily exploited before the 18th century. Kuršanskis has suggested that these coins represent the tribute extracted by the dominant Mongols of Persia, although this does not explain the care taken in minting all of these coins: most of this tribute would, following its delivery to the Mongol overlords, have been melted down and either used to produce other coins or jewelry.

Paragraph 25: Rudge was sacked in January 1999 and though club legend Brian Horton kept the club up that season, relegation followed in the year 2000. He led the club to another Football League Trophy title in 2001 and steadied the ship following a period of administration but quit with the Vale in the play-offs of the third tier in February 2004. Another club legend, Martin Foyle, spent the next three years as manager before departing by mutual consent in September 2007. Lee Sinnott came in two months later, the first time in 28 years someone was appointed who had not previously played or coached at the club. Vale were relegated at the end of the 2007–08 season and manager Dean Glover was given the job initially on a caretaker basis in September 2008. Glover fared poorly however and was sacked at the end of the 2008–09 season. Micky Adams took charge in June 2009, the first experienced manager since Horton. He left Vale in the promotion places to manage boyhood club Sheffield United in December 2010, but a disastrous ten week spell under Jim Gannon ended all hopes of promotion, with Gannon overseeing the shortest reign in the club's history. Adams returned for a second spell in May 2011 and despite the club again entering administration he took the team to promotion out of League Two at the end of the 2012–13 season. He resigned in September 2014 and his assistant, Rob Page, then had close to two seasons in charge with moderate success. Club chairman Norman Smurthwaite then opted for a Continental revolution and appointed Portuguese coach Bruno Ribeiro in June 2016, the first manager born outside of Britain to manage the club on a permanent basis. Ribeiro struggled and his assistant Michael Brown took over after six months. Brown failed to keep the club out of the relegation zone by the end of the 2016–17 season and was sacked in September 2017. Smurthwaite turned to club legend Neil Aspin, who narrowly kept the club in the Football League before resigning in January 2019. John Askey, son of yet another club legend Colin Askey, took charge in February 2019. The club's current manager, Darrell Clarke, was appointed in February 2021. Andy Crosby became the "acting manager" after Clarke entered a three month period of bereavement leave in February 2022. Clarke returned to lead Vale to promotion with a 3–0 victory over Mansfield Town in the League Two play-off final three months later.

Paragraph 26: When Shannon is eight, her father marries Sabrina Carlyle (Lindsay Frost), and she spends much of her adolescence with her stepbrother Boone. She studies ballet and, as she gets older, teaches dance classes to young girls. When she is eighteen, Shannon's father dies in a car crash. He did not have a will prepared, so all of his money and property goes to his wife. Sabrina refuses to help Shannon financially, despite Shannon winning a prestigious yet non-paying internship to the Martha Graham Dance Company in New York. Unable to come up with the money herself, Shannon moves to France for a short time to work as an au pair. Shannon later forms a plan to con her stepbrother, Boone Carlyle, into giving her some of the inheritance she rightly deserved. Playing on her knowledge of Boone's love for her, she makes it appear her boyfriend Brian abuses her. Boone pays Brian to leave her, and Shannon plans to secretly take half the money. During one con in Sydney, her "abusive boyfriend" ruins Shannon's ruse after Boone cuts him a check. Boone storms off to his hotel room and plans to return to the States. When Shannon's boyfriend takes off with all of the money, Shannon goes to Boone's hotel room in Sydney, drunk, and Boone allows her to seduce him. After they have sex, Shannon tells Boone things will go back to the way they had been before. He expresses anger because, as always, they both know she is in control of their situation and relationship. The following morning at the Sydney airport, Sayid Jarrah approaches Shannon, asking her to watch his bag for him. She deftly obliges, but soon leaves it unattended. Before the doomed Flight 815 takes off, Shannon rummages through her hand luggage for her asthma inhaler, which Boone casually hands to her. Six hours into the flight, only moments before the crash, Shannon and Boone are momentarily seen as Charlie Pace stumbles through their row.

Paragraph 27: Rudge was sacked in January 1999 and though club legend Brian Horton kept the club up that season, relegation followed in the year 2000. He led the club to another Football League Trophy title in 2001 and steadied the ship following a period of administration but quit with the Vale in the play-offs of the third tier in February 2004. Another club legend, Martin Foyle, spent the next three years as manager before departing by mutual consent in September 2007. Lee Sinnott came in two months later, the first time in 28 years someone was appointed who had not previously played or coached at the club. Vale were relegated at the end of the 2007–08 season and manager Dean Glover was given the job initially on a caretaker basis in September 2008. Glover fared poorly however and was sacked at the end of the 2008–09 season. Micky Adams took charge in June 2009, the first experienced manager since Horton. He left Vale in the promotion places to manage boyhood club Sheffield United in December 2010, but a disastrous ten week spell under Jim Gannon ended all hopes of promotion, with Gannon overseeing the shortest reign in the club's history. Adams returned for a second spell in May 2011 and despite the club again entering administration he took the team to promotion out of League Two at the end of the 2012–13 season. He resigned in September 2014 and his assistant, Rob Page, then had close to two seasons in charge with moderate success. Club chairman Norman Smurthwaite then opted for a Continental revolution and appointed Portuguese coach Bruno Ribeiro in June 2016, the first manager born outside of Britain to manage the club on a permanent basis. Ribeiro struggled and his assistant Michael Brown took over after six months. Brown failed to keep the club out of the relegation zone by the end of the 2016–17 season and was sacked in September 2017. Smurthwaite turned to club legend Neil Aspin, who narrowly kept the club in the Football League before resigning in January 2019. John Askey, son of yet another club legend Colin Askey, took charge in February 2019. The club's current manager, Darrell Clarke, was appointed in February 2021. Andy Crosby became the "acting manager" after Clarke entered a three month period of bereavement leave in February 2022. Clarke returned to lead Vale to promotion with a 3–0 victory over Mansfield Town in the League Two play-off final three months later.

Paragraph 28: One of the major activities of the Naval Base Guadalcanal was the support of the building of the airbase Henderson Field.  The first aircraft landed on Henderson Field on August 12, 1942. Naval Base Guadalcanal also supported the many troops on Guadalcanal and staging for coming actions. The seas off Naval Base Guadalcanal, Savo Sound, were nicknamed Ironbottom Sound due to the many ships and planes sunk off Guadalcanal, in the battle, codenamed Operation Watchtower. On 28 July 1942, the US Navy and US Marine did a practice amphibious landing at Naval Base Fiji's Koro Island. This landing was to prepare the troops for the upcoming landings at Guadalcanal, the Troop's first major offensive of the War. From the rehearsal, lessons were learned that helped at Guadalcanal. On 31 July 1942, the Troops departed Fiji for the invasion of Guadalcanal. The invasion of Guadalcanal being the first did not have the later advancements in amphibious warfare like the landing ships: Landing Ship, Tanks or Landing craft tanks. Supplies were taken from cargo holds of ships and loaded onto small landing craft, then taken to the landing beaches and hand unloaded. Empire of Japan had built a base at Tulagi, a smaller island just to the north of Guadalcanal. The US Naval repaired and improved the base after it was captured. The Guadalcanal base were given the code names Bevy and Cactus, later renamed Mainyard. The codename Ringbolt was used for the attacks that took Florida Islands, Tulagi, Gavutu, and Tanambogo Islands. One of the reasons Guadalcanal was selected for amphibious landing, was on 20 June 1942 the US found Japan had begun building an airbase near Lungga Point. An airbase on Guadalcanal could attack the sea route from the United States to the US Naval Bases in Australia. The US putting an airbase on Guadalcanal could both protect the shipping lanes and put a check-attacks on Japan's large base at Rabaul in the northern Solomon Islands. Both the US troops and Japan's troops suffered from a lack of supplies during the Guadalcanal campaign. The US Naval would learn from the operation and improved the supply train to the fighting troops in the island hoping campaign.  The 6th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on August 10 from Naval Station Norfolk by way of Naval Base Espiritu Santo, 13 days after the first United States Marine Corps had landed. The Seabee found an incomplete 3,800-foot runway Japan's troops had started. The Seabees added 1,300-feet to the runway and paved it in Marston mat, due to the poor soil and rain. Work was stopped a few time due to bombing raids, sniping fire and shelling. When these had slowed down the Seabees were able to move out of foxholes and built a camp for the airfield and the Seabees. Seabees also built, a power station, a freshwater system for the camp and mess hall. For supplies, cargo ships unloaded into Higgins boats, tank lighters and pontoon barges, these were unloaded at the beach. Later, three timber piers were built at the beach for unloading.  A pier was also built at Lung Lagoon and was named Jennings landing in honor of Chief Ship fitter Jennings. Roads, bridges, and later fuel tank farms were built. The 6th Naval Construction Battalion was relieved by Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 26 on 5 January 1943. The 6th departed on the USS Hunter Liggett for R&R at Auckland in New Zealand. At Auckland the 6th did work on the camp at Victoria Park and at a US Navy Mobile Hospital there. The 6th departed Auckland to work at Naval Base Noumea 12 March 1943. The Construction Battalion 26 continued improving the base at Guadalcanal and built: gun mounts and emplacements, tunnels, 6,000 feet of railroad, multiple docks, over 35 miles of primary roadway, 10 bridges and two radio stations with 150-foot transmitter towers. Construction Battalion 26 departed 2 March 1944.  The 58th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on 12 December 1944. The 58th Naval Construction Battalion worked on the Solomons' Vella Lavella Island and Russell Island, and departed 11 March 1945. THe 14th Naval Construction Battalion worked at Guadalcanal from 4 November 1942 to 9 November 1943.  Naval Base at Guadalcanal Fleet Post Office (FPO#) was 145.

Paragraph 29: In 1983, Costa joined the NSW Railways and started work as a trainee engineman, but never progressed to a driver, and became active in the Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Enginemen (AFULE). At the time the AFULE had a militant leadership who began a series of strikes over differences with the Australian Railways Union, whereby brake vans were removed from goods trains, and the guards were given locomotive jobs. Preferential treatment of the guards was seen by many as a reward for not striking over the loss of their jobs in brake vans. This led to Costa running against the incumbent leadership of the union in the AFULE's elections which Costa won convincingly.   In 1989, Costa was elected as an organiser with the Labor Council of New South Wales. In 1998, he was elected as Secretary of the Labor Council. He was the first Secretary to be of a non-English-speaking background.

Paragraph 30: Particularly noticeable in this period was the escalation of the fight in West Kabul between the Shi'a Hezb-i Wahdat forces supported by Iran and those of the Wahhabist Ittehad-e Islami militia supported by Saudi Arabia. Hezb-i Wahdat was somewhat nervous about the presence of Ittehad-e Islami posts, which were deployed in Hazara areas such as Rahman Baba High school. According to the writings of Nabi Azimi, who at the time was a high ranking governor, the fighting began on 31 May 1992 when 4 members of Hezb-i Wahdat's leadership were assassinated near the Kabul Silo. Those killed were Karimi, Sayyid Isma'il Hosseini, Chaman Ali Abuzar and Vaseegh, the first 3 being members of the party's central committee. Following this the car of Haji Shir Alam, a top Ittehad-e Islami commander was stopped near Pol-e Sorkh, and although Alem escaped, one of the passengers was killed. On 3 June 1992, heavy fighting between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul. Both sides used rockets, killing and injuring civilians. On 4 June, interviews with Hazara households state that Ittehad-e Islami forces looted their houses in Kohte-e Sangi, killing 6 civilians. The gun battles at this time had a death toll of over 100 according to some sources. On 5 June 1992, further conflict between forces of Ittehad-e Islami and Hezb-i Wahdat in west Kabul was reported. Here, both sides used heavy artillery, destroying houses and other civilian structures. Three schools were reported destroyed by bombardment. The bombardment killed and injured an unknown number of civilians. Gunmen were reported killing people in shops near the Kabul Zoo. On 24 June 1992 the Jamhuriat hospital located near the Interior Ministry was bombed and closed. Jamiat-e Islami and Shura-e Nazar sometimes joined the conflict when their positions came under attack by Hezb-i Wahdat forces and in June/July bombarded Hezb-i Wahdat positions in return. Harakat forces also sometimes joined the fight.

Paragraph 31: The Cotati originated on Hala in the Pama star system in the Large Magellanic Cloud, the same planet as the warlike humanoid Kree race. Despite their aggressive nature, the Kree ignored the Cotati because they believed that all plants were beneath their notice. Approximately one million Earth years ago, Hala was visited by a starship from the Skrull empire (at that time, the Skrulls were a benevolent race). The Skrulls wished to include Hala in their empire and offered its inhabitants their knowledge and technology in exchange for their loyalty and Hala's resources. To avoid any dissension regarding which of the two races would represent Hala to them, the Skrulls proposed a test of worthiness in which equal numbers of Kree and Cotati would be taken to different uninhabited worlds and left there with complete supplies for one year. At the end of that period, whichever group had done the most with themselves would be adjudged the most worthy. Both races agreed to these terms and the Skrulls transported 17 Cotati to a barren moon in an unspecified solar system. The Skrulls then transported 17 Kree to Earth's Moon and provided them with an artificial atmosphere and rudimentary technology. The Kree used their time to build a gargantuan city. The Skrulls who came to retrieve the Kree were extremely impressed and the Kree felt confident that they would be victorious. However, upon returning to Hala, the Kree contestants were informed by their fellows that the other Skrulls (those who had retrieved the Cotati) were more impressed by their transformation of their barren moon into a park full of plant life. Enraged, the Kree decided to try and win by destroying their competitors. They quickly exterminated all of the Cotati, when the Kree informed the Skrulls of how they had solved the problem of Hala's representation to them. The outraged Skrulls reacted by promising to reject Hala forever, said Kree barbarians slaughtered the Skrull delegation as well and seized their starship and all of its tremendously advanced technology for themselves, to which they would use to arm for war against the Skrulls eons later.

Paragraph 32: One of the major activities of the Naval Base Guadalcanal was the support of the building of the airbase Henderson Field.  The first aircraft landed on Henderson Field on August 12, 1942. Naval Base Guadalcanal also supported the many troops on Guadalcanal and staging for coming actions. The seas off Naval Base Guadalcanal, Savo Sound, were nicknamed Ironbottom Sound due to the many ships and planes sunk off Guadalcanal, in the battle, codenamed Operation Watchtower. On 28 July 1942, the US Navy and US Marine did a practice amphibious landing at Naval Base Fiji's Koro Island. This landing was to prepare the troops for the upcoming landings at Guadalcanal, the Troop's first major offensive of the War. From the rehearsal, lessons were learned that helped at Guadalcanal. On 31 July 1942, the Troops departed Fiji for the invasion of Guadalcanal. The invasion of Guadalcanal being the first did not have the later advancements in amphibious warfare like the landing ships: Landing Ship, Tanks or Landing craft tanks. Supplies were taken from cargo holds of ships and loaded onto small landing craft, then taken to the landing beaches and hand unloaded. Empire of Japan had built a base at Tulagi, a smaller island just to the north of Guadalcanal. The US Naval repaired and improved the base after it was captured. The Guadalcanal base were given the code names Bevy and Cactus, later renamed Mainyard. The codename Ringbolt was used for the attacks that took Florida Islands, Tulagi, Gavutu, and Tanambogo Islands. One of the reasons Guadalcanal was selected for amphibious landing, was on 20 June 1942 the US found Japan had begun building an airbase near Lungga Point. An airbase on Guadalcanal could attack the sea route from the United States to the US Naval Bases in Australia. The US putting an airbase on Guadalcanal could both protect the shipping lanes and put a check-attacks on Japan's large base at Rabaul in the northern Solomon Islands. Both the US troops and Japan's troops suffered from a lack of supplies during the Guadalcanal campaign. The US Naval would learn from the operation and improved the supply train to the fighting troops in the island hoping campaign.  The 6th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on August 10 from Naval Station Norfolk by way of Naval Base Espiritu Santo, 13 days after the first United States Marine Corps had landed. The Seabee found an incomplete 3,800-foot runway Japan's troops had started. The Seabees added 1,300-feet to the runway and paved it in Marston mat, due to the poor soil and rain. Work was stopped a few time due to bombing raids, sniping fire and shelling. When these had slowed down the Seabees were able to move out of foxholes and built a camp for the airfield and the Seabees. Seabees also built, a power station, a freshwater system for the camp and mess hall. For supplies, cargo ships unloaded into Higgins boats, tank lighters and pontoon barges, these were unloaded at the beach. Later, three timber piers were built at the beach for unloading.  A pier was also built at Lung Lagoon and was named Jennings landing in honor of Chief Ship fitter Jennings. Roads, bridges, and later fuel tank farms were built. The 6th Naval Construction Battalion was relieved by Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 26 on 5 January 1943. The 6th departed on the USS Hunter Liggett for R&R at Auckland in New Zealand. At Auckland the 6th did work on the camp at Victoria Park and at a US Navy Mobile Hospital there. The 6th departed Auckland to work at Naval Base Noumea 12 March 1943. The Construction Battalion 26 continued improving the base at Guadalcanal and built: gun mounts and emplacements, tunnels, 6,000 feet of railroad, multiple docks, over 35 miles of primary roadway, 10 bridges and two radio stations with 150-foot transmitter towers. Construction Battalion 26 departed 2 March 1944.  The 58th Naval Construction Battalion arrived on 12 December 1944. The 58th Naval Construction Battalion worked on the Solomons' Vella Lavella Island and Russell Island, and departed 11 March 1945. THe 14th Naval Construction Battalion worked at Guadalcanal from 4 November 1942 to 9 November 1943.  Naval Base at Guadalcanal Fleet Post Office (FPO#) was 145.

Paragraph 33: The bond coat adheres the thermal barrier to the substrate. Additionally, the bond coat provides oxidation protection and functions as a diffusion barrier against the motion of substrate atoms towards the environment. The five major types of bond coats are: the aluminides, the platinum-aluminides, MCrAlY, cobalt-cermets, and nickel-chromium. For aluminide bond coatings, the coating's final composition and structure depends on the substrate composition. Aluminides lack ductility below 750 °C, and exhibit limited thermomechanical fatigue strength. Pt-aluminides are similar to the aluminide bond coats except for a layer of Pt (5—10 μm) deposited on the blade. The Pt aids in oxide adhesion and contributes to hot corrosion, increasing blade lifespan. MCrAlY does not strongly interact with the substrate. Normally applied by plasma spraying, MCrAlY coatings from secondary aluminum oxides. This means that the coatings form an outer chromia layer and a secondary alumina layer underneath. These oxide formations occur at high temperatures in the range of those that superalloys usually encounter. The chromia provides oxidation and hot-corrosion resistance. The alumina controls oxidation mechanisms by limiting oxide growth by self-passivating. The yttrium enhances oxide adherence to the substrate, and limits the growth of grain boundaries (which can lead to coat flaking). Addition of rhenium and tantalum increases oxidation resistance. Cobalt-cermet-based coatings consisting of materials such as tungsten carbide/cobalt can be used due to excellent resistance to abrasion, corrosion, erosion, and heat. These cermet coatings perform well in situations where temperature and oxidation damage are significant concerns, such as boilers. One of cobalt cermet's unique advantages is minimal loss of coating mass over time, due to the strength of carbides. Overall, cermet coatings are useful in situations where mechanical demands are equal to chemical demands. Nickel-chromium coatings are used most frequently in boilers fed by fossil fuels, electric furnaces, and waste incineration furnaces, where the danger of oxidizing agents and corrosive compounds in the vapor must be addressed. The specific method of spray-coating depends on the coating composition. Nickel-chromium coatings that also contain iron or aluminum provide better corrosion resistance when they are sprayed and laser glazed, while pure nickel-chromium coatings perform better when thermally sprayed exclusively.

Paragraph 34: In March 624, Muhammad led some three hundred warriors in a raid on a Meccan merchant caravan. The Muslims set an ambush for the Meccans at Badr. Aware of the plan, the Meccan caravan eluded the Muslims. Meanwhile, a force from Mecca was sent to protect the caravan. The force did not return home upon hearing that the caravan was safe. The battle of Badr began in March 624. Though outnumbered more than three to one, the Muslims won the battle, killing at least forty-five Meccans and taking seventy prisoners for ransom; only fourteen Muslims died. They had also succeeded in killing many of the Meccan leaders, including Abu Jahl. Muhammad himself did not fight, directing the battle from a nearby hut alongside Abu Bakr. In the weeks following the battle, Meccans visited Medina in order to ransom captives from Badr. Many of these had belonged to wealthy families, and were likely ransomed for a considerable sum. Those captives who were not sufficiently influential or wealthy were usually freed without ransom. Muhammad's decision was that those prisoners who refused to end their persecution of Muslims and were wealthy but did not ransom themselves should be killed. Muhammad ordered the immediate execution of two Quraysh men without entertaining offers for their release. Both men, which included Uqba ibn Abu Mu'ayt, had personally attempted to kill Muhammad in Mecca. The raiders had won a lot of treasure, and the battle helped to stabilize the Medinan community. Muhammad and his followers saw in the victory a confirmation of their faith and a prime importance in the affairs of Medina. Those remaining pagans in Medina were very bitter about the advance of Islam. In particular Asma bint Marwan and Abu 'Afak had composed verses insulting some of the Muslims and thereby violated the Constitution of Medina to which they belonged. These two were assassinated and Muhammad did not disapprove of it. No one dared to take vengeance on them, and some of the members of the clan of Asma bint Marwan who had previously converted to Islam in secret, now professed openly. This marked an end to the overt opposition to Muhammad among the pagans in Medina.

Paragraph 35: In February 2014, it was announced that the Gathering would be moving from its home at Cave-in-Rock to a family Campground in Kaiser, Missouri. However, several local citizens vigorously protested the Gathering being held in this location and the event had to be moved once more. It was reported by Insane Clown Posse themselves that locals had started a petition to keep the Gathering out of their area and flooded the owners of the campground with angry phone calls. Finally, a self-professed Juggalo referred to as Steve (who had previously been to the Gathering himself) contacted Psychopathic Records and offered the 120-acre Legend Valley as a place to host the event. Legend Valley (located in Thornville, Ohio) was officially chosen as the Gathering's venue for 2014. In a statement by Psychopathic Records in the February 28, 2014 edition of the Hatchet Herald, it was said that "Mere hours after the news begin spreading that Kaiser, Missouri would not welcome the Juggalo Family, we began receiving phone calls and emails from interested land owners and promoters who wanted to help ensure that the Gathering of the Juggalos found a home. One of the calls we got was from a down-ass ninja named Steve who owns the Legend Valley. [...] Steve has actually been to the Gathering of the Juggalos before and is not buying into the media's portrayal of what the Gathering is because he has been there. He has expressed to us that he is super down to host the Gathering this year and has always found Juggalos to be cool ass people. He also believes in our fight alongside the ACLU to have Juggalos removed from the FBI gang list, which is still on the list as a "loosely organized hybrid gang" because their sorry ass case was thrown out of court in 2014. In other words, he has our backs and is the perfect ninja we needed to ensure an awesome, trouble-free Gathering this year."