Paragraph 1: In some car washes, the presoak application is followed by a space or idle zone. Wheel cleaning equipment, such as sill brushes or high-pressure wheel blasters, may be placed in the idle zone. A sill brush (also known as a wheel brush or tire brush) consists of an 8-foot-long brush assembly that is pushed against the car's wheels and door sill area. Brushes typically use flagged bristle, as dirt is usually most heavily concentrated on the lower parts of the car. The material on a sill brush may have alternating lengths or use a material that is intentionally mounted off-centre to allow wheel surfaces of various depths to be cleaned. Sill brushes rely on the rotation of a customer's car's wheels to achieve complete wheel contact. Similar to the CTAs, wheel brushes often only activate when the customer buys a wheel cleaning upgrade. Some car washes use wheel-rim disc brushes in addition to or in place of sill brushes. These assemblies extend out towards the wheel and follow it at the same speed as the conveyor while rotating at high speeds to clean the wheels. At the end of a car wash's presoak idle zone is often a high-pressure arch that directs water at a vehicle's surface. 

Paragraph 2: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.

Paragraph 3: On the night of 31 January 1918, units of the Grand Fleet, including the 13th Submarine Flotilla (the flotilla leader  and the submarines , , ,  and K22) and the 12th Submarine Flotilla (the light cruiser  and the submarines , ,  and ) set out from Rosyth to take part in exercises. Despite the night being very dark, with occasional patches of fog, the ships were running without lights. When K14 altered course to avoid a number of minesweepers ahead of her, her rudder jammed and she was rammed by K22. The two disabled submarines were then overtaken by the heavier units of the fleet, and K22 was struck by the battlecruiser , destroying the external ballast tanks on K22s starboard side. Despite the damage, both submarines remained afloat, with K22 making her way back to port under her own power. On hearing distress signals from the two submarines, Commander E. Leir aboard Ithuriel decided to turn the Flotilla back to go to the assistance of K14 and K22. This put the flotilla on a collision course with the rest of the fleet, including the 12th Submarine Flotilla. On meeting the fleet, Ithuriel had to turn to avoid the battlecruiser , which took the flotilla directly into the path of the 12th Flotilla. Fearless collided with K17, which sank, then K4, following Fearless, pulled out of line and stopped to avoid hitting K17 and Fearless, and was herself hit by K6, which cut K4 in two, and K7. Two submarines had been sunk with 103 killed.

Paragraph 4: The Mendip Hills, of which Brean Down forms the most westerly part, are the most southerly Carboniferous Limestone upland in Britain. These rock strata were laid down during the early Carboniferous period, about 320–350 million years ago. Subsequently, much of northwestern Europe underwent continental collision throughout the late Paleozoic era, culminating in the final phases of the Variscan orogeny near the end of the Carboniferous period, 300 million years ago. This tectonic activity produced a complex suite of mountain and hill ranges across what is now southern Ireland, south-western England, Brittany, and elsewhere in western Europe. As a result of the Variscan mountain-building, the Mendip area now comprises at least four anticlinal fold structures, with an east-west trend, each with a core of older Devonian sandstone and Silurian volcanic rocks. West of the main Mendip plateau the Carboniferous Limestone continues in Bleadon Hill and Brean Down, and on the islands of Steep Holm and Flat Holm.

Paragraph 5: The Mendip Hills, of which Brean Down forms the most westerly part, are the most southerly Carboniferous Limestone upland in Britain. These rock strata were laid down during the early Carboniferous period, about 320–350 million years ago. Subsequently, much of northwestern Europe underwent continental collision throughout the late Paleozoic era, culminating in the final phases of the Variscan orogeny near the end of the Carboniferous period, 300 million years ago. This tectonic activity produced a complex suite of mountain and hill ranges across what is now southern Ireland, south-western England, Brittany, and elsewhere in western Europe. As a result of the Variscan mountain-building, the Mendip area now comprises at least four anticlinal fold structures, with an east-west trend, each with a core of older Devonian sandstone and Silurian volcanic rocks. West of the main Mendip plateau the Carboniferous Limestone continues in Bleadon Hill and Brean Down, and on the islands of Steep Holm and Flat Holm.

Paragraph 6: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.

Paragraph 7: The Mendip Hills, of which Brean Down forms the most westerly part, are the most southerly Carboniferous Limestone upland in Britain. These rock strata were laid down during the early Carboniferous period, about 320–350 million years ago. Subsequently, much of northwestern Europe underwent continental collision throughout the late Paleozoic era, culminating in the final phases of the Variscan orogeny near the end of the Carboniferous period, 300 million years ago. This tectonic activity produced a complex suite of mountain and hill ranges across what is now southern Ireland, south-western England, Brittany, and elsewhere in western Europe. As a result of the Variscan mountain-building, the Mendip area now comprises at least four anticlinal fold structures, with an east-west trend, each with a core of older Devonian sandstone and Silurian volcanic rocks. West of the main Mendip plateau the Carboniferous Limestone continues in Bleadon Hill and Brean Down, and on the islands of Steep Holm and Flat Holm.

Paragraph 8: In some car washes, the presoak application is followed by a space or idle zone. Wheel cleaning equipment, such as sill brushes or high-pressure wheel blasters, may be placed in the idle zone. A sill brush (also known as a wheel brush or tire brush) consists of an 8-foot-long brush assembly that is pushed against the car's wheels and door sill area. Brushes typically use flagged bristle, as dirt is usually most heavily concentrated on the lower parts of the car. The material on a sill brush may have alternating lengths or use a material that is intentionally mounted off-centre to allow wheel surfaces of various depths to be cleaned. Sill brushes rely on the rotation of a customer's car's wheels to achieve complete wheel contact. Similar to the CTAs, wheel brushes often only activate when the customer buys a wheel cleaning upgrade. Some car washes use wheel-rim disc brushes in addition to or in place of sill brushes. These assemblies extend out towards the wheel and follow it at the same speed as the conveyor while rotating at high speeds to clean the wheels. At the end of a car wash's presoak idle zone is often a high-pressure arch that directs water at a vehicle's surface. 

Paragraph 9: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.

Paragraph 10: In some car washes, the presoak application is followed by a space or idle zone. Wheel cleaning equipment, such as sill brushes or high-pressure wheel blasters, may be placed in the idle zone. A sill brush (also known as a wheel brush or tire brush) consists of an 8-foot-long brush assembly that is pushed against the car's wheels and door sill area. Brushes typically use flagged bristle, as dirt is usually most heavily concentrated on the lower parts of the car. The material on a sill brush may have alternating lengths or use a material that is intentionally mounted off-centre to allow wheel surfaces of various depths to be cleaned. Sill brushes rely on the rotation of a customer's car's wheels to achieve complete wheel contact. Similar to the CTAs, wheel brushes often only activate when the customer buys a wheel cleaning upgrade. Some car washes use wheel-rim disc brushes in addition to or in place of sill brushes. These assemblies extend out towards the wheel and follow it at the same speed as the conveyor while rotating at high speeds to clean the wheels. At the end of a car wash's presoak idle zone is often a high-pressure arch that directs water at a vehicle's surface. 

Paragraph 11: Gooderham & Worts opened an experimental shortwave radio station in April 1930 with the call letters VE9GW. Listed as being located at Bowmanville, Ontario, at CKGW's transmitter site, it relayed CKGW programming on 6095 kHz to northern Ontario, northern Manitoba and the Canadian Arctic. While mostly relaying programming from CKGW, it would also air a regular specialty programme for DXers in the International Short Wave Club. After switching to a new transmitter in the winter of 1930-1931, the station boosted its power to 200 watts from 25 Watts and it could be received as far away as Europe, South Africa, and New Zealand on either 6.095 or 11.81 MHz, and would later broadcast on 24.38 MHz, as well. In 1932, the station's power increased to 500 watts. From 1933 to 1936, CKGW and VE9GW were leased from Gooderham & Worts by the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission, which used the station as one of the broadcasters of Northern Messenger, a mailbag programme aimed at listeners in the Far North, which the CBC would continue to air into the 1970s. CKGW became CRCT and, in 1935, VE9GW's call letters changed to CRCX. In 1937, both stations were purchased by the new Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. CRCT became CBL and CRCX was closed down in 1938. The station mostly broadcast on 6.095 MHz but, at various times, transmitted on 11.81 or 24.38 MHz.

Paragraph 12: The bioclimatic coastal environment is classified as inframediterranean.  The vegetation consists of both native and imported species that have established a symbiotic ecosystem whereby the invasive species may provide protection from human traffic, strong winds or water erosion for the native plant. This is exemplified that the high density growth of Prickly pear cactus and  balsam spurge known locally as tabaiba. Both are abundant along the coastal region as close as 30 meters from the ocean, from Punta Teno to the Buenavista Lighthouse close to the border with Los Silos. Also prominent because of its size is Canary Island spurge. Two varieties of Patellifolia, patellaris and procumbens, are often found very close to the shore. Many of its characteristic resemble Tetragonia tetragonoides with which it shares a strong salt tolerance and mode of propagation. A few examples of Kleinia neriifolia can be found close to the basaltic cliffs. It becomes more dominant further inland, abundant on the volcanic dome (with a crater that was converted into a reservoir, known as Embalse Montaña de Taco) south of the Buenavista Lighthouse. A variety of Argyranthemum, (coronopifolium or adauctum) is abundant, Asparagus pastorianus is the major asparagus variety found along the coastal region. Astydamia latifolia is easily recognized as a plant of the celery family by is characteristic fragrance similar to angelica. It is important in the seasonal parched to green transformation of the coastal landscape as it loses most its leaves during the dry period that sprout again from a rizome after the first autumn rains. Large bushes of Salsola divaricata  remain predominantly green in the dry season flowering after the rains. Schizogyne sericea is ubiquitous forming large bushes with yellow flowers. Sea fennel recognizable from its distinct smell and grey-green color of its succulent leaves, is found on the basaltic cliffs a few meters from the ocean but seldom inland more than 200 meters. Other common plants are Euphorbia aphylla, Hyoscyamus albus, Mesembryanthemum crystallinum, Monanthes laxiflora, Nicotiana glauca, Periploca laevigata.

Paragraph 13: The bioclimatic coastal environment is classified as inframediterranean.  The vegetation consists of both native and imported species that have established a symbiotic ecosystem whereby the invasive species may provide protection from human traffic, strong winds or water erosion for the native plant. This is exemplified that the high density growth of Prickly pear cactus and  balsam spurge known locally as tabaiba. Both are abundant along the coastal region as close as 30 meters from the ocean, from Punta Teno to the Buenavista Lighthouse close to the border with Los Silos. Also prominent because of its size is Canary Island spurge. Two varieties of Patellifolia, patellaris and procumbens, are often found very close to the shore. Many of its characteristic resemble Tetragonia tetragonoides with which it shares a strong salt tolerance and mode of propagation. A few examples of Kleinia neriifolia can be found close to the basaltic cliffs. It becomes more dominant further inland, abundant on the volcanic dome (with a crater that was converted into a reservoir, known as Embalse Montaña de Taco) south of the Buenavista Lighthouse. A variety of Argyranthemum, (coronopifolium or adauctum) is abundant, Asparagus pastorianus is the major asparagus variety found along the coastal region. Astydamia latifolia is easily recognized as a plant of the celery family by is characteristic fragrance similar to angelica. It is important in the seasonal parched to green transformation of the coastal landscape as it loses most its leaves during the dry period that sprout again from a rizome after the first autumn rains. Large bushes of Salsola divaricata  remain predominantly green in the dry season flowering after the rains. Schizogyne sericea is ubiquitous forming large bushes with yellow flowers. Sea fennel recognizable from its distinct smell and grey-green color of its succulent leaves, is found on the basaltic cliffs a few meters from the ocean but seldom inland more than 200 meters. Other common plants are Euphorbia aphylla, Hyoscyamus albus, Mesembryanthemum crystallinum, Monanthes laxiflora, Nicotiana glauca, Periploca laevigata.

Paragraph 14: On the night of 31 January 1918, units of the Grand Fleet, including the 13th Submarine Flotilla (the flotilla leader  and the submarines , , ,  and K22) and the 12th Submarine Flotilla (the light cruiser  and the submarines , ,  and ) set out from Rosyth to take part in exercises. Despite the night being very dark, with occasional patches of fog, the ships were running without lights. When K14 altered course to avoid a number of minesweepers ahead of her, her rudder jammed and she was rammed by K22. The two disabled submarines were then overtaken by the heavier units of the fleet, and K22 was struck by the battlecruiser , destroying the external ballast tanks on K22s starboard side. Despite the damage, both submarines remained afloat, with K22 making her way back to port under her own power. On hearing distress signals from the two submarines, Commander E. Leir aboard Ithuriel decided to turn the Flotilla back to go to the assistance of K14 and K22. This put the flotilla on a collision course with the rest of the fleet, including the 12th Submarine Flotilla. On meeting the fleet, Ithuriel had to turn to avoid the battlecruiser , which took the flotilla directly into the path of the 12th Flotilla. Fearless collided with K17, which sank, then K4, following Fearless, pulled out of line and stopped to avoid hitting K17 and Fearless, and was herself hit by K6, which cut K4 in two, and K7. Two submarines had been sunk with 103 killed.

Paragraph 15: On the night of 31 January 1918, units of the Grand Fleet, including the 13th Submarine Flotilla (the flotilla leader  and the submarines , , ,  and K22) and the 12th Submarine Flotilla (the light cruiser  and the submarines , ,  and ) set out from Rosyth to take part in exercises. Despite the night being very dark, with occasional patches of fog, the ships were running without lights. When K14 altered course to avoid a number of minesweepers ahead of her, her rudder jammed and she was rammed by K22. The two disabled submarines were then overtaken by the heavier units of the fleet, and K22 was struck by the battlecruiser , destroying the external ballast tanks on K22s starboard side. Despite the damage, both submarines remained afloat, with K22 making her way back to port under her own power. On hearing distress signals from the two submarines, Commander E. Leir aboard Ithuriel decided to turn the Flotilla back to go to the assistance of K14 and K22. This put the flotilla on a collision course with the rest of the fleet, including the 12th Submarine Flotilla. On meeting the fleet, Ithuriel had to turn to avoid the battlecruiser , which took the flotilla directly into the path of the 12th Flotilla. Fearless collided with K17, which sank, then K4, following Fearless, pulled out of line and stopped to avoid hitting K17 and Fearless, and was herself hit by K6, which cut K4 in two, and K7. Two submarines had been sunk with 103 killed.

Paragraph 16: The Mendip Hills, of which Brean Down forms the most westerly part, are the most southerly Carboniferous Limestone upland in Britain. These rock strata were laid down during the early Carboniferous period, about 320–350 million years ago. Subsequently, much of northwestern Europe underwent continental collision throughout the late Paleozoic era, culminating in the final phases of the Variscan orogeny near the end of the Carboniferous period, 300 million years ago. This tectonic activity produced a complex suite of mountain and hill ranges across what is now southern Ireland, south-western England, Brittany, and elsewhere in western Europe. As a result of the Variscan mountain-building, the Mendip area now comprises at least four anticlinal fold structures, with an east-west trend, each with a core of older Devonian sandstone and Silurian volcanic rocks. West of the main Mendip plateau the Carboniferous Limestone continues in Bleadon Hill and Brean Down, and on the islands of Steep Holm and Flat Holm.

Paragraph 17: In 1796 the Este were deprived of their possessions by the troops of Napoleon Bonaparte. The latter incorporated the territory into the Cispadane Republic, then making it flow into the Cisalpine Republic. During this period the region was briefly disputed against Napoleon by the Austrians of the anti-French coalition (1799) and experienced a rapid succession of different administrative systems, more or less provisional. As a last administrative change, in 1806, the French emperor assigned the Duchy of Massa and Carrara to the Principality of Lucca and Piombino, governed by his older sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi. During the Napoleonic domination Maria Beatrice d'Este (then ruler of the Duchy) was forced to take refuge in Vienna with the family of her husband, Ferdinand Karl, Archduke of Austria-Este, uncle of Emperor Francis II, from whom she governed her duchy in exile. With the fall of the Napoleonic regime, the Congress of Vienna again assigned to Maria Beatrice the ancestor duchy that had been stolen from her. After the Restoration and the end of the independence of various local entities such as the Marquisate of Fosdinovo, the Duchy of Massa and Carrara included, in addition to the traditional territories, numerous others territories in Tuscany.

Paragraph 18: In some car washes, the presoak application is followed by a space or idle zone. Wheel cleaning equipment, such as sill brushes or high-pressure wheel blasters, may be placed in the idle zone. A sill brush (also known as a wheel brush or tire brush) consists of an 8-foot-long brush assembly that is pushed against the car's wheels and door sill area. Brushes typically use flagged bristle, as dirt is usually most heavily concentrated on the lower parts of the car. The material on a sill brush may have alternating lengths or use a material that is intentionally mounted off-centre to allow wheel surfaces of various depths to be cleaned. Sill brushes rely on the rotation of a customer's car's wheels to achieve complete wheel contact. Similar to the CTAs, wheel brushes often only activate when the customer buys a wheel cleaning upgrade. Some car washes use wheel-rim disc brushes in addition to or in place of sill brushes. These assemblies extend out towards the wheel and follow it at the same speed as the conveyor while rotating at high speeds to clean the wheels. At the end of a car wash's presoak idle zone is often a high-pressure arch that directs water at a vehicle's surface. 

Paragraph 19: In 1796 the Este were deprived of their possessions by the troops of Napoleon Bonaparte. The latter incorporated the territory into the Cispadane Republic, then making it flow into the Cisalpine Republic. During this period the region was briefly disputed against Napoleon by the Austrians of the anti-French coalition (1799) and experienced a rapid succession of different administrative systems, more or less provisional. As a last administrative change, in 1806, the French emperor assigned the Duchy of Massa and Carrara to the Principality of Lucca and Piombino, governed by his older sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi. During the Napoleonic domination Maria Beatrice d'Este (then ruler of the Duchy) was forced to take refuge in Vienna with the family of her husband, Ferdinand Karl, Archduke of Austria-Este, uncle of Emperor Francis II, from whom she governed her duchy in exile. With the fall of the Napoleonic regime, the Congress of Vienna again assigned to Maria Beatrice the ancestor duchy that had been stolen from her. After the Restoration and the end of the independence of various local entities such as the Marquisate of Fosdinovo, the Duchy of Massa and Carrara included, in addition to the traditional territories, numerous others territories in Tuscany.

Paragraph 20: On the night of 31 January 1918, units of the Grand Fleet, including the 13th Submarine Flotilla (the flotilla leader  and the submarines , , ,  and K22) and the 12th Submarine Flotilla (the light cruiser  and the submarines , ,  and ) set out from Rosyth to take part in exercises. Despite the night being very dark, with occasional patches of fog, the ships were running without lights. When K14 altered course to avoid a number of minesweepers ahead of her, her rudder jammed and she was rammed by K22. The two disabled submarines were then overtaken by the heavier units of the fleet, and K22 was struck by the battlecruiser , destroying the external ballast tanks on K22s starboard side. Despite the damage, both submarines remained afloat, with K22 making her way back to port under her own power. On hearing distress signals from the two submarines, Commander E. Leir aboard Ithuriel decided to turn the Flotilla back to go to the assistance of K14 and K22. This put the flotilla on a collision course with the rest of the fleet, including the 12th Submarine Flotilla. On meeting the fleet, Ithuriel had to turn to avoid the battlecruiser , which took the flotilla directly into the path of the 12th Flotilla. Fearless collided with K17, which sank, then K4, following Fearless, pulled out of line and stopped to avoid hitting K17 and Fearless, and was herself hit by K6, which cut K4 in two, and K7. Two submarines had been sunk with 103 killed.

Paragraph 21: Seed orchards are usually managed to obtain sustainable and large crops of seeds of good quality. To achieve this, the following methods are commonly applied: orchards are established on flat surface sites with southern exposure (better conditions for orchard maintenance and for seed production), no stands of the same species in close proximity (avoid strong pollen contamination), sufficient area to produce and be mainly pollinated with their own pollen cloud, cleaning the corridors between the rows, fertilising, and supplemental pollination. The genetic quality of seed orchards can be improved by genetic thinning and selective harvesting. In plantation forestry with southern yellow pines in the United States, almost all plants originate from seed orchards and most plantations are planted in family blocks, thus the harvest from each clone is kept separate during seed processing, plant production and plantation.

Paragraph 22: The bioclimatic coastal environment is classified as inframediterranean.  The vegetation consists of both native and imported species that have established a symbiotic ecosystem whereby the invasive species may provide protection from human traffic, strong winds or water erosion for the native plant. This is exemplified that the high density growth of Prickly pear cactus and  balsam spurge known locally as tabaiba. Both are abundant along the coastal region as close as 30 meters from the ocean, from Punta Teno to the Buenavista Lighthouse close to the border with Los Silos. Also prominent because of its size is Canary Island spurge. Two varieties of Patellifolia, patellaris and procumbens, are often found very close to the shore. Many of its characteristic resemble Tetragonia tetragonoides with which it shares a strong salt tolerance and mode of propagation. A few examples of Kleinia neriifolia can be found close to the basaltic cliffs. It becomes more dominant further inland, abundant on the volcanic dome (with a crater that was converted into a reservoir, known as Embalse Montaña de Taco) south of the Buenavista Lighthouse. A variety of Argyranthemum, (coronopifolium or adauctum) is abundant, Asparagus pastorianus is the major asparagus variety found along the coastal region. Astydamia latifolia is easily recognized as a plant of the celery family by is characteristic fragrance similar to angelica. It is important in the seasonal parched to green transformation of the coastal landscape as it loses most its leaves during the dry period that sprout again from a rizome after the first autumn rains. Large bushes of Salsola divaricata  remain predominantly green in the dry season flowering after the rains. Schizogyne sericea is ubiquitous forming large bushes with yellow flowers. Sea fennel recognizable from its distinct smell and grey-green color of its succulent leaves, is found on the basaltic cliffs a few meters from the ocean but seldom inland more than 200 meters. Other common plants are Euphorbia aphylla, Hyoscyamus albus, Mesembryanthemum crystallinum, Monanthes laxiflora, Nicotiana glauca, Periploca laevigata.

Paragraph 23: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.

Paragraph 24: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.

Paragraph 25: The bioclimatic coastal environment is classified as inframediterranean.  The vegetation consists of both native and imported species that have established a symbiotic ecosystem whereby the invasive species may provide protection from human traffic, strong winds or water erosion for the native plant. This is exemplified that the high density growth of Prickly pear cactus and  balsam spurge known locally as tabaiba. Both are abundant along the coastal region as close as 30 meters from the ocean, from Punta Teno to the Buenavista Lighthouse close to the border with Los Silos. Also prominent because of its size is Canary Island spurge. Two varieties of Patellifolia, patellaris and procumbens, are often found very close to the shore. Many of its characteristic resemble Tetragonia tetragonoides with which it shares a strong salt tolerance and mode of propagation. A few examples of Kleinia neriifolia can be found close to the basaltic cliffs. It becomes more dominant further inland, abundant on the volcanic dome (with a crater that was converted into a reservoir, known as Embalse Montaña de Taco) south of the Buenavista Lighthouse. A variety of Argyranthemum, (coronopifolium or adauctum) is abundant, Asparagus pastorianus is the major asparagus variety found along the coastal region. Astydamia latifolia is easily recognized as a plant of the celery family by is characteristic fragrance similar to angelica. It is important in the seasonal parched to green transformation of the coastal landscape as it loses most its leaves during the dry period that sprout again from a rizome after the first autumn rains. Large bushes of Salsola divaricata  remain predominantly green in the dry season flowering after the rains. Schizogyne sericea is ubiquitous forming large bushes with yellow flowers. Sea fennel recognizable from its distinct smell and grey-green color of its succulent leaves, is found on the basaltic cliffs a few meters from the ocean but seldom inland more than 200 meters. Other common plants are Euphorbia aphylla, Hyoscyamus albus, Mesembryanthemum crystallinum, Monanthes laxiflora, Nicotiana glauca, Periploca laevigata.

Paragraph 26: At a high point in 1932, using Douglas Anderson as the architect and Trollope & Colls as the builders, it had a house built, with grounds of 24 acres and a lake, for retired musicians, now called Merebank House, in what is now Beare Green. The name of the house is recorded on a postcard of the day, as "musicians' convalescent home, Holmwood" – the station 200 yards away is known as Holmwood railway station, and this area was then known as Holmwood.  Sir Henry Wood and Lady Wood, and the composer Baron Frédéric Alfred d'Erlanger were among those who attended a ceremony to lay the foundation stone of the musicians' home on 10 June 1932, where the arrival of the Baron was serenaded by 10 trumpeters, 10 trombonists and 10 drummers; musicians were present from the London Philharmonic Orchestra and from the Covent Garden Choir.  The Baron used a silver trowel (which was then gifted to him as a souvenir) to lay the home's foundation stone, still present, which bears only his name and the date the stone was laid, making no reference to Sir Henry Wood or to the purpose of the house; the write up of the ceremony to lay the foundation stone that was published in the Leatherhead and Dorking advertiser records that it was planned to build more properties in the grounds, for example a musicians' orphanage, noting that it had taken 10 years from 1922 to 1932, to raise the funds for the site and the first home there.  The planning portal of Mole Valley District Council records that permission was applied for in 1948 for three more homes on the site. Later, there was a performance there of Baron Frédéric's opera, Tess, and various other musical performances as recorded in the archives of Dorking museum.  Ralph Vaughan-Williams spent time at Leith Hill House, 2 miles away, but no record has yet been uncovered of his visiting the house.