Paragraph 1: Aufrère was the eldest son of Anthony Aufrère (1730–1814), of Hoveton Hall, Norfolk, a landowner and magistrate,  from a very large family of fifteen children- seven sons and eight daughters. His mother was Anna Norris (1728–1816), only daughter of John Norris, of Witton, in the same county, and sister to John Norris, founder of the Norrisian professorship at Cambridge. The Aufrère family were of noble French lineage, and proud Protestant Huguenots who had left France on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. As the eldest child, his parents had in mind a legal career for their son, and he was admitted to Gray’s Inn in 1773 as a fifteen-year-old. Not much is known about his early life but he appears to have got into serious financial difficulties and his friend, the Reverend William Gunn (1750–1841), rector of Sloley, Norfolk, helped him out in 1781 with his debts. Aufrère was called to the Bar in February 1782. Details pertaining to Inn practice and if Aufrère was allowed chambers remains unclear. Three years later a friend of Gunn's wrote to him in 1785 "Anthony has given up the law and is now at Boulogne". In what appears to have been an attempt to flee his creditors, he went abroad. He met up with his friend Gunn in Pisa, Italy, who was on a Grand Tour, and they both continued to Florence. According to Riviere, Gunn's biographer, Aufrère later settled in Florence in 1785. The American royalist Thomas Hall (1750–1824), chaplain to the British factory at Leghorn (Livorno), also an antiquary, wrote to Gunn in October 1785 about "news of Aufrère who lives at Pisa". Riviere writes of "Aufrere’s old lodgings by the centre bridge" presumably he lived in the Via Borgo Stretto by the Ponte di mezzo over the Arno river.  This proximity would explain part of Aufrère’s "Queries sent me by Mr. Gunn; with my answers (1786)", first published by Riviere in 1965, consisting of some 25 questions and answers on different Italian topics, ranging from the origin of the sham battle the Gioco del Ponte in Pisa to the Linnean name of the fish (Argentina Sphyrana) used in making false pearls at Rome. In January 1786 Aufrère travelled to Naples, and he said himself that he visited Rome for the first time in the winter of 1786, as he recalled seeing Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany there. In 1787 it was reported that he was back in Florence, and in the same year he was also in Geneva, where he studied with the celebrated language teacher Monsieur de Rodon.

Paragraph 2: On March 20, 2012, Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump revealed that Martin had been on the phone with a friend moments before he was shot. This friend later identified Zimmerman as the aggressor in the deadly confrontation. At Zimmerman's trial, this friend testified that she did not know whether Zimmerman or Martin started the fight. During an ABC News exclusive report, Crump allowed portions of his recorded interview with Martin's friend to be aired. She said that Martin told her that a man was watching him from his vehicle while talking on the phone before the man started following Martin. Martin told his friend at one point that he had lost the man but the man suddenly appeared again. The friend, originally known only as "Witness 8" (now known as Rachel Jeantel), said that she told Martin to run to the townhouse where he was staying with his father and his father's fiancée. She then heard Martin say, "What are you following me for?" followed by a man's voice responding, "What are you doing around here?" She testified that she then heard what sounded like Martin's phone earpiece dropping into wet grass, and she heard the sound of Martin's voice saying "Get off! Get off!" The phone then went dead, she said: "I was trying to say, 'Trayvon, Trayvon, what's going on'", Jeantel testified, "I started hearing a little of Trayvon saying 'Get off, get off', when the phone went silent". She immediately attempted to call him back, but was unable to reach him. Crump stated that he would turn the information over to the Justice Department because "the family does not trust the Sanford Police Department to have anything to do with the investigation." Martin's friend was subsequently interviewed by state prosecutors on April 2, 2012. During her interview with the prosecutor, Martin's friend recounted her last phone call with Martin and added that Martin had described the man as "crazy and creepy", watching him from a vehicle while the man was talking on the phone. She also testified that Martin referred to Zimmerman as a "creepy ass cracker" and "nigga" during their telephone conversation. On March 6, 2013, prosecutors admitted that she had lied under oath, when she falsely testified that she had been in the hospital on the day of Martin's funeral. She later admitted being embarrassed about lying and that she felt guilty about Martin's death and not doing more to help. Crump had refused to disclose the identity of Witness 8, stating that she was only 16, a minor at the time of the shooting, and asked the media to respect her privacy. It was subsequently revealed that she was actually 18 at the time when she said she was on the phone with Martin. According to the defense, her actual age had been edited out of previously released disclosures. Crump has denied intentionally giving any misleading statements about her age. Witness 8 was subsequently identified as Rachel Jeantel, a friend with whom Martin had attended elementary school and high school.

Paragraph 3: Aufrère was the eldest son of Anthony Aufrère (1730–1814), of Hoveton Hall, Norfolk, a landowner and magistrate,  from a very large family of fifteen children- seven sons and eight daughters. His mother was Anna Norris (1728–1816), only daughter of John Norris, of Witton, in the same county, and sister to John Norris, founder of the Norrisian professorship at Cambridge. The Aufrère family were of noble French lineage, and proud Protestant Huguenots who had left France on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. As the eldest child, his parents had in mind a legal career for their son, and he was admitted to Gray’s Inn in 1773 as a fifteen-year-old. Not much is known about his early life but he appears to have got into serious financial difficulties and his friend, the Reverend William Gunn (1750–1841), rector of Sloley, Norfolk, helped him out in 1781 with his debts. Aufrère was called to the Bar in February 1782. Details pertaining to Inn practice and if Aufrère was allowed chambers remains unclear. Three years later a friend of Gunn's wrote to him in 1785 "Anthony has given up the law and is now at Boulogne". In what appears to have been an attempt to flee his creditors, he went abroad. He met up with his friend Gunn in Pisa, Italy, who was on a Grand Tour, and they both continued to Florence. According to Riviere, Gunn's biographer, Aufrère later settled in Florence in 1785. The American royalist Thomas Hall (1750–1824), chaplain to the British factory at Leghorn (Livorno), also an antiquary, wrote to Gunn in October 1785 about "news of Aufrère who lives at Pisa". Riviere writes of "Aufrere’s old lodgings by the centre bridge" presumably he lived in the Via Borgo Stretto by the Ponte di mezzo over the Arno river.  This proximity would explain part of Aufrère’s "Queries sent me by Mr. Gunn; with my answers (1786)", first published by Riviere in 1965, consisting of some 25 questions and answers on different Italian topics, ranging from the origin of the sham battle the Gioco del Ponte in Pisa to the Linnean name of the fish (Argentina Sphyrana) used in making false pearls at Rome. In January 1786 Aufrère travelled to Naples, and he said himself that he visited Rome for the first time in the winter of 1786, as he recalled seeing Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany there. In 1787 it was reported that he was back in Florence, and in the same year he was also in Geneva, where he studied with the celebrated language teacher Monsieur de Rodon.

Paragraph 4: There has been a small series of works debating Korean Studies published in academic journals. A sort of historical overview by Charles Armstrong titled "Development and Directions of Korean Studies in the United States" comes strongly from Armstrong's perspective teaching history at Columbia University, as his work: "Focusing on the discipline of history, ... traces the emergence of Korean Studies in the 1950s, the evolution of the field and the changing backgrounds of American scholars working on Korea in the 1960s to 1980s, and the rapid growth of Korean Studies since the early 1990s." Another historian, Andre Schmid published an early contribution to the debate in 2008, challenging the ways that English academia was pushing or shaping the directions of Korean Studies. Schmid explained, "In the unequal global cultural arena where English still dominates, the direction of Korean Studies in the United States disproportionately shapes international representations of Korean culture." University of Berkeley Sociologist John Lie contributed two pieces to the debate, the more recent of which challenged the Korean Studies, claiming "senior Koreanists seem rather content with their progress, telling their followers bizarre tales from the field and seeking to reproduce the archaic and mistaken Harvard East Asia paradigm." Lie discusses the weaknesses he sees in this paradigm for the remainder of the essay. In 2018 CedarBough T Saeji published an article in Acta Koreana bringing in the perspective of teaching Korean Studies in Korea, focusing on "1) the struggle to escape the nation-state boundaries implied in the habitual terminology, particularly when teaching in the ROK, where the country is unmarked (한국,“Han’guk”), the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is marked (북한,“Pukhan”), and the diaspora is rarely mentioned at all; 2) the implications of the expansion of Korean Studies as a major within the ROK; 3) in-class navigations of Korean national pride, the trap of Korean uniqueness and (self-)orientalization and attitudes toward the West."

Paragraph 5: Aufrère was the eldest son of Anthony Aufrère (1730–1814), of Hoveton Hall, Norfolk, a landowner and magistrate,  from a very large family of fifteen children- seven sons and eight daughters. His mother was Anna Norris (1728–1816), only daughter of John Norris, of Witton, in the same county, and sister to John Norris, founder of the Norrisian professorship at Cambridge. The Aufrère family were of noble French lineage, and proud Protestant Huguenots who had left France on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. As the eldest child, his parents had in mind a legal career for their son, and he was admitted to Gray’s Inn in 1773 as a fifteen-year-old. Not much is known about his early life but he appears to have got into serious financial difficulties and his friend, the Reverend William Gunn (1750–1841), rector of Sloley, Norfolk, helped him out in 1781 with his debts. Aufrère was called to the Bar in February 1782. Details pertaining to Inn practice and if Aufrère was allowed chambers remains unclear. Three years later a friend of Gunn's wrote to him in 1785 "Anthony has given up the law and is now at Boulogne". In what appears to have been an attempt to flee his creditors, he went abroad. He met up with his friend Gunn in Pisa, Italy, who was on a Grand Tour, and they both continued to Florence. According to Riviere, Gunn's biographer, Aufrère later settled in Florence in 1785. The American royalist Thomas Hall (1750–1824), chaplain to the British factory at Leghorn (Livorno), also an antiquary, wrote to Gunn in October 1785 about "news of Aufrère who lives at Pisa". Riviere writes of "Aufrere’s old lodgings by the centre bridge" presumably he lived in the Via Borgo Stretto by the Ponte di mezzo over the Arno river.  This proximity would explain part of Aufrère’s "Queries sent me by Mr. Gunn; with my answers (1786)", first published by Riviere in 1965, consisting of some 25 questions and answers on different Italian topics, ranging from the origin of the sham battle the Gioco del Ponte in Pisa to the Linnean name of the fish (Argentina Sphyrana) used in making false pearls at Rome. In January 1786 Aufrère travelled to Naples, and he said himself that he visited Rome for the first time in the winter of 1786, as he recalled seeing Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany there. In 1787 it was reported that he was back in Florence, and in the same year he was also in Geneva, where he studied with the celebrated language teacher Monsieur de Rodon.

Paragraph 6: Al Hajj Sir Farimang Mamadi Singhateh, GCMG (10 November 1912 – 19 May 1977) was the second and last Governor-General of the Gambia, representing Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Succeeding Sir John Warburton Paul, who had previously been the last Governor of The Gambia before independence, Sir Farimang was the only Gambian citizen to hold that post, beginning in 1966. His wife Fanta Singhateh was the first Gambian woman to be First Lady. When the country became a republic in 1970, the office was abolished, and the Prime Minister, Dauda (later Sir Dawda) Kairaba Jawara became an executive President.

Paragraph 7: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 8, 1918 (amended by act of July 25, 1963), takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Major (Field Artillery) James Nicholas "Nick" Rowe (ASN: 0-91033), United States Army, for gallantry in action on 31 December 1968, while a prisoner of the Viet Cong in the U Minh Forest of South Vietnam. During the period 22 to 31 December 1968, after more than five years in Viet Cong prison camps, Major Rowe was forced by his captors to move at least twice daily to avoid friendly airstrikes. On 31 December at approximately 0900 hours, two helicopter gunships began firing into an area approximately 300 meters from his location. The guard detail consisted of one Viet Cong cadreman and five guards, one of whom was assigned to remain with Major Rowe at all times. The guard detail, while monitoring a radio, learned that South Vietnamese infantrymen were searching the terrain nearby. Becoming frightened, the guards moved Major Rowe into a large field of reeds, hoping to evade the infantry force. Major Rowe realized that if he were to escape, he must first get away from some of his guards, so he tricked them into splitting into smaller groups in order to exfiltrate the area. Major Rowe persuaded his one remaining guard that they were being surrounded and kept him moving in a circle through the dense underbrush. While doing so, Major Rowe was able to remove the magazine from the weapon slung across his guard's back. Finding a club, he overpowered his guard, knocking him unconscious, seized his radio, and moved 200 meters into a grassy area. At great personal risk he quickly cleared a section and signaled one of the circling helicopters, which landed and picked him up. His first action after rescue was to request permission to re-enter the area with combat troops and to continue the fight based upon his intimate knowledge of the area. Major Rowe's burning determination to escape, undiminished after five years of intimidation and deprivation, his clear-headedness in formulating an effective plan, and his audacity in executing it successfully, reflect the highest credit on his professionalism and extraordinary courage and are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service.

Paragraph 8: With highway revolts similarly occurring in cities across the country, the U.S. Congress passed the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1973 containing a provision that allowed state governments for the first time to transfer federal funds from withdrawn interstate projects to other transportation options, including mass transit. The Mount Hood Freeway and I-505 were officially removed from the Interstate Highway System in 1976 and 1979, respectively, but planning for the use of around $200 million from the Mount Hood Freeway and $154 million from I-505 on other projects in the Portland area started much earlier. In May 1973, Governor Tom McCall assembled a task force to determine alternative uses for the highway funds. The task force, in turn, recommended a network of "transitways". The task force was subsumed into CRAG in 1974, and CRAG incorporated its recommendations in an "Interim Transportation Plan" (ITP) adopted in June 1975. The ITP identified three corridors for potential funding using the highway funds: Banfield, Oregon City/Johnson Creek, and Sunset (Westside). In 1976, CRAG moved forward with a detailed study of the Banfield Corridor and put planning for the other corridors on hold. Among five alternatives developed by the Highway Division, including the removal or extension of an existing high-occupancy vehicle lane, a busway had been favored for the Banfield Corridor. Support for light rail on the corridor grew following the mode's inclusion as a sixth alternative in a 1977 EIS, though there was also opposition. Notable opposition came from the East County Concerned Citizens; 5,400 individuals signed a petition against any alternative involving light rail for costs and lack of presumed ridership. The group endorsed a plan to add an HOV lane and general lanes to Banfield instead. This opposition was notable, especially in comparison to the 340 individual comments received during a discussion period in 1977–1978.

Paragraph 9: Big Mouth opposed Spotted Tail's Lakota leadership and criticized his negotiations with Washington politicians. On October 29, 1869, Spotted Tail called at the door of Big Mouth's lodge, and asked to speak with him. On his appearance, he was seized by two warriors, who held him fast, while Spotted Tail drew a pistol, placed it against his body, and shot Big Mouth dead. Captain DeWitt C. Poole at the Whetstone Indian Agency reported Blue Horse's shock and anger to Big Mouth's murder. "Blue Horse started a violent harangue in the Sioux language. He had a rifle in one hand and a strung bow and a bunch of arrows in the other, and when he dropped his blanket, two navy Colts and a big scalping knife could be seen in their sheaths at his belt. He was in a raving fury, leaping and bounding about the room as he hurled accusations and threats at Chief Spotted Tail. Chief Big Mouth died toward dawn. Some hours later, Blue Horse came to agent Poole's office and told him that he felt so sad over the death of his great and good brother that he would have to wash off the paint he had put on his face for the feast the day before and begin mourning. The interpreter warned Poole that if this Indian washed his face and started mourning, it would mean the reopening of the feud and more shootings. The agent would give Blue Horse two blankets, that would comfort him, and he would refrain from washing his face and going gunning for Spotted Tail. The blankets were handed over, and the grieving brother went quietly away." Poole later reported that Spotted Tail made a prompt payment of a stipulated number of ponies to Blue Horse and that aboriginal law had been vindicated.

Paragraph 10: Rohit faces a tough time preparing for the case as his financial position is not as sound as Kiran's. He sells his best songs at a very low price so that he can fight the custody battle. During the court battle, Kiran's lawyer Bhujbal (Paresh Rawal) uses every possible trick to show that Rohit does not deserve the custody of his child. He even uses the information that Rohit had told Kiran only because he felt that she had a right to know about her son's life against him. Rohit instructs his lawyer to fight the case honestly as he does not wish to hurt Kiran and her reputation. In the end, the court rules in favor of the mother and Kiran is given custody of the child. During this time, common friends of Rohit and Kiran try to explain to Kiran that Rohit had changed for the better and that he was now very much attached to his son. Kiran also realises that their son would never find happiness only with her. She tells Rohit that she will not take Sunil away and that she wants him to stay at his own home to which Rohit replies that this was Kiran's home as well. Kiran seemingly moves to get out of the house but then closes the door and smiles.

Paragraph 11: During the development of Resident Evil: Degeneration, producer Hiroyuki Kobayashi stated that Leon and Claire returned as protagonists due to their relationship and role in Resident Evil 2 and the recent release of Resident Evil 4. Leon was also added too because of his experience, especially with how he works with the new character Angela. The producer said in 2009 would like to make another game starring Leon as the main character. Resident Evil 5s producer Jun Takeuchi said that the series' fans "would really love" a video game featuring both Leon and Chris as the protagonists due to their popularity, and at the same time, it would be "pretty dramatic" if the two characters never met before the series would end. Resident Evil 6s producer Kobayashi took a liking to Leon and decided to include him in the game since "he is central to the story". His eventual inclusion led to make his story be more horror-based than the rest of the cast and give a sense of incomplete as players would need to choose the other protagonists to understand it. His initial design is meant to be that of a civilian as well as giving the idea of being easy to fight. For his China design, the clothing is meant to give an air of stylishness that contrasts Chris' military equipment. His key color was blue. The initial jacket is also meant to fit a civilian look.

Paragraph 12: The family moved from Bradfield Southend, Berkshire, to Amman, Jordan, in May 1984, where her father worked for British Airways. Middleton attended an English-language nursery school. When her family returned to Berkshire in September 1986, she was enrolled aged four at St Andrew's School, a private school near Pangbourne in Berkshire. She boarded part-weekly at St Andrew's in her later years. In 1995, the Middletons moved to the village of Bucklebury. She studied at Downe House School. She was a boarder at Marlborough College, a co-educational independent boarding school in Wiltshire; Middleton showed talent in sports and was captain of the women's field hockey team. While at Marlborough, she underwent an operation on the left side of her head, reportedly to remove a lump. She obtained three A-Levels in 2000, with an 'A' in mathematics, an 'A' in art, and a 'B' in English. Despite being offered a seat at the University of Edinburgh, she took a gap year, studying at the British Institute of Florence in Italy and travelling to Chile to participate in a Raleigh International programme. She worked as a deckhand at the Port of Southampton in the summer preceding university. Middleton subsequently enrolled at University of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland, studying history of art. She briefly studied psychology before focusing solely on art history. She worked part-time as a waitress during her studies. While attending university, she achieved a gold Duke of Edinburgh Award. Middleton was an active member of The Lumsden Club, which held fundraisers and community projects each year. In 2005, Middleton graduated from the  University of St Andrews with an undergraduate MA (2:1 Hons) in the history of art.

Paragraph 13: The tafsir in English was written with the influence of Sirajul Haq MachliShahri. He knew very much about Daryabadis knowledge, personalities and good commanding in English language. Therefore, once he requested him to write a tafsir, which will be a modern and comparison of religions, because there is no English translation of the Quran for the Ahl al-Sunnah and whole Muslims. Then he had started to write this tafsir in English and taken six/seven years to write this tafsir from July 1933 to 1939. He has written this tafsir during the Second World War (1939-1945AC). He had written this tafsir by the suggestions of his several esteemed friends and scholars. It was completed with four volumes and was published first in 1941 by Darul Ishaat, Urdu Bazar, Karachi, Pakistan. On December, in 1941, the Introduction had been written by Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi and it had been published on 16 August, in 1981. Then it was published in 1991. The Author himself has written the Preface. In the preface, the Author has advised to the translators to follow the six main points and various sub-points about how to translate the Quran into English, because he has observed some problems to translate the Quran from Arabic into English. So, he has thought, there is no language in the world as well as Arabic. The first volume is started from Al-Fatiha to 82 verses of Al-Ma'idah. As if it is brief exegesis of the Quran but it is highly appreciated, admired, accepted and recommended. In the volume number 1, the pages are 454 and the index is 10 pages in addition. He had started to write this tafsir from 1933 and finished it in 1939 and published in 1941. It is titled Tafsir-ul-Quran: Translation and Commentary of the Holy Qurān and in Urdu, title is Al-Quran al-Hakim, completed in one volume. It was printed and published first in 1944 by Taj Company, Lahore, Pakistan. There is an appendix on Trade and interest after the end of Al-Baqara. It was written by Abul A'la Maududi, it is 2 pages in total, who was an editor of Tarjuman al-Quran, Lahore, Pakistan. It is related to the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara. He has interpreted the verse under the footnote no. 141–152, end of the footnote no. 145, in addition, the readers have been requested to see appendix at the end of the Surah to learn details from this verse no. 275. In as much as, he has included an appendix on Trade and Interest, written by Abul Ala Mawdudi in the interpretation of the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara, but he was a man of different school of thought. However, in his Urdu tafsir, there is no appendix on Trade and Interest by Abul Ala Mawdudi in the interpretation of the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara, there is his own interpretation in the footnote no. 1066–73. In his Urdu tafsir, he included six articles, against the interpretation of verse no. 183 of Al-Baqara, those are published in his weekly magazine Sach, from Lucknow, edited by Abdul Majid Daryabadi, in several dates; first is on 3 April in 1925, second is on 3 April in 1926, third is on 26 March in 1926, fourth is on 3 March in 1928, fifth is on 14 March in 1927 and sixth is on 21 March in 1927. But in his English tafsir, there are no articles included against the verse no. 183 of Al-Baqarah. The verse no. 3 of the An-Nisa, in the footnote no. 498, he has requested the readers to see appendix on polygamy at the end of the An-Nisa. It is 4 pages in total, but well written and logical and natural and physical also. He has made three questions about polygamy. They are: (i) Is polygamy unnatural? (ii) Is it immoral? (iii) Is it irrational? Then he has positively answered and proved logically that the adoption of polygamy as a necessity and after the war the population was greatly reduced and there was considerable surplus of females, so, it was real phenomena that for dignity and security of females and save the society from wild like sexual activities. In addition, it is limited in four against the activities of Jews and Christian. However, in his Urdu tafsir, there is no appendix on polygamy against the verse no. 3 of Al-Nisa; he has interpreted the verse in the footnote no. 10 of the Surah.

Paragraph 14:  Cycle 4 - Raven's Rock  (Agravakar): Little Mher - Pokr Mher and his Georgian wife go to Azerbaijan, where he is king for 7 years. A letter from his uncle has him quickly depart without his wife for Sassoun to defend it against Kuz-Badin's grandsons. Mher Junior captures them and nails two on each side of the gates of the city. Vergo, who is Mher's regent, still refuses to allow him to be king. He wants to return to his wife, but his uncle Ohan's wife Sara delays him and tries to seduce him. He refuses and she claims to Ohan that Mher tried to rape her, so his uncle locks him out of his house. Rather than force his way, he returns weeping to Azerbaijan, where he finds his wife dead. He heads to Aleppo whereupon the way he meets 40 strongmen sons and grandsons of the King of the East on camels and joins them. Their sister has magical powers and banished them, taking the throne herself. They decided to return for Mher to dispose of her. Mher meets a woman who he realizes must be their sister in disguise, decapitates her with a slap, and the brothers rejoice and offer Mher the throne. He declines and they all decide to go to Baghdad together to see the tomb of Mher's ancestor Balthasar. The king of Baghdad shows him the tomb, which is in front of his palace. The king complains about his enemies and Mher offers to destroy his worst enemy, which turns out to be the demon Kup Dev, with his 40 pahlevans. Mher went and fought him for 3 hours before striking off his head. As he was about to wipe out the pahlevans, they all got naked and he realized they were women. He took the women and the severed head to the King of Baghdad who offered Mher his throne. Mher refused and asked instead for a church to be built so that the 40 sons and grandsons from the east could marry these 40 women. It was done. Mher then refused the princess of Baghdad in marriage and left with the 80 newlyweds. Mher then goes to King Pajik, who offers to have him marry his daughter Gohar Katun, which after passing a few tests of worthiness, he does. Gohar refuses to sleep with Mher, unless he destroys another enemy, which he does. But the father's curse is being fulfilled. Mher remains childless. 

Paragraph 15: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 8, 1918 (amended by act of July 25, 1963), takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Major (Field Artillery) James Nicholas "Nick" Rowe (ASN: 0-91033), United States Army, for gallantry in action on 31 December 1968, while a prisoner of the Viet Cong in the U Minh Forest of South Vietnam. During the period 22 to 31 December 1968, after more than five years in Viet Cong prison camps, Major Rowe was forced by his captors to move at least twice daily to avoid friendly airstrikes. On 31 December at approximately 0900 hours, two helicopter gunships began firing into an area approximately 300 meters from his location. The guard detail consisted of one Viet Cong cadreman and five guards, one of whom was assigned to remain with Major Rowe at all times. The guard detail, while monitoring a radio, learned that South Vietnamese infantrymen were searching the terrain nearby. Becoming frightened, the guards moved Major Rowe into a large field of reeds, hoping to evade the infantry force. Major Rowe realized that if he were to escape, he must first get away from some of his guards, so he tricked them into splitting into smaller groups in order to exfiltrate the area. Major Rowe persuaded his one remaining guard that they were being surrounded and kept him moving in a circle through the dense underbrush. While doing so, Major Rowe was able to remove the magazine from the weapon slung across his guard's back. Finding a club, he overpowered his guard, knocking him unconscious, seized his radio, and moved 200 meters into a grassy area. At great personal risk he quickly cleared a section and signaled one of the circling helicopters, which landed and picked him up. His first action after rescue was to request permission to re-enter the area with combat troops and to continue the fight based upon his intimate knowledge of the area. Major Rowe's burning determination to escape, undiminished after five years of intimidation and deprivation, his clear-headedness in formulating an effective plan, and his audacity in executing it successfully, reflect the highest credit on his professionalism and extraordinary courage and are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service.

Paragraph 16: Max returns, and discovers Tanya is now dating his younger brother Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). Max tries to separate them by attempting to buy the house, seducing Jack's ex-girlfriend Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack), and planning to frame Jack for a crime he did not commit. Jack abducts Max and forces him to stay away, after which Max and Tanya kiss. Later that evening, he is the victim of a hit-and-run which Tanya confesses to and is arrested. However, Lauren admits that she was driving the car and turns herself in to the police. Tanya is released and Lauren goes into care. She is found not guilty of attempted murder but guilty of grievous bodily harm and decides to go home. Max and Tanya start a secret relationship and Tanya later allows Max to move back in. Max gets into debt and starts conning people with false insurance claims, including Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison), Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) and Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra). However, he is found out and debt collectors arrive and take his assets. Once the extent of Max's debts, lies and cons become clear, Tanya leaves with Lauren and Oscar but Abi stays. Max sinks into depression and sends Abi to live with her mother. Max and Bradley decide to go into business together and Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) rents the car lot to them. After Archie Mitchell's (Larry Lamb) murder on Christmas Day 2009, Max discovers that Bradley punched Archie because he raped Stacey, thinking that he is also the father of her baby. When the police come for Bradley two months later, Max helps him and Stacey flee but the police chase him to a rooftop where he stumbles and falls to his death. As Max and Stacey cry, she admits that she killed Archie. Stacey goes missing but Max finds her, and after an emotional confrontation, he takes her home and they agree not to tell anyone about Archie's murder.

Paragraph 17: Big Mouth opposed Spotted Tail's Lakota leadership and criticized his negotiations with Washington politicians. On October 29, 1869, Spotted Tail called at the door of Big Mouth's lodge, and asked to speak with him. On his appearance, he was seized by two warriors, who held him fast, while Spotted Tail drew a pistol, placed it against his body, and shot Big Mouth dead. Captain DeWitt C. Poole at the Whetstone Indian Agency reported Blue Horse's shock and anger to Big Mouth's murder. "Blue Horse started a violent harangue in the Sioux language. He had a rifle in one hand and a strung bow and a bunch of arrows in the other, and when he dropped his blanket, two navy Colts and a big scalping knife could be seen in their sheaths at his belt. He was in a raving fury, leaping and bounding about the room as he hurled accusations and threats at Chief Spotted Tail. Chief Big Mouth died toward dawn. Some hours later, Blue Horse came to agent Poole's office and told him that he felt so sad over the death of his great and good brother that he would have to wash off the paint he had put on his face for the feast the day before and begin mourning. The interpreter warned Poole that if this Indian washed his face and started mourning, it would mean the reopening of the feud and more shootings. The agent would give Blue Horse two blankets, that would comfort him, and he would refrain from washing his face and going gunning for Spotted Tail. The blankets were handed over, and the grieving brother went quietly away." Poole later reported that Spotted Tail made a prompt payment of a stipulated number of ponies to Blue Horse and that aboriginal law had been vindicated.

Paragraph 18: Al Hajj Sir Farimang Mamadi Singhateh, GCMG (10 November 1912 – 19 May 1977) was the second and last Governor-General of the Gambia, representing Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Succeeding Sir John Warburton Paul, who had previously been the last Governor of The Gambia before independence, Sir Farimang was the only Gambian citizen to hold that post, beginning in 1966. His wife Fanta Singhateh was the first Gambian woman to be First Lady. When the country became a republic in 1970, the office was abolished, and the Prime Minister, Dauda (later Sir Dawda) Kairaba Jawara became an executive President.

Paragraph 19: As a result of the change in role and more relaxed weight limits of a vehicle-mounted SAM, the design team made the 9M31 a much heavier missile, which permitted fewer design compromises than in the case of Strela-2 to achieve acceptable kinematic performance. The most notable difference is the much larger diameter of the missile and a blunt seeker head spanning the full width of the missile. With all else being equal, the ability of an optical seeker to detect a target is directly proportional to its diameter, but on the other hand aerodynamic drag increases proportionally to the square of the diameter.

Paragraph 20: Max returns, and discovers Tanya is now dating his younger brother Jack Branning (Scott Maslen). Max tries to separate them by attempting to buy the house, seducing Jack's ex-girlfriend Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack), and planning to frame Jack for a crime he did not commit. Jack abducts Max and forces him to stay away, after which Max and Tanya kiss. Later that evening, he is the victim of a hit-and-run which Tanya confesses to and is arrested. However, Lauren admits that she was driving the car and turns herself in to the police. Tanya is released and Lauren goes into care. She is found not guilty of attempted murder but guilty of grievous bodily harm and decides to go home. Max and Tanya start a secret relationship and Tanya later allows Max to move back in. Max gets into debt and starts conning people with false insurance claims, including Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison), Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) and Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra). However, he is found out and debt collectors arrive and take his assets. Once the extent of Max's debts, lies and cons become clear, Tanya leaves with Lauren and Oscar but Abi stays. Max sinks into depression and sends Abi to live with her mother. Max and Bradley decide to go into business together and Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) rents the car lot to them. After Archie Mitchell's (Larry Lamb) murder on Christmas Day 2009, Max discovers that Bradley punched Archie because he raped Stacey, thinking that he is also the father of her baby. When the police come for Bradley two months later, Max helps him and Stacey flee but the police chase him to a rooftop where he stumbles and falls to his death. As Max and Stacey cry, she admits that she killed Archie. Stacey goes missing but Max finds her, and after an emotional confrontation, he takes her home and they agree not to tell anyone about Archie's murder.

Paragraph 21: The family moved from Bradfield Southend, Berkshire, to Amman, Jordan, in May 1984, where her father worked for British Airways. Middleton attended an English-language nursery school. When her family returned to Berkshire in September 1986, she was enrolled aged four at St Andrew's School, a private school near Pangbourne in Berkshire. She boarded part-weekly at St Andrew's in her later years. In 1995, the Middletons moved to the village of Bucklebury. She studied at Downe House School. She was a boarder at Marlborough College, a co-educational independent boarding school in Wiltshire; Middleton showed talent in sports and was captain of the women's field hockey team. While at Marlborough, she underwent an operation on the left side of her head, reportedly to remove a lump. She obtained three A-Levels in 2000, with an 'A' in mathematics, an 'A' in art, and a 'B' in English. Despite being offered a seat at the University of Edinburgh, she took a gap year, studying at the British Institute of Florence in Italy and travelling to Chile to participate in a Raleigh International programme. She worked as a deckhand at the Port of Southampton in the summer preceding university. Middleton subsequently enrolled at University of St Andrews in Fife, Scotland, studying history of art. She briefly studied psychology before focusing solely on art history. She worked part-time as a waitress during her studies. While attending university, she achieved a gold Duke of Edinburgh Award. Middleton was an active member of The Lumsden Club, which held fundraisers and community projects each year. In 2005, Middleton graduated from the  University of St Andrews with an undergraduate MA (2:1 Hons) in the history of art.

Paragraph 22: Having attended a wedding party held in a hotel and became drunk, a young woman, wakes to realize in horror that her kidney has been surgically removed. Socialite Ching (Angelica Lee), who also attended the party, identified Ling (Karena Lam) as the prime suspect because she found out that Ling was the only stranger presented in the ball room. She is unknown to everyone in the party, even to the hotel staff. During the police investigation, Ching discovers that Ling has been secretly involved with her boyfriend Wai (Andy Hui Chi-On), and this is the very reason why she was in the hotel when the crime was committed. Ling was released uncharged due to insufficient evidence as police believed Ching could be framing her for cheating with her boyfriend. Rather than quickly disappear, Ling starts stalking Ching, apparently jealous that Ching could have everything Ling wanted without an effort while Ling has to fight for it. Ching, at the beginning, sees that as a form of harassment, but soon twists it around and follows Ling instead. Ling seems accepting of this, showing her the darker side of life living as a poor girl compared to Ching's rich-girl background. The two engage in a subtle cat-and-mouse game, and Ching begins to fear for her life when Ling starts making threats to remove her kidney too.

Paragraph 23: New Zealand lobbied the Australasian Council to participate in the Jubilee Australasian Football Carnival in 1908. At the time any player registered with the NZFL qualified for selection (similar rules applied to the Australian state sides), as a result there were a number of Australians in the team including some former professionals. At the tournament the touring side defeated both New South Wales and Queensland, it went on to play matches around the country. It was originally known as the "All Blacks" or the "Silver Ferns" like their rugby counterparts, at a time when it was still common for players to switch codes. This was the only time in the history of Australian rules "interstate" football matches that a team from New Zealand participated. It was anticipated that, immediately following the carnival, and before returning to New Zealand, the New Zealand team would play matches in Adelaide, Ballarat, Bendigo, Geelong, Sydney, Brisbane, and Newcastle.  New Zealand played a match, in Adelaide, on 1 September 1908 (Eight Hours Day), before the Governor, George Le Hunte, on a very wet ground (in several places the water was inches deep). South Australia won the match 5.8 (38) to 3.10 (28). The match was not as one-sided as the final scores indicate: the score at quarter time was South Australia 4.5 (29) to New Zealand 0.1 (1). In the process of the day, the New Zealand team performed two hakas, one before the match commenced, the other before the second half began. All in all, the New Zealand team won six out of the eleven matches they played on their tour, including the carnival matches against New South Wales and Queensland, and were described in the Melbourne press as "the surprise packet"; and, due to the fact that only two of their matches were played on dry grounds, they also became known as the "wet weather birds".

Paragraph 24: In 1868 before the birth of Dr. Jose Rizal, some settler of this place transferred their residence to the shoreline until the Balangiga Massacre happened on September 28, 1901. Some settlers from Balangiga transferred to the inhabitants community for they were afraid that the American forces might retaliate against them. The Population of this place increased in number and there came a man named SINGOY AMANTILLO, blessed with five children, namely BICARIO, MAURICIO ENRIQUE or “ IKING”, JACOBO alias “KA BUTA” and one known as LAMI. Then the family of a known man YSIDRO MISTA FERERAS came and settled here too. During the Spanish regime until late before the establishment of the commonwealth Republic, YSIDRO encouraged ENGRACIO AMANTILLO and MAURICIO AMANTILLO to change the name Umhanan to tinawgan to sitio Lipata, because of its numerous Lipata trees growing around and later on because of its recognition, As the gradual transition of time, leaping incidents continued its way for another generation of men. There came another famous man, BICARIO AMNATILLO, the famous fierce and brave soldier who was widely known throughout the Province of Samar as a revolutionary leader during the Filipino-American Revolution. He organized the resident of sitio Lipata for mutual defense against the Muslim bandits and other enemies. He worked also for the improvements of the sitio until the time of his capture. His right-hand man. YSIDRO M. FERRERAS, the contemporary revolutionary leaderalso fierce, diplomatic and gallant magistrate, succeeded him. He successfully worked for the improvement of this sitio for the welfare of this fellowmen. After the defeat of the Filipino by the American soldiers during the revolutionary era, civil government of the Philippine started as well as the American regime. The growth of the population in sitio Lipata has rapidly increased where in prominent figures came under the leadership of YSIDRO. They decided to settle in a barrio called Hilaba instead of sitio Lipata due to its considerable wider level of land area and hill in the middle where it was available for a church to be constructed. However, majority of the residents of sitio Lipata retracted the proposal on the ground that it was more difficult especially for bancas to reach the ashore at low tide. Finally Ysidro decided to convert sitio Lipata into the barrio Sto Niño of Basey Samar. Ysidro was elected as Mayor of basey, while Engracio was elected as Municipal Vice-Mayor and likewise, Mauricio was elected as the Cabeza del Barrio Sto. Niño. When the world war 11 broke out on December 7, 1941, the elementary Education in Barrio Sto. Niño was temporarily closed until the war ended in the year 1944. Early in 1949, the same mayor showed his never ending spirit of leadership when he submitted a proposal to President Elpidio Quirino for the conversion of Barrio Sto. Niño into a Municipality. On July 22, 1949, through the help of the late speaker of the house of Representative, Hon. Lorenzo Perez, Executive Order No. 247 was issued and signed by the President Creating the Municipality of Marabut, Samar in Honor of the late Cogressman SERAFIN MARABUT, a native of Basey, Samar. Ysidro M. Ferreras was elected as the first Municipal Mayor and Engracio Amantillo as the vice Mayor. Municipality of Marabut is composed of 14 barangays. Namely; San Roque, Tag-Alag, Legaspi, Caluayan, Tinabanan, Osmena, Canyoyo, Binocyahan, Odoc, Pinana-an, Sto. Nino (Pobl), Lipata, Amambucale, and Pinamitinan. A year later during the time of late mayor Macario Ferreras, through Municipal Ordinance, Poblacion Marabut was divided into four barangays. Amantillo, Sto. Nino, Catato, and Lipata. Brgy. Pinamitinan was divided into three barangays, Sta. Rita and Malobago, Brgy. Odoc was divided into two barangays, the brgy. Ferreras, Brgy. Binocyahan was divided into two barangays, brgy. Logero. Osmenia was divided into four, brgy. Mabuhay, Rono, and Panan-awan. Legaspi was divided into two, brgy. Veloso. Now Marabut has 24 barangays after all. The first barangay captain of brgy. Amantillo was Amado A. Opena. Henceforth, Brgy. Amantillo, Marabut has produced sons and daughters who are committed to hold the dreams of their forefather and turn them into magnificent realties.

Paragraph 25: As it is the capital of France, with government assemblies and offices and foreign embassies, Paris poses special issues of security and public order. Consequently, the national government has been responsible for providing law enforcement and emergency services since the creation of the Lieutenancy General of Police () by Louis XIV on March 15, 1667. Disbanded at the start of the French Revolution in 1789, it was replaced by the current Prefecture of Police created by Napoléon I on February 17, 1800. This means that, up until 2021, Paris did not have its own  and that the Police Nationale provided all of these services directly as a subdivision of France's Ministry of the Interior.

Paragraph 26: There has been a small series of works debating Korean Studies published in academic journals. A sort of historical overview by Charles Armstrong titled "Development and Directions of Korean Studies in the United States" comes strongly from Armstrong's perspective teaching history at Columbia University, as his work: "Focusing on the discipline of history, ... traces the emergence of Korean Studies in the 1950s, the evolution of the field and the changing backgrounds of American scholars working on Korea in the 1960s to 1980s, and the rapid growth of Korean Studies since the early 1990s." Another historian, Andre Schmid published an early contribution to the debate in 2008, challenging the ways that English academia was pushing or shaping the directions of Korean Studies. Schmid explained, "In the unequal global cultural arena where English still dominates, the direction of Korean Studies in the United States disproportionately shapes international representations of Korean culture." University of Berkeley Sociologist John Lie contributed two pieces to the debate, the more recent of which challenged the Korean Studies, claiming "senior Koreanists seem rather content with their progress, telling their followers bizarre tales from the field and seeking to reproduce the archaic and mistaken Harvard East Asia paradigm." Lie discusses the weaknesses he sees in this paradigm for the remainder of the essay. In 2018 CedarBough T Saeji published an article in Acta Koreana bringing in the perspective of teaching Korean Studies in Korea, focusing on "1) the struggle to escape the nation-state boundaries implied in the habitual terminology, particularly when teaching in the ROK, where the country is unmarked (한국,“Han’guk”), the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is marked (북한,“Pukhan”), and the diaspora is rarely mentioned at all; 2) the implications of the expansion of Korean Studies as a major within the ROK; 3) in-class navigations of Korean national pride, the trap of Korean uniqueness and (self-)orientalization and attitudes toward the West."

Paragraph 27: Alexander Stockton Cussons was born on 30 December 1914. Schooled near Montreux, in Switzerland, he became fluent in French and German. Whilst he was at school, he played in a jazz band as the drummer. After joining the family firm in Manchester at Cussons Sons and Company limited, his father sent him out to South Africa to run the factory that his sister Marjorie and her husband Leslie Goodwin had founded before the war. Alex served in the South African army during the war. Whilst in South Africa, he met and married Wendy Grace Johnston (born 1 October 1925), on 25 February 1947, Their son, Jeremy Alexander Cussons was born on 2 September 1950 in South Africa, followed by another son, Richard Stockton Cussons (born 1 October 1957). On the death of Leslie (above), Cussons soap was led by Alexander Stockton Cussons, who became chairman from 1963 to 1968, when ill health forced him to retire and move away from the smog and pollution of Manchester to the healthier climate of South Africa. He made a full recovery there and became a director of several companies, as well as owning a beautiful farm in the Natal Midlands, where he farmed Hereford cattle. He became well known and well respected in the business community in Durban and the midlands, and died in 1986 after a debilitating illness that left him bed bound for the last 9 months of his life. Jeremy attended Marlborough school, and was a successful county tennis player during his teens, before he contracted poliomyelitis in 1968 in Germany, where he was treated at Cologne hospital for many months. He recovered and after a brief sojourn in South Africa with his parents, went farming in the Isle of Man. He married Elizabeth and had two children, Leo Alexander, and Angela. The marriage did not last, and he remarried Rebecca, and they had two children, Sebastian and Francesca. Leo currently owns a DIY shop in Port Erin. Angela lives in Oxfordshire. Sebastian is a successful London lawyer. Francesca owns "My Adorable Friend", a business selling natural products for pets. Richard Cussons married Suzanne in 1979 and they have had four children: Julie,(1983) who died at the age of two, Hazel (1985) who lives in Knutsford, Elizabeth (1988) who works in the banking sector in Germany, and Alexandra (1990) who is studying for her M.A. in Psychology. Richard is a committed Christian who studied for his BTh (hons) at Liverpool University, followed by his M.A. in Religion and Theology at Manchester University. He became a lay minister in the Church of England in 1997, and a Local preacher in the Methodist church in 2007, roles he holds jointly, being one of the first to do so after special permission was obtained from the Bishop of Chester following the Anglican Methodist Covenant of 2000. Richard is on the Readers council in the Diocese of Chester, and is District Tutor in the Stockport and Manchester District of the Methodist Church of Great Britain. He has been in retail, when he was Chairman of the Knutsford Chamber of Commerce in the 1990s, and subsequently retrained to be a teacher of Theology and Philosophy at Secondary schools and a VIth form college in Cheshire, a successful change of career move, as he achieved outstanding results for his students. Richard currently runs a Property Management business in Cheshire. Suzanne is a highly qualified Psychotherapist (BSc, BA, MA) with a private practice in Cheshire.

Paragraph 28: Big Mouth opposed Spotted Tail's Lakota leadership and criticized his negotiations with Washington politicians. On October 29, 1869, Spotted Tail called at the door of Big Mouth's lodge, and asked to speak with him. On his appearance, he was seized by two warriors, who held him fast, while Spotted Tail drew a pistol, placed it against his body, and shot Big Mouth dead. Captain DeWitt C. Poole at the Whetstone Indian Agency reported Blue Horse's shock and anger to Big Mouth's murder. "Blue Horse started a violent harangue in the Sioux language. He had a rifle in one hand and a strung bow and a bunch of arrows in the other, and when he dropped his blanket, two navy Colts and a big scalping knife could be seen in their sheaths at his belt. He was in a raving fury, leaping and bounding about the room as he hurled accusations and threats at Chief Spotted Tail. Chief Big Mouth died toward dawn. Some hours later, Blue Horse came to agent Poole's office and told him that he felt so sad over the death of his great and good brother that he would have to wash off the paint he had put on his face for the feast the day before and begin mourning. The interpreter warned Poole that if this Indian washed his face and started mourning, it would mean the reopening of the feud and more shootings. The agent would give Blue Horse two blankets, that would comfort him, and he would refrain from washing his face and going gunning for Spotted Tail. The blankets were handed over, and the grieving brother went quietly away." Poole later reported that Spotted Tail made a prompt payment of a stipulated number of ponies to Blue Horse and that aboriginal law had been vindicated.

Paragraph 29: The Sunrisers Hyderabad started their campaign at home on a winning note defeating the Pune Warriors by 22 runs in a low-scoring match. Amit Mishra was adjudged man of the match for his contribution of 3/19 in four overs. The Sunrisers also won their second match at home, another low-scoring thriller, against the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Super Over by five runs after both teams tied on total-score of 130 in 20 overs. Hanuma Vihari was awarded man of the match for his unbeaten match winning knock of 44 in 46 balls. The Sunrisers suffered their first defeat against the same opponent in a high-scoring away match when they faced each other two days later. Cameron White scored the first half-century for the Sunrisers to help the team post a challenging total of 161 in 20 overs but Royal Challengers' captain, Virat Kohli's unbeaten knock of 93 in 47 balls completed the chase for the Royal Challengers. Later, the Sunrisers won their first away match against the Delhi Daredevils by three wickets with Mishra contributing again in the Sunrisers' win with 1/15 in four overs and an unbeaten 16 off 14 balls. The Sunrisers lost to the Kolkata Knight Riders in an away tie by 48 runs where Gautam Gambhir's side outscoring the Sunrisers with skipper himself winning man of the match for his knock of 53 in 45 balls. The Sunrisers successfully defended their low-total of 119 against the Warriors in an away tie with Mishra winning his third man of the award for his all-round performance of scoring 30 runs and taking 4/19 in four overs. He also created a record of being the first player to take hat-trick for the Sunrisers and also the first player to take three hat-tricks in the Indian Premier League. This win also helped the Sunrisers achieve their first double this season by winning their both encounters against the Warriors. The Sunrisers extended their winning streak in home games to three with another win against the Kings XI Punjab. Vihari helped the Sunrisers chase the total of 124 in just 18.5 overs with five wickets to spare for which he was awarded the man of the match. The Sunrisers lost their next match to the Chennai Super Kings by five wickets as the match-winning knock of an unbeaten 67 off 37 balls by their captain MS Dhoni won him the man of the match award.

Paragraph 30: Having attended a wedding party held in a hotel and became drunk, a young woman, wakes to realize in horror that her kidney has been surgically removed. Socialite Ching (Angelica Lee), who also attended the party, identified Ling (Karena Lam) as the prime suspect because she found out that Ling was the only stranger presented in the ball room. She is unknown to everyone in the party, even to the hotel staff. During the police investigation, Ching discovers that Ling has been secretly involved with her boyfriend Wai (Andy Hui Chi-On), and this is the very reason why she was in the hotel when the crime was committed. Ling was released uncharged due to insufficient evidence as police believed Ching could be framing her for cheating with her boyfriend. Rather than quickly disappear, Ling starts stalking Ching, apparently jealous that Ching could have everything Ling wanted without an effort while Ling has to fight for it. Ching, at the beginning, sees that as a form of harassment, but soon twists it around and follows Ling instead. Ling seems accepting of this, showing her the darker side of life living as a poor girl compared to Ching's rich-girl background. The two engage in a subtle cat-and-mouse game, and Ching begins to fear for her life when Ling starts making threats to remove her kidney too.

Paragraph 31: New Zealand lobbied the Australasian Council to participate in the Jubilee Australasian Football Carnival in 1908. At the time any player registered with the NZFL qualified for selection (similar rules applied to the Australian state sides), as a result there were a number of Australians in the team including some former professionals. At the tournament the touring side defeated both New South Wales and Queensland, it went on to play matches around the country. It was originally known as the "All Blacks" or the "Silver Ferns" like their rugby counterparts, at a time when it was still common for players to switch codes. This was the only time in the history of Australian rules "interstate" football matches that a team from New Zealand participated. It was anticipated that, immediately following the carnival, and before returning to New Zealand, the New Zealand team would play matches in Adelaide, Ballarat, Bendigo, Geelong, Sydney, Brisbane, and Newcastle.  New Zealand played a match, in Adelaide, on 1 September 1908 (Eight Hours Day), before the Governor, George Le Hunte, on a very wet ground (in several places the water was inches deep). South Australia won the match 5.8 (38) to 3.10 (28). The match was not as one-sided as the final scores indicate: the score at quarter time was South Australia 4.5 (29) to New Zealand 0.1 (1). In the process of the day, the New Zealand team performed two hakas, one before the match commenced, the other before the second half began. All in all, the New Zealand team won six out of the eleven matches they played on their tour, including the carnival matches against New South Wales and Queensland, and were described in the Melbourne press as "the surprise packet"; and, due to the fact that only two of their matches were played on dry grounds, they also became known as the "wet weather birds".

Paragraph 32: The tafsir in English was written with the influence of Sirajul Haq MachliShahri. He knew very much about Daryabadis knowledge, personalities and good commanding in English language. Therefore, once he requested him to write a tafsir, which will be a modern and comparison of religions, because there is no English translation of the Quran for the Ahl al-Sunnah and whole Muslims. Then he had started to write this tafsir in English and taken six/seven years to write this tafsir from July 1933 to 1939. He has written this tafsir during the Second World War (1939-1945AC). He had written this tafsir by the suggestions of his several esteemed friends and scholars. It was completed with four volumes and was published first in 1941 by Darul Ishaat, Urdu Bazar, Karachi, Pakistan. On December, in 1941, the Introduction had been written by Abul Hasan Ali Hasani Nadwi and it had been published on 16 August, in 1981. Then it was published in 1991. The Author himself has written the Preface. In the preface, the Author has advised to the translators to follow the six main points and various sub-points about how to translate the Quran into English, because he has observed some problems to translate the Quran from Arabic into English. So, he has thought, there is no language in the world as well as Arabic. The first volume is started from Al-Fatiha to 82 verses of Al-Ma'idah. As if it is brief exegesis of the Quran but it is highly appreciated, admired, accepted and recommended. In the volume number 1, the pages are 454 and the index is 10 pages in addition. He had started to write this tafsir from 1933 and finished it in 1939 and published in 1941. It is titled Tafsir-ul-Quran: Translation and Commentary of the Holy Qurān and in Urdu, title is Al-Quran al-Hakim, completed in one volume. It was printed and published first in 1944 by Taj Company, Lahore, Pakistan. There is an appendix on Trade and interest after the end of Al-Baqara. It was written by Abul A'la Maududi, it is 2 pages in total, who was an editor of Tarjuman al-Quran, Lahore, Pakistan. It is related to the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara. He has interpreted the verse under the footnote no. 141–152, end of the footnote no. 145, in addition, the readers have been requested to see appendix at the end of the Surah to learn details from this verse no. 275. In as much as, he has included an appendix on Trade and Interest, written by Abul Ala Mawdudi in the interpretation of the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara, but he was a man of different school of thought. However, in his Urdu tafsir, there is no appendix on Trade and Interest by Abul Ala Mawdudi in the interpretation of the verse no. 275 of Al-Baqara, there is his own interpretation in the footnote no. 1066–73. In his Urdu tafsir, he included six articles, against the interpretation of verse no. 183 of Al-Baqara, those are published in his weekly magazine Sach, from Lucknow, edited by Abdul Majid Daryabadi, in several dates; first is on 3 April in 1925, second is on 3 April in 1926, third is on 26 March in 1926, fourth is on 3 March in 1928, fifth is on 14 March in 1927 and sixth is on 21 March in 1927. But in his English tafsir, there are no articles included against the verse no. 183 of Al-Baqarah. The verse no. 3 of the An-Nisa, in the footnote no. 498, he has requested the readers to see appendix on polygamy at the end of the An-Nisa. It is 4 pages in total, but well written and logical and natural and physical also. He has made three questions about polygamy. They are: (i) Is polygamy unnatural? (ii) Is it immoral? (iii) Is it irrational? Then he has positively answered and proved logically that the adoption of polygamy as a necessity and after the war the population was greatly reduced and there was considerable surplus of females, so, it was real phenomena that for dignity and security of females and save the society from wild like sexual activities. In addition, it is limited in four against the activities of Jews and Christian. However, in his Urdu tafsir, there is no appendix on polygamy against the verse no. 3 of Al-Nisa; he has interpreted the verse in the footnote no. 10 of the Surah.

Paragraph 33: Al Hajj Sir Farimang Mamadi Singhateh, GCMG (10 November 1912 – 19 May 1977) was the second and last Governor-General of the Gambia, representing Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Succeeding Sir John Warburton Paul, who had previously been the last Governor of The Gambia before independence, Sir Farimang was the only Gambian citizen to hold that post, beginning in 1966. His wife Fanta Singhateh was the first Gambian woman to be First Lady. When the country became a republic in 1970, the office was abolished, and the Prime Minister, Dauda (later Sir Dawda) Kairaba Jawara became an executive President.

Paragraph 34: Aufrère was the eldest son of Anthony Aufrère (1730–1814), of Hoveton Hall, Norfolk, a landowner and magistrate,  from a very large family of fifteen children- seven sons and eight daughters. His mother was Anna Norris (1728–1816), only daughter of John Norris, of Witton, in the same county, and sister to John Norris, founder of the Norrisian professorship at Cambridge. The Aufrère family were of noble French lineage, and proud Protestant Huguenots who had left France on the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. As the eldest child, his parents had in mind a legal career for their son, and he was admitted to Gray’s Inn in 1773 as a fifteen-year-old. Not much is known about his early life but he appears to have got into serious financial difficulties and his friend, the Reverend William Gunn (1750–1841), rector of Sloley, Norfolk, helped him out in 1781 with his debts. Aufrère was called to the Bar in February 1782. Details pertaining to Inn practice and if Aufrère was allowed chambers remains unclear. Three years later a friend of Gunn's wrote to him in 1785 "Anthony has given up the law and is now at Boulogne". In what appears to have been an attempt to flee his creditors, he went abroad. He met up with his friend Gunn in Pisa, Italy, who was on a Grand Tour, and they both continued to Florence. According to Riviere, Gunn's biographer, Aufrère later settled in Florence in 1785. The American royalist Thomas Hall (1750–1824), chaplain to the British factory at Leghorn (Livorno), also an antiquary, wrote to Gunn in October 1785 about "news of Aufrère who lives at Pisa". Riviere writes of "Aufrere’s old lodgings by the centre bridge" presumably he lived in the Via Borgo Stretto by the Ponte di mezzo over the Arno river.  This proximity would explain part of Aufrère’s "Queries sent me by Mr. Gunn; with my answers (1786)", first published by Riviere in 1965, consisting of some 25 questions and answers on different Italian topics, ranging from the origin of the sham battle the Gioco del Ponte in Pisa to the Linnean name of the fish (Argentina Sphyrana) used in making false pearls at Rome. In January 1786 Aufrère travelled to Naples, and he said himself that he visited Rome for the first time in the winter of 1786, as he recalled seeing Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany there. In 1787 it was reported that he was back in Florence, and in the same year he was also in Geneva, where he studied with the celebrated language teacher Monsieur de Rodon.

Paragraph 35: Al Hajj Sir Farimang Mamadi Singhateh, GCMG (10 November 1912 – 19 May 1977) was the second and last Governor-General of the Gambia, representing Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Succeeding Sir John Warburton Paul, who had previously been the last Governor of The Gambia before independence, Sir Farimang was the only Gambian citizen to hold that post, beginning in 1966. His wife Fanta Singhateh was the first Gambian woman to be First Lady. When the country became a republic in 1970, the office was abolished, and the Prime Minister, Dauda (later Sir Dawda) Kairaba Jawara became an executive President.

Paragraph 36: Two triumphal arches to welcome the new viceroy were commissioned. One was designed by seventeenth-century savant and professor at the University of Mexico Don Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora and the other by nun and acclaimed poet, Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz. Their selection for this high honor was important for both, since they were of somewhat marginal status, Sigüenza as a failed Jesuit, Sor Juana as a woman of illegitimate birth. Sigüenza was a creole patriot, "who sought to endow the imperial city of Mexico with both a distinguished past and a glorious present," He published an explanation of the themes of his triumphal arch for the new viceroy, "The Political Virtues That Constitute a Ruler, Observed in the Ancient Monarchs of the Mexican Empire, Whose Effigies Adorn the Arch Erected by the Very Noble Imperial City of Mexico".  The structure included niches for the Aztec monarchs of Mexico along with the Aztec god Huitzilopochtli to indicate to the viceroy that Mexico had a royal history prior to its becoming New Spain. Sor Juana's arch took the allegorical theme of Neptune. The title of her explanatory publication was "Allegorical Neptune, Ocean of Colors, Political Simulacrum, Erected by the Noble, Holy, and August Metropolitan Church of Mexico City, in the Magnificent Allegorical Concepts of a Triumphal Arch Solicitously Consecrated and Lovingly Dedicated to the Joyful Entrance of the Most Excellent Don Tomás Antonio de la Cerda, Count of Paredes, Marquess de la Laguna, Viceroy, Governor, and Captain General of Our New Spain".  Choosing the theme of "allegorical Neptune" might be her allusion to the viceroy's noble title Marquess de la Laguna (marquess of the lake) and "the arch was a model of the virtues of kings and princes such as Neptune and the Viceroy."The viceroy became a patron of Sor Juana, continuing the practice dating from the viceroy, the Marquis of Mancera.

Paragraph 37: As it is the capital of France, with government assemblies and offices and foreign embassies, Paris poses special issues of security and public order. Consequently, the national government has been responsible for providing law enforcement and emergency services since the creation of the Lieutenancy General of Police () by Louis XIV on March 15, 1667. Disbanded at the start of the French Revolution in 1789, it was replaced by the current Prefecture of Police created by Napoléon I on February 17, 1800. This means that, up until 2021, Paris did not have its own  and that the Police Nationale provided all of these services directly as a subdivision of France's Ministry of the Interior.

Paragraph 38: As with all priesthood in the Community of Christ, members of the Council of Twelve are considered to be "called by God." The Prophet-President "receives" the call, and after consultation with the other two members of the First Presidency, "presents" the call to the candidate. If the candidate accepts, the candidates name is presented to the World Conference and the call is sustained by majority vote. New apostles are ordained in a special worship service held during the World Conference. Prior to the Presidency of W. Grant McMurray, the call of apostles and other members of presiding quorums of the church were named in an "inspired document" that was added to the scriptures of the church in the Doctrine and Covenants. McMurray and others believed that the lengthy passages related to priesthood calls reduced the readability of the Doctrine and Covenants. Since that time, these priesthood calls have been presented in a separate document that is not included in the Doctrine and Covenants. Most appointee ministers live in the Independence, Missouri, area, however, the current trend is to base apostles in the field. Each apostle has an office in the Independence Temple and they share administrative staff.

Paragraph 39: With highway revolts similarly occurring in cities across the country, the U.S. Congress passed the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1973 containing a provision that allowed state governments for the first time to transfer federal funds from withdrawn interstate projects to other transportation options, including mass transit. The Mount Hood Freeway and I-505 were officially removed from the Interstate Highway System in 1976 and 1979, respectively, but planning for the use of around $200 million from the Mount Hood Freeway and $154 million from I-505 on other projects in the Portland area started much earlier. In May 1973, Governor Tom McCall assembled a task force to determine alternative uses for the highway funds. The task force, in turn, recommended a network of "transitways". The task force was subsumed into CRAG in 1974, and CRAG incorporated its recommendations in an "Interim Transportation Plan" (ITP) adopted in June 1975. The ITP identified three corridors for potential funding using the highway funds: Banfield, Oregon City/Johnson Creek, and Sunset (Westside). In 1976, CRAG moved forward with a detailed study of the Banfield Corridor and put planning for the other corridors on hold. Among five alternatives developed by the Highway Division, including the removal or extension of an existing high-occupancy vehicle lane, a busway had been favored for the Banfield Corridor. Support for light rail on the corridor grew following the mode's inclusion as a sixth alternative in a 1977 EIS, though there was also opposition. Notable opposition came from the East County Concerned Citizens; 5,400 individuals signed a petition against any alternative involving light rail for costs and lack of presumed ridership. The group endorsed a plan to add an HOV lane and general lanes to Banfield instead. This opposition was notable, especially in comparison to the 340 individual comments received during a discussion period in 1977–1978.

Paragraph 40: As a result of the change in role and more relaxed weight limits of a vehicle-mounted SAM, the design team made the 9M31 a much heavier missile, which permitted fewer design compromises than in the case of Strela-2 to achieve acceptable kinematic performance. The most notable difference is the much larger diameter of the missile and a blunt seeker head spanning the full width of the missile. With all else being equal, the ability of an optical seeker to detect a target is directly proportional to its diameter, but on the other hand aerodynamic drag increases proportionally to the square of the diameter.

Paragraph 41: As it is the capital of France, with government assemblies and offices and foreign embassies, Paris poses special issues of security and public order. Consequently, the national government has been responsible for providing law enforcement and emergency services since the creation of the Lieutenancy General of Police () by Louis XIV on March 15, 1667. Disbanded at the start of the French Revolution in 1789, it was replaced by the current Prefecture of Police created by Napoléon I on February 17, 1800. This means that, up until 2021, Paris did not have its own  and that the Police Nationale provided all of these services directly as a subdivision of France's Ministry of the Interior.

Paragraph 42: Al Hajj Sir Farimang Mamadi Singhateh, GCMG (10 November 1912 – 19 May 1977) was the second and last Governor-General of the Gambia, representing Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. Succeeding Sir John Warburton Paul, who had previously been the last Governor of The Gambia before independence, Sir Farimang was the only Gambian citizen to hold that post, beginning in 1966. His wife Fanta Singhateh was the first Gambian woman to be First Lady. When the country became a republic in 1970, the office was abolished, and the Prime Minister, Dauda (later Sir Dawda) Kairaba Jawara became an executive President.