Paragraph 1: In 1998, Paxson broke the KXLI/KXLT simulcast by selling KXLT to Shockley Communications, who converted that station into a full-powered Fox affiliate for the Rochester–Austin–Mason City market; that station would replace two Minneapolis-based stations, WFTC and KMSP-TV, on cable and satellite providers in the Rochester market. Paxson also changed KXLI's call letters to KPXM, and the station would join the Pax TV network (later i: Independent Television and now Ion Television) later in 1998. The station also got a significant technical overhaul, replacing the 1970s-vintage La Kart tape switching equipment. It also moved to a new, much more powerful tower in Big Lake. It is the tallest structure in Minnesota, standing  tall—nearly twice as high as the skyscrapers of downtown Minneapolis. The new tower more than doubled the station's coverage area, which was now comparable to those of the major Twin Cities stations.

Paragraph 2: The City Council was headed by the Mayor, Karl Friedrich Giese. His deputy was a member of the (German National People's Party), chemist Rievers, known from the plebiscite period. The board members were Allzat, Brockob, Filzek and Seifert. The City Council had 21 councilors and its chairman was the merchant Falk. Both the Board and the City Council were politically pluralistic. Among the four members of the Municipal Executive there was onesocial democrat (SPD), one member of the People's Party and two conservatives. Among the 21 members of the City Council there was one fascist, thirteen conservatives, four social democrats, one communist, one centre (Zentrum), one democrat and one people's man. There was also one representative of the craft and two members of the economic party. This political pluralism did not prevent the Board and the City Council from making very far-sighted and prospective decisions that were beneficial for the city. Such decisions also include the free transfer of building plots to industrial or manufacturing plants, the transfer of plots of land for the construction of public buildings on very convenient terms, and finally the free transfer of plots of land to the garrison for the development of recreational and tourist infrastructure. At meetings of the City Board and the City Council, decisions were taken by a majority of votes. With a predominance of Conservatives both in the same body and in the other, it might not have been difficult to obtain such a majority. Only that first the mayor had to get the majority for these decisions and the majority, and this task was for the mayor. A lot depended on his authority. The fact that the mayor of Giese joyed such an authority mainly among the town's inhabitants is proved by the fact that in 1922 he was elected for a second, twelve-year term. For the first time Karl Friedrich Giese was elected mayor of Ilawa on 6 June 1910, for the second time in 1922, and it was only the take over of power by the Nazis in 1933 that did not allow him to survive until the end of his term. The term of office of the City Board and City Council lasted six years. We do not know whether the elections to the Board and Council also took place in 1910, that this was the case, can be seen from the mention of the pastor of the Catholic parish in Ilawa, who said that in 1930, by the votes of four Protestants and two Catholics, he was elected to the City Council. This would mean that this year there were elections for a new Board and a new City Council, which in turn means that Giese, during his more than twenty years as mayor in Iława, had to work with four different or almost different teams of people, consisting of the City Board and City Council. Following the mention of Fr. Maier can be assumed that the elections to the City Council took place in 1910, the next ones were in 1916, but probably due to the war they were postponed to 1918, while the next ones took place in 1924 and 1930. When choosing these people, they probably remembered their recent active participation in the plebiscite fight for Germany.

Paragraph 3: The Z-boys began as a surf team for the Zephyr surfboard shop at Santa Monica. Jeff Ho, Skip Engblom, and Craig Stecyk opened the shop, titled Jeff Ho Surfboards and Zephyr Production Team, in 1973, and they soon begin recruiting young locals to represent them in surfing competitions. 14 year old Nathan Pratt was the first member of the team; he originally had worked in the shop as an apprentice surfboard shaper under Ho, Engblom, and Stecyk. In an interview with Juice Magazine, Pratt notes the following:"Within our world, the surf team was primary and the skate team was secondary. Allen Sarlo, Tony Alva, Jay Adams, Stacy Peralta, Chris Cahill and myself were on the surf team before there was a skate team. We were junior members of the surf team along with John Baum, Jimmy and Ricky Tavarez and Brian Walker. Guys like Ronnie Jay, Wayne Inouye, Wayne Saunders, Pat Kaiser, Barry Amos, Jeff Sibley, Bill Urbany and Adrian Reif were the top dogs. The history, skill and accomplishments of all the team members was represented in those shirts. Then we added Bob Biniak, Wentzle Ruml, Paul Constantineau, Jim Muir, Shogo Kubo and Peggy Oki to the skate team so that a team shirt represented a decent number of people."In 1974, Allen Sarlo, Jay Adams, Tony Alva, Chris Cahill, and Stacey Peralta joined the Zephyr team; these local youths exhibited street style and aggressive mannerisms both on and off the surfboard. The majority of the team lived in the "Dogtown" area of Santa Monica; their primary surfing spot was the Cove at Pacific Ocean Park. However, thanks to the invention of urethane wheels, the Z-boys began to transition their surfing style to skateboarding.

Paragraph 4: On January 15, 2003, VMA-311 deployed to the Northern Persian Gulf as part of Amphibious Task Force West.  On March 21, 2003, almost 59 years to the day after VMF-311’s first combat sortie in World War II, they flew their first combat sortie of Operation Iraqi Freedom. During the war they flew over 550 sorties while dropping 77 tons of precision ordnance, destroying or neutralizing 132 Iraqi targets while operating from two amphibious assault carriers,  and . The squadron returned from the Persian Gulf on July 24, 2003.  In early 2005, the squadron deployed to Al Asad Air Base in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, while simultaneously deploying a 6 jet 90 Marine detachment to MAG-12 in Iwakuni, Japan to support the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit.  In early 2008, the squadron made its final deployment to Al Asad Air Base in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, while simultaneously deploying a 6 jet detachment aboard the USS Peleliu (LHA 5) in support of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit. The squadron's 2008 deployment to Iraq marked the Marine Corps Harrier's final participation in Operation Iraqi Freedom, and on 5 October 2008, VMA-311's aircraft were the last Harriers to fly combat missions in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. For the year 2008, VMA-311 had the distinction of being selected as the Marine Corps "Attack Squadron of the Year" by the Marine Corps Aviation Association (MCAA). Operation Iraqi Freedom deployments were soon followed in 2010 with deployments again to the 15th MEU and a Unit Deployment Program to the Pacific region. While there, they spent over two months aboard  with the 31st MEU while participating in the multilateral exercises Cobra Gold 2010 and Balikatan 2010. VMA-311 deployed to Camp Bastion, Helmand Province, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom from April to September 2013.

Paragraph 5: Oryza punctata is a caespitose (tussock forming) annual hydrophyte (grows in/ on water). The culm base of O. punctata is spongy and greater than 4mm in diameter. The culm is glabrous (smooth and without hairs) and striate (parallel longitudinal grooves); it is erect or geniculately (bent like a knee) ascending and from 50–120 cm tall with 3-5 nodes. The leaf sheath is scarious, often spongy, aerenchymous (spongy tissue that forms spaces of air channels), distinctly striate, it can be loose and often slips away from stem, rounded or slightly keeled towards the upper section, auricled at the mouth, smooth and glabrous. Leaf Lamina are between 15–45 cm and 0.5-2.5 cm in length and width respectively, they are linear or narrowly elliptic, acuminate, broadest in the middle, pale green or rarely glaucous, slightly flaccid, expanded or folded at the midrib, asperulous (slightly rough), has a distinct midrib visible beneath. Ligules are mostly greater than 4mm in length and up to 8mm; they are soft, rounded, truncate or somewhat acute, whitish and often split along their longitudinal axis when dried; ligules are occasionally lacerate/ glabrous.  Flowering occurs from November to April. Inflorescence panicles branch structure is spreading, 15-35 x 3–17 cm, solitary or occasionally adnate; narrow to widely elliptic or occasionally fan shaped. These panicles are erect or drooping slightly, rachides obtusely angular; glabrous or inconspicuously scaberulous, pedicels 2-5mm in length. Spikelet length and width are between 4.9-6.5mm and 1.9-2.6mm respectively (length is usually 2.5x width). Spikelets are transversely attached to the pedicel, they are asymmetrically elliptic to oblong or broadly oblong viewed laterally, glaucous/ greyish-green. Intermediate forms have been observed where it can be difficult to distinguish between O. punctata and O. eichingeri. Glumes are much reduced to a thin whitish rim. Sterile lemmas are about equal in dimensions,1-1.5mm in length, glabrous, acute and triangular. Fertile lemma are just shorter than the spikelet, they are semi-elliptic-oblong when viewed laterally, coriaceous; flanks are finely tesselate, shortly but stiffly hispid or rarely glabrous, keel and margins are ciliate, lateral apical protrusions almost always distinct. O. punctata awns are pale yellow, have rigid bristles which are straight or flexuous and commonly exceed 3 cm (2-7.5 cm) in length. Palea are shorter and thinner than the lemma, apex acute or tapering into a point. Anthers are 1.3-1.5mm long and oblong shaped with a pale violet colour. Botanically the Fruits of rice plants are known as caryopses, which here are 4-4.75mm x 1.5-1.75mm in length and width respectively; they are oblong, glabrous and pale brown.

Paragraph 6: The Magic has four fixed fins, four movable fins directly behind the fixed fins, and four notched fins on the tail, which is mounted on a bearing and is free to rotate independently of the missile.  This is in contrast with the AIM-9, which makes use of "rollerons," which are slipstream driven gyros mounted on the tail fins which stabilize the missile in three axes, and have no fixed fin "canards" forward of the moving fins.  Its diameter is larger than the Sidewinder's, which is 5 inches (127 mm) and a legacy of the US Navy's five-inch rocket, from which the AIM-9 is derived; the larger diameter simplified engineering.  It has a solid-fuel engine, and can engage the target independently from the firing aircraft with its passive infrared homing system.

Paragraph 7: They began season with intercontinental round of World League 2015. First match with Russia, Poland won 3–0. Most Valuable Player of match was Mateusz Bieniek, who played his first match in senior national team. After break to national team returned a few players – Bartosz Kurek, Jakub Jarosz, Grzegorz Łomacz, Piotr Gacek, Wojciech Grzyb. Next day, Poland beat Russia in five-set match (3–2). Most Valuable Player of match was Bartosz Kurek (23 pts). On 5 June 2015 Poland beat Iran (3–1). Bartosz Kurek scored 30 pts and he was Most Valuable Player of match. Next day, Poland won another meeting with Iran (3–2) and MVP was chosen Michał Kubiak. On 12 June 2015 Poland lost first match with United States (3–2) after almost 3 hours meeting. It was first lost match of Poland since 10 September 2014, when they lost with U.S. national team at World Championship. Next day, Poland also lost with American players (3–1). After spending one week in United States, Poland moved to Russian ground – Kazan, where won two matches against Russia (3–1) and (3–2). Then they flew to Tehran. After a spectacular meeting, Poland lost first match on 26 June (3–2). Two days later, Polish national team beat Iran (3–1). Polish team spent three weeks in tour and they came back to Poland on last matches of intercontinental round with United States. On 3 July 2015 Poland beat USA in tie-break and achieved two points, which gave Polish team a qualification to final round of World League 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. Next day, they lost match (1–3). Poland qualified for the Pool J with Serbia and Italy. On 17 July Poland won match over Italy (3–1) and qualified to semi-final. Main leader in this important meeting was Michał Kubiak, who scored 19 pts. Next day, Serbia won over Poland (2–3), but Polish team gained 1 pt and took first place in Pool J. On 18 July, Poland lost semi-final with France (2–3). On 19 July Poland did not achieve bronze, because of lost with USA (0–3). Polish team had problems with own errors. Poland took 4th place in edition of the World League 2015. Polish players achieved two individual awards – Michał Kubiak was one of the Best Outside Spiker and Paweł Zatorski was Best Libero. In 2–9 August all players, whose were in final round in Rio de Janeiro went to training camp in Arłamów and two players joined to team (Włodarczyk, Kłos). Then the team without Wrona was training in Spała.

Paragraph 8: Salars in Qinghai live on both banks of the Yellow river, south and north, the northern ones are called Hualong or Bayan Salars while the southern ones are called Xunhua Salars. The region north of the Yellow river is a mix of discontinuous Salar and Tibetan villages while the region south of the yellow river is solidly Salar with no gaps in between, since Hui and Salars pushed the Tibetans on the south region out earlier. Tibetan women who converted to Islam were taken as wives on both banks of the river by Salar men. Tibetans witness Salar life passages in Kewa, a Salar village and Tibetan butter tea is consumed by Salars there as well. Other Tibetan cultural influences like Salar houses having four corners with a white stone on them became part of Salar culture as long as they were not prohibited by Islam. Hui people started assimilating and intermarrying with Salars in Xunhua after migrating there from Hezhou in Gansu due to the Chinese Ming dynasty ruling the Xunhua Salars after 1370 and Hezhou officials governed Xunhua. Many Salars with the Ma surname appear to be of Hui descent since many Salars now have the Ma surname while in the beginning the majority of Salars had the Han surname. Some example of Hezhou Hui who became Salars are the Chenjia (Chen family) and Majia (Ma family) villages in Altiuli where the Chen and Ma families are Salars who admit their Hui ancestry. Marriage ceremonies, funerals, birth rites and prayer were shared by both Salar and Hui as they intermarried and shared the same religion since more and more Hui moved into the Salar areas on both banks of the Yellow river. Many Hui women married Salar men and eventually it became far more popular for Hui and Salar to intermarry due to both being Muslims than to non-Muslim Han, Mongols and Tibetans. The Salar language and culture however was highly impacted in the 14th-16th centuries in their original ethnogenesis by marriage with Mongol and Tibetan non-Muslims with many loanwords and grammatical influence by Mongol and Tibetan in their language. Salars were multilingual in Salar and Mongol and then in Chinese and Tibetan as they trade extensively in the Ming, Qing and Republic of China periods on the yellow river in Ningxia and Lanzhou in Gansu.

Paragraph 9: Appointed an assistant surgeon in the Indian Medical Service of Bengal in 1850, he was posted at Chinsura, Cherrapunji and Dacca. He saw action as a field surgeon during the Burmese campaign of 1852. For his service, Lord Dalhousie made him political assistant and Residency surgeon at Lucknow in 1853. He married Bethia Mary, daughter of Brigadier General Andrew Spens, on 4 October 1855, at Lucknow. During the Indian Mutiny, his home in Lucknow became a hospital as well as a fortress. It was at his home that Sir Henry Montgomery Lawrence died. His wife and child survived and they were relieved on 17 November 1857. He left India on furlough in 1858 and obtained an MD from the University of Edinburgh Medical School in March 1859, presenting the thesis "On amputation at the hip-joint and excision of the head of the femur".  Returning to India in 1859, he became professor of surgery at the Medical College of Calcutta, and was briefly a personal surgeon to Lord Mayo in 1869 and when the Prince of Wales made his tour in India he was appointed to accompany him as physician. He was later appointed Physician Extraordinary to King Edward VII in 1901. Returning to England in 1872, he acted as president of the Medical Board of the India office from 1874 to 1895, president of the Epidemiological Society for 1879-1881 and on 7 February 1896 he was created a baronet. Fayrer held a position against the germ theory of cholera which had led to the idea of quarantine (which he considered as evil) and preferred the idea that disease was restricted to particular locations, with factors such as air, water, and weather being responsible.

Paragraph 10: The gameplay of X-COM: Alliance would emphasize team management and tactics. Through the first-person perspective, the player would assemble and lead squads through a series of story-driven missions with various primary and secondary (optional) objectives. Teams of up to four members would be selected from a pool of soldiers, scientists and engineers (and later also friendly aliens). Each team member would have different skills as well as their own unique abilities, voices, personalities and attitudes, and was supposed to be acting differently from the others even if put in similar situations. The characters' speech, movement, and combat effectiveness would also rely on their emotional state, influenced by their individual personal traits and conditions such as their surroundings and levels of morale and fatigue.

Paragraph 11: The Spectre is one of the main characters in the miniseries Final Crisis: Revelations. The Spectre/Crispus first took vengeance upon Doctor Light for all of his crimes against humanity, then was sent to enact vengeance on Libra for the death of the Martian Manhunter. Libra was somehow unaffected by the Spectre's powers and nearly killed him, but the Spectre used his powers to escape. Afterward, Allen swore that he would no longer do as God said, attempting to revoke his status as the Spectre, but was instead called by God to enact vengeance on his former partner Renee Montoya for her sins. He was stopped in his judgment by Radiant, the Spirit of Mercy, another loyal servant of the Presence tasked with granting God's mercy to repentant beings or those forced to act against their pure intentions. The Radiant admonished Crispus Allen about using his powers in a more responsible way, changing the world as the former host of the Spectre did instead of enacting retribution over one soul at time. Radiant's forgiveness caused Allen to suffer a crisis of faith, demanding to know why Renee was forgiven whereas Allen was forced to kill his own son. Meanwhile, in a world corrupted by Darkseid and the Anti-Life Equation, the Cult of the Stone, a religious sect devoted to the adoration of Cain, used the Spear of Destiny, carelessly misplaced by Allen himself while judging Montoya, to resurrect Cain in the body of Vandal Savage. Cain agreed to lead his forces against the Spectre in retaliation for his curse. Using the Spear of Destiny, Cain stabbed the Spectre and separated him from Allen, effectively killing the human host. The Spectre was placed under Cain's control and Allen's spirit departed the scene and visited his son's grave. When Montoya managed to take the spear from Cain and purify it, freeing the Spectre, Allen willingly returned to his role as its human host after Montoya used the spear to revive his son. United, they defeated Cain and the Cult of Crime. Allen thanked Montoya for her assistance before the Presence called him and the Radiant on to their next mission.

Paragraph 12: Mormon missionaries were sent to Polynesia starting in the 1850s. Many of their converts wanted to emigrate or "gather" to Utah with the main body of the Church, but were restricted by law, particularly in Hawaii. In the 1870s the Hawaiian government began to allow emigration, and by 1889 some 75 Native Hawaiians had gathered in the northern Salt Lake City neighborhood near Warm Springs Park. Despite their common faith, the immigrants experienced significant culture shock, as well as mistreatment by the white majority. The Polynesians were barred from staying in white-owned hotels and were refused service at restaurants in Salt Lake City. Church leaders began searching for a location to set aside as a Hawaiian enclave, but four decades of settlement had occupied most of the desirable land in the Salt Lake area.

Paragraph 13: The Magic has four fixed fins, four movable fins directly behind the fixed fins, and four notched fins on the tail, which is mounted on a bearing and is free to rotate independently of the missile.  This is in contrast with the AIM-9, which makes use of "rollerons," which are slipstream driven gyros mounted on the tail fins which stabilize the missile in three axes, and have no fixed fin "canards" forward of the moving fins.  Its diameter is larger than the Sidewinder's, which is 5 inches (127 mm) and a legacy of the US Navy's five-inch rocket, from which the AIM-9 is derived; the larger diameter simplified engineering.  It has a solid-fuel engine, and can engage the target independently from the firing aircraft with its passive infrared homing system.

Paragraph 14: The City Council was headed by the Mayor, Karl Friedrich Giese. His deputy was a member of the (German National People's Party), chemist Rievers, known from the plebiscite period. The board members were Allzat, Brockob, Filzek and Seifert. The City Council had 21 councilors and its chairman was the merchant Falk. Both the Board and the City Council were politically pluralistic. Among the four members of the Municipal Executive there was onesocial democrat (SPD), one member of the People's Party and two conservatives. Among the 21 members of the City Council there was one fascist, thirteen conservatives, four social democrats, one communist, one centre (Zentrum), one democrat and one people's man. There was also one representative of the craft and two members of the economic party. This political pluralism did not prevent the Board and the City Council from making very far-sighted and prospective decisions that were beneficial for the city. Such decisions also include the free transfer of building plots to industrial or manufacturing plants, the transfer of plots of land for the construction of public buildings on very convenient terms, and finally the free transfer of plots of land to the garrison for the development of recreational and tourist infrastructure. At meetings of the City Board and the City Council, decisions were taken by a majority of votes. With a predominance of Conservatives both in the same body and in the other, it might not have been difficult to obtain such a majority. Only that first the mayor had to get the majority for these decisions and the majority, and this task was for the mayor. A lot depended on his authority. The fact that the mayor of Giese joyed such an authority mainly among the town's inhabitants is proved by the fact that in 1922 he was elected for a second, twelve-year term. For the first time Karl Friedrich Giese was elected mayor of Ilawa on 6 June 1910, for the second time in 1922, and it was only the take over of power by the Nazis in 1933 that did not allow him to survive until the end of his term. The term of office of the City Board and City Council lasted six years. We do not know whether the elections to the Board and Council also took place in 1910, that this was the case, can be seen from the mention of the pastor of the Catholic parish in Ilawa, who said that in 1930, by the votes of four Protestants and two Catholics, he was elected to the City Council. This would mean that this year there were elections for a new Board and a new City Council, which in turn means that Giese, during his more than twenty years as mayor in Iława, had to work with four different or almost different teams of people, consisting of the City Board and City Council. Following the mention of Fr. Maier can be assumed that the elections to the City Council took place in 1910, the next ones were in 1916, but probably due to the war they were postponed to 1918, while the next ones took place in 1924 and 1930. When choosing these people, they probably remembered their recent active participation in the plebiscite fight for Germany.

Paragraph 15: The gameplay of X-COM: Alliance would emphasize team management and tactics. Through the first-person perspective, the player would assemble and lead squads through a series of story-driven missions with various primary and secondary (optional) objectives. Teams of up to four members would be selected from a pool of soldiers, scientists and engineers (and later also friendly aliens). Each team member would have different skills as well as their own unique abilities, voices, personalities and attitudes, and was supposed to be acting differently from the others even if put in similar situations. The characters' speech, movement, and combat effectiveness would also rely on their emotional state, influenced by their individual personal traits and conditions such as their surroundings and levels of morale and fatigue.

Paragraph 16: The character's most recent incarnation is in the fifth film, simply titled Scream (2022). Set twenty-five years after the conclusion of the original film, Sidney—in her fifth appearance—is a 42-year-old married mother of three. She is revealed to have returned to her life away from Woodsboro, and in the ten years since the events of Scream 4, she reconnected with and started a family with her now-husband, Mark Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey), who she first met during the events of Scream 3, when he was a police detective investigating the murders in Hollywood. She is phoned by her now-estranged ally, Dewey and warned to stay away from Woodsboro following the return of Ghostface yet again—now targeting relatives of Billy Loomis and Stu Macher. Despite this, she returns to her hometown after hearing about Dewey’s murder, and consoles Gale in the hospital. Billy's daughter Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) rejects their offer for help to bring down the killer once and for all, but a skeptical Sidney nonetheless places a tracking device on the car of Sam's boyfriend Richie Kirsch (Jack Quaid), leading her and Gale to the former home of Stu, now housed by Amber Freeman (Mikey Madison). They are met by a distressed Amber who reveals herself as one of the killers after an unsuccessful attempt to disguise herself as a stab victim. Sidney enters the house alone to find Amber and is taunted by the other killer, though she isn't fazed at all by the taunting phone call and hangs up on him; the other killer is later revealed to be Richie. Following a confrontation with the killers, Sidney is stabbed by Amber. However, with the help of an injured Gale, the pair subdue and light Amber on fire, before she is shot in the head by Tara (Jenna Ortega), Sam's teenage half-sister. After Sam kills Richie, Sidney provides mental reassurance for her, as Sidney and Gale wait for the ambulance transportation to the hospital for her injuries.

Paragraph 17: The character's most recent incarnation is in the fifth film, simply titled Scream (2022). Set twenty-five years after the conclusion of the original film, Sidney—in her fifth appearance—is a 42-year-old married mother of three. She is revealed to have returned to her life away from Woodsboro, and in the ten years since the events of Scream 4, she reconnected with and started a family with her now-husband, Mark Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey), who she first met during the events of Scream 3, when he was a police detective investigating the murders in Hollywood. She is phoned by her now-estranged ally, Dewey and warned to stay away from Woodsboro following the return of Ghostface yet again—now targeting relatives of Billy Loomis and Stu Macher. Despite this, she returns to her hometown after hearing about Dewey’s murder, and consoles Gale in the hospital. Billy's daughter Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) rejects their offer for help to bring down the killer once and for all, but a skeptical Sidney nonetheless places a tracking device on the car of Sam's boyfriend Richie Kirsch (Jack Quaid), leading her and Gale to the former home of Stu, now housed by Amber Freeman (Mikey Madison). They are met by a distressed Amber who reveals herself as one of the killers after an unsuccessful attempt to disguise herself as a stab victim. Sidney enters the house alone to find Amber and is taunted by the other killer, though she isn't fazed at all by the taunting phone call and hangs up on him; the other killer is later revealed to be Richie. Following a confrontation with the killers, Sidney is stabbed by Amber. However, with the help of an injured Gale, the pair subdue and light Amber on fire, before she is shot in the head by Tara (Jenna Ortega), Sam's teenage half-sister. After Sam kills Richie, Sidney provides mental reassurance for her, as Sidney and Gale wait for the ambulance transportation to the hospital for her injuries.

Paragraph 18: They began season with intercontinental round of World League 2015. First match with Russia, Poland won 3–0. Most Valuable Player of match was Mateusz Bieniek, who played his first match in senior national team. After break to national team returned a few players – Bartosz Kurek, Jakub Jarosz, Grzegorz Łomacz, Piotr Gacek, Wojciech Grzyb. Next day, Poland beat Russia in five-set match (3–2). Most Valuable Player of match was Bartosz Kurek (23 pts). On 5 June 2015 Poland beat Iran (3–1). Bartosz Kurek scored 30 pts and he was Most Valuable Player of match. Next day, Poland won another meeting with Iran (3–2) and MVP was chosen Michał Kubiak. On 12 June 2015 Poland lost first match with United States (3–2) after almost 3 hours meeting. It was first lost match of Poland since 10 September 2014, when they lost with U.S. national team at World Championship. Next day, Poland also lost with American players (3–1). After spending one week in United States, Poland moved to Russian ground – Kazan, where won two matches against Russia (3–1) and (3–2). Then they flew to Tehran. After a spectacular meeting, Poland lost first match on 26 June (3–2). Two days later, Polish national team beat Iran (3–1). Polish team spent three weeks in tour and they came back to Poland on last matches of intercontinental round with United States. On 3 July 2015 Poland beat USA in tie-break and achieved two points, which gave Polish team a qualification to final round of World League 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. Next day, they lost match (1–3). Poland qualified for the Pool J with Serbia and Italy. On 17 July Poland won match over Italy (3–1) and qualified to semi-final. Main leader in this important meeting was Michał Kubiak, who scored 19 pts. Next day, Serbia won over Poland (2–3), but Polish team gained 1 pt and took first place in Pool J. On 18 July, Poland lost semi-final with France (2–3). On 19 July Poland did not achieve bronze, because of lost with USA (0–3). Polish team had problems with own errors. Poland took 4th place in edition of the World League 2015. Polish players achieved two individual awards – Michał Kubiak was one of the Best Outside Spiker and Paweł Zatorski was Best Libero. In 2–9 August all players, whose were in final round in Rio de Janeiro went to training camp in Arłamów and two players joined to team (Włodarczyk, Kłos). Then the team without Wrona was training in Spała.

Paragraph 19: In 1978, Harry made her Broadway debut in A Broadway Musical. Throughout the 1980s she starred in numerous productions both on and off Broadway and in national touring productions. In 1994, Harry made her return to the theater by starring as Billie Holiday in the play Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill. Following that stage production, she fulfilled the role of "madam who runs a bordello" in the Broadway musical The Boys from Syracuse. In the mid 2000s, she appeared in stage productions of The Sunshine Boys, Damn Yankees, and A Christmas Carol. She also toured nationally in JD Lawrence's The Clean Up Woman.

Paragraph 20: The Spectre is one of the main characters in the miniseries Final Crisis: Revelations. The Spectre/Crispus first took vengeance upon Doctor Light for all of his crimes against humanity, then was sent to enact vengeance on Libra for the death of the Martian Manhunter. Libra was somehow unaffected by the Spectre's powers and nearly killed him, but the Spectre used his powers to escape. Afterward, Allen swore that he would no longer do as God said, attempting to revoke his status as the Spectre, but was instead called by God to enact vengeance on his former partner Renee Montoya for her sins. He was stopped in his judgment by Radiant, the Spirit of Mercy, another loyal servant of the Presence tasked with granting God's mercy to repentant beings or those forced to act against their pure intentions. The Radiant admonished Crispus Allen about using his powers in a more responsible way, changing the world as the former host of the Spectre did instead of enacting retribution over one soul at time. Radiant's forgiveness caused Allen to suffer a crisis of faith, demanding to know why Renee was forgiven whereas Allen was forced to kill his own son. Meanwhile, in a world corrupted by Darkseid and the Anti-Life Equation, the Cult of the Stone, a religious sect devoted to the adoration of Cain, used the Spear of Destiny, carelessly misplaced by Allen himself while judging Montoya, to resurrect Cain in the body of Vandal Savage. Cain agreed to lead his forces against the Spectre in retaliation for his curse. Using the Spear of Destiny, Cain stabbed the Spectre and separated him from Allen, effectively killing the human host. The Spectre was placed under Cain's control and Allen's spirit departed the scene and visited his son's grave. When Montoya managed to take the spear from Cain and purify it, freeing the Spectre, Allen willingly returned to his role as its human host after Montoya used the spear to revive his son. United, they defeated Cain and the Cult of Crime. Allen thanked Montoya for her assistance before the Presence called him and the Radiant on to their next mission.

Paragraph 21: Many scholars, including Lonsdale, believe that the poem's message is too universal to require a specific event or place for inspiration, but Gray's letters suggest that there were historical influences in its composition. In particular, it is possible that Gray was interested in debates over the treatment of the poor, and that he supported the political structure of his day, which was to support the poor who worked but look down on those that refused to. However, Gray's message is incomplete, because he ignored the poor's past rebellions and struggles. The poem ignores politics to focus on various comparisons between a rural and urban life in a psychological manner. The argument between living a rural life or urban life lets Gray discuss questions that answer how he should live his own life, but the conclusion of the poem does not resolve the debate as the narrator is able to recreate himself in a manner that reconciles both types of life while arguing that poetry is capable of preserving those who have died. It is probable that Gray wanted to promote the hard work of the poor but to do nothing to change their social position. Instead of making claims of economic injustice, Gray accommodates differing political views. This is furthered by the ambiguity in many of the poem's lines, including the statement "Some Cromwell guiltless of his country's blood" that could be read either as Oliver Cromwell being guiltless for violence during the English Civil War or merely as villagers being compared to the guilty Cromwell. The poem's primary message is to promote the idea of "Englishness", and the pastoral English countryside. The earlier version lacks many of the later version's English aspects, especially as Gray replaced many classical figures with English ones: Cato the Younger by Hampden, Tully by Milton, and Julius Caesar by Cromwell.

Paragraph 22: The character's most recent incarnation is in the fifth film, simply titled Scream (2022). Set twenty-five years after the conclusion of the original film, Sidney—in her fifth appearance—is a 42-year-old married mother of three. She is revealed to have returned to her life away from Woodsboro, and in the ten years since the events of Scream 4, she reconnected with and started a family with her now-husband, Mark Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey), who she first met during the events of Scream 3, when he was a police detective investigating the murders in Hollywood. She is phoned by her now-estranged ally, Dewey and warned to stay away from Woodsboro following the return of Ghostface yet again—now targeting relatives of Billy Loomis and Stu Macher. Despite this, she returns to her hometown after hearing about Dewey’s murder, and consoles Gale in the hospital. Billy's daughter Sam Carpenter (Melissa Barrera) rejects their offer for help to bring down the killer once and for all, but a skeptical Sidney nonetheless places a tracking device on the car of Sam's boyfriend Richie Kirsch (Jack Quaid), leading her and Gale to the former home of Stu, now housed by Amber Freeman (Mikey Madison). They are met by a distressed Amber who reveals herself as one of the killers after an unsuccessful attempt to disguise herself as a stab victim. Sidney enters the house alone to find Amber and is taunted by the other killer, though she isn't fazed at all by the taunting phone call and hangs up on him; the other killer is later revealed to be Richie. Following a confrontation with the killers, Sidney is stabbed by Amber. However, with the help of an injured Gale, the pair subdue and light Amber on fire, before she is shot in the head by Tara (Jenna Ortega), Sam's teenage half-sister. After Sam kills Richie, Sidney provides mental reassurance for her, as Sidney and Gale wait for the ambulance transportation to the hospital for her injuries.

Paragraph 23: They began season with intercontinental round of World League 2015. First match with Russia, Poland won 3–0. Most Valuable Player of match was Mateusz Bieniek, who played his first match in senior national team. After break to national team returned a few players – Bartosz Kurek, Jakub Jarosz, Grzegorz Łomacz, Piotr Gacek, Wojciech Grzyb. Next day, Poland beat Russia in five-set match (3–2). Most Valuable Player of match was Bartosz Kurek (23 pts). On 5 June 2015 Poland beat Iran (3–1). Bartosz Kurek scored 30 pts and he was Most Valuable Player of match. Next day, Poland won another meeting with Iran (3–2) and MVP was chosen Michał Kubiak. On 12 June 2015 Poland lost first match with United States (3–2) after almost 3 hours meeting. It was first lost match of Poland since 10 September 2014, when they lost with U.S. national team at World Championship. Next day, Poland also lost with American players (3–1). After spending one week in United States, Poland moved to Russian ground – Kazan, where won two matches against Russia (3–1) and (3–2). Then they flew to Tehran. After a spectacular meeting, Poland lost first match on 26 June (3–2). Two days later, Polish national team beat Iran (3–1). Polish team spent three weeks in tour and they came back to Poland on last matches of intercontinental round with United States. On 3 July 2015 Poland beat USA in tie-break and achieved two points, which gave Polish team a qualification to final round of World League 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. Next day, they lost match (1–3). Poland qualified for the Pool J with Serbia and Italy. On 17 July Poland won match over Italy (3–1) and qualified to semi-final. Main leader in this important meeting was Michał Kubiak, who scored 19 pts. Next day, Serbia won over Poland (2–3), but Polish team gained 1 pt and took first place in Pool J. On 18 July, Poland lost semi-final with France (2–3). On 19 July Poland did not achieve bronze, because of lost with USA (0–3). Polish team had problems with own errors. Poland took 4th place in edition of the World League 2015. Polish players achieved two individual awards – Michał Kubiak was one of the Best Outside Spiker and Paweł Zatorski was Best Libero. In 2–9 August all players, whose were in final round in Rio de Janeiro went to training camp in Arłamów and two players joined to team (Włodarczyk, Kłos). Then the team without Wrona was training in Spała.

Paragraph 24: The Magic has four fixed fins, four movable fins directly behind the fixed fins, and four notched fins on the tail, which is mounted on a bearing and is free to rotate independently of the missile.  This is in contrast with the AIM-9, which makes use of "rollerons," which are slipstream driven gyros mounted on the tail fins which stabilize the missile in three axes, and have no fixed fin "canards" forward of the moving fins.  Its diameter is larger than the Sidewinder's, which is 5 inches (127 mm) and a legacy of the US Navy's five-inch rocket, from which the AIM-9 is derived; the larger diameter simplified engineering.  It has a solid-fuel engine, and can engage the target independently from the firing aircraft with its passive infrared homing system.

Paragraph 25: CI literature is best exemplified by the bibliographies that were published in the Society of Competitive Intelligence Professionals' academic journal The Journal of Competitive Intelligence and Management. Although elements of organizational intelligence collection have been a part of business for many years, the history of competitive intelligence arguably began in the U.S. in the 1970s, although the literature on the field pre-dates this time by at least several decades. In 1980, Michael Porter published the study Competitive-Strategy: Techniques for Analyzing Industries and Competitors which is widely viewed as the foundation of modern competitive intelligence. This has since been extended most notably by the pair of Craig Fleisher and Babette Bensoussan, who through several popular books on competitive analysis have added 48 commonly applied competitive intelligence analysis techniques to the practitioner's tool box. In 1985, Leonard Fuld published his best selling book dedicated to competitor intelligence. However, the institutionalization of CI as a formal activity among American corporations can be traced to 1988, when Ben and Tamar Gilad published the first organizational model of a formal corporate CI function, which was then adopted widely by US companies. The first professional certification program (CIP) was created in 1996 with the establishment of The Fuld-Gilad-Herring Academy of Competitive Intelligence in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Paragraph 26: The earliest described specimens of Plotosaurus were discovered in the early 20th century from Moreno Formation deposits along the San Joaquin Valley, California. The first was a pair of caudal vertebrae collected during 1918 or 1920 by an Oakland resident named Herman G. Walker while exploring the Panoche Hills. They were donated to the University of California, Berkeley's Museum of Paleontology under the catalog UCMP 36050. In June 1936, a high school student from Gustine named Allan Bennison found three vertebrae next to a hadrosaur fossil in shale hills near Patterson, two of which he donated to UC Berkeley as UCMP 32943. Bennison was inspired to geology by his science teacher M. Merrill Thompson and continued to study the stratigraphy of surrounding hills. This would turn fruitful, as in 1937 he discovered a partial skeleton from grey sandstone hills near Pacheco Pass during a survey of Late Cretaceous beds in the Diablo Range. Bennison notified Thompson, and the two brought UC Berkeley paleontologists Samuel Paul Welles, Curtis J. Hesse, Owen J. Poe, and Thompson's students to excavate the find. The fossil consisted of a complete skull, eighteen articulated vertebrae, an interclavicle, four ribs, and rib fragments. It was curated to UC Berkeley's museum as UCMP 32778. In August of the same year, a second skeleton was collected by a joint UC Berkeley-California State University, Fresno party while excavating an elasmosaur fossil in the Panoche Hills around forty miles southeast of Bennison's skeleton. This skeleton, first found by Fresno State professor William M. Tucker, was far larger than Bennison's skeleton and consisted of an articulated series of fifty-four dorsal, pygal, and caudal vertebrae. It was sent to UC Berkeley as UCMP 33913. Field expeditions of the California Institute of Technology in Moreno Formation outcrops north of Coalinga between 1938 and 1940 uncovered three additional partial skeletons. The most complete, CIT 2750, consisted of a large skull, thirty-nine front vertebrae, a shoulder girdle, and front paddles, while the other two (CIT 2751 and 2755) preserved the mosasaurs' tails.

Paragraph 27: Underground combines interviews with and archival footage of the Weathermen to provide a picture of this group, their opinions on American society, and their hopes for the future. The filmmakers use the material from their interactions with the Weathermen Bill Ayers, Kathy Boudin, Bernardine Dohrn, Jeff Jones and Cathy Wilkerson to structure its exploration of the formation and direction of the group. The film begins by presenting images and words that describe the Weathermen's process of being radicalized in the 1960s through the civil rights movement, the anti-war movement, and communist revolutionary struggles in Cuba, Russia and China, as well as historical struggles in the United States over Native American rights and labor issues. The film moves on to discuss the Weathermen's analysis of American society, addressing those who have inspired them, and further explaining the reasons behind their militancy, while also introducing the issue of tactics. The final section of the film addresses the group's use of property destruction as a way to bring about change and destabilize the current, and in their view, corrupt system. They state that "no revolution can take place successfully without an armed confrontation with the state." While the radicals themselves are reluctant to discuss the specifics of their bombings due to their unstable position as underground fugitives, the filmmakers provide us with a list of actions which they have undertaken. Underground provides an intimate look at the inner workings of the Weather Underground, and we see their discomfort with being filmed, their strong internal collective identity, and their isolation from society at large. The filmmakers do not use the interviews and juxtaposed images to promote the group or support their actions, and it is apparent that their motives for the film differ from those of the subjects that they are presenting. In the end this film provides an unprecedented look at how a bunch of middle-class Americans became self-styled militant revolutionaries, raising questions not only about the merits of their struggle, but also about past and future radical actions.

Paragraph 28: They began season with intercontinental round of World League 2015. First match with Russia, Poland won 3–0. Most Valuable Player of match was Mateusz Bieniek, who played his first match in senior national team. After break to national team returned a few players – Bartosz Kurek, Jakub Jarosz, Grzegorz Łomacz, Piotr Gacek, Wojciech Grzyb. Next day, Poland beat Russia in five-set match (3–2). Most Valuable Player of match was Bartosz Kurek (23 pts). On 5 June 2015 Poland beat Iran (3–1). Bartosz Kurek scored 30 pts and he was Most Valuable Player of match. Next day, Poland won another meeting with Iran (3–2) and MVP was chosen Michał Kubiak. On 12 June 2015 Poland lost first match with United States (3–2) after almost 3 hours meeting. It was first lost match of Poland since 10 September 2014, when they lost with U.S. national team at World Championship. Next day, Poland also lost with American players (3–1). After spending one week in United States, Poland moved to Russian ground – Kazan, where won two matches against Russia (3–1) and (3–2). Then they flew to Tehran. After a spectacular meeting, Poland lost first match on 26 June (3–2). Two days later, Polish national team beat Iran (3–1). Polish team spent three weeks in tour and they came back to Poland on last matches of intercontinental round with United States. On 3 July 2015 Poland beat USA in tie-break and achieved two points, which gave Polish team a qualification to final round of World League 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. Next day, they lost match (1–3). Poland qualified for the Pool J with Serbia and Italy. On 17 July Poland won match over Italy (3–1) and qualified to semi-final. Main leader in this important meeting was Michał Kubiak, who scored 19 pts. Next day, Serbia won over Poland (2–3), but Polish team gained 1 pt and took first place in Pool J. On 18 July, Poland lost semi-final with France (2–3). On 19 July Poland did not achieve bronze, because of lost with USA (0–3). Polish team had problems with own errors. Poland took 4th place in edition of the World League 2015. Polish players achieved two individual awards – Michał Kubiak was one of the Best Outside Spiker and Paweł Zatorski was Best Libero. In 2–9 August all players, whose were in final round in Rio de Janeiro went to training camp in Arłamów and two players joined to team (Włodarczyk, Kłos). Then the team without Wrona was training in Spała.

Paragraph 29: On January 15, 2003, VMA-311 deployed to the Northern Persian Gulf as part of Amphibious Task Force West.  On March 21, 2003, almost 59 years to the day after VMF-311’s first combat sortie in World War II, they flew their first combat sortie of Operation Iraqi Freedom. During the war they flew over 550 sorties while dropping 77 tons of precision ordnance, destroying or neutralizing 132 Iraqi targets while operating from two amphibious assault carriers,  and . The squadron returned from the Persian Gulf on July 24, 2003.  In early 2005, the squadron deployed to Al Asad Air Base in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, while simultaneously deploying a 6 jet 90 Marine detachment to MAG-12 in Iwakuni, Japan to support the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit.  In early 2008, the squadron made its final deployment to Al Asad Air Base in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, while simultaneously deploying a 6 jet detachment aboard the USS Peleliu (LHA 5) in support of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit. The squadron's 2008 deployment to Iraq marked the Marine Corps Harrier's final participation in Operation Iraqi Freedom, and on 5 October 2008, VMA-311's aircraft were the last Harriers to fly combat missions in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. For the year 2008, VMA-311 had the distinction of being selected as the Marine Corps "Attack Squadron of the Year" by the Marine Corps Aviation Association (MCAA). Operation Iraqi Freedom deployments were soon followed in 2010 with deployments again to the 15th MEU and a Unit Deployment Program to the Pacific region. While there, they spent over two months aboard  with the 31st MEU while participating in the multilateral exercises Cobra Gold 2010 and Balikatan 2010. VMA-311 deployed to Camp Bastion, Helmand Province, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom from April to September 2013.

Paragraph 30: The Spectre is one of the main characters in the miniseries Final Crisis: Revelations. The Spectre/Crispus first took vengeance upon Doctor Light for all of his crimes against humanity, then was sent to enact vengeance on Libra for the death of the Martian Manhunter. Libra was somehow unaffected by the Spectre's powers and nearly killed him, but the Spectre used his powers to escape. Afterward, Allen swore that he would no longer do as God said, attempting to revoke his status as the Spectre, but was instead called by God to enact vengeance on his former partner Renee Montoya for her sins. He was stopped in his judgment by Radiant, the Spirit of Mercy, another loyal servant of the Presence tasked with granting God's mercy to repentant beings or those forced to act against their pure intentions. The Radiant admonished Crispus Allen about using his powers in a more responsible way, changing the world as the former host of the Spectre did instead of enacting retribution over one soul at time. Radiant's forgiveness caused Allen to suffer a crisis of faith, demanding to know why Renee was forgiven whereas Allen was forced to kill his own son. Meanwhile, in a world corrupted by Darkseid and the Anti-Life Equation, the Cult of the Stone, a religious sect devoted to the adoration of Cain, used the Spear of Destiny, carelessly misplaced by Allen himself while judging Montoya, to resurrect Cain in the body of Vandal Savage. Cain agreed to lead his forces against the Spectre in retaliation for his curse. Using the Spear of Destiny, Cain stabbed the Spectre and separated him from Allen, effectively killing the human host. The Spectre was placed under Cain's control and Allen's spirit departed the scene and visited his son's grave. When Montoya managed to take the spear from Cain and purify it, freeing the Spectre, Allen willingly returned to his role as its human host after Montoya used the spear to revive his son. United, they defeated Cain and the Cult of Crime. Allen thanked Montoya for her assistance before the Presence called him and the Radiant on to their next mission.

Paragraph 31: Pieter van der Aa began his career at Leiden in 1683 as a Latin trade publisher, publishing classical texts pertaining to medicine and science. As he progressed, he began to publish atlases and maps, compiling numerous multi-volume collections of works. His ambition to become Leiden's most famous printer was fulfilled in 1715 with his appointment to head printer for the city and its university. One of Pieter van der Aa's largest compilations relates to the history of Italy and Sicily, an area of immense personal interest. Though he took credit for many of his compilations, several, such as the Dutch collection of travels to the East and West Indies, were admittedly simple improvements to others' works.

Paragraph 32: Many scholars, including Lonsdale, believe that the poem's message is too universal to require a specific event or place for inspiration, but Gray's letters suggest that there were historical influences in its composition. In particular, it is possible that Gray was interested in debates over the treatment of the poor, and that he supported the political structure of his day, which was to support the poor who worked but look down on those that refused to. However, Gray's message is incomplete, because he ignored the poor's past rebellions and struggles. The poem ignores politics to focus on various comparisons between a rural and urban life in a psychological manner. The argument between living a rural life or urban life lets Gray discuss questions that answer how he should live his own life, but the conclusion of the poem does not resolve the debate as the narrator is able to recreate himself in a manner that reconciles both types of life while arguing that poetry is capable of preserving those who have died. It is probable that Gray wanted to promote the hard work of the poor but to do nothing to change their social position. Instead of making claims of economic injustice, Gray accommodates differing political views. This is furthered by the ambiguity in many of the poem's lines, including the statement "Some Cromwell guiltless of his country's blood" that could be read either as Oliver Cromwell being guiltless for violence during the English Civil War or merely as villagers being compared to the guilty Cromwell. The poem's primary message is to promote the idea of "Englishness", and the pastoral English countryside. The earlier version lacks many of the later version's English aspects, especially as Gray replaced many classical figures with English ones: Cato the Younger by Hampden, Tully by Milton, and Julius Caesar by Cromwell.

Paragraph 33: In first match for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification, Serbia started off their campaign with a 2–2 draw against Ireland at the Rajko Mitic Stadium. Republic of Ireland take the lead in 3rd minute. The Eagles equalized by Filip Kostić's goal in 62nd minute and seven minutes later take the lead after Dušan Tadić successfully completed the penalty. Conceded goal in 80th minute has costed Serbia three points. One month later, Serbia made a first victory, over Moldova in Chișinău. Filip Kostić scored first goal on the match again, this time in 19th minute. Captain Branislav Ivanović scored in 37th minute. Dušan Tadić scored in 59th minute and with one goal and two assists helped Serbia to beat Moldova 3–0. Three days later, on 9 October 2016, Serbia defeated Austria (3–2) at Rajko Mitić Stadium and made very important victory. Brace from Aleksandar Mitrović in 6th and 23rd minute and Dušan Tadić's in 74th minute masterpiece helped Serbia to win the match. On 12 November 2016, Aleksandar Mitrović's goal in 86th minute, helped Serbia to take a point against Euro 2016 semi-finalists, Wales in Cardiff. On 24 March, in first match in 2017, Serbia defeat 3–1 Georgia in Tbilisi. Dušan Tadić scored the equalizer, from penalty spot in 44th minute. Aleksandar Mitrović with beautiful goal give Serbia lead in 64th minute. Mijat Gaćinović replaced Filip Kostić 81st minute, and scored a goal five minutes later in his first game for national team. On 11 June 2017, Aleksandar Mitrović scored the only goal for Eagles, against Wales (1–1) in the front of 47,000 fans at Rajko Mitić Stadium. On 2 September 2017, Serbia defeated Moldova 3–0 at Partizan Stadium. Mijat Gaćinović scored 20th minute and ten minutes later assisted for Aleksandar Kolarov's first goal in these qualifications. Aleksandar Mitrović scored the third goal for Serbia on this match and continued his amazing performance in these qualifications (six goals in last five qualification matches). Three days later, Serbia defeated Ireland in Dublin 1–0 and come on the step of 2018 FIFA World Cup. Aleksandar Kolarov scored a goal in 55th minute. Nikola Maksimović was sent off thirteen minutes later and Eagles played almost half an hour with a player less. Serbia needed a victory on one of two remaining matches. On 6 October, at Ernst-Happel-Stadion in Wien Serbia has lost 3–2. The Eagles take the lead in 11th minute, after Luka Milivojević's first goal for national team, but Austria reversed result in 76th minute, but Nemanja Matić has scored the equalizer seven minutes later. In 89th minute, Austrians scored the winning goal. Three days later at Rajko Mitić Stadium, Aleksandar Prijović's goal in 74th minute against Georgia sent Serbia to the 2018 FIFA World Cup. A couple days after match, coach Slavoljub Muslin was sacked. Mladen Krstajić succeeded Muslin as coach of the Serbia national team, initially as a caretaker. He led team on two matches in November. In first match, he made victory against China 2–0, but in second Serbia draw 1–1 with South Korea. In December, it was announced he would take on the role permanently and at least until the end of the 2018 FIFA World Cup. In March, Serbia played two matches against two strongest African teams. In first match, in Turin, Serbia lost 1–2 against Morocco. Dušan Tadić scored goal for Serbia, in his 50th match for national team. On 27 March, Serbia beat 2–0 Nigeria in London. Mitrović scored two goals for Serbia. In first week of June, Serbia played two matches in Graz against South American teams. In first match, Serbia lost 0–1 against Chile, but in second they demolished Bolivia with 5–1. Serbia scored four goals in first half. Mitrović scored first hat-trick in national team.

Paragraph 34: Mormon missionaries were sent to Polynesia starting in the 1850s. Many of their converts wanted to emigrate or "gather" to Utah with the main body of the Church, but were restricted by law, particularly in Hawaii. In the 1870s the Hawaiian government began to allow emigration, and by 1889 some 75 Native Hawaiians had gathered in the northern Salt Lake City neighborhood near Warm Springs Park. Despite their common faith, the immigrants experienced significant culture shock, as well as mistreatment by the white majority. The Polynesians were barred from staying in white-owned hotels and were refused service at restaurants in Salt Lake City. Church leaders began searching for a location to set aside as a Hawaiian enclave, but four decades of settlement had occupied most of the desirable land in the Salt Lake area.

Paragraph 35: The Magic has four fixed fins, four movable fins directly behind the fixed fins, and four notched fins on the tail, which is mounted on a bearing and is free to rotate independently of the missile.  This is in contrast with the AIM-9, which makes use of "rollerons," which are slipstream driven gyros mounted on the tail fins which stabilize the missile in three axes, and have no fixed fin "canards" forward of the moving fins.  Its diameter is larger than the Sidewinder's, which is 5 inches (127 mm) and a legacy of the US Navy's five-inch rocket, from which the AIM-9 is derived; the larger diameter simplified engineering.  It has a solid-fuel engine, and can engage the target independently from the firing aircraft with its passive infrared homing system.

Paragraph 36: In first match for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification, Serbia started off their campaign with a 2–2 draw against Ireland at the Rajko Mitic Stadium. Republic of Ireland take the lead in 3rd minute. The Eagles equalized by Filip Kostić's goal in 62nd minute and seven minutes later take the lead after Dušan Tadić successfully completed the penalty. Conceded goal in 80th minute has costed Serbia three points. One month later, Serbia made a first victory, over Moldova in Chișinău. Filip Kostić scored first goal on the match again, this time in 19th minute. Captain Branislav Ivanović scored in 37th minute. Dušan Tadić scored in 59th minute and with one goal and two assists helped Serbia to beat Moldova 3–0. Three days later, on 9 October 2016, Serbia defeated Austria (3–2) at Rajko Mitić Stadium and made very important victory. Brace from Aleksandar Mitrović in 6th and 23rd minute and Dušan Tadić's in 74th minute masterpiece helped Serbia to win the match. On 12 November 2016, Aleksandar Mitrović's goal in 86th minute, helped Serbia to take a point against Euro 2016 semi-finalists, Wales in Cardiff. On 24 March, in first match in 2017, Serbia defeat 3–1 Georgia in Tbilisi. Dušan Tadić scored the equalizer, from penalty spot in 44th minute. Aleksandar Mitrović with beautiful goal give Serbia lead in 64th minute. Mijat Gaćinović replaced Filip Kostić 81st minute, and scored a goal five minutes later in his first game for national team. On 11 June 2017, Aleksandar Mitrović scored the only goal for Eagles, against Wales (1–1) in the front of 47,000 fans at Rajko Mitić Stadium. On 2 September 2017, Serbia defeated Moldova 3–0 at Partizan Stadium. Mijat Gaćinović scored 20th minute and ten minutes later assisted for Aleksandar Kolarov's first goal in these qualifications. Aleksandar Mitrović scored the third goal for Serbia on this match and continued his amazing performance in these qualifications (six goals in last five qualification matches). Three days later, Serbia defeated Ireland in Dublin 1–0 and come on the step of 2018 FIFA World Cup. Aleksandar Kolarov scored a goal in 55th minute. Nikola Maksimović was sent off thirteen minutes later and Eagles played almost half an hour with a player less. Serbia needed a victory on one of two remaining matches. On 6 October, at Ernst-Happel-Stadion in Wien Serbia has lost 3–2. The Eagles take the lead in 11th minute, after Luka Milivojević's first goal for national team, but Austria reversed result in 76th minute, but Nemanja Matić has scored the equalizer seven minutes later. In 89th minute, Austrians scored the winning goal. Three days later at Rajko Mitić Stadium, Aleksandar Prijović's goal in 74th minute against Georgia sent Serbia to the 2018 FIFA World Cup. A couple days after match, coach Slavoljub Muslin was sacked. Mladen Krstajić succeeded Muslin as coach of the Serbia national team, initially as a caretaker. He led team on two matches in November. In first match, he made victory against China 2–0, but in second Serbia draw 1–1 with South Korea. In December, it was announced he would take on the role permanently and at least until the end of the 2018 FIFA World Cup. In March, Serbia played two matches against two strongest African teams. In first match, in Turin, Serbia lost 1–2 against Morocco. Dušan Tadić scored goal for Serbia, in his 50th match for national team. On 27 March, Serbia beat 2–0 Nigeria in London. Mitrović scored two goals for Serbia. In first week of June, Serbia played two matches in Graz against South American teams. In first match, Serbia lost 0–1 against Chile, but in second they demolished Bolivia with 5–1. Serbia scored four goals in first half. Mitrović scored first hat-trick in national team.

Paragraph 37: The seven Crosby children were the four elder brothers Larry, Everett (1896–1966), Ted (1900–1973), and Bing (1903–1977), two sisters Catherine (1905–1974) and Mary Rose (1907–1990), and the youngest sibling, brother Bob (1913–1993). His parents were English-American bookkeeper Harry Lillis Crosby Sr. (1871–1950) and Irish-American Catherine Helen "Kate" Harrigan (1873–1964), daughter of a builder from County Cork, Ireland. Larry Crosby served in the United States Army during World War I. Larry Crosby attended a officers’ training camp at the Presidio, San Francisco. After the training trains new troops at Camp Funston at Fort Riley, Manhattan, Kansas. Larry Crosby married Elaine Catherine Couper on May 4, 1926, in Wallace, Idaho. Ted and Larry Crosby wrote the 205 page book Bing, about their brother Bing Crosby, released in 1937. In 1946, Larry updated the book to 239 page and was released as The Story of Bing Crosby, Larry had the foreword done by Bob Hope for the new book. Larry Crosby’s son, John, married Beatrice Turner Crosby on January 19, 1947. Larry Crosby has a daughter named, Molly Manning Crosby (1933-1953). On August 25, 1953, Larry Crosby's daughter, Molly Crosby, died at St. John’s Hospital at age 19, from complications of a throat infection. Larry's son, Jack Crosby (1927-2015), was the art director on the ABC daytime drama General Hospital for 17 years. Jack also worked on Seven Keys Show, hosted by Jack Narz. After working for ABC, Jack was the art direction teacher at Loyola Marymount University and Pepperdine University. Larry Crosby's wife, Elaine died on January 28, 1973, at St. John's Hospital. Larry died of cancer in the Century City area of Los Angeles on February 7, 1975, at the age of 80. Larry Crosby is buried in Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California.   Larry Crosby published the book Crosby Genealogy about the Crosby family tree.  Originally published privately, but now public.  Along with being the manager of Bing, Larry was the manager of the Music Maids a vocal group started in 1939 by Trudy Erwin and Dottie Mesmer. Bing and the Music Maids recorded songs in 1939 to 1947. Music Maids were some in of Bing's shows like: Broadway Melody of 1940, Hit Parade of 1943, Hoosier Holiday (1943), Girl Crazy (1943), Yolanda and the Thief (1945), and Riff Raff (1947).

Paragraph 38: The Spectre is one of the main characters in the miniseries Final Crisis: Revelations. The Spectre/Crispus first took vengeance upon Doctor Light for all of his crimes against humanity, then was sent to enact vengeance on Libra for the death of the Martian Manhunter. Libra was somehow unaffected by the Spectre's powers and nearly killed him, but the Spectre used his powers to escape. Afterward, Allen swore that he would no longer do as God said, attempting to revoke his status as the Spectre, but was instead called by God to enact vengeance on his former partner Renee Montoya for her sins. He was stopped in his judgment by Radiant, the Spirit of Mercy, another loyal servant of the Presence tasked with granting God's mercy to repentant beings or those forced to act against their pure intentions. The Radiant admonished Crispus Allen about using his powers in a more responsible way, changing the world as the former host of the Spectre did instead of enacting retribution over one soul at time. Radiant's forgiveness caused Allen to suffer a crisis of faith, demanding to know why Renee was forgiven whereas Allen was forced to kill his own son. Meanwhile, in a world corrupted by Darkseid and the Anti-Life Equation, the Cult of the Stone, a religious sect devoted to the adoration of Cain, used the Spear of Destiny, carelessly misplaced by Allen himself while judging Montoya, to resurrect Cain in the body of Vandal Savage. Cain agreed to lead his forces against the Spectre in retaliation for his curse. Using the Spear of Destiny, Cain stabbed the Spectre and separated him from Allen, effectively killing the human host. The Spectre was placed under Cain's control and Allen's spirit departed the scene and visited his son's grave. When Montoya managed to take the spear from Cain and purify it, freeing the Spectre, Allen willingly returned to his role as its human host after Montoya used the spear to revive his son. United, they defeated Cain and the Cult of Crime. Allen thanked Montoya for her assistance before the Presence called him and the Radiant on to their next mission.

Paragraph 39: Salars in Qinghai live on both banks of the Yellow river, south and north, the northern ones are called Hualong or Bayan Salars while the southern ones are called Xunhua Salars. The region north of the Yellow river is a mix of discontinuous Salar and Tibetan villages while the region south of the yellow river is solidly Salar with no gaps in between, since Hui and Salars pushed the Tibetans on the south region out earlier. Tibetan women who converted to Islam were taken as wives on both banks of the river by Salar men. Tibetans witness Salar life passages in Kewa, a Salar village and Tibetan butter tea is consumed by Salars there as well. Other Tibetan cultural influences like Salar houses having four corners with a white stone on them became part of Salar culture as long as they were not prohibited by Islam. Hui people started assimilating and intermarrying with Salars in Xunhua after migrating there from Hezhou in Gansu due to the Chinese Ming dynasty ruling the Xunhua Salars after 1370 and Hezhou officials governed Xunhua. Many Salars with the Ma surname appear to be of Hui descent since many Salars now have the Ma surname while in the beginning the majority of Salars had the Han surname. Some example of Hezhou Hui who became Salars are the Chenjia (Chen family) and Majia (Ma family) villages in Altiuli where the Chen and Ma families are Salars who admit their Hui ancestry. Marriage ceremonies, funerals, birth rites and prayer were shared by both Salar and Hui as they intermarried and shared the same religion since more and more Hui moved into the Salar areas on both banks of the Yellow river. Many Hui women married Salar men and eventually it became far more popular for Hui and Salar to intermarry due to both being Muslims than to non-Muslim Han, Mongols and Tibetans. The Salar language and culture however was highly impacted in the 14th-16th centuries in their original ethnogenesis by marriage with Mongol and Tibetan non-Muslims with many loanwords and grammatical influence by Mongol and Tibetan in their language. Salars were multilingual in Salar and Mongol and then in Chinese and Tibetan as they trade extensively in the Ming, Qing and Republic of China periods on the yellow river in Ningxia and Lanzhou in Gansu.

Paragraph 40: Appointed an assistant surgeon in the Indian Medical Service of Bengal in 1850, he was posted at Chinsura, Cherrapunji and Dacca. He saw action as a field surgeon during the Burmese campaign of 1852. For his service, Lord Dalhousie made him political assistant and Residency surgeon at Lucknow in 1853. He married Bethia Mary, daughter of Brigadier General Andrew Spens, on 4 October 1855, at Lucknow. During the Indian Mutiny, his home in Lucknow became a hospital as well as a fortress. It was at his home that Sir Henry Montgomery Lawrence died. His wife and child survived and they were relieved on 17 November 1857. He left India on furlough in 1858 and obtained an MD from the University of Edinburgh Medical School in March 1859, presenting the thesis "On amputation at the hip-joint and excision of the head of the femur".  Returning to India in 1859, he became professor of surgery at the Medical College of Calcutta, and was briefly a personal surgeon to Lord Mayo in 1869 and when the Prince of Wales made his tour in India he was appointed to accompany him as physician. He was later appointed Physician Extraordinary to King Edward VII in 1901. Returning to England in 1872, he acted as president of the Medical Board of the India office from 1874 to 1895, president of the Epidemiological Society for 1879-1881 and on 7 February 1896 he was created a baronet. Fayrer held a position against the germ theory of cholera which had led to the idea of quarantine (which he considered as evil) and preferred the idea that disease was restricted to particular locations, with factors such as air, water, and weather being responsible.

Paragraph 41: In 1978, Harry made her Broadway debut in A Broadway Musical. Throughout the 1980s she starred in numerous productions both on and off Broadway and in national touring productions. In 1994, Harry made her return to the theater by starring as Billie Holiday in the play Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill. Following that stage production, she fulfilled the role of "madam who runs a bordello" in the Broadway musical The Boys from Syracuse. In the mid 2000s, she appeared in stage productions of The Sunshine Boys, Damn Yankees, and A Christmas Carol. She also toured nationally in JD Lawrence's The Clean Up Woman.

Paragraph 42: Mormon missionaries were sent to Polynesia starting in the 1850s. Many of their converts wanted to emigrate or "gather" to Utah with the main body of the Church, but were restricted by law, particularly in Hawaii. In the 1870s the Hawaiian government began to allow emigration, and by 1889 some 75 Native Hawaiians had gathered in the northern Salt Lake City neighborhood near Warm Springs Park. Despite their common faith, the immigrants experienced significant culture shock, as well as mistreatment by the white majority. The Polynesians were barred from staying in white-owned hotels and were refused service at restaurants in Salt Lake City. Church leaders began searching for a location to set aside as a Hawaiian enclave, but four decades of settlement had occupied most of the desirable land in the Salt Lake area.