Paragraph 1: One day, after Megumi, Hime, Yuko, and Iona help put on a puppet show at a nursery, they come across a living doll named Tsumugi, who claims that her homeland, the Doll Kingdom, is under Saiark attack. As the girls follow Tsumugi to the Doll Kingdom, where they fight against a Windmill Saiark, Blue, who had never heard of the Doll Kingdom before, is suddenly attacked by a darkness coming from his mirror. After defeating the Saiark, the girls are introduced to the Doll Kingdom's prince, Zeke, who Hime gets an instant crush on, and are taken to the kingdom's castle for a celebratory party. As Yuko and Iona figure there is something amiss, Seiji is ambushed by Bee Saiarks and transformed into a doll. With more Saiarks suddenly appearing, Megumi learns that Tsumugi is the one who created the fake Saiarks and led the Cures into a trap. It is revealed that Zeke and the other residents of the kingdom are all dolls belonging to Tsumugi, who loved to dance in the real world but one day lost the ability to use her legs, shutting herself off from her friends and family. She was brought into a man-made kingdom by a commander from the Phantom Empire named Black Fang, who stated that the only way she would be able to continue dancing in this kingdom is to defeat the Pretty Cures. After the Cures retreat, Megumi laments how she can't help to cure Tsumugi's legs, but the others assure her they can do something if they work together. Together, they try to show Tsumugi what she truly needs to be happy, but they are all ensnared by Black Fang, who reveals he was the one who stole Tsumugi's ability to dance in order to wield the power born from her despair. Wanting Tsumugi to remember her happiness, Zeke and the other dolls sacrifice themselves in order to free the Cures, allowing Megumi to reach Tsumugi. Stating her firm desire to help her, Megumi helps Tsugumi realize there are things besides dancing that brings her happiness and stops her flow of despair, freeing the captured Seiji and Blue in the process. Black Fang uses what despair he has collected to transform into a more powerful form, which can even block out the power of the Miracle Dress Lights Blue sends to people around the world. However, Megumi's undying determination gives Tsumugi the strength to turn her despair into hope, allowing the power of the Miracle Dress Lights to reach Megumi, who transforms into Super Happiness Lovely and defeats Black Fang alongside the other Cures. After assuring Megumi that she does have the power to make everyone happy, Tsumugi returns to the real world and regains the use of her legs, finally able to dance the way she wants again.

Paragraph 2: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 

Paragraph 3: Mr. Hadj Smaine devoted nearly 70 years of his life to Theatre, film and television. His first steps in professional theatre were at the Paris Opera where he assisted legendary playwright and stage actor Jean Vilar. He also had long time collaborations with playwrights and theatre Actors Henri Corderaux, Rene Fontanel, André Croq, Phillipe Dauchet, and Pierre Vial. During a Theatre tour in the South of France, he would meet another giant of Theatre: Allel Mouhib, the two would become inseparable friends and collaborators. Together, they would found, years later Circa 1962-63, the Algerian National Theatre as well as the National School of Dramatic Arts along with the late Mahieddine Bechtarzi and Mustapha Kateb. He was a fervent believer in the liberation of the people of Algeria, so he secretly joined the fight against French Colonial occupation in the 1950s. During the tragic events of the Battle of Algiers (La Bataille d’Alger) in the mid 50s, he would be arrested by the Parachutists of General Massu (His older brother - an Associate of Algerian Revolutionary Larbi Benmhidi in the Autonomous Zone Autonome of Algiers would suffer the same fate a year later in the Casbah) and would nearly lose his life under torture at the Casino de la Corniche before cheating death and escaping with the help of his Theatre Instructor (and Former World War II French Officer Henri Cordereaux - a supporter of Algerian Independence). In the early 60s, Mr. Hadj Smaine would politely turn down different Cabinet Minister & Ambassador posts during the reigns of both Presidents Benbella & Boumedienne to devote his time and energy to structuring & training future generations of theatre, film and television actors & directors, as well as playwrights & storytellers & would be part of numerous notable film, theatre, and television productions among which are Gilo Pontecovo’s “The Battle of Algiers” (La Bataille d’Alger), “Chronicles of the years of fire“ (Chroniques des Années de Braises - Festival de Cannes Golden Palm Winner 1976) by Lakhdar Hamina, “Les Enfants de Novembre” (November’s Children) by Moussa Hadad, “The Eastern Platoon” (Patrouille a l’Est) by Ammar Laskri, “The Imginary Invalid” (Le Malade Imaginaire) by Molière, “The Plough and the Stars” & “Red Roses for Me” (Roses Rouges Pour Moi) by Sean O’Casey among many others. His final collaborations would be with his own son in the last decade of his life. He would provide valuable advice and guidance on films that his son Directed, namely “Axis of Evil”, “Sharia” in which he was the main character’s father, and “Battle Fields” giving some of the most original suggestions about the characters and their circumstances - All films championed the unprivileged, the less fortunate and gave voice to immigrants and minorities. When asked to formally join those productions as an Executive Producer for all three films, he accepted but categorically refused to be paid for his contributions saying that he was doing it for “a worthy cause.” Mr. Hadj Smaine and his son (Film Director & Actor Anouar H. Smaine) worked so hard for years on another feature script for a film to be shot in his Native City of Constantine to help revive Algerian Cinema. He had enlisted his good friend; Actor and Director Abdelhamid Habbati and secured impressive locations around the city’s beautiful bridges and ancient Arab & Ottoman Quarters (Souika) - Their dream project to honor the ancient city of Constantine and its people seemed to be ever closer to being achieved - sadly, because of the incredible administrative difficulties, the film was never made. A few years later, Mr. Habbati (the Lead Actor of the project) would pass followed by Mr. Hadj Smaine on September 5, 2021 in Los Angeles, CA. In the final moments of his life, Mr. Hadj Smaine was surrounded by his wife and children. He was laid to rest in Los Angeles, California.

Paragraph 4: Instead he did another with MacLaine, John Goldfarb, Please Come Home (1965). Back in England Thompson made Return from the Ashes (1965) for the Mirisch Brothers. In April 1965 Thompson announced he would make High Citadel based on a novel by Desmond Bagley for the Mirisch Brothers. These plans were postponed when Thompson received an offer to replace Michael Anderson, who had fallen ill before he was to start directing a thriller about cults with David Niven, Eye of the Devil (1967) (originally titled 13). High Citadel was never filmed. Another film announced but never filmed was The Case Against Colonel Sutton which he was going to do with producer Martin Poll. Neither was a proposed musical remake of The Private Lives of Henry VIII.

Paragraph 5: Mesosaurs have been found in the Whitehill Formation (Ecca Group) of the Karoo Basin of South Africa and the Irati Formation (Passa Dois Group) of the Paraná Basin in Brazil. Stereosternum, including some fossils of Brazilosaurus, are found in the limestone deposits of the São Paulo area of Brazil and in the Kalahari Karoo Basin, where the limestone was deposited in more shallow waters than the Mesosaurus-bearing black shales of both the Irati and Whitehill Formations. Within the limestone, there is evidence of ripple marks, erosion cuts, and intra-formational clasts, strongly suggesting that the energy of the depositional environment at the time was higher than that of the black shale deposits. With evidence of the coastlines of this sea on both continents, it is evident that there did exist an inland seaway during the Early Permian, stretching east into the Great Karoo Basin of South Africa and west into the Paraná Basin, with an oceanic link that has been proposed being towards the extreme south of the basins. Mesosaurus seems to have been living out in the deep waters, relative to the shallow waters of Stereosternum and Brazilosaurus. Within these shallow waters, Stereosternum was spending most of its time within the shallow waters and probably going out into the deeper waters inhabited by Mesosaurus, while Brazilosaurus was thought to have probably been semi-aquatic and was mostly restrained to living within the shallow intertidal and coastal areas. However, evidence of both Mesosaurus and Stereosternum fossils being found in the black shales of both formations suggest that Stereosternum did cross over the sea way and could have survived being in the deeper part of this ancient sea. These shales were probably deposited in deep waters, going to a maximum depth of  within the sea. Within this deeper part of the sea, the water column was very stratified, with a fresh and habitable upper layer that was on top of the anoxic, highly sulphurated, toxic bottom brines. The depositional environment was almost stagnant, a grand difference from the more higher energy depositional environment of the shallower waters closer to the coasts. Within those surface waters, there a whole host of organisms from the sea going mesosaurids to the Palaeoniscoid fishes, with the bottom half of the water column that could not support a benthic zone due to the toxic bottom brines. The lithology representing that bottom half of the water column are black shales and also carbonaceous oil is found in the same area.

Paragraph 6: One day, after Megumi, Hime, Yuko, and Iona help put on a puppet show at a nursery, they come across a living doll named Tsumugi, who claims that her homeland, the Doll Kingdom, is under Saiark attack. As the girls follow Tsumugi to the Doll Kingdom, where they fight against a Windmill Saiark, Blue, who had never heard of the Doll Kingdom before, is suddenly attacked by a darkness coming from his mirror. After defeating the Saiark, the girls are introduced to the Doll Kingdom's prince, Zeke, who Hime gets an instant crush on, and are taken to the kingdom's castle for a celebratory party. As Yuko and Iona figure there is something amiss, Seiji is ambushed by Bee Saiarks and transformed into a doll. With more Saiarks suddenly appearing, Megumi learns that Tsumugi is the one who created the fake Saiarks and led the Cures into a trap. It is revealed that Zeke and the other residents of the kingdom are all dolls belonging to Tsumugi, who loved to dance in the real world but one day lost the ability to use her legs, shutting herself off from her friends and family. She was brought into a man-made kingdom by a commander from the Phantom Empire named Black Fang, who stated that the only way she would be able to continue dancing in this kingdom is to defeat the Pretty Cures. After the Cures retreat, Megumi laments how she can't help to cure Tsumugi's legs, but the others assure her they can do something if they work together. Together, they try to show Tsumugi what she truly needs to be happy, but they are all ensnared by Black Fang, who reveals he was the one who stole Tsumugi's ability to dance in order to wield the power born from her despair. Wanting Tsumugi to remember her happiness, Zeke and the other dolls sacrifice themselves in order to free the Cures, allowing Megumi to reach Tsumugi. Stating her firm desire to help her, Megumi helps Tsugumi realize there are things besides dancing that brings her happiness and stops her flow of despair, freeing the captured Seiji and Blue in the process. Black Fang uses what despair he has collected to transform into a more powerful form, which can even block out the power of the Miracle Dress Lights Blue sends to people around the world. However, Megumi's undying determination gives Tsumugi the strength to turn her despair into hope, allowing the power of the Miracle Dress Lights to reach Megumi, who transforms into Super Happiness Lovely and defeats Black Fang alongside the other Cures. After assuring Megumi that she does have the power to make everyone happy, Tsumugi returns to the real world and regains the use of her legs, finally able to dance the way she wants again.

Paragraph 7: Power distance is a dimension theorized and proven by Geert Hofstede, who outlined multiple cultural dimensions throughout his work. This term refers to inequality and unequal distributions of power between parties; whether it is within the workplace, family, organizations or companies. It is an anthropological concept used in cultural studies to understand the relationship between individuals with varying power, the effects, and their perceptions. For example, a mother's power distance to her son or a subordinate's distance to their CEO. Power distance also delineates whether the members of an institution accept or reject the power distance within the institutions cultural framework. Meaning, some cultures and countries treat power distance with different levels of concern. It uses the Power Distance Index (PDI) as a tool to measure the acceptance of power established between the individuals with the most power and those with the least.

Paragraph 8: Power distance is a dimension theorized and proven by Geert Hofstede, who outlined multiple cultural dimensions throughout his work. This term refers to inequality and unequal distributions of power between parties; whether it is within the workplace, family, organizations or companies. It is an anthropological concept used in cultural studies to understand the relationship between individuals with varying power, the effects, and their perceptions. For example, a mother's power distance to her son or a subordinate's distance to their CEO. Power distance also delineates whether the members of an institution accept or reject the power distance within the institutions cultural framework. Meaning, some cultures and countries treat power distance with different levels of concern. It uses the Power Distance Index (PDI) as a tool to measure the acceptance of power established between the individuals with the most power and those with the least.

Paragraph 9: Complete edition of the works attributed to him in Emil Baehrens, Poetae Latini Minores, iii. (1881); Cynegetica: ed. Moritz Haupt (with Ovid's Halieutica and Grattius) 1838, and R. Stern, with Grattius (1832); Italian translation with notes by L. F. Valdrighi (1876). The four eclogues are printed with those of Calpurnius in the editions of H. Schenkl (1885) and Charles Haines Keene (1887); see L. Cisorio, Studio sulle Egloghe di Nemesiano (1895) and Dell' imitazione nelle Egloghe di Nemesiano (1896); and M. Haupt, De Carminibus Bucolicis Calpurnii et Nemesiani (1853), the chief treatise on the subject. The text of the Cynegetica, the Eclogues, and the doubtful Fragment on Bird-Catching were published in Vol. II of Minor Latin Poets (Loeb Classical Library with English translations (1934).

Paragraph 10: Power distance is a dimension theorized and proven by Geert Hofstede, who outlined multiple cultural dimensions throughout his work. This term refers to inequality and unequal distributions of power between parties; whether it is within the workplace, family, organizations or companies. It is an anthropological concept used in cultural studies to understand the relationship between individuals with varying power, the effects, and their perceptions. For example, a mother's power distance to her son or a subordinate's distance to their CEO. Power distance also delineates whether the members of an institution accept or reject the power distance within the institutions cultural framework. Meaning, some cultures and countries treat power distance with different levels of concern. It uses the Power Distance Index (PDI) as a tool to measure the acceptance of power established between the individuals with the most power and those with the least.

Paragraph 11: Power distance is a dimension theorized and proven by Geert Hofstede, who outlined multiple cultural dimensions throughout his work. This term refers to inequality and unequal distributions of power between parties; whether it is within the workplace, family, organizations or companies. It is an anthropological concept used in cultural studies to understand the relationship between individuals with varying power, the effects, and their perceptions. For example, a mother's power distance to her son or a subordinate's distance to their CEO. Power distance also delineates whether the members of an institution accept or reject the power distance within the institutions cultural framework. Meaning, some cultures and countries treat power distance with different levels of concern. It uses the Power Distance Index (PDI) as a tool to measure the acceptance of power established between the individuals with the most power and those with the least.

Paragraph 12: In East Asia, dollar diplomacy was the policy of the Taft administration to use American banking power to create a tangible American interest in China that would limit the scope of the other powers, increase the opportunity for American trade and investment, and help maintain the Open Door policy of trading opportunities of all nations. Whereas Theodore Roosevelt wanted to conciliate Japan and help it neutralize Russia, Taft and his Secretary of State Philander Knox ignored Roosevelt's policy and his advice. Dollar diplomacy was based on the false assumption that American financial interests could mobilize their potential power, and wanted to do so in East Asia. However, the American financial system was not geared to handle international finance, such as loans and large investments, and had to depend primarily on London. The British also wanted an open door in China but were not prepared to support American financial maneuvers. Finally, the other powers held territorial interests, including naval bases and designated geographical areas which they dominated inside China, while the United States refused anything of the kind. Bankers were reluctant, but Taft and Knox kept pushing them. Most efforts were failures until finally, the United States forced its way into the Hukuang international railway loan. The loan was finally made by the so-called China Consortium in 1911 and helped spark a widespread "Railway Protection Movement" revolt against foreign investment that overthrew the Chinese government. The bonds caused no end of disappointment and trouble. As late as 1983, over 300 American investors tried, unsuccessfully, to force the government of China to redeem the worthless Hukuang bonds. When Woodrow Wilson became president in March 1913, he immediately canceled all support for Dollar diplomacy. Historians agree that Taft's Dollar diplomacy was a failure everywhere, In the Far East alienated Japan and Russia, and created a deep suspicion among the other powers hostile to American motives.

Paragraph 13: Not for the first or the last time, the fate of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany was now determined by events outside its borders.  On 12 March 1849 the King of Sardinia-Piedmont repudiated the Armistice of Salasco.  Field Marshall Radetzky with his Austrian army of some 70,000 men, reacted promptly:  he seized the fortress town of Mortara through bloody but brief battle with Sardinian forces, which then fell back towards Novara in Lombardy.   The Sardinian army was routed at the Battle of Novara on 22 March 1849, prompting the abdication of King Charles Albert of Sardinia-Piedmont in favour of his son.   News of these developments prompted Guerrazzi to try and persuade the moderates in the Tuscan parliament to agree to prepare for the return of Grand Duke Leopold.  He believed that this would be the only way to avoid an Austrian invasion of Tuscany.   The parliament proved truculent, however, and on 11/12 April 1849 "Dictator Guerrazzi" suffered the twin indignities both of his own arrest and of seeing the city authorities of Florence, acting in the name of the Grand Duke, assume the power formerly exercised by what remained of the provisional government.  Guerrazzi had attempted without success to reconvene the parliament which was dissolved through the intervention of the city authorities.   At the end of April 1849, supported by the moral and physical force provided by an Austrian expeditionary force camped on the border near Este, the Grand Duke returned.     During May 1849 Austrian troops entered Tuscany in force.   Following news of the  disaster at Novara Antonio Mordini had abruptly left Florence for Pisa, hoping to be able to retire from public life and live quietly with his family.   After the arrest of Guerrazzi it became clear that this was not going to be an option.   On 19 April 1849 Mordini succeeded in obtaining a passport-visa from the French consulate in Pisa.   There followed three weeks during which he was actively sought by the police, but he managed to evade arrest, making his way (by a very indirect route that took in his parents' home in Barga) to Montecatini, near the coast, where he spent the night of 9 May 1849.   The next day he embarked from Viareggio for Corsica.   Due to the threatening weather the two sailors taking him were obliged to take him all the way Bastia which had protected harbour facilities.   He lingered in Bastia till September, and then made his way to Genoa, and from there to Nice.

Paragraph 14: Queensland scored first in the second half when, attacking close to the Blues' line, prop David Shillington was able to stand in a tackle and offload to Maroons captain Darren Lockyer, who raced through to get a try. Thurston missed the conversion, so the score remained 8–16 in favour of Queensland. Just before the fifty-minute mark, Lyon chipped the ball over the Maroons' defence for Hayne to race ahead and regather in the open space of Queensland's half. However Hayne instantly threw a speculative no-look pass to his winger which was high and went over the sideline untouched. When the Maroons 123 kg utility forward Dave Taylor took the field in the fifty-fifth minute, he became the heaviest player in State of Origin history. New South Wales then had an attacking opportunity close to Queensland's line and Lyon put a kick up towards the goal-posts which none of the leapers could catch, and Watmough was there to grab it and take it over the line to score. Lyon converted, so the Blues were back within two points at 14–16 with twenty-three minutes of the match remaining. In the sixty-first minute after being tackled on the halfway line, the Maroons worked the ball out to Boyd's wing, where he raced down the sideline before throwing it back in to Greg Inglis to score out wide. Thurston's kick was successful, so Queensland were in front 14–22. In the sixty-seventh minute as New South Wales fullback Kurt Gidley was returning a kick to the ten-metre mark, Thurston, who led the Maroons' chasers, took the ball from his arms one-on-one and gave it to Sam Thaiday, who scored by the posts. The try was awarded and Thurston converted, so the score was 14–28. The Blues scored next when deep inside Queensland's territory they worked the ball out to the right wing where Jamal Idris, making his Origin debut, forced his way over the line. The video referee was called upon to award the try and Lyon's conversion attempt hit one of the uprights, so the score was 18–28 with just over six minutes of play remaining. In the final minute New South Wales got a further consolation try when Gidley chipped the ball ahead and Slater couldn't secure it, giving Ben Creagh the opportunity to dive on it over the line. Lyon kicked the extras, but time ran out before play was restarted, so Queensland won 24–28.

Paragraph 15: Not for the first or the last time, the fate of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany was now determined by events outside its borders.  On 12 March 1849 the King of Sardinia-Piedmont repudiated the Armistice of Salasco.  Field Marshall Radetzky with his Austrian army of some 70,000 men, reacted promptly:  he seized the fortress town of Mortara through bloody but brief battle with Sardinian forces, which then fell back towards Novara in Lombardy.   The Sardinian army was routed at the Battle of Novara on 22 March 1849, prompting the abdication of King Charles Albert of Sardinia-Piedmont in favour of his son.   News of these developments prompted Guerrazzi to try and persuade the moderates in the Tuscan parliament to agree to prepare for the return of Grand Duke Leopold.  He believed that this would be the only way to avoid an Austrian invasion of Tuscany.   The parliament proved truculent, however, and on 11/12 April 1849 "Dictator Guerrazzi" suffered the twin indignities both of his own arrest and of seeing the city authorities of Florence, acting in the name of the Grand Duke, assume the power formerly exercised by what remained of the provisional government.  Guerrazzi had attempted without success to reconvene the parliament which was dissolved through the intervention of the city authorities.   At the end of April 1849, supported by the moral and physical force provided by an Austrian expeditionary force camped on the border near Este, the Grand Duke returned.     During May 1849 Austrian troops entered Tuscany in force.   Following news of the  disaster at Novara Antonio Mordini had abruptly left Florence for Pisa, hoping to be able to retire from public life and live quietly with his family.   After the arrest of Guerrazzi it became clear that this was not going to be an option.   On 19 April 1849 Mordini succeeded in obtaining a passport-visa from the French consulate in Pisa.   There followed three weeks during which he was actively sought by the police, but he managed to evade arrest, making his way (by a very indirect route that took in his parents' home in Barga) to Montecatini, near the coast, where he spent the night of 9 May 1849.   The next day he embarked from Viareggio for Corsica.   Due to the threatening weather the two sailors taking him were obliged to take him all the way Bastia which had protected harbour facilities.   He lingered in Bastia till September, and then made his way to Genoa, and from there to Nice.

Paragraph 16: Aided by mild weather that rarely curtailed flying, their Huey gunships found plentiful targets since the PAVN troops in the Quế Sơn Valley, accustomed to fighting marines who had few helicopters, were used to moving around during the day. By the end of October, Koster could boast that his two brigades had drawn at least five of the 2nd Division's nine battalions into combat and that they had killed or captured more than 1,600 soldiers. Despite its losses, the 2nd Division refused to leave the Quế Sơn Valley. On 8 November, troops from the 3rd Regiment used a dozen or more carefully concealed 75mm recoilless rifles to ambush a column of armored personnel carriers from the Americal Division's reconnaissance unit, the 1st Squadron, 1st Cavalry, near Landing Zone Ross, a battalion camp for the 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, located  northwest of Hiệp Đức. The attack cost the Americans 10 killed and 46 wounded, as well as four armored personnel carriers destroyed. The 1/1st Cavalry, found three of the 75mm recoilless rifles and 45 PAVN dead when it searched the battlefield the next day. The clash produced disquieting intelligence, a captured PAVN soldier reported that two battalions from the PAVN 68th Artillery Regiment, a unit armed with 122mm rockets, had recently moved into the hills overlooking the Quế Sơn Valley. Although the weapons were inaccurate, they had a  range and their warheads packed a substantial punch. If the prisoner's report was true, that would give the 2nd Division a long-distance striking power it had formerly lacked and would put American bases at greater risk. General Koster could not allow the rocket threat to go unchecked. To find the PAVN before he struck, Koster turned to his aerial reconnaissance teams, a combination of OH–23 scout helicopters and UH–1 Hueys that carried six-man reconnaissance squads. Now familiar with US airmobile tactics, the PAVN initiated countermeasures. On 13 November, machine gun fire brought down a Huey carrying a Blue Team in a rice paddy southeast of LZ Ross. When a trio of helicopters flew in to rescue the downed aircrew, as many as six PAVN 12.7mm machine guns concealed on a nearby knoll opened fire. The effect was devastating. One helicopter exploded in midair and two more were forced to make emergency landings. The 2nd Division had executed its first preplanned helicopter ambush. The commander of the 101st Airborne's 1st Brigade, General Matheson, ordered the commander of the 1/35th Infantry, Lt. Col. Robert G. Kimmel, to mount a relief operation to save the downed aircrews. After suppressing the nest of machine guns with air and artillery strikes, the colonel landed three rifle companies into the area to establish a perimeter around the downed Hueys before night fell. The following morning, Colonel Kimmel flew out in his command helicopter to direct the sweep for the PAVN ambushers. While his men were beating the bushes and inspecting hamlets, a concealed PAVN machine gun opened fire on Kimmel's aircraft, severing its main rotor blade. The subsequent crash killed everyone on board, including Kimmel. His battalion continued its mission, later passing to the control of Lt. Col. Marion C. Ross when he arrived with his 2nd Battalion, 12th Cavalry, later that afternoon. Neither battalion regained contact with the enemy, prompting Colonel Ross to terminate the mission two days later. US casualties came to 22 killed and 28 wounded. PAVN fire had hit over 20 helicopters, 8 of which were destroyed or severely damaged, PAVN losses were unknown. The Americal Division changed its operational doctrine in the wake of that incident, mandating that ground units spearhead future rescue efforts rather than helicopter rescue teams.

Paragraph 17:  1886 Following the furore over the Fairburn Report and the work of the Rev. John Gribble, parliament introduced the Aborigines Protection Act 1886 (WA) which established the Aboriginal Protection Board with five members and a secretary, all of whom were nominated by the Governor. Protectors of Aborigines were appointed by the board under the conditions laid down in the Aborigines Protection Act of 1886. In theory, Protectors of Aborigines were empowered to undertake legal proceedings on behalf of Aboriginal people. As the board had very limited funds Protectors received very limited remuneration, and so a range of people were appointed as local Protectors, including Resident Magistrates, Jail Wardens, Justices of the Peace and in some cases ministers of religion, though most were local Police Inspectors. The minutes of the board show they mostly dealt with matters of requests from religious bodies for financial relief and reports from Resident or Police Magistrates pertaining to trials and convictions of Aboriginal people under their jurisdiction. It introduced employment contracts between employers and Aboriginal workers over the age of 14. There was no provision in the 1886 WA Act for contracts to include wages. However, employees were to be provided with "substantial, good and sufficient rations," clothing and blankets. The 1886 WA Act provided a Resident Magistrate with the power to indenture 'half-caste' and Aboriginal children, from a suitable age, until they turned 21. An Aboriginal Protection Board, was also established to prevent the abuses reported earlier, but rather than protect Aborigines, it mainly succeeded in putting them under tighter government control. It was intended to enforce contracts, employment of prisoners and apprenticeships, but there was not sufficient power to enforce clauses in the north, and they were openly flouted. The Act defined as "Aboriginal" "every Aboriginal native of Australia, every Aboriginal half-caste, or child of a half-caste". Governor Broome insisted that the act contain within it a clause permitting traditional owners to continue hunting on their tribal lands. The effect of the Act was to give increasing power to the Board over Aboriginal people, rather than setting up a system to punish Europeans for wrongdoing in relation to Aboriginal people. An Aboriginal Department was set up, under the office of the Chief Protector of Aborigines. Nearly half of the Legislative Council voted to amend the act for contract labour as low as 10 but it was defeated. Mackenzie Grant, the member for the north claimed that child labour of 6 or 7 was a necessary commonplace, as "in this way they gradually become domesticated."  The Atourney General Septimus Burt, in debate on the 2nd reading speech, claimed that contracts were being issued, not for current work, but to hold Aboriginal people as slaves on stations for potential future work, and so prevent them from being free to leave.

Paragraph 18: This grant program offers a total of $402 million to enhance the state and local levels' ability to implement the goals and objectives of each state's individual preparedness report, which is one of the first steps in moving the grant processes, programs, and planning from a focus on loosely affiliated equipment, training, exercises and technical assistance projects to one that delivers a picture of prevention, protection, response and recovery capacity. In correspondence with the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-53) (9/11 Act), states receiving funding are legally required to ensure that at least 25 percent of the appropriated funds are dedicated to the planning, organization, training, exercise and equipment necessary for terrorism prevention. Additionally, SHSP funds may be used to facilitate secure identification including REAL ID, enhanced driver's licenses, Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), and first responder credentialing. Only those items specified on the "authorized equipment list" are eligible to be purchased by SHSP funding. Authorized items fall into the following 18 categories: personal protective equipment (fully encapsulated liquid and vapor protection ensemble, chemical resistant gloves, etc.) explosive device mitigation and remediation equipment (ballistic threat body armor, real-time x-ray unit, etc.), chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and high-yield explosive (CBRNE) search and rescue equipment (rescue ropes and ladder, confined space kits, etc.), interoperable communications equipment (personal alert safety system, antenna and tower systems, etc.), detection equipment (M-8 detection paper for chemical agent identification, photo-ionization detector, etc.), decontamination equipment (decontamination litters/roller systems, high efficiency particulate air vacuum, etc.), physical security enhancement equipment (motion detector systems, radar systems, etc.), terrorism incident prevention equipment (joint regional information exchange system, law enforcement surveillance equipment, etc.), CBRNE logistical support equipment (equipment trailers, handheld computers for emergency response applications, etc.), CBRNE incident response vehicles (hazardous materials vehicles, mobile morgue unit, etc.) medical supplies and limited types of pharmaceuticals (automatic biphasic external defibrillators and carry bags, epinephrine, etc.) CBRNE reference materials (National Fire Protection Association guide to hazardous materials, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health hazardous materials pocket guide, etc.), agricultural terrorism prevention, response and mitigation equipment (animal restraints, blood sampling supplies, etc.), CBRNE response watercraft (surface boats and vessels for port homeland security purposes), CBRNE aviation equipment (fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, etc.), cyber security enhancement equipment (firewall and authentication technologies, geographic information systems, etc.), intervention equipment (tactical entry equipment, specialized response vehicles and vessels, etc.), and other authorized equipment (installation costs for authorized equipment, shipping costs of equipment, etc.).

Paragraph 19: One day, after Megumi, Hime, Yuko, and Iona help put on a puppet show at a nursery, they come across a living doll named Tsumugi, who claims that her homeland, the Doll Kingdom, is under Saiark attack. As the girls follow Tsumugi to the Doll Kingdom, where they fight against a Windmill Saiark, Blue, who had never heard of the Doll Kingdom before, is suddenly attacked by a darkness coming from his mirror. After defeating the Saiark, the girls are introduced to the Doll Kingdom's prince, Zeke, who Hime gets an instant crush on, and are taken to the kingdom's castle for a celebratory party. As Yuko and Iona figure there is something amiss, Seiji is ambushed by Bee Saiarks and transformed into a doll. With more Saiarks suddenly appearing, Megumi learns that Tsumugi is the one who created the fake Saiarks and led the Cures into a trap. It is revealed that Zeke and the other residents of the kingdom are all dolls belonging to Tsumugi, who loved to dance in the real world but one day lost the ability to use her legs, shutting herself off from her friends and family. She was brought into a man-made kingdom by a commander from the Phantom Empire named Black Fang, who stated that the only way she would be able to continue dancing in this kingdom is to defeat the Pretty Cures. After the Cures retreat, Megumi laments how she can't help to cure Tsumugi's legs, but the others assure her they can do something if they work together. Together, they try to show Tsumugi what she truly needs to be happy, but they are all ensnared by Black Fang, who reveals he was the one who stole Tsumugi's ability to dance in order to wield the power born from her despair. Wanting Tsumugi to remember her happiness, Zeke and the other dolls sacrifice themselves in order to free the Cures, allowing Megumi to reach Tsumugi. Stating her firm desire to help her, Megumi helps Tsugumi realize there are things besides dancing that brings her happiness and stops her flow of despair, freeing the captured Seiji and Blue in the process. Black Fang uses what despair he has collected to transform into a more powerful form, which can even block out the power of the Miracle Dress Lights Blue sends to people around the world. However, Megumi's undying determination gives Tsumugi the strength to turn her despair into hope, allowing the power of the Miracle Dress Lights to reach Megumi, who transforms into Super Happiness Lovely and defeats Black Fang alongside the other Cures. After assuring Megumi that she does have the power to make everyone happy, Tsumugi returns to the real world and regains the use of her legs, finally able to dance the way she wants again.

Paragraph 20: In 2002, Whittle was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Having experienced a variety of health problems since his early 20s, he had had suspicions and was neither surprised nor terrified by the diagnosis. His multiple sclerosis has been an increasing problem since late 2005, yet he continues in his full-time university post, and his fight for the human rights of trans people throughout the world. In recent years, he has collaborated with other members; Paisley Currah, Shannon Minter and Alyson Meiselmann, of the World Professional Association of Transgender Health (WPATH) on amicus briefs to courts in many jurisdictions. In 2007, he was the first non-medical professional and first trans person to become President of WPATH. Whittle continues to write extensively on the law and policy surrounding transsexual and transgender people, along with several recent academic articles returning to the question of the law and trans people. He also continues to work on what he hopes will be the defining history of transgender, and the sources of the many theories surrounding gender variant people. Throughout his life he has maintained an interest in the avant-garde of the arts, and has started to collaborate with Sara Davidmann, a photographer and Lecturer in Fine Art at Wimbledon College of Art.

Paragraph 21: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 

Paragraph 22: Calf Fauld burn flows into the Dunton water at Dunton Cove, this water flows from Craigendunton Reservoir and joins the head water of the Craufurdland Water near Waterside. Capringstone Burn flows passed Overton and into the Annick Water near Dreghorn. Carlin burn flows near the Carlin stane and into the Hareshawmuir water. Clerkland burn rises near the Totherick and flows into the Corsehill burn, which joins the Annick water at Stewarton. Collorybog burn rises from the bog of that name and flows into the Fenwick water via the Drumtee water. Corsehill burn joins the Annick water at Stewarton. Cowlinn burn flows into the Lugton water at old Montgreenan castle. Cross Burn joins the Lugton Water near Caldwell House. Chapel burn rises near Lainshaw House from a chalybeate spring and runs into the Annick water at Chapeltoun bridge. Cuts burn flows into the Annick water near Games Hill in Stewarton. Davy's burn flows into the Hareshawmuir water. Downie's burn joins the Irvine at Townhead in Newmilns, having flowed through the Parkerston glen. Drumduff burn flows from the base of Drumduff Hill into the Loudoun water, which flows into the Glen water and into the Irvine at Darvel. Drumtee water flows into the Fenwick water. Dunton water flows from Craigendunton Reservoir and joins the head water of the Craufurdland Water near Waterside. Draught burn joins the Lugton water near Eglinton Country Park. Duniflat Burn joins the Lugton Water near Lugton. East burn joins the Annick water in Darlington, Stewarton. Fenwick water joins with the Craufurdland water and forms the Kilmarnock water, which runs into the Irvine at Riccarton. Gardrum Mill burn joins the Carmel water near Fenwick. Garrier burn flows into the Irvine near Springside. Garroch burn joins the Cessnock water. Gill burn rises below Queenseat Hill and its waters flow into the Greenfield burn, then into the Soame burn, next into the Kingswell burn and into the Fenwick water. Gills burn flows into the Black water near Dunlop. Glazert (Glassard in 1779) water flows into the Annick water at Watermeetings near Cunninghamhead. Glen Burn at Darvel, flowing into the Irvine directly. Glen Burn rises near Over Auchentiber by Blacklaw Hill. Gower water joins the Irvine at Priestland outside Darvel. Gowkshaw burn has a confluence with the Rough Hill burn and runs into the Hareshawmuir water. Greenfield burn flows into the Soame burn near Soame bridge on the B764 and flows into the Kingswell burn and then flows into the Fenwick water. Grassyard burn flows into the Craufurdland water near Craufurdland bridge.

Paragraph 23: In East Asia, dollar diplomacy was the policy of the Taft administration to use American banking power to create a tangible American interest in China that would limit the scope of the other powers, increase the opportunity for American trade and investment, and help maintain the Open Door policy of trading opportunities of all nations. Whereas Theodore Roosevelt wanted to conciliate Japan and help it neutralize Russia, Taft and his Secretary of State Philander Knox ignored Roosevelt's policy and his advice. Dollar diplomacy was based on the false assumption that American financial interests could mobilize their potential power, and wanted to do so in East Asia. However, the American financial system was not geared to handle international finance, such as loans and large investments, and had to depend primarily on London. The British also wanted an open door in China but were not prepared to support American financial maneuvers. Finally, the other powers held territorial interests, including naval bases and designated geographical areas which they dominated inside China, while the United States refused anything of the kind. Bankers were reluctant, but Taft and Knox kept pushing them. Most efforts were failures until finally, the United States forced its way into the Hukuang international railway loan. The loan was finally made by the so-called China Consortium in 1911 and helped spark a widespread "Railway Protection Movement" revolt against foreign investment that overthrew the Chinese government. The bonds caused no end of disappointment and trouble. As late as 1983, over 300 American investors tried, unsuccessfully, to force the government of China to redeem the worthless Hukuang bonds. When Woodrow Wilson became president in March 1913, he immediately canceled all support for Dollar diplomacy. Historians agree that Taft's Dollar diplomacy was a failure everywhere, In the Far East alienated Japan and Russia, and created a deep suspicion among the other powers hostile to American motives.

Paragraph 24: This grant program offers a total of $402 million to enhance the state and local levels' ability to implement the goals and objectives of each state's individual preparedness report, which is one of the first steps in moving the grant processes, programs, and planning from a focus on loosely affiliated equipment, training, exercises and technical assistance projects to one that delivers a picture of prevention, protection, response and recovery capacity. In correspondence with the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-53) (9/11 Act), states receiving funding are legally required to ensure that at least 25 percent of the appropriated funds are dedicated to the planning, organization, training, exercise and equipment necessary for terrorism prevention. Additionally, SHSP funds may be used to facilitate secure identification including REAL ID, enhanced driver's licenses, Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), and first responder credentialing. Only those items specified on the "authorized equipment list" are eligible to be purchased by SHSP funding. Authorized items fall into the following 18 categories: personal protective equipment (fully encapsulated liquid and vapor protection ensemble, chemical resistant gloves, etc.) explosive device mitigation and remediation equipment (ballistic threat body armor, real-time x-ray unit, etc.), chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and high-yield explosive (CBRNE) search and rescue equipment (rescue ropes and ladder, confined space kits, etc.), interoperable communications equipment (personal alert safety system, antenna and tower systems, etc.), detection equipment (M-8 detection paper for chemical agent identification, photo-ionization detector, etc.), decontamination equipment (decontamination litters/roller systems, high efficiency particulate air vacuum, etc.), physical security enhancement equipment (motion detector systems, radar systems, etc.), terrorism incident prevention equipment (joint regional information exchange system, law enforcement surveillance equipment, etc.), CBRNE logistical support equipment (equipment trailers, handheld computers for emergency response applications, etc.), CBRNE incident response vehicles (hazardous materials vehicles, mobile morgue unit, etc.) medical supplies and limited types of pharmaceuticals (automatic biphasic external defibrillators and carry bags, epinephrine, etc.) CBRNE reference materials (National Fire Protection Association guide to hazardous materials, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health hazardous materials pocket guide, etc.), agricultural terrorism prevention, response and mitigation equipment (animal restraints, blood sampling supplies, etc.), CBRNE response watercraft (surface boats and vessels for port homeland security purposes), CBRNE aviation equipment (fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, etc.), cyber security enhancement equipment (firewall and authentication technologies, geographic information systems, etc.), intervention equipment (tactical entry equipment, specialized response vehicles and vessels, etc.), and other authorized equipment (installation costs for authorized equipment, shipping costs of equipment, etc.).

Paragraph 25: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 

Paragraph 26: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 

Paragraph 27: Soul later worked as a barmaid at Martick's (later Martick's Restaurant Francais), a bistro run by Morris Martick on Mulberry Street in Baltimore. Here, she also worked as an artist's model. Her role in Baltimore was compared with Paris' Kiki de Montparnasse. Starting November 4, 1966, Martick's hosted "The Maelcum Show" with 25 art works of her nude, created by different artists, including her husband Dudley Grant with various styles and mediums. Some pieces were made of stained glass and cardboard cutouts. During her life, most "young-Turk" artists of Baltimore used Soul as a model. Earl Hofmann painted her as a surrealistic giant towering over Baltimore. In response to the exhibit, Soul reported "It’s very funny to see 25 of yous staring at you. It's a happy things, a fun thing, I feel like it’s my birthday."

Paragraph 28: On 4 November 1794, Barthélemy Louis Joseph Schérer replaced the ill Dumerbion as army commander. Schérer wrote that Sérurier was "a very good officer, devoted to his duties; his patriotism has been attacked in the time of Hébert and his consorts; he has emerged victorious from all these charges. In my opinion he is worthy of the post he holds on the right of the active army." Sérurier's promotion was not confirmed until 13 June 1795. The Austro-Sardinian commander Joseph Nikolaus De Vins attacked the French lines on 24 June. Most of the assaults failed but since a few positions were captured and could not be retaken, the French withdrew from Vado to Borghetto Santo Spirito by 5 July. In the new line, Masséna with 14,000 troops held the coast while Sérurier and 6,000 men defended Ormea. On 5 July Sérurier reported that a key position had been partly lost, causing consternation at army headquarters. Later that day he reported that one of his brigadiers, Louis Pelletier, retook the position. Curiously, this incident did not count against him; instead Sérurier was given command of the left wing in place of Garnier. On the evening of 31 August, his headquarters at Saint-Martin-Vésubie was surrounded by the enemy. Though only 318 soldiers were at hand, Sérurier resisted successfully until early the following morning when he attacked and scattered his attackers, capturing 86 of them. The enemy commander, the émigré Chevalier Bonnaud committed suicide. Not only was he a good soldier, but Sérurier's troops liked him, he treated the local civilians with decency and his diplomacy allowed him to serve as a link between his army and the neighboring Army of the Alps. François Christophe Kellermann then in command of both armies, wrote, "It is to the coolness and courage of this excellent officer that was due the success of this glorious day."

Paragraph 29: For the film The Towering Inferno (1974), Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and William Holden all tried to obtain top billing. Holden was refused as his diminished star power was no longer considered to be in the league of McQueen's and Newman's. To provide dual top billing and mollify McQueen, the credits were arranged diagonally, with McQueen at the lower left and Newman at the upper right. Thus, each actor appeared to have top billing depending on whether the poster was read from left to right or top to bottom. Technically, McQueen has top billing and is mentioned first in the film's trailers; however, at the end of the movie, as the cast's names roll from the bottom of the screen, Newman's name is fully visible first, giving him top billing in the closing credits. This was the first time that this type of "staggered but equal" billing had been used for a movie, although the same thing had been discussed for the same two actors five years earlier when McQueen was going to play the Sundance Kid in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). McQueen ultimately passed on the part and was replaced by Robert Redford, who did not enjoy McQueen's status and took second billing to Newman. Today, it has become understood that whoever's name appears to the left has top billing, but this was by no means the case when The Towering Inferno was produced. This same approach has often been used subsequently, including Cruel Intentions (1999), Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow (2004), and Righteous Kill (2008) starring Robert De Niro and Al Pacino.

Paragraph 30: On the morning of the attacks, Ganci's best friend and executive assistant, Steve Mosiello, was going to drive Ganci to court, where Ganci had been scheduled for jury duty. However, immediately after American Airlines Flight 11 hit the North Tower (1 World Trade Center) at 8:46 A.M. Ganci, Mosiello, and Chief of Operations Danny Nigro rushed there from their command post in downtown Brooklyn. Driving there in Ganci's car, they arrived on the scene in less than 10 minutes, and set up a command post on a ramp leading to a garage near the North Tower, in time to see United Airlines Flight 175 hit the South Tower at 9:03 A.M. According to Newsday, Ganci and others were in the basement of the South Tower when it collapsed at 9:59 A.M., but they dug themselves out of the rubble that had caved in on them. Ganci ordered his men to set up a different command post in a safer location, farther north of the buildings, and ordered Mosiello to acquire backup. However, Ganci himself returned to the buildings, coming to stand in front of 1 World Trade Center, where he was directing the rescue efforts with a multichannel radio, when the building collapsed. He and Mayor Rudy Giuliani had spoken just minutes before, when Giuliani had left for his command post, following Ganci's instruction to Giuliani for the fire commissioners and others to clear the area because it was apparent the North Tower would fall. However, Ganci himself did not evacuate the area, saying, "I'm not leaving my men", and remained at that location with William Feehan, first deputy commissioner of the fire department.

Paragraph 31: Not for the first or the last time, the fate of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany was now determined by events outside its borders.  On 12 March 1849 the King of Sardinia-Piedmont repudiated the Armistice of Salasco.  Field Marshall Radetzky with his Austrian army of some 70,000 men, reacted promptly:  he seized the fortress town of Mortara through bloody but brief battle with Sardinian forces, which then fell back towards Novara in Lombardy.   The Sardinian army was routed at the Battle of Novara on 22 March 1849, prompting the abdication of King Charles Albert of Sardinia-Piedmont in favour of his son.   News of these developments prompted Guerrazzi to try and persuade the moderates in the Tuscan parliament to agree to prepare for the return of Grand Duke Leopold.  He believed that this would be the only way to avoid an Austrian invasion of Tuscany.   The parliament proved truculent, however, and on 11/12 April 1849 "Dictator Guerrazzi" suffered the twin indignities both of his own arrest and of seeing the city authorities of Florence, acting in the name of the Grand Duke, assume the power formerly exercised by what remained of the provisional government.  Guerrazzi had attempted without success to reconvene the parliament which was dissolved through the intervention of the city authorities.   At the end of April 1849, supported by the moral and physical force provided by an Austrian expeditionary force camped on the border near Este, the Grand Duke returned.     During May 1849 Austrian troops entered Tuscany in force.   Following news of the  disaster at Novara Antonio Mordini had abruptly left Florence for Pisa, hoping to be able to retire from public life and live quietly with his family.   After the arrest of Guerrazzi it became clear that this was not going to be an option.   On 19 April 1849 Mordini succeeded in obtaining a passport-visa from the French consulate in Pisa.   There followed three weeks during which he was actively sought by the police, but he managed to evade arrest, making his way (by a very indirect route that took in his parents' home in Barga) to Montecatini, near the coast, where he spent the night of 9 May 1849.   The next day he embarked from Viareggio for Corsica.   Due to the threatening weather the two sailors taking him were obliged to take him all the way Bastia which had protected harbour facilities.   He lingered in Bastia till September, and then made his way to Genoa, and from there to Nice.

Paragraph 32: On the morning of the attacks, Ganci's best friend and executive assistant, Steve Mosiello, was going to drive Ganci to court, where Ganci had been scheduled for jury duty. However, immediately after American Airlines Flight 11 hit the North Tower (1 World Trade Center) at 8:46 A.M. Ganci, Mosiello, and Chief of Operations Danny Nigro rushed there from their command post in downtown Brooklyn. Driving there in Ganci's car, they arrived on the scene in less than 10 minutes, and set up a command post on a ramp leading to a garage near the North Tower, in time to see United Airlines Flight 175 hit the South Tower at 9:03 A.M. According to Newsday, Ganci and others were in the basement of the South Tower when it collapsed at 9:59 A.M., but they dug themselves out of the rubble that had caved in on them. Ganci ordered his men to set up a different command post in a safer location, farther north of the buildings, and ordered Mosiello to acquire backup. However, Ganci himself returned to the buildings, coming to stand in front of 1 World Trade Center, where he was directing the rescue efforts with a multichannel radio, when the building collapsed. He and Mayor Rudy Giuliani had spoken just minutes before, when Giuliani had left for his command post, following Ganci's instruction to Giuliani for the fire commissioners and others to clear the area because it was apparent the North Tower would fall. However, Ganci himself did not evacuate the area, saying, "I'm not leaving my men", and remained at that location with William Feehan, first deputy commissioner of the fire department.

Paragraph 33: One day, after Megumi, Hime, Yuko, and Iona help put on a puppet show at a nursery, they come across a living doll named Tsumugi, who claims that her homeland, the Doll Kingdom, is under Saiark attack. As the girls follow Tsumugi to the Doll Kingdom, where they fight against a Windmill Saiark, Blue, who had never heard of the Doll Kingdom before, is suddenly attacked by a darkness coming from his mirror. After defeating the Saiark, the girls are introduced to the Doll Kingdom's prince, Zeke, who Hime gets an instant crush on, and are taken to the kingdom's castle for a celebratory party. As Yuko and Iona figure there is something amiss, Seiji is ambushed by Bee Saiarks and transformed into a doll. With more Saiarks suddenly appearing, Megumi learns that Tsumugi is the one who created the fake Saiarks and led the Cures into a trap. It is revealed that Zeke and the other residents of the kingdom are all dolls belonging to Tsumugi, who loved to dance in the real world but one day lost the ability to use her legs, shutting herself off from her friends and family. She was brought into a man-made kingdom by a commander from the Phantom Empire named Black Fang, who stated that the only way she would be able to continue dancing in this kingdom is to defeat the Pretty Cures. After the Cures retreat, Megumi laments how she can't help to cure Tsumugi's legs, but the others assure her they can do something if they work together. Together, they try to show Tsumugi what she truly needs to be happy, but they are all ensnared by Black Fang, who reveals he was the one who stole Tsumugi's ability to dance in order to wield the power born from her despair. Wanting Tsumugi to remember her happiness, Zeke and the other dolls sacrifice themselves in order to free the Cures, allowing Megumi to reach Tsumugi. Stating her firm desire to help her, Megumi helps Tsugumi realize there are things besides dancing that brings her happiness and stops her flow of despair, freeing the captured Seiji and Blue in the process. Black Fang uses what despair he has collected to transform into a more powerful form, which can even block out the power of the Miracle Dress Lights Blue sends to people around the world. However, Megumi's undying determination gives Tsumugi the strength to turn her despair into hope, allowing the power of the Miracle Dress Lights to reach Megumi, who transforms into Super Happiness Lovely and defeats Black Fang alongside the other Cures. After assuring Megumi that she does have the power to make everyone happy, Tsumugi returns to the real world and regains the use of her legs, finally able to dance the way she wants again.

Paragraph 34: One day, after Megumi, Hime, Yuko, and Iona help put on a puppet show at a nursery, they come across a living doll named Tsumugi, who claims that her homeland, the Doll Kingdom, is under Saiark attack. As the girls follow Tsumugi to the Doll Kingdom, where they fight against a Windmill Saiark, Blue, who had never heard of the Doll Kingdom before, is suddenly attacked by a darkness coming from his mirror. After defeating the Saiark, the girls are introduced to the Doll Kingdom's prince, Zeke, who Hime gets an instant crush on, and are taken to the kingdom's castle for a celebratory party. As Yuko and Iona figure there is something amiss, Seiji is ambushed by Bee Saiarks and transformed into a doll. With more Saiarks suddenly appearing, Megumi learns that Tsumugi is the one who created the fake Saiarks and led the Cures into a trap. It is revealed that Zeke and the other residents of the kingdom are all dolls belonging to Tsumugi, who loved to dance in the real world but one day lost the ability to use her legs, shutting herself off from her friends and family. She was brought into a man-made kingdom by a commander from the Phantom Empire named Black Fang, who stated that the only way she would be able to continue dancing in this kingdom is to defeat the Pretty Cures. After the Cures retreat, Megumi laments how she can't help to cure Tsumugi's legs, but the others assure her they can do something if they work together. Together, they try to show Tsumugi what she truly needs to be happy, but they are all ensnared by Black Fang, who reveals he was the one who stole Tsumugi's ability to dance in order to wield the power born from her despair. Wanting Tsumugi to remember her happiness, Zeke and the other dolls sacrifice themselves in order to free the Cures, allowing Megumi to reach Tsumugi. Stating her firm desire to help her, Megumi helps Tsugumi realize there are things besides dancing that brings her happiness and stops her flow of despair, freeing the captured Seiji and Blue in the process. Black Fang uses what despair he has collected to transform into a more powerful form, which can even block out the power of the Miracle Dress Lights Blue sends to people around the world. However, Megumi's undying determination gives Tsumugi the strength to turn her despair into hope, allowing the power of the Miracle Dress Lights to reach Megumi, who transforms into Super Happiness Lovely and defeats Black Fang alongside the other Cures. After assuring Megumi that she does have the power to make everyone happy, Tsumugi returns to the real world and regains the use of her legs, finally able to dance the way she wants again.

Paragraph 35: Calf Fauld burn flows into the Dunton water at Dunton Cove, this water flows from Craigendunton Reservoir and joins the head water of the Craufurdland Water near Waterside. Capringstone Burn flows passed Overton and into the Annick Water near Dreghorn. Carlin burn flows near the Carlin stane and into the Hareshawmuir water. Clerkland burn rises near the Totherick and flows into the Corsehill burn, which joins the Annick water at Stewarton. Collorybog burn rises from the bog of that name and flows into the Fenwick water via the Drumtee water. Corsehill burn joins the Annick water at Stewarton. Cowlinn burn flows into the Lugton water at old Montgreenan castle. Cross Burn joins the Lugton Water near Caldwell House. Chapel burn rises near Lainshaw House from a chalybeate spring and runs into the Annick water at Chapeltoun bridge. Cuts burn flows into the Annick water near Games Hill in Stewarton. Davy's burn flows into the Hareshawmuir water. Downie's burn joins the Irvine at Townhead in Newmilns, having flowed through the Parkerston glen. Drumduff burn flows from the base of Drumduff Hill into the Loudoun water, which flows into the Glen water and into the Irvine at Darvel. Drumtee water flows into the Fenwick water. Dunton water flows from Craigendunton Reservoir and joins the head water of the Craufurdland Water near Waterside. Draught burn joins the Lugton water near Eglinton Country Park. Duniflat Burn joins the Lugton Water near Lugton. East burn joins the Annick water in Darlington, Stewarton. Fenwick water joins with the Craufurdland water and forms the Kilmarnock water, which runs into the Irvine at Riccarton. Gardrum Mill burn joins the Carmel water near Fenwick. Garrier burn flows into the Irvine near Springside. Garroch burn joins the Cessnock water. Gill burn rises below Queenseat Hill and its waters flow into the Greenfield burn, then into the Soame burn, next into the Kingswell burn and into the Fenwick water. Gills burn flows into the Black water near Dunlop. Glazert (Glassard in 1779) water flows into the Annick water at Watermeetings near Cunninghamhead. Glen Burn at Darvel, flowing into the Irvine directly. Glen Burn rises near Over Auchentiber by Blacklaw Hill. Gower water joins the Irvine at Priestland outside Darvel. Gowkshaw burn has a confluence with the Rough Hill burn and runs into the Hareshawmuir water. Greenfield burn flows into the Soame burn near Soame bridge on the B764 and flows into the Kingswell burn and then flows into the Fenwick water. Grassyard burn flows into the Craufurdland water near Craufurdland bridge.

Paragraph 36: This grant program offers a total of $402 million to enhance the state and local levels' ability to implement the goals and objectives of each state's individual preparedness report, which is one of the first steps in moving the grant processes, programs, and planning from a focus on loosely affiliated equipment, training, exercises and technical assistance projects to one that delivers a picture of prevention, protection, response and recovery capacity. In correspondence with the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110-53) (9/11 Act), states receiving funding are legally required to ensure that at least 25 percent of the appropriated funds are dedicated to the planning, organization, training, exercise and equipment necessary for terrorism prevention. Additionally, SHSP funds may be used to facilitate secure identification including REAL ID, enhanced driver's licenses, Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), and first responder credentialing. Only those items specified on the "authorized equipment list" are eligible to be purchased by SHSP funding. Authorized items fall into the following 18 categories: personal protective equipment (fully encapsulated liquid and vapor protection ensemble, chemical resistant gloves, etc.) explosive device mitigation and remediation equipment (ballistic threat body armor, real-time x-ray unit, etc.), chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and high-yield explosive (CBRNE) search and rescue equipment (rescue ropes and ladder, confined space kits, etc.), interoperable communications equipment (personal alert safety system, antenna and tower systems, etc.), detection equipment (M-8 detection paper for chemical agent identification, photo-ionization detector, etc.), decontamination equipment (decontamination litters/roller systems, high efficiency particulate air vacuum, etc.), physical security enhancement equipment (motion detector systems, radar systems, etc.), terrorism incident prevention equipment (joint regional information exchange system, law enforcement surveillance equipment, etc.), CBRNE logistical support equipment (equipment trailers, handheld computers for emergency response applications, etc.), CBRNE incident response vehicles (hazardous materials vehicles, mobile morgue unit, etc.) medical supplies and limited types of pharmaceuticals (automatic biphasic external defibrillators and carry bags, epinephrine, etc.) CBRNE reference materials (National Fire Protection Association guide to hazardous materials, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health hazardous materials pocket guide, etc.), agricultural terrorism prevention, response and mitigation equipment (animal restraints, blood sampling supplies, etc.), CBRNE response watercraft (surface boats and vessels for port homeland security purposes), CBRNE aviation equipment (fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, etc.), cyber security enhancement equipment (firewall and authentication technologies, geographic information systems, etc.), intervention equipment (tactical entry equipment, specialized response vehicles and vessels, etc.), and other authorized equipment (installation costs for authorized equipment, shipping costs of equipment, etc.).

Paragraph 37: Complete edition of the works attributed to him in Emil Baehrens, Poetae Latini Minores, iii. (1881); Cynegetica: ed. Moritz Haupt (with Ovid's Halieutica and Grattius) 1838, and R. Stern, with Grattius (1832); Italian translation with notes by L. F. Valdrighi (1876). The four eclogues are printed with those of Calpurnius in the editions of H. Schenkl (1885) and Charles Haines Keene (1887); see L. Cisorio, Studio sulle Egloghe di Nemesiano (1895) and Dell' imitazione nelle Egloghe di Nemesiano (1896); and M. Haupt, De Carminibus Bucolicis Calpurnii et Nemesiani (1853), the chief treatise on the subject. The text of the Cynegetica, the Eclogues, and the doubtful Fragment on Bird-Catching were published in Vol. II of Minor Latin Poets (Loeb Classical Library with English translations (1934).

Paragraph 38: Queensland scored first in the second half when, attacking close to the Blues' line, prop David Shillington was able to stand in a tackle and offload to Maroons captain Darren Lockyer, who raced through to get a try. Thurston missed the conversion, so the score remained 8–16 in favour of Queensland. Just before the fifty-minute mark, Lyon chipped the ball over the Maroons' defence for Hayne to race ahead and regather in the open space of Queensland's half. However Hayne instantly threw a speculative no-look pass to his winger which was high and went over the sideline untouched. When the Maroons 123 kg utility forward Dave Taylor took the field in the fifty-fifth minute, he became the heaviest player in State of Origin history. New South Wales then had an attacking opportunity close to Queensland's line and Lyon put a kick up towards the goal-posts which none of the leapers could catch, and Watmough was there to grab it and take it over the line to score. Lyon converted, so the Blues were back within two points at 14–16 with twenty-three minutes of the match remaining. In the sixty-first minute after being tackled on the halfway line, the Maroons worked the ball out to Boyd's wing, where he raced down the sideline before throwing it back in to Greg Inglis to score out wide. Thurston's kick was successful, so Queensland were in front 14–22. In the sixty-seventh minute as New South Wales fullback Kurt Gidley was returning a kick to the ten-metre mark, Thurston, who led the Maroons' chasers, took the ball from his arms one-on-one and gave it to Sam Thaiday, who scored by the posts. The try was awarded and Thurston converted, so the score was 14–28. The Blues scored next when deep inside Queensland's territory they worked the ball out to the right wing where Jamal Idris, making his Origin debut, forced his way over the line. The video referee was called upon to award the try and Lyon's conversion attempt hit one of the uprights, so the score was 18–28 with just over six minutes of play remaining. In the final minute New South Wales got a further consolation try when Gidley chipped the ball ahead and Slater couldn't secure it, giving Ben Creagh the opportunity to dive on it over the line. Lyon kicked the extras, but time ran out before play was restarted, so Queensland won 24–28.

Paragraph 39: Queensland scored first in the second half when, attacking close to the Blues' line, prop David Shillington was able to stand in a tackle and offload to Maroons captain Darren Lockyer, who raced through to get a try. Thurston missed the conversion, so the score remained 8–16 in favour of Queensland. Just before the fifty-minute mark, Lyon chipped the ball over the Maroons' defence for Hayne to race ahead and regather in the open space of Queensland's half. However Hayne instantly threw a speculative no-look pass to his winger which was high and went over the sideline untouched. When the Maroons 123 kg utility forward Dave Taylor took the field in the fifty-fifth minute, he became the heaviest player in State of Origin history. New South Wales then had an attacking opportunity close to Queensland's line and Lyon put a kick up towards the goal-posts which none of the leapers could catch, and Watmough was there to grab it and take it over the line to score. Lyon converted, so the Blues were back within two points at 14–16 with twenty-three minutes of the match remaining. In the sixty-first minute after being tackled on the halfway line, the Maroons worked the ball out to Boyd's wing, where he raced down the sideline before throwing it back in to Greg Inglis to score out wide. Thurston's kick was successful, so Queensland were in front 14–22. In the sixty-seventh minute as New South Wales fullback Kurt Gidley was returning a kick to the ten-metre mark, Thurston, who led the Maroons' chasers, took the ball from his arms one-on-one and gave it to Sam Thaiday, who scored by the posts. The try was awarded and Thurston converted, so the score was 14–28. The Blues scored next when deep inside Queensland's territory they worked the ball out to the right wing where Jamal Idris, making his Origin debut, forced his way over the line. The video referee was called upon to award the try and Lyon's conversion attempt hit one of the uprights, so the score was 18–28 with just over six minutes of play remaining. In the final minute New South Wales got a further consolation try when Gidley chipped the ball ahead and Slater couldn't secure it, giving Ben Creagh the opportunity to dive on it over the line. Lyon kicked the extras, but time ran out before play was restarted, so Queensland won 24–28.

Paragraph 40: On 4 November 1794, Barthélemy Louis Joseph Schérer replaced the ill Dumerbion as army commander. Schérer wrote that Sérurier was "a very good officer, devoted to his duties; his patriotism has been attacked in the time of Hébert and his consorts; he has emerged victorious from all these charges. In my opinion he is worthy of the post he holds on the right of the active army." Sérurier's promotion was not confirmed until 13 June 1795. The Austro-Sardinian commander Joseph Nikolaus De Vins attacked the French lines on 24 June. Most of the assaults failed but since a few positions were captured and could not be retaken, the French withdrew from Vado to Borghetto Santo Spirito by 5 July. In the new line, Masséna with 14,000 troops held the coast while Sérurier and 6,000 men defended Ormea. On 5 July Sérurier reported that a key position had been partly lost, causing consternation at army headquarters. Later that day he reported that one of his brigadiers, Louis Pelletier, retook the position. Curiously, this incident did not count against him; instead Sérurier was given command of the left wing in place of Garnier. On the evening of 31 August, his headquarters at Saint-Martin-Vésubie was surrounded by the enemy. Though only 318 soldiers were at hand, Sérurier resisted successfully until early the following morning when he attacked and scattered his attackers, capturing 86 of them. The enemy commander, the émigré Chevalier Bonnaud committed suicide. Not only was he a good soldier, but Sérurier's troops liked him, he treated the local civilians with decency and his diplomacy allowed him to serve as a link between his army and the neighboring Army of the Alps. François Christophe Kellermann then in command of both armies, wrote, "It is to the coolness and courage of this excellent officer that was due the success of this glorious day."

Paragraph 41: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 

Paragraph 42: Yugoslavia won a bronze medal at EuroBasket 1979, where Ćosić and Kićanović were included in the All-Tournament Team. In 1980, Yugoslavia won their first and only Olympic gold at the 1980 Summer Olympics basketball tournament, to which the United States, as well as Argentina, Puerto Rico, Canada, and China, among others, did not participate due to the American-led boycott, thus withdrawing their national basketball teams from the tournament. Yugoslavia emerged as undefeated from both the preliminary round and the semifinal round. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Soviet Union, and Kićanović tied with Ćosić, also the rebounding leader, for most assists. Dalipagić was the scoring leader against Brazil and tied with Ćosić for rebounding leader, while Kićanović was the scoring leader against Italy and Cuba in the semifinal round, and again against Italy in the final, won 86–77 by Yugoslavia. They were runners-up at EuroBasket 1981, losing 84–67 to the Soviet Union in the final. They won a bronze medal at the 1982 FIBA World Championship. Kićanović tied with Dalipagić for scoring leader against Czechoslovakia and Australia, and with Radovanović against Spain, and was the scoring leader against the United States and Soviet Union; Avdija against Uruguay, Delibašić against Canada, Vilfan against Colombia, and Dalipagić in the Bronze medal game won 119–117 against Spain. Dragan Kićanović was included in the All-Tournament Team. 