Paragraph 1: Principal photography began at Pinewoods Studios in London on April 18, 1983, and wrapped on August 11, 1983. Although the Salkinds financed the film completely on their own budget, Warner Bros. was still involved in the production since the studio owned the distribution rights to the film, and its parent company, Warner Communications, was also the parent company of DC Comics, owners of all "Superman and Superman family" copyrights. The entire film was shot, edited and overseen under the supervision of Warner Bros. and originally scheduled to be released in July 1984. However, the relationship between the studio and the partnership was strained after the critical and commercial underperformance of Superman III in June 1983, during the production of the film. The Salkinds insisted on moving the opening date from the summer to the holiday season in order to avoid competition with other major films and the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The studio claimed it could not provide a holiday slot and relinquished its distribution rights of Supergirl to the Salkinds, who gave the distribution rights to Tri-Star Pictures. The film proceeded to be released overseas, however, and received a Royal Film Premiere in the United Kingdom in July 1.

Paragraph 2: With about five centuries of populational existence, the area of Anadia developed over successive mutations in administrative domain. The region, during its formative age, was not developed from the implementation of forals as was the traditional method of instituting land development. But, in the historical Aveiro district on three forals were instituted to promote development: Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim (centers that were part of the older parish of Moita). There have been posterior references to forals conceded in this area (in Avelãs de Caminho, for example), but they were insufficiently explained to indicate that the forals were more than mere local or defensive contracts between the Crown and/or the peoples of the area. Further, there were erroneous references to older forals by contemporary authors, in particular case, the municipalities of Aguim and Anadia. At the beginning of the 16th century, during the administrative reforms of King Manuel I, the king did not forget the coastal central region, and allocated several forals. In 1514, the municipalities of Anadia, Avelãs de Cima, Vilarinho do Bairro, Carvalhais (which included Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim), São Lourenço do Bairro, Aguim, Sangalhos, Pereiro (the parish of Avelãs de Cima), Óis do Bairro, Mogofores, Avelãs de Caminho, Boialvo (parish of Avelãs de Cima) and Vila Nova de Monsarros; in 1519 Paredes do Bairro was granted a writ and then in 1520 forals for Mogofores and Óis do Bairro were established.

Paragraph 3: Yulon Motor Co., Ltd. () is a Taiwanese automaker and importer. Taiwan's biggest automaker as of 2010, Yulon is known for building Nissan models under license. The original romanization of the company's name is Yue Loong, but in 1992 the company renewed its logo and switched to the shorter Yulon name. Historically, it is one of Taiwan's "big four" automakers. The company has over time evolved as a holding company that encompassed multiple public entities such as Yulon-Nissan Motor, Yulon Financial, Yulon Rental, Carnival Industrial Corporation and others. The group currently has a rivalry with Hotai Motor Group as the two largest Taiwanese automotive companies.

Paragraph 4: With his vitiligo condition worsening, Michael starts taking up plastic surgery, and a new look for his forthcoming Bad album. He later befriends a new little boy, Manny (based on Jordan Chandler). After releasing his eighth studio album, Dangerous in 1991, Ziggy confronts Michael, telling him spending a lot of money on children isn't benefitting his public image. Michael tells Ziggy he doesn't care about his image, but Ziggy argues otherwise, as the album Dangerous isn't charting successfully. Ziggy also tells Michael to stop living in a fantasy land and face reality. Reluctantly, Michael subsequently fires Ziggy, due to losing faith in him. Before embarking on his Dangerous World Tour in 1992, Michael visits Manny, telling him Steven Spielberg is making a Peter Pan film adaptation, and wants Michael to play Peter Pan. As Michael is about to leave Manny tells his father, Dr. Adam Thomas, that he and Michael have now had 30 sleepovers. The father asks Michael if he has read his screenplay which he wants Spielberg to consider for the Peter Pan film, but Michael says he hasn't had the time due to his promoting the album. Whilst Michael is on tour, news breaks that Manny and his father were accusing Michael of molesting him. Michael believes Manny's father is financially driven and is accusing him as revenge for not reading his screenplay and suggests giving it to Spielberg, hoping Dr. Thomas will drop the charges in return, but Michael's new manager, Bobby, tells him the Peter Pan movie has been cancelled (in reality, the Peter Pan adaptation was Hook, and the role of Peter Pan was instead given to Robin Williams, as Michael didn't like the idea of Spielberg's vision of an adult Peter Pan who had forgotten about his past). Michael insists the allegations are lies, telling his close friend, actress, Elizabeth Taylor that he "would never hurt a child" and "would slit [his] wrist" first. Elizabeth ensures Michael she knows he's innocent and concerned for his health, convinces him to cancel the rest of his tour and go to rehab. Michael is left feeling betrayed as he watches his sister La Toya in an interview on television, refusing to defend her brother and raising allegations of him bribing children's parents (she would later apologise for this, and claim she was groomed into saying it by former manager and husband, Jack Gordon). In an interview with the police, Manny confirms he initially slept on the floor and subsequently in Michael's bed. Manny stutters and gets emotional when coming out to the police with these allegations, feeling like he's betrayed Michael. After being photographed naked for investigation, Michael, feeling humiliated, suggests to his lawyer, Johnnie Cochran, that they settle out of the court. After settling with Manny's family for $25 million, Michael returns to Neverland where his fans welcome him back and show their love and support, believing the singer's innocence.

Paragraph 5: With his vitiligo condition worsening, Michael starts taking up plastic surgery, and a new look for his forthcoming Bad album. He later befriends a new little boy, Manny (based on Jordan Chandler). After releasing his eighth studio album, Dangerous in 1991, Ziggy confronts Michael, telling him spending a lot of money on children isn't benefitting his public image. Michael tells Ziggy he doesn't care about his image, but Ziggy argues otherwise, as the album Dangerous isn't charting successfully. Ziggy also tells Michael to stop living in a fantasy land and face reality. Reluctantly, Michael subsequently fires Ziggy, due to losing faith in him. Before embarking on his Dangerous World Tour in 1992, Michael visits Manny, telling him Steven Spielberg is making a Peter Pan film adaptation, and wants Michael to play Peter Pan. As Michael is about to leave Manny tells his father, Dr. Adam Thomas, that he and Michael have now had 30 sleepovers. The father asks Michael if he has read his screenplay which he wants Spielberg to consider for the Peter Pan film, but Michael says he hasn't had the time due to his promoting the album. Whilst Michael is on tour, news breaks that Manny and his father were accusing Michael of molesting him. Michael believes Manny's father is financially driven and is accusing him as revenge for not reading his screenplay and suggests giving it to Spielberg, hoping Dr. Thomas will drop the charges in return, but Michael's new manager, Bobby, tells him the Peter Pan movie has been cancelled (in reality, the Peter Pan adaptation was Hook, and the role of Peter Pan was instead given to Robin Williams, as Michael didn't like the idea of Spielberg's vision of an adult Peter Pan who had forgotten about his past). Michael insists the allegations are lies, telling his close friend, actress, Elizabeth Taylor that he "would never hurt a child" and "would slit [his] wrist" first. Elizabeth ensures Michael she knows he's innocent and concerned for his health, convinces him to cancel the rest of his tour and go to rehab. Michael is left feeling betrayed as he watches his sister La Toya in an interview on television, refusing to defend her brother and raising allegations of him bribing children's parents (she would later apologise for this, and claim she was groomed into saying it by former manager and husband, Jack Gordon). In an interview with the police, Manny confirms he initially slept on the floor and subsequently in Michael's bed. Manny stutters and gets emotional when coming out to the police with these allegations, feeling like he's betrayed Michael. After being photographed naked for investigation, Michael, feeling humiliated, suggests to his lawyer, Johnnie Cochran, that they settle out of the court. After settling with Manny's family for $25 million, Michael returns to Neverland where his fans welcome him back and show their love and support, believing the singer's innocence.

Paragraph 6: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 9–13, 1862. Duty at Camp Douglas, Illinois, guarding prisoners, September 6 to November 9, 1862. Grant's Mississippi Central Campaign. "Tallahatchie March" November 26-December 13. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. McClernand's Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 22, and duty there until March. Expedition to Rolling Fork, via Muddy. Steele's and Black Bayous and Deer Creek March 14–27. Deer Creek March 22. Demonstrations on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Movement to Jackson, Mississippi, via Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson May 14, Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Big Black until September 22. Moved to Memphis, Tennessee; then marched to Chattanooga, Tennessee, September 22-November 20. Operations on Memphis & Charleston Railroad in Alabama October 20–29. Bear Creek, Tuscumbia, Alabama, October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Foot of Missionary Ridge November 24. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 26. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville November 28-December 8. At Larkinsville, Alabama, until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Movement on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Ezra Chapel, Hood's second sortie, July 28. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the Sea November 15-December 10. Clinton November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Assault and capture of Fort McAllister December 13. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, South Carolina, February 2–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Battle of Bentonville, North Carolina, March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Virginia, April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 7: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 9–13, 1862. Duty at Camp Douglas, Illinois, guarding prisoners, September 6 to November 9, 1862. Grant's Mississippi Central Campaign. "Tallahatchie March" November 26-December 13. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. McClernand's Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 22, and duty there until March. Expedition to Rolling Fork, via Muddy. Steele's and Black Bayous and Deer Creek March 14–27. Deer Creek March 22. Demonstrations on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Movement to Jackson, Mississippi, via Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson May 14, Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Big Black until September 22. Moved to Memphis, Tennessee; then marched to Chattanooga, Tennessee, September 22-November 20. Operations on Memphis & Charleston Railroad in Alabama October 20–29. Bear Creek, Tuscumbia, Alabama, October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Foot of Missionary Ridge November 24. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 26. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville November 28-December 8. At Larkinsville, Alabama, until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Movement on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Ezra Chapel, Hood's second sortie, July 28. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the Sea November 15-December 10. Clinton November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Assault and capture of Fort McAllister December 13. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, South Carolina, February 2–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Battle of Bentonville, North Carolina, March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Virginia, April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 8: In the 2017 edition of the contest, students from 25 film schools across the country were eligible to submit their scripts focusing on the movie-going experience and Coca-Cola's role in it. Unlike the 2016 contest, students were required to submit their applications in teams of two. Additionally, five finalists were chosen in this edition, instead of three like in the previous year. Each of the finalist teams received $15,000 to produce their films, which ran for 30 seconds along for an additional 5-second bumper. The Red Ribbon Panel, consisting of industry professionals such as actor Clark Gregg, actor Giovanni Ribisi and director Richie Keen, selected the winning film, which was announced during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 27, 2017. The grand prize winners were Julian Conner and Tom Teller from Chapman University, whose film was shown in Regal locations nationwide beginning in May 2017. This was Chapman University's first win in the contest since Rosemary Lambert's "The Reel Monkey" in 2006, and its second win overall. The winning film, "Crunch Time," is about a robot who comes to life in a theater lobby and joins the human movie-goers to watch a film. RED Digital Cinema, the provider of professional technology for the contest, also awarded Conner and Teller with a SCARLET-W 5K camera package and Chapman University with a RED EPIC-X 6K camera package. In addition to "Crunch Time," Coca-Cola Regal Films also chose to air the finalist films "Coca-Cola Gaze" and "Just in Time" in theaters beginning in September 2017 due to the quality of the work put in by the student filmmakers.

Paragraph 9: Principal photography began at Pinewoods Studios in London on April 18, 1983, and wrapped on August 11, 1983. Although the Salkinds financed the film completely on their own budget, Warner Bros. was still involved in the production since the studio owned the distribution rights to the film, and its parent company, Warner Communications, was also the parent company of DC Comics, owners of all "Superman and Superman family" copyrights. The entire film was shot, edited and overseen under the supervision of Warner Bros. and originally scheduled to be released in July 1984. However, the relationship between the studio and the partnership was strained after the critical and commercial underperformance of Superman III in June 1983, during the production of the film. The Salkinds insisted on moving the opening date from the summer to the holiday season in order to avoid competition with other major films and the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The studio claimed it could not provide a holiday slot and relinquished its distribution rights of Supergirl to the Salkinds, who gave the distribution rights to Tri-Star Pictures. The film proceeded to be released overseas, however, and received a Royal Film Premiere in the United Kingdom in July 1.

Paragraph 10: In the 2017 edition of the contest, students from 25 film schools across the country were eligible to submit their scripts focusing on the movie-going experience and Coca-Cola's role in it. Unlike the 2016 contest, students were required to submit their applications in teams of two. Additionally, five finalists were chosen in this edition, instead of three like in the previous year. Each of the finalist teams received $15,000 to produce their films, which ran for 30 seconds along for an additional 5-second bumper. The Red Ribbon Panel, consisting of industry professionals such as actor Clark Gregg, actor Giovanni Ribisi and director Richie Keen, selected the winning film, which was announced during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 27, 2017. The grand prize winners were Julian Conner and Tom Teller from Chapman University, whose film was shown in Regal locations nationwide beginning in May 2017. This was Chapman University's first win in the contest since Rosemary Lambert's "The Reel Monkey" in 2006, and its second win overall. The winning film, "Crunch Time," is about a robot who comes to life in a theater lobby and joins the human movie-goers to watch a film. RED Digital Cinema, the provider of professional technology for the contest, also awarded Conner and Teller with a SCARLET-W 5K camera package and Chapman University with a RED EPIC-X 6K camera package. In addition to "Crunch Time," Coca-Cola Regal Films also chose to air the finalist films "Coca-Cola Gaze" and "Just in Time" in theaters beginning in September 2017 due to the quality of the work put in by the student filmmakers.

Paragraph 11: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 9–13, 1862. Duty at Camp Douglas, Illinois, guarding prisoners, September 6 to November 9, 1862. Grant's Mississippi Central Campaign. "Tallahatchie March" November 26-December 13. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. McClernand's Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 22, and duty there until March. Expedition to Rolling Fork, via Muddy. Steele's and Black Bayous and Deer Creek March 14–27. Deer Creek March 22. Demonstrations on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Movement to Jackson, Mississippi, via Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson May 14, Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Big Black until September 22. Moved to Memphis, Tennessee; then marched to Chattanooga, Tennessee, September 22-November 20. Operations on Memphis & Charleston Railroad in Alabama October 20–29. Bear Creek, Tuscumbia, Alabama, October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Foot of Missionary Ridge November 24. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 26. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville November 28-December 8. At Larkinsville, Alabama, until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Movement on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Ezra Chapel, Hood's second sortie, July 28. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the Sea November 15-December 10. Clinton November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Assault and capture of Fort McAllister December 13. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, South Carolina, February 2–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Battle of Bentonville, North Carolina, March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Virginia, April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 12: In the 2017 edition of the contest, students from 25 film schools across the country were eligible to submit their scripts focusing on the movie-going experience and Coca-Cola's role in it. Unlike the 2016 contest, students were required to submit their applications in teams of two. Additionally, five finalists were chosen in this edition, instead of three like in the previous year. Each of the finalist teams received $15,000 to produce their films, which ran for 30 seconds along for an additional 5-second bumper. The Red Ribbon Panel, consisting of industry professionals such as actor Clark Gregg, actor Giovanni Ribisi and director Richie Keen, selected the winning film, which was announced during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 27, 2017. The grand prize winners were Julian Conner and Tom Teller from Chapman University, whose film was shown in Regal locations nationwide beginning in May 2017. This was Chapman University's first win in the contest since Rosemary Lambert's "The Reel Monkey" in 2006, and its second win overall. The winning film, "Crunch Time," is about a robot who comes to life in a theater lobby and joins the human movie-goers to watch a film. RED Digital Cinema, the provider of professional technology for the contest, also awarded Conner and Teller with a SCARLET-W 5K camera package and Chapman University with a RED EPIC-X 6K camera package. In addition to "Crunch Time," Coca-Cola Regal Films also chose to air the finalist films "Coca-Cola Gaze" and "Just in Time" in theaters beginning in September 2017 due to the quality of the work put in by the student filmmakers.

Paragraph 13: In the 2017 edition of the contest, students from 25 film schools across the country were eligible to submit their scripts focusing on the movie-going experience and Coca-Cola's role in it. Unlike the 2016 contest, students were required to submit their applications in teams of two. Additionally, five finalists were chosen in this edition, instead of three like in the previous year. Each of the finalist teams received $15,000 to produce their films, which ran for 30 seconds along for an additional 5-second bumper. The Red Ribbon Panel, consisting of industry professionals such as actor Clark Gregg, actor Giovanni Ribisi and director Richie Keen, selected the winning film, which was announced during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 27, 2017. The grand prize winners were Julian Conner and Tom Teller from Chapman University, whose film was shown in Regal locations nationwide beginning in May 2017. This was Chapman University's first win in the contest since Rosemary Lambert's "The Reel Monkey" in 2006, and its second win overall. The winning film, "Crunch Time," is about a robot who comes to life in a theater lobby and joins the human movie-goers to watch a film. RED Digital Cinema, the provider of professional technology for the contest, also awarded Conner and Teller with a SCARLET-W 5K camera package and Chapman University with a RED EPIC-X 6K camera package. In addition to "Crunch Time," Coca-Cola Regal Films also chose to air the finalist films "Coca-Cola Gaze" and "Just in Time" in theaters beginning in September 2017 due to the quality of the work put in by the student filmmakers.

Paragraph 14: In the 2017 edition of the contest, students from 25 film schools across the country were eligible to submit their scripts focusing on the movie-going experience and Coca-Cola's role in it. Unlike the 2016 contest, students were required to submit their applications in teams of two. Additionally, five finalists were chosen in this edition, instead of three like in the previous year. Each of the finalist teams received $15,000 to produce their films, which ran for 30 seconds along for an additional 5-second bumper. The Red Ribbon Panel, consisting of industry professionals such as actor Clark Gregg, actor Giovanni Ribisi and director Richie Keen, selected the winning film, which was announced during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 27, 2017. The grand prize winners were Julian Conner and Tom Teller from Chapman University, whose film was shown in Regal locations nationwide beginning in May 2017. This was Chapman University's first win in the contest since Rosemary Lambert's "The Reel Monkey" in 2006, and its second win overall. The winning film, "Crunch Time," is about a robot who comes to life in a theater lobby and joins the human movie-goers to watch a film. RED Digital Cinema, the provider of professional technology for the contest, also awarded Conner and Teller with a SCARLET-W 5K camera package and Chapman University with a RED EPIC-X 6K camera package. In addition to "Crunch Time," Coca-Cola Regal Films also chose to air the finalist films "Coca-Cola Gaze" and "Just in Time" in theaters beginning in September 2017 due to the quality of the work put in by the student filmmakers.

Paragraph 15: With about five centuries of populational existence, the area of Anadia developed over successive mutations in administrative domain. The region, during its formative age, was not developed from the implementation of forals as was the traditional method of instituting land development. But, in the historical Aveiro district on three forals were instituted to promote development: Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim (centers that were part of the older parish of Moita). There have been posterior references to forals conceded in this area (in Avelãs de Caminho, for example), but they were insufficiently explained to indicate that the forals were more than mere local or defensive contracts between the Crown and/or the peoples of the area. Further, there were erroneous references to older forals by contemporary authors, in particular case, the municipalities of Aguim and Anadia. At the beginning of the 16th century, during the administrative reforms of King Manuel I, the king did not forget the coastal central region, and allocated several forals. In 1514, the municipalities of Anadia, Avelãs de Cima, Vilarinho do Bairro, Carvalhais (which included Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim), São Lourenço do Bairro, Aguim, Sangalhos, Pereiro (the parish of Avelãs de Cima), Óis do Bairro, Mogofores, Avelãs de Caminho, Boialvo (parish of Avelãs de Cima) and Vila Nova de Monsarros; in 1519 Paredes do Bairro was granted a writ and then in 1520 forals for Mogofores and Óis do Bairro were established.

Paragraph 16: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 9–13, 1862. Duty at Camp Douglas, Illinois, guarding prisoners, September 6 to November 9, 1862. Grant's Mississippi Central Campaign. "Tallahatchie March" November 26-December 13. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. McClernand's Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 22, and duty there until March. Expedition to Rolling Fork, via Muddy. Steele's and Black Bayous and Deer Creek March 14–27. Deer Creek March 22. Demonstrations on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Movement to Jackson, Mississippi, via Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson May 14, Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Big Black until September 22. Moved to Memphis, Tennessee; then marched to Chattanooga, Tennessee, September 22-November 20. Operations on Memphis & Charleston Railroad in Alabama October 20–29. Bear Creek, Tuscumbia, Alabama, October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Foot of Missionary Ridge November 24. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 26. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville November 28-December 8. At Larkinsville, Alabama, until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Movement on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Ezra Chapel, Hood's second sortie, July 28. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the Sea November 15-December 10. Clinton November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Assault and capture of Fort McAllister December 13. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, South Carolina, February 2–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Battle of Bentonville, North Carolina, March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Virginia, April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 17: Principal photography began at Pinewoods Studios in London on April 18, 1983, and wrapped on August 11, 1983. Although the Salkinds financed the film completely on their own budget, Warner Bros. was still involved in the production since the studio owned the distribution rights to the film, and its parent company, Warner Communications, was also the parent company of DC Comics, owners of all "Superman and Superman family" copyrights. The entire film was shot, edited and overseen under the supervision of Warner Bros. and originally scheduled to be released in July 1984. However, the relationship between the studio and the partnership was strained after the critical and commercial underperformance of Superman III in June 1983, during the production of the film. The Salkinds insisted on moving the opening date from the summer to the holiday season in order to avoid competition with other major films and the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The studio claimed it could not provide a holiday slot and relinquished its distribution rights of Supergirl to the Salkinds, who gave the distribution rights to Tri-Star Pictures. The film proceeded to be released overseas, however, and received a Royal Film Premiere in the United Kingdom in July 1.

Paragraph 18: Yulon Motor Co., Ltd. () is a Taiwanese automaker and importer. Taiwan's biggest automaker as of 2010, Yulon is known for building Nissan models under license. The original romanization of the company's name is Yue Loong, but in 1992 the company renewed its logo and switched to the shorter Yulon name. Historically, it is one of Taiwan's "big four" automakers. The company has over time evolved as a holding company that encompassed multiple public entities such as Yulon-Nissan Motor, Yulon Financial, Yulon Rental, Carnival Industrial Corporation and others. The group currently has a rivalry with Hotai Motor Group as the two largest Taiwanese automotive companies.

Paragraph 19: Principal photography began at Pinewoods Studios in London on April 18, 1983, and wrapped on August 11, 1983. Although the Salkinds financed the film completely on their own budget, Warner Bros. was still involved in the production since the studio owned the distribution rights to the film, and its parent company, Warner Communications, was also the parent company of DC Comics, owners of all "Superman and Superman family" copyrights. The entire film was shot, edited and overseen under the supervision of Warner Bros. and originally scheduled to be released in July 1984. However, the relationship between the studio and the partnership was strained after the critical and commercial underperformance of Superman III in June 1983, during the production of the film. The Salkinds insisted on moving the opening date from the summer to the holiday season in order to avoid competition with other major films and the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The studio claimed it could not provide a holiday slot and relinquished its distribution rights of Supergirl to the Salkinds, who gave the distribution rights to Tri-Star Pictures. The film proceeded to be released overseas, however, and received a Royal Film Premiere in the United Kingdom in July 1.

Paragraph 20: Yulon Motor Co., Ltd. () is a Taiwanese automaker and importer. Taiwan's biggest automaker as of 2010, Yulon is known for building Nissan models under license. The original romanization of the company's name is Yue Loong, but in 1992 the company renewed its logo and switched to the shorter Yulon name. Historically, it is one of Taiwan's "big four" automakers. The company has over time evolved as a holding company that encompassed multiple public entities such as Yulon-Nissan Motor, Yulon Financial, Yulon Rental, Carnival Industrial Corporation and others. The group currently has a rivalry with Hotai Motor Group as the two largest Taiwanese automotive companies.

Paragraph 21: With about five centuries of populational existence, the area of Anadia developed over successive mutations in administrative domain. The region, during its formative age, was not developed from the implementation of forals as was the traditional method of instituting land development. But, in the historical Aveiro district on three forals were instituted to promote development: Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim (centers that were part of the older parish of Moita). There have been posterior references to forals conceded in this area (in Avelãs de Caminho, for example), but they were insufficiently explained to indicate that the forals were more than mere local or defensive contracts between the Crown and/or the peoples of the area. Further, there were erroneous references to older forals by contemporary authors, in particular case, the municipalities of Aguim and Anadia. At the beginning of the 16th century, during the administrative reforms of King Manuel I, the king did not forget the coastal central region, and allocated several forals. In 1514, the municipalities of Anadia, Avelãs de Cima, Vilarinho do Bairro, Carvalhais (which included Ferreiros, Fontemanha and Vale de Avim), São Lourenço do Bairro, Aguim, Sangalhos, Pereiro (the parish of Avelãs de Cima), Óis do Bairro, Mogofores, Avelãs de Caminho, Boialvo (parish of Avelãs de Cima) and Vila Nova de Monsarros; in 1519 Paredes do Bairro was granted a writ and then in 1520 forals for Mogofores and Óis do Bairro were established.

Paragraph 22: Although Iraqi Kurdistan is not well known from an archaeological point of view, the available evidence nevertheless shows that the relatively favourable ecological conditions of the Iraqi part of the Zagros attracted human groups from early prehistory onwards. Lower Palaeolithic archaeological sites have to date not been found in the Iraqi part of the Zagros Mountains, but they are known from the Iranian side where numerous cave sites have been found during archaeological surveys. Information on the early prehistory of the wider Little Zab region itself comes from the excavations carried out by the Oriental Institute at archaeological sites east of Kirkuk and south of the Little Zab. The earliest evidence for human occupation in this region comes from the Middle Palaeolithic site of Barda Balka, where Late Acheulean stone tools have been found. Archaeological research elsewhere in the Zagros confirms the importance of this area to early human hunter-gatherers – including groups of Neanderthals as evidenced by the finds in Shanidar Cave in the Great Zab basin. Mousterian stone tools that were used by either Neanderthals or anatomically modern humans have recently been excavated in Erbil, between the Little Zab and the Great Zab. Both open-air and cave sites are attested for the Zarzian culture, which straddles the Upper and Epipalaeolithic periods. After the Zarzian, the focus of human occupation shifted from cave-sites, which continue to be used as secondary or seasonal occupation sites up to today, to open-air sites and it was in this period that the trend toward domestication of plants and animals set in. Domestication of the goat probably occurred first in this area of the Zagros. Jarmo, a tell east of Kirkuk, was a Neolithic village community that practiced agriculture and animal husbandry. Pottery occurs from the early occupation levels onward; in its later phases it resembles pottery from Hassuna. The early occupation of Tell Shemshara, in the Ranya Plain, can also be dated to this period. The archaeological fieldwork in the Ranya Plain showed that this area was occupied during the Ubaid, Uruk and Ninevite V periods – roughly from the middle 6th to the mid-3rd millennium BCE. Evidence for these periods comes from the Citadel of Erbil as well.

Paragraph 23: Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 9–13, 1862. Duty at Camp Douglas, Illinois, guarding prisoners, September 6 to November 9, 1862. Grant's Mississippi Central Campaign. "Tallahatchie March" November 26-December 13. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862 to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. McClernand's Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 22, and duty there until March. Expedition to Rolling Fork, via Muddy. Steele's and Black Bayous and Deer Creek March 14–27. Deer Creek March 22. Demonstrations on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Movement to Jackson, Mississippi, via Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson May 14, Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Mississippi, May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4. Advance on Jackson, Mississippi, July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. At Big Black until September 22. Moved to Memphis, Tennessee; then marched to Chattanooga, Tennessee, September 22-November 20. Operations on Memphis & Charleston Railroad in Alabama October 20–29. Bear Creek, Tuscumbia, Alabama, October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Foot of Missionary Ridge November 24. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 26. Pursuit to Graysville November 26–27. March to relief of Knoxville November 28-December 8. At Larkinsville, Alabama, until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Movement on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Ezra Chapel, Hood's second sortie, July 28. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the Sea November 15-December 10. Clinton November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Assault and capture of Fort McAllister December 13. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, South Carolina, February 2–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 16–17. Battle of Bentonville, North Carolina, March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Virginia, April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24.

Paragraph 24: With his vitiligo condition worsening, Michael starts taking up plastic surgery, and a new look for his forthcoming Bad album. He later befriends a new little boy, Manny (based on Jordan Chandler). After releasing his eighth studio album, Dangerous in 1991, Ziggy confronts Michael, telling him spending a lot of money on children isn't benefitting his public image. Michael tells Ziggy he doesn't care about his image, but Ziggy argues otherwise, as the album Dangerous isn't charting successfully. Ziggy also tells Michael to stop living in a fantasy land and face reality. Reluctantly, Michael subsequently fires Ziggy, due to losing faith in him. Before embarking on his Dangerous World Tour in 1992, Michael visits Manny, telling him Steven Spielberg is making a Peter Pan film adaptation, and wants Michael to play Peter Pan. As Michael is about to leave Manny tells his father, Dr. Adam Thomas, that he and Michael have now had 30 sleepovers. The father asks Michael if he has read his screenplay which he wants Spielberg to consider for the Peter Pan film, but Michael says he hasn't had the time due to his promoting the album. Whilst Michael is on tour, news breaks that Manny and his father were accusing Michael of molesting him. Michael believes Manny's father is financially driven and is accusing him as revenge for not reading his screenplay and suggests giving it to Spielberg, hoping Dr. Thomas will drop the charges in return, but Michael's new manager, Bobby, tells him the Peter Pan movie has been cancelled (in reality, the Peter Pan adaptation was Hook, and the role of Peter Pan was instead given to Robin Williams, as Michael didn't like the idea of Spielberg's vision of an adult Peter Pan who had forgotten about his past). Michael insists the allegations are lies, telling his close friend, actress, Elizabeth Taylor that he "would never hurt a child" and "would slit [his] wrist" first. Elizabeth ensures Michael she knows he's innocent and concerned for his health, convinces him to cancel the rest of his tour and go to rehab. Michael is left feeling betrayed as he watches his sister La Toya in an interview on television, refusing to defend her brother and raising allegations of him bribing children's parents (she would later apologise for this, and claim she was groomed into saying it by former manager and husband, Jack Gordon). In an interview with the police, Manny confirms he initially slept on the floor and subsequently in Michael's bed. Manny stutters and gets emotional when coming out to the police with these allegations, feeling like he's betrayed Michael. After being photographed naked for investigation, Michael, feeling humiliated, suggests to his lawyer, Johnnie Cochran, that they settle out of the court. After settling with Manny's family for $25 million, Michael returns to Neverland where his fans welcome him back and show their love and support, believing the singer's innocence.

Paragraph 25: Lee Harvey Oswald and his Russian-born wife Marina Oswald were introduced to de Mohrenschildt in the summer of 1962 in Fort Worth, Texas. De Mohrenschildt testified before the Warren Commission in 1964 that he met the Oswalds through a prominent member of Fort Worth's Russian-American community, oil accountant George Bouhe. When de Mohrenschildt asked whether it was safe to help Oswald, Bouhe said that he had checked with the FBI. De Mohrenschildt also believed that he had discussed Oswald with Max Clark, whom he believed worked for the FBI, and with J. Walton Moore, whom de Mohrenschildt described as "a Government man — either FBI or Central Intelligence", and who had debriefed de Mohrenschildt several times following his travels abroad, starting in 1957. (According to a declassified CIA document, obtained by the House Select Committee on Assassinations, de Mohrenschildt was in fact correct and J. Walton Moore was an agent of the CIA's Domestic Contacts Division in Dallas.) De Mohrenschildt asserted that, shortly after meeting Oswald, he had asked Moore and Fort Worth attorney Max E. Clark about Oswald to reassure himself that it was "safe" to assist Oswald. De Mohrenschildt testified that one of the persons with whom he had discussed Oswald told him that Oswald "seems to be OK," and that "he is a harmless lunatic." However, he was no longer sure who had told him that. (When interviewed in 1978 by the House Select Committee on Assassinations, J. Walton Moore said that while he "had 'periodic' contact with de Mohrenschildt", he had no recollection of any conversation with him concerning Oswald. During this period, tens of thousands of American citizens were routinely debriefed by the CIA after traveling to communist countries such as Yugoslavia, as de Mohrenschildt was.) After returning home from a weekend trip to Houston, de Mohrenschildt became aware that someone had broken into his home and copied his personal papers and other documents. At the time, he also had a manuscript that Oswald had given him to read, and realized that the document might also have been photocopied in the search. His primary concern was that the CIA was behind the break-in. According to de Mohrenschildt, Moore flatly denied when confronted that the CIA was involved in any way.

Paragraph 26: Although Iraqi Kurdistan is not well known from an archaeological point of view, the available evidence nevertheless shows that the relatively favourable ecological conditions of the Iraqi part of the Zagros attracted human groups from early prehistory onwards. Lower Palaeolithic archaeological sites have to date not been found in the Iraqi part of the Zagros Mountains, but they are known from the Iranian side where numerous cave sites have been found during archaeological surveys. Information on the early prehistory of the wider Little Zab region itself comes from the excavations carried out by the Oriental Institute at archaeological sites east of Kirkuk and south of the Little Zab. The earliest evidence for human occupation in this region comes from the Middle Palaeolithic site of Barda Balka, where Late Acheulean stone tools have been found. Archaeological research elsewhere in the Zagros confirms the importance of this area to early human hunter-gatherers – including groups of Neanderthals as evidenced by the finds in Shanidar Cave in the Great Zab basin. Mousterian stone tools that were used by either Neanderthals or anatomically modern humans have recently been excavated in Erbil, between the Little Zab and the Great Zab. Both open-air and cave sites are attested for the Zarzian culture, which straddles the Upper and Epipalaeolithic periods. After the Zarzian, the focus of human occupation shifted from cave-sites, which continue to be used as secondary or seasonal occupation sites up to today, to open-air sites and it was in this period that the trend toward domestication of plants and animals set in. Domestication of the goat probably occurred first in this area of the Zagros. Jarmo, a tell east of Kirkuk, was a Neolithic village community that practiced agriculture and animal husbandry. Pottery occurs from the early occupation levels onward; in its later phases it resembles pottery from Hassuna. The early occupation of Tell Shemshara, in the Ranya Plain, can also be dated to this period. The archaeological fieldwork in the Ranya Plain showed that this area was occupied during the Ubaid, Uruk and Ninevite V periods – roughly from the middle 6th to the mid-3rd millennium BCE. Evidence for these periods comes from the Citadel of Erbil as well.

Paragraph 27: With his vitiligo condition worsening, Michael starts taking up plastic surgery, and a new look for his forthcoming Bad album. He later befriends a new little boy, Manny (based on Jordan Chandler). After releasing his eighth studio album, Dangerous in 1991, Ziggy confronts Michael, telling him spending a lot of money on children isn't benefitting his public image. Michael tells Ziggy he doesn't care about his image, but Ziggy argues otherwise, as the album Dangerous isn't charting successfully. Ziggy also tells Michael to stop living in a fantasy land and face reality. Reluctantly, Michael subsequently fires Ziggy, due to losing faith in him. Before embarking on his Dangerous World Tour in 1992, Michael visits Manny, telling him Steven Spielberg is making a Peter Pan film adaptation, and wants Michael to play Peter Pan. As Michael is about to leave Manny tells his father, Dr. Adam Thomas, that he and Michael have now had 30 sleepovers. The father asks Michael if he has read his screenplay which he wants Spielberg to consider for the Peter Pan film, but Michael says he hasn't had the time due to his promoting the album. Whilst Michael is on tour, news breaks that Manny and his father were accusing Michael of molesting him. Michael believes Manny's father is financially driven and is accusing him as revenge for not reading his screenplay and suggests giving it to Spielberg, hoping Dr. Thomas will drop the charges in return, but Michael's new manager, Bobby, tells him the Peter Pan movie has been cancelled (in reality, the Peter Pan adaptation was Hook, and the role of Peter Pan was instead given to Robin Williams, as Michael didn't like the idea of Spielberg's vision of an adult Peter Pan who had forgotten about his past). Michael insists the allegations are lies, telling his close friend, actress, Elizabeth Taylor that he "would never hurt a child" and "would slit [his] wrist" first. Elizabeth ensures Michael she knows he's innocent and concerned for his health, convinces him to cancel the rest of his tour and go to rehab. Michael is left feeling betrayed as he watches his sister La Toya in an interview on television, refusing to defend her brother and raising allegations of him bribing children's parents (she would later apologise for this, and claim she was groomed into saying it by former manager and husband, Jack Gordon). In an interview with the police, Manny confirms he initially slept on the floor and subsequently in Michael's bed. Manny stutters and gets emotional when coming out to the police with these allegations, feeling like he's betrayed Michael. After being photographed naked for investigation, Michael, feeling humiliated, suggests to his lawyer, Johnnie Cochran, that they settle out of the court. After settling with Manny's family for $25 million, Michael returns to Neverland where his fans welcome him back and show their love and support, believing the singer's innocence.

Paragraph 28: The Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II, at the beginning of the Pacific War in December 1941, was the third most powerful navy in the world, and the naval air service was one of the most potent air forces in the world. During the first six months of the war, the Imperial Japanese Navy enjoyed spectacular success inflicting heavy defeats on Allied forces, being undefeated in every battle. The attack on Pearl Harbor crippled the battleships of the US Pacific Fleet, while Allied navies were devastated during Japan's conquest of Southeast Asia. Japanese Navy aircraft operating from land bases were also responsible for the sinkings of HMS Prince of Wales and HMS Repulse which was the first time that capital ships were sunk by aerial attack while underway. In April 1942, the Indian Ocean raid drove the Royal Navy from South East Asia. After these successes, the Japanese now concentrated on the elimination and neutralization of strategic points from where the Allies could launch counteroffensives against Japan's conquests. However, at Coral Sea the Japanese were forced to abandon their attempts to isolate Australia while the defeat at Midway saw them forced on the defensive. The campaign in the Solomon Islands, in which the Japanese lost the war of attrition, was the most decisive; they had failed to commit enough forces in sufficient time.

Paragraph 29: The Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II, at the beginning of the Pacific War in December 1941, was the third most powerful navy in the world, and the naval air service was one of the most potent air forces in the world. During the first six months of the war, the Imperial Japanese Navy enjoyed spectacular success inflicting heavy defeats on Allied forces, being undefeated in every battle. The attack on Pearl Harbor crippled the battleships of the US Pacific Fleet, while Allied navies were devastated during Japan's conquest of Southeast Asia. Japanese Navy aircraft operating from land bases were also responsible for the sinkings of HMS Prince of Wales and HMS Repulse which was the first time that capital ships were sunk by aerial attack while underway. In April 1942, the Indian Ocean raid drove the Royal Navy from South East Asia. After these successes, the Japanese now concentrated on the elimination and neutralization of strategic points from where the Allies could launch counteroffensives against Japan's conquests. However, at Coral Sea the Japanese were forced to abandon their attempts to isolate Australia while the defeat at Midway saw them forced on the defensive. The campaign in the Solomon Islands, in which the Japanese lost the war of attrition, was the most decisive; they had failed to commit enough forces in sufficient time.

Paragraph 30: Although Iraqi Kurdistan is not well known from an archaeological point of view, the available evidence nevertheless shows that the relatively favourable ecological conditions of the Iraqi part of the Zagros attracted human groups from early prehistory onwards. Lower Palaeolithic archaeological sites have to date not been found in the Iraqi part of the Zagros Mountains, but they are known from the Iranian side where numerous cave sites have been found during archaeological surveys. Information on the early prehistory of the wider Little Zab region itself comes from the excavations carried out by the Oriental Institute at archaeological sites east of Kirkuk and south of the Little Zab. The earliest evidence for human occupation in this region comes from the Middle Palaeolithic site of Barda Balka, where Late Acheulean stone tools have been found. Archaeological research elsewhere in the Zagros confirms the importance of this area to early human hunter-gatherers – including groups of Neanderthals as evidenced by the finds in Shanidar Cave in the Great Zab basin. Mousterian stone tools that were used by either Neanderthals or anatomically modern humans have recently been excavated in Erbil, between the Little Zab and the Great Zab. Both open-air and cave sites are attested for the Zarzian culture, which straddles the Upper and Epipalaeolithic periods. After the Zarzian, the focus of human occupation shifted from cave-sites, which continue to be used as secondary or seasonal occupation sites up to today, to open-air sites and it was in this period that the trend toward domestication of plants and animals set in. Domestication of the goat probably occurred first in this area of the Zagros. Jarmo, a tell east of Kirkuk, was a Neolithic village community that practiced agriculture and animal husbandry. Pottery occurs from the early occupation levels onward; in its later phases it resembles pottery from Hassuna. The early occupation of Tell Shemshara, in the Ranya Plain, can also be dated to this period. The archaeological fieldwork in the Ranya Plain showed that this area was occupied during the Ubaid, Uruk and Ninevite V periods – roughly from the middle 6th to the mid-3rd millennium BCE. Evidence for these periods comes from the Citadel of Erbil as well.