Paragraph 1: The Florence area was known as "Broughton's Meadow" referring to John Broughton, an English settler who purchased land in 1657 that included what is now Northampton and Florence. Broughton's Meadow was used to describe the area until 1846. Other names included "Warner School District" after three brothers who had lived in the area during the early 19th century, and "The Community" referring to the Northampton Association of Education and Industry from 1842 through 1846. In 1848, the village took on the name Bensonville after George W. Benson and the Bensonville Manufacturing Company. After Benson's company went bankrupt in 1849, the village adopted the name Greenville after Greenville Manufacturing Company.

Paragraph 2: The genus Kinyang is defined by its broad and deep skull and superficially short rostrum as well as inflated premaxillae. Although the rostrum appears short on first glance, it is proportionally only little shorter than what is seen in the similarly sized Nile crocodiles. The shortened appearance is instead the result of the incredibly wide rostrum, which is broader than that of any modern crocodile. Kinyang shows a width to length ratio of 0.72 at the back of the skull and 0.53 at the level of the fifth maxillary tooth. Compared to this, Nile crocodiles show ratios of only 0.52 and 0.28 in these respective areas. The palatine process is unique among all crocodiles, its margins converging towards the front where the bone is flattened. Compared to modern crocodiles, Kinyang also has a much simpler occlusion of the teeth. Crocodylids have extensive occlusal pits located between the first and sixth maxillary tooth, but in Kinyang these pits can only be found between the six and eighth tooth of the maxilla. Such a pattern is typically observed in species transitioning from the ancestral overbite to an interlocking dentition pattern as seen in most modern taxa. With this, Kinyang is among the few known examples of a crocodylid returning from interlocking dentition to a partial overbite, another instance of this being found in the Australian mekosuchines. Overall, the number of maxillary teeth observed in the fossils ranges from twelve to thirteen teeth. Fewer than seen in modern crocodylids (fourteen), and more consistent with Voay and Osteolaemus. Although tooth count may vary in crocodylids, it is usually a minor difference of one tooth position less, not more. Additionally, in such instances, the difference is typically caused by the lack of a tooth in only one of the toothrows, making the tooth count asymmetrical. Due to this, Brochu and his team argue that despite ranging between twelve and thirteen teeth, Kinyang would not have had fourteen or more. The maxillary alveoli are generally larger and more tightly packed than in other crocodylids and especially Brochuchus, with its widely spaced small teeth. In both species, the quadratojugal extends far towards the rear end of the infratemporal fenestra, largely blocking the quadrate bone from contributing to its margin. This is a strange feature found across multiple not especially closely related crocodile species including the Paleoafrican species of Crocodylus, Crocodylus checchiai, Osteolaemus, the New Guinea crocodile and the Borneo crocodile. One feature that is unique to Kinyang is the fact that the lateral collateral ligament, located towards the back of the mandible, is additionally divided. What function this serves is however unclear.

Paragraph 3: The Florence area was known as "Broughton's Meadow" referring to John Broughton, an English settler who purchased land in 1657 that included what is now Northampton and Florence. Broughton's Meadow was used to describe the area until 1846. Other names included "Warner School District" after three brothers who had lived in the area during the early 19th century, and "The Community" referring to the Northampton Association of Education and Industry from 1842 through 1846. In 1848, the village took on the name Bensonville after George W. Benson and the Bensonville Manufacturing Company. After Benson's company went bankrupt in 1849, the village adopted the name Greenville after Greenville Manufacturing Company.

Paragraph 4: Up until the dawn of the Roman Empire, it was common for loans to be negotiated as oral contracts. In the early Empire, lenders and borrowers began to adopt the usage of a chirographum (“handwritten record”) to record these contracts and use them for evidence of the agreed terms. One copy of the contract was presented on the exterior of the chirographum, while a second copy was kept sealed within two waxed tablets of the document in the presence of a witness. Informal methods of maintaining records of loans made and received existed, as well as formal incarnations adopted by frequent lenders. These serial lenders used a kalendarium to document the loans that they issued to assist in tabulating interest accrued at the beginning of each month (Kalends). Parties to contracts were supposed to be Roman citizens, but there is evidence of this boundary being broken. Loans to citizens were also originated from public or governmental positions. For example, the Temple of Apollo is believed to have engaged in secured loans with citizens’ homes being used as collateral. Loans were more rarely extended to citizens from the government, as in the case of Tiberius who allowed for three-year, interest-free loans to be issued to senators in order to avert a looming credit crisis.

Paragraph 5: In an overall positive review, critic Janet Maslin spoke well of the actors, writing, "Notable in the large and excellent cast of Eight Men Out are D. B. Sweeney, who gives Shoeless Joe Jackson the slow, voluptuous Southern naivete of the young Elvis; Michael Lerner, who plays the formidable gangster Arnold Rothstein with the quietest aplomb; Gordon Clapp as the team's firecracker of a catcher; John Mahoney as the worried manager who senses much more about his players' plans than he would like to, and Michael Rooker as the quintessential bad apple. Charlie Sheen is also good as the team's most suggestible player, the good-natured fellow who isn't sure whether it's worse to be corrupt or be a fool. The story's delightfully colorful villains are played by Christopher Lloyd and Richard Edson (as the halfway-comic duo who make the first assault on the players), Michael Mantell as the chief gangster's extremely undependable right-hand man, and Kevin Tighe as the Bostonian smoothie who coolly declares: 'You know what you feed a dray horse in the morning if you want a day's work out of him? Just enough so he knows he's hungry.' For Mr. Sayles, whose idealism has never been more affecting or apparent than it is in this story of boyish enthusiasm gone bad in an all too grown-up world, Eight Men Out represents a home run."

Paragraph 6: Records of the 1952 trial state that following Sattler's installation as Belgrade's Gestapo chief, the population of Yugoslavia was subjected to merciless persecution and mass killings. Through his adept recruitment and control of a network of informants Sattler received details of the structural organisation and activities of all the resistance groups in the region. Through tapping various radio communications, as well as the transmissions of 12 underground radio stations across Serbia, he obtained critical reports which he used to plan and carry through savage reprisal measures against the resistance groups. The prime target of the network of agents and spies that Sattler ran were those identified as leaders in the resistance groups. This made it possible to "dig out" resistance leaders and arrest their family members at the same time. The number of antifascist resistance fighters arrested on Sattler's watch in Belgrade was given as around 3,000. If their interrogators were satisfied that they had nothing to do with resistance, detainees were quickly released. Others were detained in custody in the immediate term, and then either shipped to Germany as forced labourers or else held as hostages. Decisions in this respect were in effect in the hands of Sattler. They were signed off by his immediate boss, Dr. Schäfer, but Schäfer almost always followed Sattler's recommendations. When it came to those held back as hostages, initially these were shot dead in the ratio of 100 for every German soldier believed killed by resistance partisans. The ratio was later reduced to 20 hostages shot for every German soldier killed. The hostages selected for these killings were generally males aged between 20 and 50. These were transported by truck to the firing range and then shot in batches of ten, their bodies then buried close by. Shootings were carried out under the direct supervision of Dr. Schäfer by companies of ethnic German guards. This approach resulted in too many "failures", however, when too many of those tasked with shooting hostages "fell over because they could not bear to see the blood flowing". After this the shooting of hostages was entrusted to Chief Commissar Brandt and his deputy, a man called Everding, who had volunteered for the duty. Shootings of German soldiers by resistance activists were relatively infrequent. There were three reprisal shootings reported where the number of hostages killed was 100 and ten where the number of hostages killed was 20. The 1952 trial court was told that Sattler did not himself participate in any of these hostage shootings. He saw his own role as an administrative one.

Paragraph 7: In June 1997, during excavation work for a new barn west of Breitenheim, there was an utterly unexpected discovery when some foundation remnants of an obviously very old building were unearthed. Thanks to builder Wolff's thoughtfulness and interest in history, knowledge of this find reached the state archaeologists in Mainz who were responsible for such things by way of Karen Groß of the Meisenheim Historical Club. During a promptly undertaken survey of the village, the ruin was recognized as Roman and it was decided to undertake an immediate dig. This was, however, only possible with the family Wolff's and Mrs. Groß's courtesy and support once again. Over a fortnight, a team from the Archäologische Landesdenkmalpflege (State Archaeological Monument Care), Mainz office, sometimes thwarted by rain, dug the building's remnants up. Under local excavation engineer Klaus Soukop's leadership, six young men, most doing alternative civilian service but one a “freelancer”, pealed back the layers of earth to bring the old foundations to light. A whole variety of equipment was deployed, everything from a compact excavator to a trowel. The goal was to make every trace of the building visible to learn as much as could be learnt about its size, possible conversions, the rooms’ functions and the building technique. In the next step of the work, the whole site was photographed, drawn to scale and described – requirements for scientific analysis. After one week came the careful burial work – the site was not left exposed – so that as planned, the barn could be built. In the coming years – with the family Wolff's permission – the further parts of the building are to be unearthed, which will make Breitenheim the only place within a great distance to have the footprint of a Roman villa rustica that has been so completely excavated. Hitherto, only a few carved stones with ornamental and figural decoration, set into the walls at Breitenheim's church, had made it clear that what is now Breitenheim was settled even as far back as Roman times. As parts of old tombs, these stones also indirectly bear witness to a villa rustica. In 1997, this was finally found, between the Jeckenbach and the Bollerbübchen. A Roman villa rustica – Latin for “country estate”  – was made up of a main building, which was the dwelling, and several outbuildings, namely a barn, a stable, a shed, servants’ quarters and so on. Such estates are known to have lain within very nearly every municipality in the district of Bad Kreuznach and neighbouring regions. Back in Roman times, villages, as the word is understood now, did not yet exist. Beginning in the 1st century AD, sometimes together with native Celtic timber-frame buildings, these country estates characterized the land for four centuries. Agricultural goods were produced here not only for the occupants’ own needs, but also for the main towns in the region, towns now called Bad Kreuznach, Alzey, Bingen, Mainz, Worms and Trier, among others. Rising from stone foundations were plastered stone and timber-frame buildings with several floors, tiled roofs and glazed windows. Inside were frescoed floors, sometimes mosaics, a hypocaust, painted walls and wooden-beam or vaulted ceilings, sometimes stuccoed. Lockable wooden doors inside and leading outside afforded access to the rooms and joined them together. The façade was often impressively shaped with a colonnade over the entrance. A heated bathing facility was part of a villa rustica's basic appointments as surely as running water from the nearest spring. Removed somewhat from the main building but still within sight lay the private graveyard with gravestones or even optically pleasing grave monuments. The villa rustica was always linked to the well developed road network, and the next villa rustica along the road often lay only about a kilometre away. Discharged soldiers lived here, but mainly it was the newly wealthy native Celtic populace, who gladly adopted the Roman way of life and the things that Roman civilization had to offer. By the 4th century, though, or at the latest the 5th, this era of high living ended, and the Middle Ages announced their onset with the waves of migration that involved so much of Europe. The local area was then characterized more by Germanic peoples such as the Alemanni and the Franks.

Paragraph 8: From 1918 to 1919, two magazines Fujin Koron (Women's forum) and Taiyou (The Sun) hosted a controversial debate over maternity protection. In addition to Kikue, who changed her family name to Yamakawa after her marriage, famous Japanese feminists, such as Yosano Akiko, Hiratsuka Raicho, and Yamada Waka, took part in the debate. The debates had broadly two standpoints. On the one hand, Yosano argued that the liberation of women required the economic independence of women. On the other hand, Hiratsuka argued that it was impossible or difficult to do both work and parenting. Hiratsuka also viewed women's childbirth and parenting as a national and social project, and thus argued that women deserved the protection of motherhood by the government. They had different opinions in terms of whether women can do both work and family-life, and their arguments did not overlap at all. In order to organize these argument Yamakawa Kikue named Yosano "Japanese Mary Wollstonecraft" and Hiratsuka "Japanese Ellen Key." As with the argument of Yosano, Yamakawa said, "Yosano emphasizes women's individualism. She started by demanding freedom of education, an expansion of the selection of work, and financial independence and eventually demanded suffrage.″ Yamakawa partly agreed with Yosano but criticized her opinion for thinking only about the female bourgeois. Moreover, Yamakawa disagreed with Yosano that the protection of motherhood by the nation was a shame because it was the same as the government's care of the elderly and the disabled. In this respect, Yamakawa said that Yosano's view was biased on a class society because Yosano only criticized old and disabled people depending on the public assistance while she did not mention soldiers and public servants who also depended on the assistance in the same way. For Hiratsuka's opinion, Yamakawa argued that it was more advanced than that of Yosano in that it took a more critical attitude towards capitalism. However, Yamakawa criticized Hiratsuka for too much emphasis on motherhood. Yamakawa said that Hiratsuka viewed women's ultimate goal as childbirth and parenting, and that it led women to obey male-centered society's idea that women should sacrifice their work in compensation for completing the ultimate goal. Yamakawa summarized these arguments and argued that financial independence and protection of motherhood were compatible and natural demands of women. As a social feminist, Yamakawa argued that female workers should play an active role in winning both economic equality and the protection of motherhood, and that the liberation of women required the reform of capitalist society which exploited workers. Moreover, Yamakawa Kikue made an objection to present society which left household labor unpaid work. Furthermore, Yamakawa was distinct from Yosano and Hiratsuka in that she mentioned welfare for the elderly as rights.

Paragraph 9: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 10: Naronic had no wireless telegraph with which to send a distress call (it would be another five years before the Marconi Company opened their factory that produced the system the  used to send her distress signals), so whatever problem she encountered, her crew was on their own. In the event of damage or shipwreck in the open sea, they could only count on luck, that is to say, the passage of a nearby ship. The crossing of Naronic was supposed to last ten days, and no one was worried immediately, especially since delays were frequent. It was common for ships to lose a propeller or their machinery to break down. What was more, the strong storms which raged in February 1893 slowed down several ships. It took several weeks for the concern to begin to emerge in the US, but the White Star Line was then reassuring, recalling the high quality of the ship. On 1 March, the company said there was no cause for concern. A week later, a journalist reported new comments from the company: “They think she's afloat and have every reason to hope she's safe. They stress that the ship is recent, built with watertight compartments, well equipped, handled and commanded by the best officers in the Atlantic”. It was not until the following 13 March that the company declared: "There is now great concern about the ship".

Paragraph 11: When the monsoon season passed and Oskar was back on the water, he reached Chennai where he got a new kayak. He then continued to travel along the coast of India until he reached Kolkata in January 1936. A few months later, just off the Burmese coast, Oskar happened to kayak through another monsoon. He would be driven off course, and he would spend 30–40 hours paddling to get himself back on route. As Oskar left Singapore on another new kayak, he headed to Jakarta, from which he continued to paddle east. However, he was often dehydrated, exhausted and sunburnt and unable to find a food supply. During this stage in his voyage, Oskar was also stricken down with malaria again, as a result the voyage was again interrupted. During this period, locals who were initially welcoming of Oskar, would turn hostile due to the language barrier between the German migrant and the locals. An incident occurred in Indonesia where he was beaten by 20 men leaving him semi-conscious with a punctured eardrum. Oskar managed to escape by chewing through the ropes he was tied with before sailing away in his kayak. Oskars recount on this incident as documented in the Australasian Post Magazine:"The other natives closed in. Five or six of them held me down, half in and half out of the kayak. They all clung to me like leeches. Strong hands clutched my hair. With the strength of despair I tore one hand free from them and strove to pull the hands from my throat... With strips of dried buffalo hide some of them tied my legs and hands, while others looted the kayak. By the hair, they dragged my trussed body some yards across the sand. They constantly kicked me. They picked me up, carried me a short distance, then dropped me a few yards from the water."Back out at sea, he was not permitted to travel a shorter route, but rather a longer via the north of New Guinea. Oskar reached Port Moresby in August, before continuing down to the Saibai Island in the far north of Australia, in September 1939. The voyage took Oskar seven years and four months. Upon arrival, a group of locals welcomed Oskar, but he was arrested by three police officers among the locals and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp due to his German background. The three officers welcoming and congratulating Oskar as documented as in the Australasian Post Magazine: “Well done, feller... You’ve made it — Germany to Australia in that. But now we’ve got a piece of bad news for you. You are an enemy alien. We are going to intern you.”

Paragraph 12: Records of the 1952 trial state that following Sattler's installation as Belgrade's Gestapo chief, the population of Yugoslavia was subjected to merciless persecution and mass killings. Through his adept recruitment and control of a network of informants Sattler received details of the structural organisation and activities of all the resistance groups in the region. Through tapping various radio communications, as well as the transmissions of 12 underground radio stations across Serbia, he obtained critical reports which he used to plan and carry through savage reprisal measures against the resistance groups. The prime target of the network of agents and spies that Sattler ran were those identified as leaders in the resistance groups. This made it possible to "dig out" resistance leaders and arrest their family members at the same time. The number of antifascist resistance fighters arrested on Sattler's watch in Belgrade was given as around 3,000. If their interrogators were satisfied that they had nothing to do with resistance, detainees were quickly released. Others were detained in custody in the immediate term, and then either shipped to Germany as forced labourers or else held as hostages. Decisions in this respect were in effect in the hands of Sattler. They were signed off by his immediate boss, Dr. Schäfer, but Schäfer almost always followed Sattler's recommendations. When it came to those held back as hostages, initially these were shot dead in the ratio of 100 for every German soldier believed killed by resistance partisans. The ratio was later reduced to 20 hostages shot for every German soldier killed. The hostages selected for these killings were generally males aged between 20 and 50. These were transported by truck to the firing range and then shot in batches of ten, their bodies then buried close by. Shootings were carried out under the direct supervision of Dr. Schäfer by companies of ethnic German guards. This approach resulted in too many "failures", however, when too many of those tasked with shooting hostages "fell over because they could not bear to see the blood flowing". After this the shooting of hostages was entrusted to Chief Commissar Brandt and his deputy, a man called Everding, who had volunteered for the duty. Shootings of German soldiers by resistance activists were relatively infrequent. There were three reprisal shootings reported where the number of hostages killed was 100 and ten where the number of hostages killed was 20. The 1952 trial court was told that Sattler did not himself participate in any of these hostage shootings. He saw his own role as an administrative one.

Paragraph 13: The Court observed that the line between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge is not always clear.  "Pure scientific theory itself may depend for its development upon observation and properly engineered machinery.  And conceptual efforts to distinguish the two are unlikely to produce clear legal lines capable of application in particular cases."  If the line between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge was not clear, then it would be difficult for federal trial judges to determine when they were to perform Daubert'''s gatekeeping function and when to apply some other threshold test the Court might craft for applying Rule 702.  Furthermore, the Court saw no "convincing need" to draw a distinction between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge, because both kinds of knowledge would typically be outside the grasp of the average juror.  Accordingly, the Court held that the gatekeeping function described in Daubert applied to all expert testimony proffered under Rule 702.Daubert had mentioned four factors that district courts could take into account in making the gatekeeping assessment—whether a theory has been tested, whether an idea has been subjected to scientific peer review or published in scientific journals, the rate of error involved in the technique, and even general acceptance, in the right case.  In the context of other kinds of expert knowledge, the Court conceded, other factors might be relevant, and so it allowed district judges to take other factors into account when performing the gatekeeping function contemplated by Daubert.  These additional factors would, of course, depend on the particular kind of expert testimony involved in a particular case.  Equally as important, because federal appeals courts review the evidentiary rulings of district courts for abuse of discretion, the Court reiterated that district courts have a certain latitude to determine how they will assess the reliability of expert testimony as a subsidiary component of the decision to admit the evidence at all.

Paragraph 14: Mayer's work first caught public attention with her exhibit Memory, a multimedia work that challenged ideas of narrative and autobiography in conceptual art and created an immersive poetic environment. During July 1971, Mayer photographed one roll of film each day, resulting in a total of 1200 photographs. Mayer then recorded a 31-part narration as she remembered the context of each image, using them as "taking-off points for digression" and to "[fill] in the spaces between." In the first full-showing of the exhibit at the 98 Greene Street Loft, the photographs were installed on boards in sequential rows as Mayer's seven-hour audio track played a single time between the gallery's open and close. Memory asked its observer to be a critical student of the work, as one would with any poetic text, while putting herself into the position of the artist. An early version of Memory, remembering, toured seven locations in the U.S. and Europe from 1973 to 1974 as part of Lucy R. Lippard's female-centric conceptual art show, "c. 7,500". Memory's audio narration was later edited and turned into a book published by North Atlantic Books in 1976.  Memory served as the jumping off point for Mayer's next book, a 3-year experiment in stream-of-conscious journal writing Studying Hunger (Adventures in Poetry, 1976), and these diaristic impulses would continue to be a significant part of Mayer's writing practice over the next few decades.

Paragraph 15: Despite all these setbacks for the CUP and Young Turks, the committee was effectively revived under a new cadre by 1907. In September 1906, the Ottoman Freedom Committee (OFC) was formed as another secret Young Turk organization based inside the Ottoman Empire in Salonica (modern Thessaloniki). The founders of the OFC were Mehmet Talât, regional director of Post and Telegraph services in Salonica; Dr. Midhat Şükrü (Bleda), director of a municipal hospital, Mustafa Rahmi (Arslan), a merchant from the well known Evranoszade family, and first lieutenants İsmail Canbulat and Ömer Naci. Most of the OFC founders also joined the Salonica Freemason lodge Macedonia Risorta, as Freemason lodges proved to be safe havens from the secret police of Yıldız Palace. Initially the membership of the OFC was only accessible for Muslims, mostly Albanians and Turks, with some Kurds and Arabs also becoming members, but neither Greeks nor Serbs or Bulgarians were ever accepted or approached. Its first seventy members were exclusively Muslims. Army officers İsmail Enver and Kazım Karabekir would found the Monastir (modern Bitola) branch of the OFC, which turned out to be a potent source of recruits for the organization. Unlike the mostly bureaucrat recruits of the Salonica OFC branch, OFC Recruits from Monastir were officers of the Third Army. The Third Army was engaging Greek, Bulgarian, and Serbian insurgent groups in the countryside in what was known as the Macedonian conflict, and its officers believed the state needed drastic reform in order to bring peace to the region that was in seemingly perpetual ethnic conflict. This made joining imperially biased revolutionary secret societies especially appealing to them. This widespread sentiment led the senior officers to turn a blind eye to the fact that many of their junior officers had joined secret societies. Under Talât's initiative, the OFC connected and then merged with Rıza's Paris-based CUP in September 1907, and the group became the internal center of the CUP in the Ottoman Empire. Talât became secretary-general of the internal CUP, while Bahattin Şakir became secretary general of the external CUP. After the Young Turk Revolution, the more revolutionary internal CUP cadre consisting of Talât, Şakir, Dr. Mehmet Nazım, Enver, Ahmed Cemal, Midhat Şükrü, and Mehmed Cavid supplanted Rıza's leadership of the exiled Old Unionists. For now this merger transformed the committee from an intellectual opposition group into a secret revolutionary organization.Intending to emulate other revolutionary nationalist organisations like the Bulgarian Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation and the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, an extensive cell based organisation was constructed. The CUP's modus operandi was komitecilik, or rule by revolutionary conspiracy. Joining the revolutionary committee was by invitation only, and those who did join had to keep their membership secret. Recruits would undergo an initiation ceremony, where they swore a sacred oath with the Quran (or Bible or Torah if they were Christian or Jewish) in the right hand and a sword, dagger, or revolver in the left hand. They swore to unconditionally obey all orders from the Central Committee; to never reveal the CUP's secrets and to keep their own membership secret; to be willing to die for the fatherland and Islam at all times; and to follow orders from the Central Committee to kill anyone whom the Central Committee wanted to see killed, including one's own friends and family. The penalty for disobeying orders from the Central Committee or attempting to leave the CUP was death. To enforce its policy, the Unionists had a select group of especially devoted party members known as fedâi, whose job was to assassinate those CUP members who disobeyed orders, disclosed its secrets, or were suspected of being police informers. The CUP professed to be fighting for the restoration of the Constitution, but its internal organisation and methods were intensely authoritarian, with its cadres expected to strictly follow orders from the "Sacred Committee".

Paragraph 16: Sited opposite the Railway Station and Stationmasters House (1886) and the Hotel (1888), Claremont Post Office defines the end of Bay View Terrace and creates a gateway to the main shopping precinct of Claremont. Claremont Post Office is a single storey building, in the Federation Romanesque style and features a large semi-circular window which addresses the western facade and a curved porch which addresses the corner. It was originally constructed in a domestic version of the Federation Romanesque style exhibiting a simple massing, shingled roof, square routed verandah posts, irregular roof form, projecting gable and rusticated stone work. The form was asymmetrical with an entrance porch on the Northern side of a large semi-circular window and a return verandah leading away from the southern side. Above the porch was a sign at roof level with the words 'Post Office'. In 1914, alterations to the building, under the direction of Hillson Beasley, removed the north-west porch and replaced it with a curved porch, which addressed the corner of Gugeri Street and Bay View Terrace and echoed the lines of the semi-circular window, thus increasing the sculptural quality of the facade. Above the semi-circular window a small pediment was added with the words 'Post Office' incorporated and a small porch, in rusticated stonework, added to the southern side. The roof line was also altered at this time by increasing the roof height and forming a prominent ridge line, incorporating ventilation and creating a gambrel effect. The original shingles were replaced by Marseilles tiles with decorative finials and ridge decorations emphasising the new lines. Claremont Post Office incorporated the Postmaster's residential quarters with the Post and Telegraphic Office. The quarters were accessible both from the main rooms of the post office and the rear of the building, via separate entrance on the eastern elevation. This entrance way has a rusticated entrance arch, creating a shallow porch and is flanked by windows on either side. Both these windows are rusticated on the eastern facade, which creates, in combination with the recessed doorway, a pleasantly sculptural quality to that which is effectively a rear entrance. In the 1950s the open verandah on the northern elevation facing Gugeri Street, was modified with brick wall, timber windows and a tiled skillion roof. This area is now used as a store and for bikes. According to photographs, the stonework was painted, prior to 1972, but the strong form of the limestone facades and the terracotta tiled roof have survived.

Paragraph 17: Uchee Creek begins at its source, which is just north of Harlem. This point is located between Fairview Drive and U.S. Route 221 and Georgia State Route 47 (US 221/SR 47; Appling–Harlem Road). The stream flows to the southeast and goes underneath of US 221/SR 47 and immediately afterward goes underneath Robert Moore Road. It winds its way to the east and resumes its southeasterly course, where it flows underneath of Harlem–Grovetown Road. It then bends to an east-southeasterly direction. It curves to the east-northeast and meets the mouth of Spirit Creek. Uchee Creek flows to the northeast, between Rockford Drive and Carlene Drive. It heads back to the east-northeast and goes underneath of Old Louisville Road. After meeting the mouth of Horn Creek, it flows to the north and then back to the northeast. Northwest of Wells Lake, it twists to the north. It curves back to the north-northeast. Upon flowing underneath Harlem–Grovetown Road for a second time, it enters the city limits of Grovetown and begins to traverse the western edge of Grovetown Trails at Euchee Creek, a future portion of the Euchee Creek Greenway. It enters the trails property and flows underneath the northernmost trail at two different locations. It bends to the north-northwest and goes under this trail before leaving the property. It flows just west of the property and meets the mouth of Broad Branch. Here, it begins flowing back to the northeast. Upon going underneath of SR 223 (Wrightsboro Road), it leaves Grovetown and the trail property. Uchee Creek then flows to the north-northeast and travels underneath of Canterbury Farms Parkway and part of the Euchee Creek Greenway in two places. It heads to the north and flows under the Greenway again. Almost immediately, it flows underneath Interstate 20 (I-20; Carl Sanders Highway). After going under William Few Parkway, it heads back to the north-northeast and then meets the mouth of Mill Branch. The stream flows under SR 232 (Columbia Road). It then travels through the Bartram Trail Golf Club. It then twists back to the northeast. Upon meeting the mouth of Tudor Branch, it bends back to the north-northeast. It then flows just to the west of Blanchard Woods Park and changes direction back to the north-northwest. It then flows under SR 104 (Washington Road) on the G.B. "Dip" Lamkin Bridge. The stream begins to bend back to the north-northeast. Immediately after meeting the mouth of Long Branch, it flows under William Few Parkway for a second time. It widens out briefly before narrowing just before its mouth, at the Little River.

Paragraph 18: The village of Thallichtenberg might have been founded only once the castle was built in the early 13th century. Thallichtenberg, and also a number of villages that have since vanished, only appear in documents dating from after the castle's completion. It would therefore seem that a number of places sprang up in the area around Lichtenberg Castle, of which Thallichtenberg is the only one that still exists. The village of Ruthweiler at the foot of the castle, though, was likely already standing at the time when work on the castle began. At the first documentary mention of Lichtenberg as Castrum Lichtenberg in 1214, only Lichtenberg Castle is mentioned, and no village named Lichtenberg. When the Counts of Veldenz were given their jobs as Vögte  over the so-called Remigiusland as far back as the early 12th century, they began, unlawfully, to build a castle in this domain that belonged to the Abbey of Saint-Remi in Reims, against which misdeed the abbot fought back by registering a protest with Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II. The actual protest document is lost to history; however, a text of the Emperor's ruling on the matter, handed down in Basel in 1214, has survived. In part, this reads: “… quod nos auctoritate regia castrum Lichtenberg, quod comes de Veldenzen in allodio Sancti Remigii Remensis, … violenter et iniuxte construxit, juste destruere debeamus.” (“By our kingly authority, we are forced to lawfully tear down Castle Lichtenberg, which the Count of Veldenz has forcibly and wrongfully built on Saint Remigius’s property.”). The Count of Veldenz in this case was Gerlach IV, and he did not bow to the Emperor's ruling, and hence, the castle remained standing. Lichtenberg Castle is actually made up of two castles, the Oberburg (“Upper Castle”) and the Unterburg (“Lower Castle”). The Upper Castle with its three palatial halls and tall keep was reserved as the lordly living quarters, while the Lower Castle was where the Burgmannen and their families lived. Only later were other buildings built between the two castles, thus making the two separate complexes into one. The Counts of Veldenz (1112-1444), as lords of the castle, actually lived in Meisenheim, but they presented their claim to power in the mighty castle complex. The castle was even then held to be the administrative seat of the Amt of Lichtenberg. The most important mediaeval Burgmannen at Lichtenberg Castle were the family Blicke von Lichtenberg (1343-1788), the family Gauer (1285-1450), the family Sötern (1376-1483), the family Ballwein (1402-1677), the family Genge (1328-1356), the family Finchel (1300-1374), the family Winterbecher (1409-1446) and the family Raubesak (1270-~1400). In 1444, the County of Veldenz met its end when Count Friedrich III of Veldenz died without a male heir. His daughter Anna wed King Ruprecht's son Count Palatine Stephan. By uniting his own Palatine holdings with the now otherwise heirless County of Veldenz – his wife had inherited the county, but not her father's title – and by redeeming the hitherto pledged County of Zweibrücken, Stephan founded a new County Palatine, as whose comital residence he chose the town of Zweibrücken: the County Palatine – later Duchy – of Palatinate-Zweibrücken. From 1444 on, Frutzweiler thus lay in the Duchy of Palatinate-Zweibrücken.

Paragraph 19: Earlier and twentieth century conservative Protestants favoured Ben Chayyim's Masoretic texts, affirming the consonantal text with vowel points, and the Byzantine Majority Text: singularly, the Received Text. Particular and ordinary providence have been cited in support of the traditional texts of the Old and New Testaments. Providential preservation extending to the ecclesiastical copyists and scribes of the continuous centuries since the first century AD, to the Jewish scribe-scholars (including the Levites and later, the Qumranites and Masoretes), and to the orthodox and catholic scholars of the Renaissance and Reformation. This has been called a "high view" of preservation. The degree of ascription of textual purity to the (traditional) Vulgate and Eastern Orthodox liturgical tradition, is often a determining factor in the acceptance of some Byzantine-attested Received readings and early modern (English) Bible verses. William Fulke's parallel Bible (1611 KJV-Douay Rheims) showed great similarities and minor differences, and Benno A. Zuiddam's work on the Nova Vulgata shows the vast verbatim agreement between the TR and the (Clementine) Vulgate. Robert Adam Boyd Received Text edition (The Greek Textus Receptus New Testament with manuscript annotations) shows the most common TR readings for the major TR editions. These variant TR readings are used by some scholars to evaluate the Authorised Version. The published notes of the King James translators, shown in Norton's New Cambridge Bible margin, indicate where they chose one TR reading over another. Rev. Jeffrey Riddle has identified three groups within contemporary traditional text advocacy, and distinguished between his traditional text advocacy and certain negative forms of "KJV-Onlyism" (e.g. "The Inspired KJV Group" and "The KJV As New Revelation"). Some defend the Complutensian New Testament, a likely influence on Erasmus and Stephanus et al, and the Greek Vatican manuscripts possessed by those editors; referencing John Mill's testimony that the Complutensian editors followed "one most ancient and correct [Vatican MSS] copy," Richard Smalbroke and other Puritans defended Byzantine 'minority readings' in the TR, including 1 John 5.7-8. The identity of the Greek manuscripts used in the Complutensian New Testament are not known, nor all of the manuscripts of Erasmus and Stephanus. 

Paragraph 20: T S Ramalingam Pillai(known as "Judge Pillai" and by his elders as Sethu/ Ramaiah) named after his maternal grandfather, studied High School at P.S. High School, Mylapore (commuting by walk from his father's official residence at Alwarpet. Bemused relatives had observed that young Ramalingam Pillai preferred a spot near the staircase where he used to pore over his books for hours together and dozed off on the floor with just a sheet beneath), B.A. English Literature at St John's College, Palayamkottai (like his maternal uncle, he was also creatively inclined and staged Shakespeare's plays including Macbeth along with his beloved friend Thiru Vannamuthu), M. A. English Literature (Hons.) at Madras Christian College (where the acclaimed Dr Alexander Boyd and Mr J.R. Macphail, who taught him were so impressed with him, that they gave him a commendation certificate for his extraordinary knowledge of English Literature and his exemplary conduct) and Law at Trivandrum Law College. He passed the ICS (Indian Civil Services) examination and was provisionally ranked 3, but due to his handwriting could not make it to the selection list (comprising 12 recruits, he was ranked 13th). Thereafter, he began practicing law in Tirunelveli and slowly earned the appreciation of all the judges. But progress in the profession was slow and arduous. Further, WW II put a spoke to his career aspirations. Finally in 1944, he got selected as a District Munsif, through the Service Commission and got posted to Manjeri, now in Kerala. He went on to become a District and Sessions Judge and in 1967 was appointed as the Law Secretary to the Government of Tamil Nadu (Additional Chief Secretary cadre). He served as the Law Secretary to 3 Chief Ministers from 1967 to 1969. Post-retirement, he was appointed as a Member of the Pay Commission, by the Government of Tamil Nadu and then as a Member of the Official Languages Commission, New Delhi, by the Government of India. A self made man, a brilliant student - extremely intelligent and hardworking (on several occasions, while at school, due to power outage he is said to have studied under street lights) he was proficient in both Tamil (including the Saiva Siddhantha) and English Literature and has translated the Thirukural in English verse form (a labour of love for many years and type written by him on his personal typewriter), published in 1987 through the South Indian Saiva Siddhantha Kazhagam and the book release was made by Thiru V O C Subramanian (son of "Kappal Ottiya Thamizhan" Thiru V O Chidambaram Pillai and one tIndia's greatest freedom fighters, the function was attended by his dear and near ones. A keen listener, he seldom spoke and when he did, it was never about himself. Extremely unassuming, down to earth and guileless, he possessed limitless patience and tolerance and was never heard getting upset or complaining about anything or critical of anybody in life (despite suffering personal tragedies and innumerable privations throughout - he lost his sickly mother when he was very young and it seems the only time he saw his parents together was at his mother's death bed).  Being full of kindness and empathy, he was always ready to help  without the least expectation - a genial and gentle soul. Darwin's "Adapt or..." was practised by him with right earnestness and like the "Boy on the ...deck" (Casabianca), he cherished  the foremost value contained therein. It appears that from childhood he was moulding his mind and developed an attitude of "never minding" the vicissitudes faced by him.

Paragraph 21: The next day, the driver of the jeep reaches a nearby garage in a two-wheeler and picks up the mechanic to the jeep. On querying, the mechanic was told that toys were present in the jeep. The mechanic finds fault with the diesel pipe of the jeep. The driver goes in the two wheeler to get a new diesel pipe. During the course of time, the mechanic smells something fishy, when he notices the parts of broken indicator light of the two wheeler lying on the ground. He also finds that the registration number of the jeep was actually a fake one stickered on the numbered plate. When he enquires to the assistant, the assistant gets arrogant asking him to mind his own business. When the assistant moves into a short sleep, the mechanic checks the load within the jeep and finds swords and similar weapons concealed within vegetable boxes. On seeing this the assistant gets angry and he beats the mechanic. While the driver returns with a newly bought diesel pipe, the mechanic refuses to repair the jeep, and asks for the person who came in the two wheeler. The driver shows him with mouth and hands tied, hidden in a nearby area. The two wheeler guy pleads to free him as it is a borrowed bike, and his marriage is approaching and that he has to invite a few relatives that day. The driver tells that once the jeep gets repaired, they all can go. However the mechanic stays still. The assistant gets angry with mechanic as he stays stubborn without repairing the jeep, and hits him again. While they hear the sound of another two wheeler approaching, they hide the mechanic and two wheeler guy and somehow manages to handle the situation without any problem and sends them off. The driver asks the two wheeler guy to do something so that the mechanic repairs the jeep and that they all can leave. However the mechanic stays still, to which the driver gets annoyed and hits the mechanic. Ultimately the driver and assistant flee the scene in the two wheeler. The assistant guy of the mechanic arrives there with the lunch in a bicycle and he sets the two wheeler guy free. The mechanic then flattens the jeep tyres and they leave the scene, taking the two wheeler guy pledging to leave him at the nearest junction where he can get some form of vehicle.

Paragraph 22: In the beginning of 1989, Cooper was promoted to Minister for Police, another challenging portfolio that had been at the heart of the turmoil associated with the Fitzgerald Inquiry.  The report was particularly damaging, since the Nationals faced a statutory general election later that year.  A Newspoll released after the inquiry came out showed the Nationals at only 22 percent—the lowest result ever recorded at the time for a state government in Australia.  Moving Cooper to the Police Ministry was seen as an attempt by Ahern to remove the stigma of Fitzgerald from the area. The effect, however, was to raise Cooper's personal profile among Nationals supporters disaffected with Ahern.  Polls showing Labor having its best chance in years to win government; indeed, if the result of the Newspoll were to be repeated at the election, the Nationals would have been swept out in a massive landslide. Cooper was promoted as an alternative leader to Ahern.  In particular, it was thought he could shore up the National Party's vote in its conservative rural heartland. Portraying himself as a strong leader who was closer to the Bjelke-Petersen mould, Cooper launched a leadership challenge and toppled Ahern as party leader on 25 September.  He was sworn in as premier later that day.

Paragraph 23: Marine Fighter Squadron 223 (VMF-223) was commissioned on May 1, 1942 at Marine Corps Air Station Ewa, Oahu, Hawaii. The "Bulldogs" first operational aircraft was the Brewster F2A Buffalo.  They left Hawaii for combat equipped with the Grumman F4F Wildcat.  VMA-223 became the first fighter squadron committed to combat during the Battle of Guadalcanal when they landed at Henderson Field on August 20, 1942. Upon arriving, the squadron became part of the Cactus Air Force and for the next two months slugged it out with Japanese pilots, based out of Rabaul, for control of the skies over Guadalcanal.  VMF-223 left the island on October 16, 1942 having accounted for 110½ enemy aircraft shot down including that of Japanese ace Junichi Sasai.  The two leading aces in the squadron  were the commanding officer, Major John L. Smith, with nineteen confirmed shoot downs and Marion E. Carl who was credited with sixteen. Smith was to be awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism and Captain Carl would win the first of his two Navy Crosses for these actions.  These victories would come at the cost of six pilots killed and six wounded, and only eight Wildcats still operational.

Paragraph 24: The next day, the driver of the jeep reaches a nearby garage in a two-wheeler and picks up the mechanic to the jeep. On querying, the mechanic was told that toys were present in the jeep. The mechanic finds fault with the diesel pipe of the jeep. The driver goes in the two wheeler to get a new diesel pipe. During the course of time, the mechanic smells something fishy, when he notices the parts of broken indicator light of the two wheeler lying on the ground. He also finds that the registration number of the jeep was actually a fake one stickered on the numbered plate. When he enquires to the assistant, the assistant gets arrogant asking him to mind his own business. When the assistant moves into a short sleep, the mechanic checks the load within the jeep and finds swords and similar weapons concealed within vegetable boxes. On seeing this the assistant gets angry and he beats the mechanic. While the driver returns with a newly bought diesel pipe, the mechanic refuses to repair the jeep, and asks for the person who came in the two wheeler. The driver shows him with mouth and hands tied, hidden in a nearby area. The two wheeler guy pleads to free him as it is a borrowed bike, and his marriage is approaching and that he has to invite a few relatives that day. The driver tells that once the jeep gets repaired, they all can go. However the mechanic stays still. The assistant gets angry with mechanic as he stays stubborn without repairing the jeep, and hits him again. While they hear the sound of another two wheeler approaching, they hide the mechanic and two wheeler guy and somehow manages to handle the situation without any problem and sends them off. The driver asks the two wheeler guy to do something so that the mechanic repairs the jeep and that they all can leave. However the mechanic stays still, to which the driver gets annoyed and hits the mechanic. Ultimately the driver and assistant flee the scene in the two wheeler. The assistant guy of the mechanic arrives there with the lunch in a bicycle and he sets the two wheeler guy free. The mechanic then flattens the jeep tyres and they leave the scene, taking the two wheeler guy pledging to leave him at the nearest junction where he can get some form of vehicle.

Paragraph 25: As the dialogue-integrated "tutorial" in the first Ace Attorney was well received, the inclusion of one in Justice for All was considered a "major point". While the first game's tutorial involved Phoenix being helped through his first trial by his mentor Mia and the judge, this could not be used twice, which led to the idea of giving Phoenix a temporary amnesia from a blow to the head. Takumi included a circus and magic in the game's third episode; he really wanted to do this, as performing magic was a hobby of his. The episode includes two themes that he wanted to explore: the difficulties in forming a cohesive team with different people, and a person who against the odds tries to make something whole. The former was reflected in how the circus members come together at the end, while the latter was reflected in the character Moe. Several different versions of the fourth episode were created, partially because of them running out of memory on the game's cartridge, but also because of the popularity of the character of Miles Edgeworth: Takumi had originally planned to let Edgeworth be the prosecutor in all episodes, but when they were in full production the development team learned that the character had become popular, which led to Takumi feeling that he had to use the character more carefully and sparingly. Because of this, he created the character Franziska von Karma, to save Edgeworth for the game's last case, and avoid a situation where he – a supposed prodigy – loses every case. The character Pearl Fey was originally intended to be a rival character around the same age as Maya, only appearing in the game's second episode; one of the game's designers suggested that it would be more dramatic if she were much younger, so Takumi wrote her as an eight-year-old. As he ended up liking her, he included her in other episodes as well.

Paragraph 26: The Court observed that the line between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge is not always clear.  "Pure scientific theory itself may depend for its development upon observation and properly engineered machinery.  And conceptual efforts to distinguish the two are unlikely to produce clear legal lines capable of application in particular cases."  If the line between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge was not clear, then it would be difficult for federal trial judges to determine when they were to perform Daubert'''s gatekeeping function and when to apply some other threshold test the Court might craft for applying Rule 702.  Furthermore, the Court saw no "convincing need" to draw a distinction between "scientific" and "technical" knowledge, because both kinds of knowledge would typically be outside the grasp of the average juror.  Accordingly, the Court held that the gatekeeping function described in Daubert applied to all expert testimony proffered under Rule 702.Daubert had mentioned four factors that district courts could take into account in making the gatekeeping assessment—whether a theory has been tested, whether an idea has been subjected to scientific peer review or published in scientific journals, the rate of error involved in the technique, and even general acceptance, in the right case.  In the context of other kinds of expert knowledge, the Court conceded, other factors might be relevant, and so it allowed district judges to take other factors into account when performing the gatekeeping function contemplated by Daubert.  These additional factors would, of course, depend on the particular kind of expert testimony involved in a particular case.  Equally as important, because federal appeals courts review the evidentiary rulings of district courts for abuse of discretion, the Court reiterated that district courts have a certain latitude to determine how they will assess the reliability of expert testimony as a subsidiary component of the decision to admit the evidence at all.

Paragraph 27: "Calling You" remained the group's largest mainstream success until their 2006 single "Hate Me". The band made their network television premiere on April 14, 2006, performing "Hate Me", the first single from Foiled, on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. They appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on June 28, 2006. Blue October was also on Late Night with Conan O'Brien in 2006. On November 14, 2006 Blue October opened for the Rolling Stones in Boise, Idaho. "Hate Me" was released to Modern Rock radio stations and quickly climbed to number two on Billboards Modern Rock Tracks chart. "Hate Me" remained in the top five of the Modern Rock chart for 20 straight weeks. While in the number two chart position "Hate Me" was jumped over twice by both Pearl Jam and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.  "Hate Me" would never reach number one. The music video for "Hate Me" debuted on VH1, later making a splash at No. 13 on VH1's user-controlled video countdown show VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown. It eventually peaked at No. 2 for the week ending on May 5, 2006.  "Into the Ocean", the second single from the album, was released on July 17, 2006. The music video for the song debuted at number three on VH1's The 20 during the show's final week of 2006, and reached the number one spot in mid-February 2007. "Into the Ocean" hit number 20 on the Modern Rock Tracks. The next single from the band was "She's My Ride Home", which they performed on Late Night with Conan O'Brien on April 25, 2007.

Paragraph 28: Sited opposite the Railway Station and Stationmasters House (1886) and the Hotel (1888), Claremont Post Office defines the end of Bay View Terrace and creates a gateway to the main shopping precinct of Claremont. Claremont Post Office is a single storey building, in the Federation Romanesque style and features a large semi-circular window which addresses the western facade and a curved porch which addresses the corner. It was originally constructed in a domestic version of the Federation Romanesque style exhibiting a simple massing, shingled roof, square routed verandah posts, irregular roof form, projecting gable and rusticated stone work. The form was asymmetrical with an entrance porch on the Northern side of a large semi-circular window and a return verandah leading away from the southern side. Above the porch was a sign at roof level with the words 'Post Office'. In 1914, alterations to the building, under the direction of Hillson Beasley, removed the north-west porch and replaced it with a curved porch, which addressed the corner of Gugeri Street and Bay View Terrace and echoed the lines of the semi-circular window, thus increasing the sculptural quality of the facade. Above the semi-circular window a small pediment was added with the words 'Post Office' incorporated and a small porch, in rusticated stonework, added to the southern side. The roof line was also altered at this time by increasing the roof height and forming a prominent ridge line, incorporating ventilation and creating a gambrel effect. The original shingles were replaced by Marseilles tiles with decorative finials and ridge decorations emphasising the new lines. Claremont Post Office incorporated the Postmaster's residential quarters with the Post and Telegraphic Office. The quarters were accessible both from the main rooms of the post office and the rear of the building, via separate entrance on the eastern elevation. This entrance way has a rusticated entrance arch, creating a shallow porch and is flanked by windows on either side. Both these windows are rusticated on the eastern facade, which creates, in combination with the recessed doorway, a pleasantly sculptural quality to that which is effectively a rear entrance. In the 1950s the open verandah on the northern elevation facing Gugeri Street, was modified with brick wall, timber windows and a tiled skillion roof. This area is now used as a store and for bikes. According to photographs, the stonework was painted, prior to 1972, but the strong form of the limestone facades and the terracotta tiled roof have survived.

Paragraph 29: Mayer's work first caught public attention with her exhibit Memory, a multimedia work that challenged ideas of narrative and autobiography in conceptual art and created an immersive poetic environment. During July 1971, Mayer photographed one roll of film each day, resulting in a total of 1200 photographs. Mayer then recorded a 31-part narration as she remembered the context of each image, using them as "taking-off points for digression" and to "[fill] in the spaces between." In the first full-showing of the exhibit at the 98 Greene Street Loft, the photographs were installed on boards in sequential rows as Mayer's seven-hour audio track played a single time between the gallery's open and close. Memory asked its observer to be a critical student of the work, as one would with any poetic text, while putting herself into the position of the artist. An early version of Memory, remembering, toured seven locations in the U.S. and Europe from 1973 to 1974 as part of Lucy R. Lippard's female-centric conceptual art show, "c. 7,500". Memory's audio narration was later edited and turned into a book published by North Atlantic Books in 1976.  Memory served as the jumping off point for Mayer's next book, a 3-year experiment in stream-of-conscious journal writing Studying Hunger (Adventures in Poetry, 1976), and these diaristic impulses would continue to be a significant part of Mayer's writing practice over the next few decades.

Paragraph 30: In recent years it has been noted that the order of filling subshells in neutral atoms does not always correspond to the order of adding or removing electrons for a given atom. For example, in the fourth row of the periodic table, the Madelung rule indicates that the 4s subshell is occupied before the 3d. Therefore, the neutral atom ground state configuration for K is , Ca is , Sc is  and so on. However, if a scandium atom is ionized by removing electrons (only), the configurations differ: Sc is , Sc+ is , and Sc2+ is . The subshell energies and their order depend on the nuclear charge; 4s is lower than 3d as per the Madelung rule in K with 19 protons, but 3d is lower in Sc2+ with 21 protons. In addition to there being ample experimental evidence to support this view, it makes the explanation of the order of ionization of electrons in this and other transition metals more intelligible, given that 4s electrons are invariably preferentially ionized. Generally the Madelung rule should only be used for neutral atoms; however, even for neutral atoms there are exceptions in the d-block and f-block (as shown above).

Paragraph 31: From 1918 to 1919, two magazines Fujin Koron (Women's forum) and Taiyou (The Sun) hosted a controversial debate over maternity protection. In addition to Kikue, who changed her family name to Yamakawa after her marriage, famous Japanese feminists, such as Yosano Akiko, Hiratsuka Raicho, and Yamada Waka, took part in the debate. The debates had broadly two standpoints. On the one hand, Yosano argued that the liberation of women required the economic independence of women. On the other hand, Hiratsuka argued that it was impossible or difficult to do both work and parenting. Hiratsuka also viewed women's childbirth and parenting as a national and social project, and thus argued that women deserved the protection of motherhood by the government. They had different opinions in terms of whether women can do both work and family-life, and their arguments did not overlap at all. In order to organize these argument Yamakawa Kikue named Yosano "Japanese Mary Wollstonecraft" and Hiratsuka "Japanese Ellen Key." As with the argument of Yosano, Yamakawa said, "Yosano emphasizes women's individualism. She started by demanding freedom of education, an expansion of the selection of work, and financial independence and eventually demanded suffrage.″ Yamakawa partly agreed with Yosano but criticized her opinion for thinking only about the female bourgeois. Moreover, Yamakawa disagreed with Yosano that the protection of motherhood by the nation was a shame because it was the same as the government's care of the elderly and the disabled. In this respect, Yamakawa said that Yosano's view was biased on a class society because Yosano only criticized old and disabled people depending on the public assistance while she did not mention soldiers and public servants who also depended on the assistance in the same way. For Hiratsuka's opinion, Yamakawa argued that it was more advanced than that of Yosano in that it took a more critical attitude towards capitalism. However, Yamakawa criticized Hiratsuka for too much emphasis on motherhood. Yamakawa said that Hiratsuka viewed women's ultimate goal as childbirth and parenting, and that it led women to obey male-centered society's idea that women should sacrifice their work in compensation for completing the ultimate goal. Yamakawa summarized these arguments and argued that financial independence and protection of motherhood were compatible and natural demands of women. As a social feminist, Yamakawa argued that female workers should play an active role in winning both economic equality and the protection of motherhood, and that the liberation of women required the reform of capitalist society which exploited workers. Moreover, Yamakawa Kikue made an objection to present society which left household labor unpaid work. Furthermore, Yamakawa was distinct from Yosano and Hiratsuka in that she mentioned welfare for the elderly as rights.

Paragraph 32: Uchee Creek begins at its source, which is just north of Harlem. This point is located between Fairview Drive and U.S. Route 221 and Georgia State Route 47 (US 221/SR 47; Appling–Harlem Road). The stream flows to the southeast and goes underneath of US 221/SR 47 and immediately afterward goes underneath Robert Moore Road. It winds its way to the east and resumes its southeasterly course, where it flows underneath of Harlem–Grovetown Road. It then bends to an east-southeasterly direction. It curves to the east-northeast and meets the mouth of Spirit Creek. Uchee Creek flows to the northeast, between Rockford Drive and Carlene Drive. It heads back to the east-northeast and goes underneath of Old Louisville Road. After meeting the mouth of Horn Creek, it flows to the north and then back to the northeast. Northwest of Wells Lake, it twists to the north. It curves back to the north-northeast. Upon flowing underneath Harlem–Grovetown Road for a second time, it enters the city limits of Grovetown and begins to traverse the western edge of Grovetown Trails at Euchee Creek, a future portion of the Euchee Creek Greenway. It enters the trails property and flows underneath the northernmost trail at two different locations. It bends to the north-northwest and goes under this trail before leaving the property. It flows just west of the property and meets the mouth of Broad Branch. Here, it begins flowing back to the northeast. Upon going underneath of SR 223 (Wrightsboro Road), it leaves Grovetown and the trail property. Uchee Creek then flows to the north-northeast and travels underneath of Canterbury Farms Parkway and part of the Euchee Creek Greenway in two places. It heads to the north and flows under the Greenway again. Almost immediately, it flows underneath Interstate 20 (I-20; Carl Sanders Highway). After going under William Few Parkway, it heads back to the north-northeast and then meets the mouth of Mill Branch. The stream flows under SR 232 (Columbia Road). It then travels through the Bartram Trail Golf Club. It then twists back to the northeast. Upon meeting the mouth of Tudor Branch, it bends back to the north-northeast. It then flows just to the west of Blanchard Woods Park and changes direction back to the north-northwest. It then flows under SR 104 (Washington Road) on the G.B. "Dip" Lamkin Bridge. The stream begins to bend back to the north-northeast. Immediately after meeting the mouth of Long Branch, it flows under William Few Parkway for a second time. It widens out briefly before narrowing just before its mouth, at the Little River.

Paragraph 33: Sakurai Mikito is a high school student and is bullied everyday, but doesn't fight back, as he dislikes violence. One day a mysterious orb works its way into his bag and while Mikito sleeps the orb bounces to his bed, works its way into his mouth and he swallows it. In his dreams he talks to a strange boy who is called Zakuro, who asks simply "what is your desire?" After Mikito wakes up he no longer needs his glasses and has a massive appetite. When the bullies at school attempt to extort him for money, but Mikito is overcome with an unfamiliar sensation, Rage. when Mikito refuses to pay the bullies coerce him saying "you will always be lower than us!" Mikito, finds this comment to his disliking and promptly breaks the delinquent's jaw with a single punch. Apparently, he has also gained superhuman strength, later a large group try again to extort him, however, this time he brutally beats them down discovering he enjoys the sight of blood after hating it for so long. Unfortunately his power comes with a price, he starts harboring violent thoughts, becomes short tempered and most disturbingly, starts to view other humans as "Meat" even nearly attacking his own sister. He develops an insane hunger for human flesh which he refuses to indulge, but his instincts are difficult to repress. Then one night he senses something off in the distance, a person he must meet. He rushes towards this person, and finds a man standing over the corpse of a woman whom he killed. At first the man is confused by Mikito's presence then identifies him as a comrade. Suddenly a cloaked man carrying strange weapons and wearing a bell on his right ear swoops down from the rooftops and attacks the murderer. Then the murderer changes shape turning into an ogre, the cloaked man an ogre battle for a moment and the man gets the upper hand. The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help. However, the man kills the ogre and attacks Mikito, but his weapon seems to have an effect on him as it saps his strength. With the last of his strength he yells at a fleeing Mikito that, he will kill his family if he doesn't let the cloaked man kill him. Apparently the orb he swallowed was an ogre core which transforms a human into an Ogre. Mikito is then discovered by "Ogre Hunters" and the story develops from there.

Paragraph 34: Sited opposite the Railway Station and Stationmasters House (1886) and the Hotel (1888), Claremont Post Office defines the end of Bay View Terrace and creates a gateway to the main shopping precinct of Claremont. Claremont Post Office is a single storey building, in the Federation Romanesque style and features a large semi-circular window which addresses the western facade and a curved porch which addresses the corner. It was originally constructed in a domestic version of the Federation Romanesque style exhibiting a simple massing, shingled roof, square routed verandah posts, irregular roof form, projecting gable and rusticated stone work. The form was asymmetrical with an entrance porch on the Northern side of a large semi-circular window and a return verandah leading away from the southern side. Above the porch was a sign at roof level with the words 'Post Office'. In 1914, alterations to the building, under the direction of Hillson Beasley, removed the north-west porch and replaced it with a curved porch, which addressed the corner of Gugeri Street and Bay View Terrace and echoed the lines of the semi-circular window, thus increasing the sculptural quality of the facade. Above the semi-circular window a small pediment was added with the words 'Post Office' incorporated and a small porch, in rusticated stonework, added to the southern side. The roof line was also altered at this time by increasing the roof height and forming a prominent ridge line, incorporating ventilation and creating a gambrel effect. The original shingles were replaced by Marseilles tiles with decorative finials and ridge decorations emphasising the new lines. Claremont Post Office incorporated the Postmaster's residential quarters with the Post and Telegraphic Office. The quarters were accessible both from the main rooms of the post office and the rear of the building, via separate entrance on the eastern elevation. This entrance way has a rusticated entrance arch, creating a shallow porch and is flanked by windows on either side. Both these windows are rusticated on the eastern facade, which creates, in combination with the recessed doorway, a pleasantly sculptural quality to that which is effectively a rear entrance. In the 1950s the open verandah on the northern elevation facing Gugeri Street, was modified with brick wall, timber windows and a tiled skillion roof. This area is now used as a store and for bikes. According to photographs, the stonework was painted, prior to 1972, but the strong form of the limestone facades and the terracotta tiled roof have survived.

Paragraph 35: The Georgian Shavnabada Battalion was caught by surprise, losing almost all of its parked heavy vehicles, but managed to build up a defensive line at the southwestern edges to the city and the beach site. Artillery batteries, which had been already placed on the southern heights prior to the battle, had good line of sight on the town and its surroundings. The Abkhaz-North Caucasian alliance advanced with full force toward the city center in an attempt to overwhelm the defenders by sheer manpower. The initial assault was met with heavy resistance and shelling. Georgian soldiers and artillery in particular dealt heavy losses to the attackers and forced them to retreat. The Shavnabada Battalion, along with a platoon of mixed special forces units, mounted a counterattack and made the alliance forces disperse and rout into the northeastern forests. The Abkhaz-North Caucasian combatants' fighting morale was at the edge of collapse and a large number of them started to disband. However, the alliance re-consolidated its forces, gathered sufficient numbers, and mounted another massive offensive. With most equipment already lost in the surprise attack, Georgian forces ran out of options and considered abandoning Gagra the next day. Special forces leader Gocha Karkarashvili, younger brother of overall commander Giorgi Karkarashvili, insisted on remaining in town with a number of men in order to halt the attackers until reinforcements arrived, despite the remoteness of this possibility. He and a small number of commandos and armed Georgian civilians entrenched themselves in the police and railway stations. The outnumbered Georgians were able to defend these two positions for a while until they were completely surrounded and overrun. The Abkhazians identified 11 members of the elite unit White Eagles, including its leader. Most of the aiding militias were captured. The 13th Battalion and special forces elements became entangled in a losing fight with a second large group of combatants approaching from the nearby forests which led to a full retreat. As it became apparent that Georgian forces were abandoning Gagra completely due to internal rivalries intensifying in Georgia's capital, thousands of Georgian civilians fled to the villages of Gantiadi and Leselidze immediately north of the town. In the days that followed these villages also fell, adding to the flight of refugees to the Russian border. Russian border guards allowed some Georgian civilians and military personnel to cross the border and then transported them to Georgia proper. According to some sources, the elder Karkarashvili and some of his men were also evacuated by helicopter to Russian territory.

Paragraph 36: Records of the 1952 trial state that following Sattler's installation as Belgrade's Gestapo chief, the population of Yugoslavia was subjected to merciless persecution and mass killings. Through his adept recruitment and control of a network of informants Sattler received details of the structural organisation and activities of all the resistance groups in the region. Through tapping various radio communications, as well as the transmissions of 12 underground radio stations across Serbia, he obtained critical reports which he used to plan and carry through savage reprisal measures against the resistance groups. The prime target of the network of agents and spies that Sattler ran were those identified as leaders in the resistance groups. This made it possible to "dig out" resistance leaders and arrest their family members at the same time. The number of antifascist resistance fighters arrested on Sattler's watch in Belgrade was given as around 3,000. If their interrogators were satisfied that they had nothing to do with resistance, detainees were quickly released. Others were detained in custody in the immediate term, and then either shipped to Germany as forced labourers or else held as hostages. Decisions in this respect were in effect in the hands of Sattler. They were signed off by his immediate boss, Dr. Schäfer, but Schäfer almost always followed Sattler's recommendations. When it came to those held back as hostages, initially these were shot dead in the ratio of 100 for every German soldier believed killed by resistance partisans. The ratio was later reduced to 20 hostages shot for every German soldier killed. The hostages selected for these killings were generally males aged between 20 and 50. These were transported by truck to the firing range and then shot in batches of ten, their bodies then buried close by. Shootings were carried out under the direct supervision of Dr. Schäfer by companies of ethnic German guards. This approach resulted in too many "failures", however, when too many of those tasked with shooting hostages "fell over because they could not bear to see the blood flowing". After this the shooting of hostages was entrusted to Chief Commissar Brandt and his deputy, a man called Everding, who had volunteered for the duty. Shootings of German soldiers by resistance activists were relatively infrequent. There were three reprisal shootings reported where the number of hostages killed was 100 and ten where the number of hostages killed was 20. The 1952 trial court was told that Sattler did not himself participate in any of these hostage shootings. He saw his own role as an administrative one.