Paragraph 1: [We re-released the song] because we were playing it every night since 1989, '90. It wasn't that we weren't happy with it. I was thrilled with it. I thought it was a great song. Brett just happened to think that we were playing it better than we played it on the record. He just thought it was the one song of his that had a snowball's chance in hell of being popular. I think one of Brett's quests as a song writer was to write a pop hit. That's hard to do when you're in a punk rock band. He always thought that song could be a pop hit, and he fought for it to get on the record and to be a single. I eventually got tired of saying 'that's not what we do'. That's what he wanted to do when he was a member of the band at the time and we all went 'well, OK, if you feel that strongly about it, we'll put it on the record'. We have a very democratic process which is that if 3 members vote one way, then it's going to happen, unless one member feels so strongly about it, then we all just concede and say that's cool.

Paragraph 2: [We re-released the song] because we were playing it every night since 1989, '90. It wasn't that we weren't happy with it. I was thrilled with it. I thought it was a great song. Brett just happened to think that we were playing it better than we played it on the record. He just thought it was the one song of his that had a snowball's chance in hell of being popular. I think one of Brett's quests as a song writer was to write a pop hit. That's hard to do when you're in a punk rock band. He always thought that song could be a pop hit, and he fought for it to get on the record and to be a single. I eventually got tired of saying 'that's not what we do'. That's what he wanted to do when he was a member of the band at the time and we all went 'well, OK, if you feel that strongly about it, we'll put it on the record'. We have a very democratic process which is that if 3 members vote one way, then it's going to happen, unless one member feels so strongly about it, then we all just concede and say that's cool.

Paragraph 3: In January 1968, a few weeks after the devaluation of the pound, Prime Minister Harold Wilson and his Defence Secretary, Denis Healey, announced that British troops would be withdrawn in 1971 from major military bases in South East Asia, "east of Aden", primarily in Malaysia and Singapore as well as the Persian Gulf and the Maldives (both of which are sited in the Indian Ocean), which is when the phrase "East of Suez" entered the vernacular. In June 1970, Edward Heath's government came to power and retained a small political and military commitment to South East Asia through the Five Power Defence Arrangements. Prior to the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to China, Britain based several units in Hong Kong.

Paragraph 4: The production of Dolly the Sheep and also Megan and Morag, the two sheep that led to the production of Dolly, demonstrated that viable sheep can be produced by nuclear transfer from a variety of somatic cell types which have been cultured in vitro. Polly and Molly represented the further step in which somatic cells were cultured in vitro, just as in the case with the previous sheep. However, in this case they were transfected with foreign DNA, and the transfected cells which stably integrated this new piece of genetic information were selected. The nuclei of these somatic cells was then transferred into an empty oocyte, as in the procedure of nuclear transfer, and this was used to produce several transgenic animals. A cell type PDFF was used. PDFF5 would produce male animals and were not transduced. Cell type PDFF2 produced female animals and were transduced. Of the gestations that occurred, three PDFF2 animals were born, two of which survived birth, 7LL8 and 7LL12. These animals were transfected but contained a marker gene not the cloned gene of interest. These were named "Holly" and "Olly". Two more subsets of female-producing PDFF2 cells, PDFF2-12 and PDFF2-13, also produced animals which had the cell of interest together with the marker. Of these lambs, 7LL12, 7LL15, and 7LL13 were born alive and healthy. Two of these were named Polly and Molly.

Paragraph 5: According to Statistics Denmark, Syrian migrants and their descendants are over-represented as perpetrators of crime. Male Syrian descendants are about 15 times more likely to commit violent crime. As of 2016, Syria-born male immigrants in Denmark aged 15-79 have a total crime index of 97 when adjusted for age only, with an adjustment of 61 for age and socioeconomic status. Their male descendants have a total crime index of 300 when adjusted for age only, with adjustments of 293 for age and socioeconomic status, 241 for age and family education, and 239 for age and family income. With regard to type of infringement, the male descendants of Syria-born individuals have a penal code crime index of 475 when adjusted for age only (with adjustments of 400 for age and socioeconomic status, 304 age and family education, and 278 for age and family income), of which the crime index when adjusted for age only is 552 for violent offences (with adjustments of 465 for age and socioeconomic status, 343 age and family education, and 319 for age and family income) and 421 for property offences (with adjustments of 356 for age and socioeconomic status, 268 age and family education, and 240 for age and family income). The crime index when adjusted for age only is 302 for traffic law (with adjustments of 315 for age and socioeconomic status, 259 for age and family education, and 274 for age and family income) and 315 for special laws (with adjustments of 297 for age and socioeconomic status, 249 age and family education, and 241 for age and family income). The average crime index among the general Danish population is set at 100 and percentage points above or below that baseline reflect greater or lesser prevalence, depending on a population's most common age group and its relative socioeconomic status. As of 2016, a total of 1,033 persons of Syrian origin were found guilty of crimes. Of these individuals, 923 were males and 110 were females, with males between the ages of 15-29 years (465 individuals) and 30-49 years (407 individuals) constituting most of the total. The most common types of offences were violations of traffic law (602 individuals, of which 570 breached the Road Traffic Act), followed by violations of the penal code (269 individuals, of which 176 made offences against property) and special laws (238 individuals, of which 117 breached other special laws). Most of the persons received a fine (869 individuals), with the remainder given unsuspended imprisonment (75 individuals), suspended imprisonment (71 individuals), withdrawal of charges (8 individuals), no charges (5 individuals), other decisions (3 individuals), or preventive measures (2 individuals).

Paragraph 6: According to Statistics Denmark, Syrian migrants and their descendants are over-represented as perpetrators of crime. Male Syrian descendants are about 15 times more likely to commit violent crime. As of 2016, Syria-born male immigrants in Denmark aged 15-79 have a total crime index of 97 when adjusted for age only, with an adjustment of 61 for age and socioeconomic status. Their male descendants have a total crime index of 300 when adjusted for age only, with adjustments of 293 for age and socioeconomic status, 241 for age and family education, and 239 for age and family income. With regard to type of infringement, the male descendants of Syria-born individuals have a penal code crime index of 475 when adjusted for age only (with adjustments of 400 for age and socioeconomic status, 304 age and family education, and 278 for age and family income), of which the crime index when adjusted for age only is 552 for violent offences (with adjustments of 465 for age and socioeconomic status, 343 age and family education, and 319 for age and family income) and 421 for property offences (with adjustments of 356 for age and socioeconomic status, 268 age and family education, and 240 for age and family income). The crime index when adjusted for age only is 302 for traffic law (with adjustments of 315 for age and socioeconomic status, 259 for age and family education, and 274 for age and family income) and 315 for special laws (with adjustments of 297 for age and socioeconomic status, 249 age and family education, and 241 for age and family income). The average crime index among the general Danish population is set at 100 and percentage points above or below that baseline reflect greater or lesser prevalence, depending on a population's most common age group and its relative socioeconomic status. As of 2016, a total of 1,033 persons of Syrian origin were found guilty of crimes. Of these individuals, 923 were males and 110 were females, with males between the ages of 15-29 years (465 individuals) and 30-49 years (407 individuals) constituting most of the total. The most common types of offences were violations of traffic law (602 individuals, of which 570 breached the Road Traffic Act), followed by violations of the penal code (269 individuals, of which 176 made offences against property) and special laws (238 individuals, of which 117 breached other special laws). Most of the persons received a fine (869 individuals), with the remainder given unsuspended imprisonment (75 individuals), suspended imprisonment (71 individuals), withdrawal of charges (8 individuals), no charges (5 individuals), other decisions (3 individuals), or preventive measures (2 individuals).

Paragraph 7: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure creator Hirohiko Araki decided to have a Japanese main character for Part 3 around the ending of the manga's first part. When Araki started working on Stardust Crusaders, his primary goal was to create characters with different personalities compared to those from Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency, the previous parts of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure; for instance, whereas Jonathan from Phantom Blood is a traditional portrayal of a man of justice, and Joseph from Battle Tendency is a "cheerful and flashy" character, Jotaro keeps his emotions hidden, with the art of him depicting him as expressionless as possible. He was additionally designed to be taller and have more of a sense of weight to his body compared to Jonathan and Joseph, to make him seem fantastical, while his clothing – a school uniform – was meant to represent normalcy. Jotaro was additionally designed to symbolize the part's story and setting. Araki modeled Jotaro after American actor Clint Eastwood, including his poses and catchphrases; Jotaro's signature finger-pointing pose came from one of Eastwood's poses with a .44 Magnum. His catchphrase  was also an imitation of the type of lines Eastwood would say in his movies. Araki intended for Jotaro to be economical in his movements, and have "a presence that could be felt just by him standing". This is why the character might seem "rough" compared to other Weekly Shonen Jump protagonists; however, Jotaro fits Araki's own image of a hero perfectly as a "loner" who does not do the right thing for attention. The author said the character wearing his school uniform in the desert has its roots in Mitsuteru Yokoyama's Babel II. Araki wrote that Jotaro has become "big enough" that he can act as a synonym for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure as a whole. He also revealed that he has based the visual designs of subsequent JoJos on Jotaro's and then worked to differentiate them from there.

Paragraph 8: According to Statistics Denmark, Syrian migrants and their descendants are over-represented as perpetrators of crime. Male Syrian descendants are about 15 times more likely to commit violent crime. As of 2016, Syria-born male immigrants in Denmark aged 15-79 have a total crime index of 97 when adjusted for age only, with an adjustment of 61 for age and socioeconomic status. Their male descendants have a total crime index of 300 when adjusted for age only, with adjustments of 293 for age and socioeconomic status, 241 for age and family education, and 239 for age and family income. With regard to type of infringement, the male descendants of Syria-born individuals have a penal code crime index of 475 when adjusted for age only (with adjustments of 400 for age and socioeconomic status, 304 age and family education, and 278 for age and family income), of which the crime index when adjusted for age only is 552 for violent offences (with adjustments of 465 for age and socioeconomic status, 343 age and family education, and 319 for age and family income) and 421 for property offences (with adjustments of 356 for age and socioeconomic status, 268 age and family education, and 240 for age and family income). The crime index when adjusted for age only is 302 for traffic law (with adjustments of 315 for age and socioeconomic status, 259 for age and family education, and 274 for age and family income) and 315 for special laws (with adjustments of 297 for age and socioeconomic status, 249 age and family education, and 241 for age and family income). The average crime index among the general Danish population is set at 100 and percentage points above or below that baseline reflect greater or lesser prevalence, depending on a population's most common age group and its relative socioeconomic status. As of 2016, a total of 1,033 persons of Syrian origin were found guilty of crimes. Of these individuals, 923 were males and 110 were females, with males between the ages of 15-29 years (465 individuals) and 30-49 years (407 individuals) constituting most of the total. The most common types of offences were violations of traffic law (602 individuals, of which 570 breached the Road Traffic Act), followed by violations of the penal code (269 individuals, of which 176 made offences against property) and special laws (238 individuals, of which 117 breached other special laws). Most of the persons received a fine (869 individuals), with the remainder given unsuspended imprisonment (75 individuals), suspended imprisonment (71 individuals), withdrawal of charges (8 individuals), no charges (5 individuals), other decisions (3 individuals), or preventive measures (2 individuals).

Paragraph 9: [We re-released the song] because we were playing it every night since 1989, '90. It wasn't that we weren't happy with it. I was thrilled with it. I thought it was a great song. Brett just happened to think that we were playing it better than we played it on the record. He just thought it was the one song of his that had a snowball's chance in hell of being popular. I think one of Brett's quests as a song writer was to write a pop hit. That's hard to do when you're in a punk rock band. He always thought that song could be a pop hit, and he fought for it to get on the record and to be a single. I eventually got tired of saying 'that's not what we do'. That's what he wanted to do when he was a member of the band at the time and we all went 'well, OK, if you feel that strongly about it, we'll put it on the record'. We have a very democratic process which is that if 3 members vote one way, then it's going to happen, unless one member feels so strongly about it, then we all just concede and say that's cool.

Paragraph 10: The production of Dolly the Sheep and also Megan and Morag, the two sheep that led to the production of Dolly, demonstrated that viable sheep can be produced by nuclear transfer from a variety of somatic cell types which have been cultured in vitro. Polly and Molly represented the further step in which somatic cells were cultured in vitro, just as in the case with the previous sheep. However, in this case they were transfected with foreign DNA, and the transfected cells which stably integrated this new piece of genetic information were selected. The nuclei of these somatic cells was then transferred into an empty oocyte, as in the procedure of nuclear transfer, and this was used to produce several transgenic animals. A cell type PDFF was used. PDFF5 would produce male animals and were not transduced. Cell type PDFF2 produced female animals and were transduced. Of the gestations that occurred, three PDFF2 animals were born, two of which survived birth, 7LL8 and 7LL12. These animals were transfected but contained a marker gene not the cloned gene of interest. These were named "Holly" and "Olly". Two more subsets of female-producing PDFF2 cells, PDFF2-12 and PDFF2-13, also produced animals which had the cell of interest together with the marker. Of these lambs, 7LL12, 7LL15, and 7LL13 were born alive and healthy. Two of these were named Polly and Molly.

Paragraph 11: In January 1968, a few weeks after the devaluation of the pound, Prime Minister Harold Wilson and his Defence Secretary, Denis Healey, announced that British troops would be withdrawn in 1971 from major military bases in South East Asia, "east of Aden", primarily in Malaysia and Singapore as well as the Persian Gulf and the Maldives (both of which are sited in the Indian Ocean), which is when the phrase "East of Suez" entered the vernacular. In June 1970, Edward Heath's government came to power and retained a small political and military commitment to South East Asia through the Five Power Defence Arrangements. Prior to the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to China, Britain based several units in Hong Kong.

Paragraph 12: G. Sankara Kurup, (3 June 1901  – 2 February 1978) also referred to as Mahakavi G (The Great Poet G), was an Indian poet, essayist and literary critic  of Malayalam literature. Known as one of the greats of Malayalam poetry, he was the first recipient of the Jnanpith Award―the highest Indian literary honor.  He served as a nominated member of the Rajya Sabha from 1968 to 1972 and received the Padma Bhushan, the third highest Indian civilian award, in 1967. He was also a recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award, Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award and Soviet Land Nehru Award.

Paragraph 13: For over 30 years, Gold has been producing and directing documentaries. In 1996 she formed the production company AndersonGold films, Inc. with Kelly Anderson. In 2011 she produced PASSIONATE POLITICS about the life and work of feminist activist Charlotte Bunch. In 2010 she directed (with Larry Shore, Producer/Director) RFK in the Land of Apartheid: A Ripple of Hope, a documentary about Robert F. Kennedy's visit to South Africa in 1966 and the connection between the anti-apartheid struggle and the Civil Rights Movement in the United States. In 2006, Gold produced and directed a video about the popular struggle in Oaxaca, Mexico, Land Rain and Fire (with Gerardo Renique), which aired internationally on Spanish-language TV. She authored a companion article A Rainbow in the Midst of a Hurricane (Radical Teacher 2008). In 2004, Gold produced and directed Every Mother's Son (with Kelly Anderson), which won the Tribeca Film Festival Audience Award and was broadcast on the PBS series P.O.V. In 2000, Gold produced and directed Making a Killing (with Kelly Anderson), a documentary on the marketing practices of the tobacco industry in the developing world. Making a Killing premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival, was screened for delegates at the World Health Organization and aired on television in Nigeria, Serbia, Lagos and Vietnam. In 1998 Gold produced and directed Another Brother, the story of an African American Vietnam Veteran which aired on PBS; in 1992 she produced Juggling Gender: Politics, Sex and Identity about Jennifer Miller, which premiered at the New York Film Festival's video series and was broadcast on public television stations; Out at Work: Lesbians and Gay men on the Job, which screened at the Sundance Film Festival and was shown on HBO and authored a companion article, Making Out at Work; Signed Sealed and Delivered, Labor Struggle in the Post Office, aired on PBS and Looking for Love: Teenage Mothers among others. She is the recipient of a Rockefeller Fellowship, Guggenheim Fellowship, Video Arts Fellowships from the New Jersey and New York State Councils on the Arts, the Excellence in the Arts Award from the Manhattan Borough President, and the American Film Institute's Independent Filmmakers Production Fellowship. Her work has screened at the Museum of Modern Art, the Whiney Museum, The Chicago Arts Institute, The Kennedy Center, The American Film Institute, The British Film Institute and The Public Theater among others. Gold is a professor at Hunter College and the Hunter Chapter Chair of the PSC CUNY. She has four daughters and five grandchildren.

Paragraph 14: According to Statistics Denmark, Syrian migrants and their descendants are over-represented as perpetrators of crime. Male Syrian descendants are about 15 times more likely to commit violent crime. As of 2016, Syria-born male immigrants in Denmark aged 15-79 have a total crime index of 97 when adjusted for age only, with an adjustment of 61 for age and socioeconomic status. Their male descendants have a total crime index of 300 when adjusted for age only, with adjustments of 293 for age and socioeconomic status, 241 for age and family education, and 239 for age and family income. With regard to type of infringement, the male descendants of Syria-born individuals have a penal code crime index of 475 when adjusted for age only (with adjustments of 400 for age and socioeconomic status, 304 age and family education, and 278 for age and family income), of which the crime index when adjusted for age only is 552 for violent offences (with adjustments of 465 for age and socioeconomic status, 343 age and family education, and 319 for age and family income) and 421 for property offences (with adjustments of 356 for age and socioeconomic status, 268 age and family education, and 240 for age and family income). The crime index when adjusted for age only is 302 for traffic law (with adjustments of 315 for age and socioeconomic status, 259 for age and family education, and 274 for age and family income) and 315 for special laws (with adjustments of 297 for age and socioeconomic status, 249 age and family education, and 241 for age and family income). The average crime index among the general Danish population is set at 100 and percentage points above or below that baseline reflect greater or lesser prevalence, depending on a population's most common age group and its relative socioeconomic status. As of 2016, a total of 1,033 persons of Syrian origin were found guilty of crimes. Of these individuals, 923 were males and 110 were females, with males between the ages of 15-29 years (465 individuals) and 30-49 years (407 individuals) constituting most of the total. The most common types of offences were violations of traffic law (602 individuals, of which 570 breached the Road Traffic Act), followed by violations of the penal code (269 individuals, of which 176 made offences against property) and special laws (238 individuals, of which 117 breached other special laws). Most of the persons received a fine (869 individuals), with the remainder given unsuspended imprisonment (75 individuals), suspended imprisonment (71 individuals), withdrawal of charges (8 individuals), no charges (5 individuals), other decisions (3 individuals), or preventive measures (2 individuals).

Paragraph 15: In the late 1960s, the Astronomy Committee of the UK's Science Research Council (SRC, the forerunner of STFC) considered the importance of astronomical observations at submillimetre and millimetre wavelengths. After a series of proposals and debates, in 1975, the SRC millimetre steering committee concluded that it would be possible to construct a 15-metre diameter telescope capable of observing at wavelengths down to 750–800 µm. The project, then called the National New Technology Telescope (NNTT), was to be an 80/20 per cent collaboration with the Netherlands Organisation for the Advancement of Science. Site tests were made at Mauna Kea in Hawaii, the Pinaleno Mountains in Arizona, and a site in Chile; and Mauna Kea was chosen. The NNTT was to be larger and with more instruments than competing telescopes such as the CSO and SMT.

Paragraph 16: Within a few months of Governor George Burrington being in post, most members of his administration and council complained of his behaviour and William Smith, the Chief Justice, resigned in protest and left for England to complain about the governor to Whitehall officials at the Board of Trade.  In Smith's absence, Nathaniel Rice was appointed President of the Council towards the end of 1731.  By the following year Rice, the Attorney General and other members of the Council complained about the Governor's behaviour to the Duke of Newcastle. The complaints continued to flow in until finally Newcastle, in 1733, announced that Burrington would be replaced by a new governor - who did not arrive in post until the following year. Burrington had to remain in post for many months until his replacement arrived and when Smith returned from England to an enthusiastic reception from the Council, Burrington felt threatened.  He removed the seals of office from Nathaniel Rice to prevent him carrying out his duties and then dissolved the council. Meanwhile, on 15 April 1734, when Burrington was in South Carolina, Nathaniel Rice - as next senior councillor - assumed the governorship in his absence.  When the governor returned on 17 September 1734 he immediately suspended Rice from office, along with other councillors and alleged that Rice, Smith and Montgomery had attempted to assassinate him. By the end of September, however, Governor Burrington himself had been removed from office again, and a new governor, Gabriel Johnston, had arrived to take charge who immediately reinstated all those councillors Burrington had suspended. Nathaniel Rice worked alongside Governor Johnston throughout his term.  Rice was appointed a Commissioner of the Peace of New Hanover Precinct, a member of the General Court and Member of a Board of Commissioners to erect Fort Johnston. Burrington aside, Rice prospered in America where he probably had land acquisitions prior to his arriving in 1731 from his 1725 visit to South Carolina and he had a plantation on the south side of Old Town Creek in New Hanover County (most of the land owned by Nathaniel Rice later fell into newly formed Brunswick County, North Carolina), called 'Rice's Plantation'. Numerous land grants indicate he amassed some 6,000 acres of land and 17 slaves.  He was a vestryman at St Philip's Parish Church and was buried in the family vault near his home on 29 January 1753, Wilmington, North Carolina.

Paragraph 17: Operation "Toenails," or the Invasion of New Georgia, would be the next mission the 169th would undertake. As a part of the 43rd Infantry Division operation, the Regiment seized Rendova Island against minimal opposition on 30 June. Elements of the 169th soon landed on the southern coast of New Georgia on 2 July and began to march alongside the 172nd Infantry Regiment toward Munda Point to capture the Munda Airfield there. The men of the regiment "were soon introduced to the harsh realities of jungle warfare." The main attack was scheduled to begin on 9 July 1943, but the 169th (unaccustomed to combat) was exhausted after spending a sleepless night shooting at real and imagined enemy patrols. The drive resumed on 11 July, but was completely stalled by combat casualties, fatigue, jungle diseases, and continuous rain. Static warfare in the dense jungle made the drive on Munda Point bitter and frustrating for the men of the 169th. By 17 July, the main line of Japanese resistance had not been reached, but the regiment had already suffered 90 men killed and 600 men wounded along with many psychoneurotic casualties. By on 18 July, the Japanese attempted to drive the 1st Battalion (1-169) off of "Kelley Hill," but the Connecticuters killed 102 of their enemy and drove them back. After heavy fighting along the line, the airfield was finally captured after heavy loss on 5 August 1943. From 6–10 August, the beleaguered regiment guarded Munda Airfield and were subjected to minor enemy air attacks. 3rd Battalion (3-169) was ordered to seize the island of Baanga northwest west of Munda Point and met heavy resistance and elements were soon pinned down on the beaches and in the dense jungle. 2-169 landed on Baanga to reinforce the attack, but the Japanese resistance on the islands was much stronger than anticipated and the advance made slow, if any, progress. On 20 August they were relieved by elements of the 172nd Infantry Regiment. This "non-battle" on Baanga had cost the Americans 44 dead and 74 wounded; L Company was reduced to just 16 men. From 25 August to 9 September, the regiment patrolled and guarded Munda Airfield until they were ordered to assist the 172nd Infantry in clearing Arundel Island which they managed to secure on 21 August. Here they suffered 4 killed and 29 wounded. The regiment moved back to Munda, and defended the airstrip until 19 January 1944, when 3-169 was ordered to Vella Lavella to defend the airstrip there. The regiment then arrived in New Zealand for R&R on 1 March. The men had free time, furloughs, awards ceremonies, training exercises, and parades while in New Zealand.

Paragraph 18: Operation "Toenails," or the Invasion of New Georgia, would be the next mission the 169th would undertake. As a part of the 43rd Infantry Division operation, the Regiment seized Rendova Island against minimal opposition on 30 June. Elements of the 169th soon landed on the southern coast of New Georgia on 2 July and began to march alongside the 172nd Infantry Regiment toward Munda Point to capture the Munda Airfield there. The men of the regiment "were soon introduced to the harsh realities of jungle warfare." The main attack was scheduled to begin on 9 July 1943, but the 169th (unaccustomed to combat) was exhausted after spending a sleepless night shooting at real and imagined enemy patrols. The drive resumed on 11 July, but was completely stalled by combat casualties, fatigue, jungle diseases, and continuous rain. Static warfare in the dense jungle made the drive on Munda Point bitter and frustrating for the men of the 169th. By 17 July, the main line of Japanese resistance had not been reached, but the regiment had already suffered 90 men killed and 600 men wounded along with many psychoneurotic casualties. By on 18 July, the Japanese attempted to drive the 1st Battalion (1-169) off of "Kelley Hill," but the Connecticuters killed 102 of their enemy and drove them back. After heavy fighting along the line, the airfield was finally captured after heavy loss on 5 August 1943. From 6–10 August, the beleaguered regiment guarded Munda Airfield and were subjected to minor enemy air attacks. 3rd Battalion (3-169) was ordered to seize the island of Baanga northwest west of Munda Point and met heavy resistance and elements were soon pinned down on the beaches and in the dense jungle. 2-169 landed on Baanga to reinforce the attack, but the Japanese resistance on the islands was much stronger than anticipated and the advance made slow, if any, progress. On 20 August they were relieved by elements of the 172nd Infantry Regiment. This "non-battle" on Baanga had cost the Americans 44 dead and 74 wounded; L Company was reduced to just 16 men. From 25 August to 9 September, the regiment patrolled and guarded Munda Airfield until they were ordered to assist the 172nd Infantry in clearing Arundel Island which they managed to secure on 21 August. Here they suffered 4 killed and 29 wounded. The regiment moved back to Munda, and defended the airstrip until 19 January 1944, when 3-169 was ordered to Vella Lavella to defend the airstrip there. The regiment then arrived in New Zealand for R&R on 1 March. The men had free time, furloughs, awards ceremonies, training exercises, and parades while in New Zealand.

Paragraph 19: In June 2000, Gregg Greene, then Director of Promotions for the Seattle Mariners, was the first to play the Baha Men's version of "Who Let the Dogs Out" at a Major League Baseball game. He debuted the tune as a joke for the team's backup catcher, Joe Oliver. Two days later, shortstop Alex Rodriguez requested the song be used as his walk-up music, and it quickly became the Mariners team anthem. The Baha Men performed at Safeco Field during a Mariners game in September 2000. The New York Mets, however, have claimed that they were the first MLB team to adopt the song, to which ESPN humorously commented "This is a little like scientists arguing over who discovered a deadly virus". The Baha Men recorded a version of the song that changed the chorus to "Who let the Mets out?" and all the lyrics to reflect the team and its players, which was played at Shea Stadium throughout the Mets' 2000 postseason run, including a live performance on the Shea Stadium field before Game 4 of the 2000 World Series against the New York Yankees. The song was written by David Brody of Z100 New York and recorded by the Baha Men initially for Z100. Brody then gave the song to the Mets to play at Shea.

Paragraph 20: With the decline removal of the Banu Qasi, the sons of Muhammad al-Tawil jockeyed for control over several of the coras of the Upper March, but amidst internecine struggles, rebellions and their own failure to maintain popular support, they were progressively marginalized. Abd al-Malik ibn Muhammad al-Tawil had succeeded his father at Huesca and installed his brother Amrus at Monzón, though the latter soon lost it to the Banu Qasi. Abd al-Malik's hold on Huesca was challenged by a series of rebellions by Banu Shabrit cousins, whom he killed, only to himself be killed and supplanted by his brother Amrus in 918. However, the Huesca citizenry rejected Amrus in favor of his brother Fortun ibn Muhammad al-Tawil.  Amrus fled to Barbastro and Alquézar, and was later offered Lleida by its residents, only for them to turn the city over to Muhammad ibn Lubb al-Qasawi in 922. He was captured by the Banu Tujib in 932, submitted to Abd al-Rahman III, and was killed participating in the Caliph's 934/5 campaign against Zaragoza and its rebel Banu Tujib lords. Fortun ibn Muhammad al-Tawil had submitted to Abd al-Rahman at the same time as Amrus, but in 933 he was expelled from Huesca after forming a pact with rebel Muhammad ibn Hasim al-Tujibi and replaced by his brother Yahya ibn Muhammad al-Tawil, and though Fortun went to Córdoba and abased himself before the Caliph, begging to be restored, Abd al-Rahman instead sent an outsider, Ahmed ibn Muhammad ibn Ilyas of Valencia, and the sons of Fortun and Yahya left the Upper March for Córdoba. However, after Ahmed struggled to retain control against the rebel Banu Tujib, Abd al-Rahman restored Fortun to Huesca in 936/7 against the will of the city's residents. When Fortun accompanied the Caliph on a campaign against León, he turned control of Huesca over to his brother Musa, who in 940 was formally named as wali of Huesca and Barbastro, though the latter was given to his brother Yahya in 942, to be followed by another brother, Lubb ibn Muhammad in 951, and Lubb's son Yahya in 955. In 957/8, the Caliph experimented with power sharing, making Yahya ibn Lubb and Abd al-Malik ibn Musa, who had succeeded his father in Huesca in 954, joint rulers of both Huesca and Barbastro, but he again segregated their control of the two coras in 959.  By this time the Banu al-Tawil had long since lost their ability to mount a credible challenge for the control of the Upper March against the new dominant family, the Banu Tujib, and the last of the Banu al-Tawil is seen fighting in a tournament in Córdoba in 974.

Paragraph 21: Operation "Toenails," or the Invasion of New Georgia, would be the next mission the 169th would undertake. As a part of the 43rd Infantry Division operation, the Regiment seized Rendova Island against minimal opposition on 30 June. Elements of the 169th soon landed on the southern coast of New Georgia on 2 July and began to march alongside the 172nd Infantry Regiment toward Munda Point to capture the Munda Airfield there. The men of the regiment "were soon introduced to the harsh realities of jungle warfare." The main attack was scheduled to begin on 9 July 1943, but the 169th (unaccustomed to combat) was exhausted after spending a sleepless night shooting at real and imagined enemy patrols. The drive resumed on 11 July, but was completely stalled by combat casualties, fatigue, jungle diseases, and continuous rain. Static warfare in the dense jungle made the drive on Munda Point bitter and frustrating for the men of the 169th. By 17 July, the main line of Japanese resistance had not been reached, but the regiment had already suffered 90 men killed and 600 men wounded along with many psychoneurotic casualties. By on 18 July, the Japanese attempted to drive the 1st Battalion (1-169) off of "Kelley Hill," but the Connecticuters killed 102 of their enemy and drove them back. After heavy fighting along the line, the airfield was finally captured after heavy loss on 5 August 1943. From 6–10 August, the beleaguered regiment guarded Munda Airfield and were subjected to minor enemy air attacks. 3rd Battalion (3-169) was ordered to seize the island of Baanga northwest west of Munda Point and met heavy resistance and elements were soon pinned down on the beaches and in the dense jungle. 2-169 landed on Baanga to reinforce the attack, but the Japanese resistance on the islands was much stronger than anticipated and the advance made slow, if any, progress. On 20 August they were relieved by elements of the 172nd Infantry Regiment. This "non-battle" on Baanga had cost the Americans 44 dead and 74 wounded; L Company was reduced to just 16 men. From 25 August to 9 September, the regiment patrolled and guarded Munda Airfield until they were ordered to assist the 172nd Infantry in clearing Arundel Island which they managed to secure on 21 August. Here they suffered 4 killed and 29 wounded. The regiment moved back to Munda, and defended the airstrip until 19 January 1944, when 3-169 was ordered to Vella Lavella to defend the airstrip there. The regiment then arrived in New Zealand for R&R on 1 March. The men had free time, furloughs, awards ceremonies, training exercises, and parades while in New Zealand.

Paragraph 22: In 1926, RCP hired its own full-time professional director and manager, Robert Stevens of New York City.  RCP was said to be the first community theater in the United States to hire a full-time director.  He was "engaged" for three weeks and stayed for 28 years, operating RCP until his retirement in 1953.   He was assisted for many years by scenic designer Milton Robinson, who retired in 1951.  Stevens was succeeded by George Warren and Harriet Warren.   For nearly 20 years, starting with the 1953–54 season, Mr. Warren acted as RCP's business manager and Mrs. Warren as the artistic director.  Over the following years, they were assisted by several set designers including Barry Tuttle, who produced Town and Country Summer Theater for many seasons in East Rochester, William Andia, who joined RCP's 20th season when he was 15, learned his theater craft and came back in 1960 to fill an emergency vacancy then stayed for three years more, and Betsy Hall, who worked as scenic designer from 1953 to 1976.  Mr. Tom Vawter also acted as scenic designer/T.D. from 1976 until the mid-1980s.  The Warrens came to Rochester in 1953 after 17 years of developing community theater in Jamestown, New York.  Their goal was to transform the socially elite image of RCP and hoped RCP would go professional, as had Buffalo's Studio Arena Theater, which had started as a community theater in 1927 and converted into a professional theater in 1965.  However, RCP remained a community theater during the Warren years.  George Warren died March 11, 1972, and Hattie Warren retired the next year.  Various full-time and part-time managers operated the theater over the next 25 years. The longest period being from 1987 to 1998 when Michael C. Krickmire held the full-time position of Producing/Artistic Director of RCP.   RCP has been managed entirely by volunteers since 1998. The Immediate Past President of RCP is Peter Scribner.  The current President of RCP is Michael C. Krickmire.

Paragraph 23: However, the full execution of this ordinance was quickly blocked.  The purging committee was set up but only functioned for 5 months.  The tax collectors named by the States-General met with hostility from peasants and poor craftsmen.  The six representatives on the guardianship counsel were in a minority and the States-General lacked the political experience to keep a permanent check on the Dauphin’s strength, as he took advice and rediscovered his officials' support.  The frequent displacements, costly and dangerous in this era, discouraged the provinces' representatives, and the states became less and less representative.  Little by little, only the Parisian middle class came to sit in the assemblies. But at last, the King, John the Good, keeping a good reputation and signing a two year truce with the prosecutors of the Prince of Wales, disavowed the Dauphin and, from his prison at Bordeaux, on 6 April 1357 banned the reforming ordinance from being applied.  Étienne Marcel and Robert le Coq protested to the Dauphin who, feeling confident in his support from the provinces (the provinces were not following the Parisian population's course of action), in the month of August forbade Marcel and his adherents from taking any part in government and announced that he would rule alone. Le Coq withdrew to his diocese; but Marcel remained at Paris, and took advantage of the Dauphin's departure (who had left to call the States-General together outside the capital) to organize resistance. From then on he planned to oppose the reigning branch of the Valois family, another part of the royal, and found in the person of the King of Navarre, Charles the Bad, already claiming the French throne. A "coup de main" arranged by Marcel enabled the King of Navarre to escape the castle of Ailleux where he was held, and the Dauphin returning to Paris without money, had to once again convene the States-General for 7 November; under pressure from the heads of the people, he granted his brother-in-law one safe conduct and authorization to return to Paris. On 13 January 1358, the States-General reassembled, but almost no nobles and very few churchmen attended. The representatives departed without having been able to come to an agreement on how to find subsidies. The following 23 January, the Dauphin prescribed an order authorizing the States-General to devalue the currency. Étienne Marcel, noting the failure of his attempts to control the monarchy by legislation, proclaimed he would attempt to control it by force. It does not put back in cause the necessity to have a sovereign one, but it must compose with the one that will leave to him the more of strength.  He did question the necessity of a sovereign, but it had to be composed with those who would most check his power.  He oscillated between the supposed weakness of the Dauphin and the avarice of Charles the Bad.

Paragraph 24: Within a few months of Governor George Burrington being in post, most members of his administration and council complained of his behaviour and William Smith, the Chief Justice, resigned in protest and left for England to complain about the governor to Whitehall officials at the Board of Trade.  In Smith's absence, Nathaniel Rice was appointed President of the Council towards the end of 1731.  By the following year Rice, the Attorney General and other members of the Council complained about the Governor's behaviour to the Duke of Newcastle. The complaints continued to flow in until finally Newcastle, in 1733, announced that Burrington would be replaced by a new governor - who did not arrive in post until the following year. Burrington had to remain in post for many months until his replacement arrived and when Smith returned from England to an enthusiastic reception from the Council, Burrington felt threatened.  He removed the seals of office from Nathaniel Rice to prevent him carrying out his duties and then dissolved the council. Meanwhile, on 15 April 1734, when Burrington was in South Carolina, Nathaniel Rice - as next senior councillor - assumed the governorship in his absence.  When the governor returned on 17 September 1734 he immediately suspended Rice from office, along with other councillors and alleged that Rice, Smith and Montgomery had attempted to assassinate him. By the end of September, however, Governor Burrington himself had been removed from office again, and a new governor, Gabriel Johnston, had arrived to take charge who immediately reinstated all those councillors Burrington had suspended. Nathaniel Rice worked alongside Governor Johnston throughout his term.  Rice was appointed a Commissioner of the Peace of New Hanover Precinct, a member of the General Court and Member of a Board of Commissioners to erect Fort Johnston. Burrington aside, Rice prospered in America where he probably had land acquisitions prior to his arriving in 1731 from his 1725 visit to South Carolina and he had a plantation on the south side of Old Town Creek in New Hanover County (most of the land owned by Nathaniel Rice later fell into newly formed Brunswick County, North Carolina), called 'Rice's Plantation'. Numerous land grants indicate he amassed some 6,000 acres of land and 17 slaves.  He was a vestryman at St Philip's Parish Church and was buried in the family vault near his home on 29 January 1753, Wilmington, North Carolina.

Paragraph 25: According to Statistics Denmark, Syrian migrants and their descendants are over-represented as perpetrators of crime. Male Syrian descendants are about 15 times more likely to commit violent crime. As of 2016, Syria-born male immigrants in Denmark aged 15-79 have a total crime index of 97 when adjusted for age only, with an adjustment of 61 for age and socioeconomic status. Their male descendants have a total crime index of 300 when adjusted for age only, with adjustments of 293 for age and socioeconomic status, 241 for age and family education, and 239 for age and family income. With regard to type of infringement, the male descendants of Syria-born individuals have a penal code crime index of 475 when adjusted for age only (with adjustments of 400 for age and socioeconomic status, 304 age and family education, and 278 for age and family income), of which the crime index when adjusted for age only is 552 for violent offences (with adjustments of 465 for age and socioeconomic status, 343 age and family education, and 319 for age and family income) and 421 for property offences (with adjustments of 356 for age and socioeconomic status, 268 age and family education, and 240 for age and family income). The crime index when adjusted for age only is 302 for traffic law (with adjustments of 315 for age and socioeconomic status, 259 for age and family education, and 274 for age and family income) and 315 for special laws (with adjustments of 297 for age and socioeconomic status, 249 age and family education, and 241 for age and family income). The average crime index among the general Danish population is set at 100 and percentage points above or below that baseline reflect greater or lesser prevalence, depending on a population's most common age group and its relative socioeconomic status. As of 2016, a total of 1,033 persons of Syrian origin were found guilty of crimes. Of these individuals, 923 were males and 110 were females, with males between the ages of 15-29 years (465 individuals) and 30-49 years (407 individuals) constituting most of the total. The most common types of offences were violations of traffic law (602 individuals, of which 570 breached the Road Traffic Act), followed by violations of the penal code (269 individuals, of which 176 made offences against property) and special laws (238 individuals, of which 117 breached other special laws). Most of the persons received a fine (869 individuals), with the remainder given unsuspended imprisonment (75 individuals), suspended imprisonment (71 individuals), withdrawal of charges (8 individuals), no charges (5 individuals), other decisions (3 individuals), or preventive measures (2 individuals).

Paragraph 26: In 1926, RCP hired its own full-time professional director and manager, Robert Stevens of New York City.  RCP was said to be the first community theater in the United States to hire a full-time director.  He was "engaged" for three weeks and stayed for 28 years, operating RCP until his retirement in 1953.   He was assisted for many years by scenic designer Milton Robinson, who retired in 1951.  Stevens was succeeded by George Warren and Harriet Warren.   For nearly 20 years, starting with the 1953–54 season, Mr. Warren acted as RCP's business manager and Mrs. Warren as the artistic director.  Over the following years, they were assisted by several set designers including Barry Tuttle, who produced Town and Country Summer Theater for many seasons in East Rochester, William Andia, who joined RCP's 20th season when he was 15, learned his theater craft and came back in 1960 to fill an emergency vacancy then stayed for three years more, and Betsy Hall, who worked as scenic designer from 1953 to 1976.  Mr. Tom Vawter also acted as scenic designer/T.D. from 1976 until the mid-1980s.  The Warrens came to Rochester in 1953 after 17 years of developing community theater in Jamestown, New York.  Their goal was to transform the socially elite image of RCP and hoped RCP would go professional, as had Buffalo's Studio Arena Theater, which had started as a community theater in 1927 and converted into a professional theater in 1965.  However, RCP remained a community theater during the Warren years.  George Warren died March 11, 1972, and Hattie Warren retired the next year.  Various full-time and part-time managers operated the theater over the next 25 years. The longest period being from 1987 to 1998 when Michael C. Krickmire held the full-time position of Producing/Artistic Director of RCP.   RCP has been managed entirely by volunteers since 1998. The Immediate Past President of RCP is Peter Scribner.  The current President of RCP is Michael C. Krickmire.

Paragraph 27: While this was happening, however, Li Huaiguang, angry that Emperor Dezong had apparently distrusted him due to his severe criticism against Lu Qi (whom Emperor Dezong was forced to exile due to Li Huaiguang's demands), was plotting for rebellion himself, and he began to absorb the forces of other imperial generals in order to strengthen himself in preparation.  Lu Zhi, seeing this, advocated peeling the armies that had been under other imperial generals away from Li Huaiguang generally, and it was said that it was due to Lu Zhi's advocacy that Li Sheng's army avoided being absorbed by Li Huaiguang.  However, Emperor Dezong did not follow Lu's suggestion on also peeling the armies of Li Jianhui (李建徽) and Yang Huiyuan (楊惠元) away from Li Huaiguang's, and when Li Huaiguang rebelled soon thereafter, he seized Li Jianhui's and Yang's as well.  As a result of Li Huaiguang's rebellion, Emperor Dezong was further forced to flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi).  During the flight to Liang Prefecture, Emperor Dezong became separated from Lu, and it was said that he panicked so much that he cried in fear, offering a great reward for someone who can locate Lu, and when Lu later met up with him, he was very pleased.  However, it was also said that because Lu was so blunt in his suggestions, the suspicious Emperor Dezong was also offended by him; therefore, such officials as Liu Congyi and Lu's imperial scholar colleague Jiang Gongfu were named chancellors at the time, while Lu, whose opinions Emperor Dezong valued, was not named chancellor.  While at Liang Prefecture, it was at Lu's suggestion that Emperor Dezong did not act against the general Li Chulin (李楚琳), who had previously been a rebel (under the reasoning that if Emperor Dezong did so, Li Chulin might rebel again and endanger imperial forces), but when Jiang was demoted for speaking against Emperor Dezong's building a pagoda for his deceased daughter Princess Tang'an, Lu's attempt to intercede for Jiang was ineffective in preventing Jiang from being demoted.  Lu also greatly advocated against a proposed alliance with Tufan on account that Tufan had treacherously attacked Tang on many occasions in the past, and when Tufan forces withdrew from the field after first promising to attack Zhu Ci (who had renamed his state Han) together, Lu, instead of showing distress, wrote a congratulatory submission to Emperor Dezong.

Paragraph 28: However, the full execution of this ordinance was quickly blocked.  The purging committee was set up but only functioned for 5 months.  The tax collectors named by the States-General met with hostility from peasants and poor craftsmen.  The six representatives on the guardianship counsel were in a minority and the States-General lacked the political experience to keep a permanent check on the Dauphin’s strength, as he took advice and rediscovered his officials' support.  The frequent displacements, costly and dangerous in this era, discouraged the provinces' representatives, and the states became less and less representative.  Little by little, only the Parisian middle class came to sit in the assemblies. But at last, the King, John the Good, keeping a good reputation and signing a two year truce with the prosecutors of the Prince of Wales, disavowed the Dauphin and, from his prison at Bordeaux, on 6 April 1357 banned the reforming ordinance from being applied.  Étienne Marcel and Robert le Coq protested to the Dauphin who, feeling confident in his support from the provinces (the provinces were not following the Parisian population's course of action), in the month of August forbade Marcel and his adherents from taking any part in government and announced that he would rule alone. Le Coq withdrew to his diocese; but Marcel remained at Paris, and took advantage of the Dauphin's departure (who had left to call the States-General together outside the capital) to organize resistance. From then on he planned to oppose the reigning branch of the Valois family, another part of the royal, and found in the person of the King of Navarre, Charles the Bad, already claiming the French throne. A "coup de main" arranged by Marcel enabled the King of Navarre to escape the castle of Ailleux where he was held, and the Dauphin returning to Paris without money, had to once again convene the States-General for 7 November; under pressure from the heads of the people, he granted his brother-in-law one safe conduct and authorization to return to Paris. On 13 January 1358, the States-General reassembled, but almost no nobles and very few churchmen attended. The representatives departed without having been able to come to an agreement on how to find subsidies. The following 23 January, the Dauphin prescribed an order authorizing the States-General to devalue the currency. Étienne Marcel, noting the failure of his attempts to control the monarchy by legislation, proclaimed he would attempt to control it by force. It does not put back in cause the necessity to have a sovereign one, but it must compose with the one that will leave to him the more of strength.  He did question the necessity of a sovereign, but it had to be composed with those who would most check his power.  He oscillated between the supposed weakness of the Dauphin and the avarice of Charles the Bad.