Paragraph 1: On June 20, 2009, at Dominion 6.20, Apollo 55 defeated Unione to earn another shot at the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship and, on July 5, they defeated The Motor City Machine Guns in a rematch to win the title, bringing it back to NJPW. Apollo 55 made their first successful title defense just fifteen days later against Unione. On September 13, Apollo 55 defeated The Motor City Machine Guns in a rubber match for their second successful title defense. On October 17, Apollo 55 entered the 2009 G1 Tag League, where they made it all the way to the finals on November 1, before losing to the heavyweight tag team of Giant Bernard and Karl Anderson. Before the end of the year, Apollo 55 made another successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, when they defeated Koji Kanemoto and Nobuo Yoshihashi on December 4. The team started off 2010 with their fourth successful defense, defeating the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) tag team of Averno and Último Guerrero on January 4 at Wrestle Kingdom IV in Tokyo Dome. On February 14, Apollo 55 made their fifth successful defense against Dick Togo and Gedo. Afterwards, Devitt was sidelined with an injury, which resulted in Taguchi vacating the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship on April 21. Devitt was, however, able to make his return for the Super J Tag Tournament 1st, a one-night, eight-team tournament used to determine the new champions. In the tournament, Apollo 55 made it all the way to the finals, before being defeated by El Samurai and Koji Kanemoto. Following the tournament, Devitt began breaking out as a singles wrestler, first winning the 2010 Best of the Super Juniors tournament on June 13 and then defeating Naomichi Marufuji for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship on June 19 at Dominion 6.19. On June 30, Devitt, Taguchi and Hirooki Goto, billed together as "Apollo 555", won the three-night J Sports Crown Openweight 6 Man Tag Tournament. On July 19, Devitt and Taguchi defeated El Samurai and Koji Kanemoto to regain the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship. However, after only one successful defense, they lost the title to DDT Pro-Wrestling representatives, Golden☆Lovers (Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi), on October 11 at Destruction '10. Apollo 55 received a rematch for the title on November 14 at a DDT event, but were again defeated by the Golden☆Lovers.

Paragraph 2: One year after the supposed suicide of his fiancée (Monica Welles) Alex Dennison invites his friends, some cast and crew from the play one year ago, to read through a new play, Killing Jessica. Along with the cast he invites another actor (Frank Heller) to pose as a police officer(Henry McElroy). During the reading of the scenes, some of the cast become unnerved by Jessica's similarity to the late Monica Welles and the scenes' similarity to reality. After reading a few scenes, the producer (Bella Lamb), director (Lloyd Andrews) and lead (David Matthews) demand to know what is Alex's true intentions are, leading him to reveal that the killer of Monica is in the theatre. Most of the cast and crew decides on leaving, but with aid of the false police officer and the unintentional aid of the producer (Bella Lamb), they are convinced of reading through more scenes. After reading the a few more scenes, they start to question Alex's mental state, leading to them to leave for the sake of Alex's mental health. However, Alex draws a revolver on his friends, forcing them to stay and keep reading through his scenes. After Alex is convinced that the comic (Leo Gibbs) killed Monica, he draws his revolver once more and fires upon Leo with blank cartridges. The lights go out after someone conspiring with Alex pulls the switch. The chaos leads to Frank Heller revealing what he knows about Monica's apartment the day she died. Alex his friends reveal that they knew that he was the killer all along, and all they wanted out of him was a confession. Frank reveals that Monica nearly slept with him after a fight with Alex, and so he used that as blackmail to get a large sum of money from Monica. After the meeting went wrong, he unintentionally killed Monica. The real Henry McElroy reveals that he was watching the whole time and comes to arrest Frank. Alex and his friends rejoice that the killer has been brought to justice after all this time. The play ends after his friends leave and Alex toasts with Monica's untouched glass; showing him making peace with this new reality.

Paragraph 3: Peace negotiations began in early 1725 in Boston with the Penobscot leaders Wenemouet and Sauguaaram.  Dummer led the negotiations, taking a hard line.  He refused in principle to halt settlement activities in contested territories, but allowed the Penobscots to retain a Roman Catholic priest.  He also pressured Wenemouet to bring Grey Lock and other Abenaki leaders to the peace table.  These talks led to a preliminary peace with only the Penobscots at the end of July 1725.  Wenemouet then took up the peace cause within the wider Wabanaki Confederacy, sending belts of wampum representing peace to the other tribes.  After a translation of the written treaty by a French priest revealed differences between what it stated and what was negotiated, Sauguaaram repudiated the written treaty in January 1726.  At a peace conference held in August 1726 the Penobscots attempted to argue against the offending language, but were convinced to sign the treaty anyway.  The Penobscots, despite their reservations, promoted this peace within the confederacy, and reported in March 1727 that all of the tribes except Grey Lock's band had agreed to it.  A final major peace conference held at Casco Bay in July 1727 formally closed hostilities, and included Dummer, New Hampshire's Acting Governor John Wentworth, Nova Scotia's military commander Paul Mascarene, and many representatives of the Wabanaki Confederacy.

Paragraph 4: Intending for the product to be customised and sold by other vendors, an emphasis was placed on a physical product design that would permit such customisation and offer a degree of modularity. Thus, a "basic keyboard unit" would be central in any eventual product configuration, being augmented by a telephone, display, storage, printer and other peripherals and accessories. Although Morgan had proposed an electroluminescent display within a lid folding shut over the keyboard in an arrangement that would become common with laptop computers, cost and reliability concerns directed the design towards an optional LCD display and the use of a separate monitor. Alongside the industrial design activity, Ram Bannerjee of Acorn's research and development division was directed to find existing Acorn-developed components that would fit in the physical unit to deliver "a smaller, neater, faster, sweeter machine". From August 1984, four engineers and a sales and marketing employee worked from Acorn's original premises to reconcile the functionality requirements of the product with the physical constraints imposed by the product design, eventually requesting only a minor modification to the height of the keyboard and a slight extension of the keyboard "to accommodate another row of function keys". The Communicator was envisaged as being an always-on device, capable of being programmed to access online services at predetermined times, and it was therefore decided not to provide a power switch on the unit itself.

Paragraph 5: Although institutional investors appear to be more sophisticated than retail investors, it remains unclear if professional active investment managers can reliably enhance risk-adjusted returns by an amount that exceeds fees and expenses of investment management, due to issues with limiting agency costs. Lending credence to doubts about active investors' ability to 'beat the market', passive index funds have gained traction with the rise of passive investors: the three biggest US asset managers together owned an average of 18% in the S&P 500 Index and together constituted the largest shareholder in 88% of the S&P 500 by 2015. The potential of institutional investors in infrastructure markets is increasingly noted after financial crises in the early twenty-first century.

Paragraph 6: In 1849 Whyte-Melville was the subject of a summons for maintenance by Elizabeth Gibbs, described as "a smartly-dressed and interesting looking young woman", who alleged that he was the father of her son. She stated that she had known Whyte-Melville since December 1846 and that she had given birth to his child on 15 September 1847. The Magistrate read some letters stated by Gibbs to be from Whyte-Melville, in one of which the writer expressed his wish that Gibbs would fix the paternity unto some other person as he did not wish to pay for the pleasure of others. The Magistrate found for the defendant as the written evidence could not be proved to be in Whyte-Melville's hand, but allowed the complainant to apply for a further summons in order to obtain proof. Gibbs testified that since the child was born, she had received £10 from Whyte-Melville, and he had offered her two sums of £5, on condition that she surrender his letters to her, and sign a disclaimer on further claims. The case continued on 25 September 1849. Gibbs' landlady, supported by her servant, testified that Gibbs was in the habit at the time of receiving visits from other gentlemen, particularly two, one of whom had paid for the nurse and supported Gibbs during her confinement. The magistrate said that there had definitely been perjury on one side or the other and dismissed the summons.

Paragraph 7: One year after the supposed suicide of his fiancée (Monica Welles) Alex Dennison invites his friends, some cast and crew from the play one year ago, to read through a new play, Killing Jessica. Along with the cast he invites another actor (Frank Heller) to pose as a police officer(Henry McElroy). During the reading of the scenes, some of the cast become unnerved by Jessica's similarity to the late Monica Welles and the scenes' similarity to reality. After reading a few scenes, the producer (Bella Lamb), director (Lloyd Andrews) and lead (David Matthews) demand to know what is Alex's true intentions are, leading him to reveal that the killer of Monica is in the theatre. Most of the cast and crew decides on leaving, but with aid of the false police officer and the unintentional aid of the producer (Bella Lamb), they are convinced of reading through more scenes. After reading the a few more scenes, they start to question Alex's mental state, leading to them to leave for the sake of Alex's mental health. However, Alex draws a revolver on his friends, forcing them to stay and keep reading through his scenes. After Alex is convinced that the comic (Leo Gibbs) killed Monica, he draws his revolver once more and fires upon Leo with blank cartridges. The lights go out after someone conspiring with Alex pulls the switch. The chaos leads to Frank Heller revealing what he knows about Monica's apartment the day she died. Alex his friends reveal that they knew that he was the killer all along, and all they wanted out of him was a confession. Frank reveals that Monica nearly slept with him after a fight with Alex, and so he used that as blackmail to get a large sum of money from Monica. After the meeting went wrong, he unintentionally killed Monica. The real Henry McElroy reveals that he was watching the whole time and comes to arrest Frank. Alex and his friends rejoice that the killer has been brought to justice after all this time. The play ends after his friends leave and Alex toasts with Monica's untouched glass; showing him making peace with this new reality.

Paragraph 8: After WrestleMania V, Demolition started a feud with The Twin Towers (Akeem and The Big Boss Man) and then a feud with The Brain Busters (Arn Anderson and Tully Blanchard), who were managed by Bobby "The Brain" Heenan. On the May 27, 1989 Saturday Night's Main Event XXI, the Brain Busters defeated Demolition by disqualification. They finally dropped the titles to the Brain Busters in a two out of three falls match on the July 29 Saturday Night's Main Event XXII (filmed July 18, 1989 in Worcester, Massachusetts at the Worcester Centrum) following outside interference from André the Giant who threw a chair into the ring for Anderson to use on Smash. As well as looking to regain the belts, Demolition sought revenge on André and closure on The Twin Towers. At SummerSlam 1989, King Duggan and Demolition defeated André and the Towers in a six-man tag team match (already advertised prior to the title change) where Darsow showcased his strength by body slamming both of the Twin Towers. Demolition focused on regaining the tag titles and restarted their feud with the Brain Busters. On the November 4 edition of Superstars (taped on October 2), Demolition defeated the Brain Busters to regain their tag titles and win their second WWF Tag Team Championship.

Paragraph 9: In the sport of cricket, a nightwatchman is a lower-order batsman who comes in to bat higher up the order than usual near the end of the day's play. The nightwatchman's job is to maintain most of the strike until the close of play (remaining in overnight after the end of the day's play, hence the name) and so protect other, more capable batsmen from being out cheaply in what may be a period of tiredness or in poor light at the end of the day, and then again the following morning when the batsmen have not yet ‘got their eye in', or when the early-morning conditions may favour the bowlers. The theory is that losing two top-order batsmen in quick succession would be worse than losing one top-order batsman and a tailender.

Paragraph 10: Although institutional investors appear to be more sophisticated than retail investors, it remains unclear if professional active investment managers can reliably enhance risk-adjusted returns by an amount that exceeds fees and expenses of investment management, due to issues with limiting agency costs. Lending credence to doubts about active investors' ability to 'beat the market', passive index funds have gained traction with the rise of passive investors: the three biggest US asset managers together owned an average of 18% in the S&P 500 Index and together constituted the largest shareholder in 88% of the S&P 500 by 2015. The potential of institutional investors in infrastructure markets is increasingly noted after financial crises in the early twenty-first century.

Paragraph 11: In the South the species is represented by the much larger gordius Sulz. (77 a), of which both sexes are bright yellow-red above, with very prominent and heavy black spots above and yellow instead of blue-grey underside to the hindwing. — There exist nearly all intergradations between gordius and the typical  form, for instance meliboeus Stgr. (77 a), in whose males, which are larger than alciphron, but smaller than most gordius, the yellowish red ground-colour breaks through the dark scaling, though it is less pure than in true gordius: in Greece, Asia Minor and North Persia; Greek specimens differ a little from those from  Anterior Asia, but the differences are not sufficient to justify a separate name. — granadensis Ribbe (77 b) has at the most the size of alciphron, being often even smaller, but the spots of the upperside are larger than even in gordius, with which it agrees in the bright yellowish red colour of the upperside; in Spain. — Among gordius there occur also aberrant specimens which are transitions to the name-typical form. Steffanelli described them as ab. intermedia from Boscolungo in Italy; the hindwing of the female is dark except for a yellowish red submarginal band. Also the black spots may vary in a similar way, as is the case in the preceding species of Chrysophanus: In ab. subfasciata Schultz (77 b), of which the type has been kindly lent to me for figuring, all the spots of the upperside are so large that those of the submarginal row are united to a band which is hardly interrupted by the veins. In ab. mutilata Schultz the ocelli situated in the cells on the underside are strongly developed, while the distal ones are nearly all absent. An aberration of gordius with the ocelli of the underside similarly reduced has received the name ab. evanescens Gillm. In ab. viduata Schultz, an aberration of alciphron, the ocelli of the underside are so weakly represented above that the upperside appears almost without spots, ab. infulvata Schultz is the name for females which are quite uniformly black-brown above, being even devoid of the reddish yellow submarginal band on the hindwing and corresponding to ab. nigra of hippothoe. The phenomenon often observed in hippothoe that the ocelli are modified into streaks is according to Schultz considerably rarer in alciphron; Schultz names such specimens ab. constricta. — Egg, as most Chrysophanus eggs, flattened, green-yellow, with the surface reticulate. Larva from August to early May, green, almost unicolorous, along the back and also on each side a whitish green longitudinal stripe shaded with dark; the head, which is only visible when feeding, black-brown; on Rumex. Pupa fastened near the ground by means of very thin threads, olive-green, with darker shadowy stripes. The butterflies are on the wing in June and July; they are less confined to definite restricted flight-places than the preceding species [hippothoe], but occur much more singly and like drier localities. They are busy visiting flowers, especially those of brambles at sunny waysides; gordius is especially fond of clusters of thyme and Sedum album according to Courvoisier, and ascends in the Alps up to 10 000 ft.

Paragraph 12: Team Penske announced on 13 January 2009 that for the 2009 IndyCar Series season, Power would replace Hélio Castroneves at the helm of the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara while Castroneves attended to his federal tax evasion charges. Power drove the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara to a sixth-place finish in the Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, the first race of the year. Following St. Petersburg, Castroneves was acquitted of all tax evasion charges and returned to the team for the following race at the Grand Prix of Long Beach. Roger Penske came prepared for this scenario, however, and had spare cars on hand for both St. Petersburg and Long Beach, employing the option beginning at Long Beach and continuing through five more races that season. Power's new car, the No. 12 Penske Racing Verizon Wireless Honda/Dallara was officially entered for the Long Beach Grand Prix late on Friday evening and all the setup data garnered from his two sessions in the No. 3 Dallara was successfully transferred over. Power stormed to a dominant pole position with the last-minute effort and ultimately finished 2nd to Dario Franchitti after leading 16 laps. Power was also entered in the same third car for the Indianapolis 500, in which he finished in fifth place after a pit crew gaffe on the final stop – while Power was running 2nd – cost him a shot at Castroneves for the victory. To reward Power for his efforts, he was retained by the team to drive in five more races in Toronto, Edmonton, Kentucky, Sonoma, and Homestead. His team was crewed by Penske's Rolex Sports Car Series team, as Power's races were specifically scheduled on their RSCS off-weekends. Power's dreams and efforts came to fruition when he captured his first IndyCar race win, driving the No. 12, in dominant fashion at the Rexall Edmonton Indy.

Paragraph 13: Although his life began and ended in Raleigh, North Carolina, the parts in between took him to the rest of the world. He was named after his paternal grandfather. His distinctive first and middle names were the result of a family tradition of using the names of states for offspring, begun by his great-grandfather. In addition to his grandfather's unusual name, his great-uncles were named Arkansas Delaware, Wisconsin Illinois, Oregon Minnesota, and Iowa Michigan Royster. They were usually called by their first and middle initials. These names were so unusual that for many years they were printed in the Ripley's Believe It or Not! series of books. Royster's father, Wilbur High Royster, owned and operated the Royster Candy Company in Raleigh, which in the early 1900s sold chocolate, peanut brittle, and other candies across the Carolinas and Virginia. His family also had a strong connection to the nearby  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Vermont's grandfather had taught Latin and Greek at the university, and his great-uncle Wisconsin Royster had helped create the medical school at UNC.  Vermont was a cousin of bandleader and radio personality Kay Kyser.

Paragraph 14: Team Penske announced on 13 January 2009 that for the 2009 IndyCar Series season, Power would replace Hélio Castroneves at the helm of the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara while Castroneves attended to his federal tax evasion charges. Power drove the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara to a sixth-place finish in the Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, the first race of the year. Following St. Petersburg, Castroneves was acquitted of all tax evasion charges and returned to the team for the following race at the Grand Prix of Long Beach. Roger Penske came prepared for this scenario, however, and had spare cars on hand for both St. Petersburg and Long Beach, employing the option beginning at Long Beach and continuing through five more races that season. Power's new car, the No. 12 Penske Racing Verizon Wireless Honda/Dallara was officially entered for the Long Beach Grand Prix late on Friday evening and all the setup data garnered from his two sessions in the No. 3 Dallara was successfully transferred over. Power stormed to a dominant pole position with the last-minute effort and ultimately finished 2nd to Dario Franchitti after leading 16 laps. Power was also entered in the same third car for the Indianapolis 500, in which he finished in fifth place after a pit crew gaffe on the final stop – while Power was running 2nd – cost him a shot at Castroneves for the victory. To reward Power for his efforts, he was retained by the team to drive in five more races in Toronto, Edmonton, Kentucky, Sonoma, and Homestead. His team was crewed by Penske's Rolex Sports Car Series team, as Power's races were specifically scheduled on their RSCS off-weekends. Power's dreams and efforts came to fruition when he captured his first IndyCar race win, driving the No. 12, in dominant fashion at the Rexall Edmonton Indy.

Paragraph 15: Peace negotiations began in early 1725 in Boston with the Penobscot leaders Wenemouet and Sauguaaram.  Dummer led the negotiations, taking a hard line.  He refused in principle to halt settlement activities in contested territories, but allowed the Penobscots to retain a Roman Catholic priest.  He also pressured Wenemouet to bring Grey Lock and other Abenaki leaders to the peace table.  These talks led to a preliminary peace with only the Penobscots at the end of July 1725.  Wenemouet then took up the peace cause within the wider Wabanaki Confederacy, sending belts of wampum representing peace to the other tribes.  After a translation of the written treaty by a French priest revealed differences between what it stated and what was negotiated, Sauguaaram repudiated the written treaty in January 1726.  At a peace conference held in August 1726 the Penobscots attempted to argue against the offending language, but were convinced to sign the treaty anyway.  The Penobscots, despite their reservations, promoted this peace within the confederacy, and reported in March 1727 that all of the tribes except Grey Lock's band had agreed to it.  A final major peace conference held at Casco Bay in July 1727 formally closed hostilities, and included Dummer, New Hampshire's Acting Governor John Wentworth, Nova Scotia's military commander Paul Mascarene, and many representatives of the Wabanaki Confederacy.

Paragraph 16: Although his life began and ended in Raleigh, North Carolina, the parts in between took him to the rest of the world. He was named after his paternal grandfather. His distinctive first and middle names were the result of a family tradition of using the names of states for offspring, begun by his great-grandfather. In addition to his grandfather's unusual name, his great-uncles were named Arkansas Delaware, Wisconsin Illinois, Oregon Minnesota, and Iowa Michigan Royster. They were usually called by their first and middle initials. These names were so unusual that for many years they were printed in the Ripley's Believe It or Not! series of books. Royster's father, Wilbur High Royster, owned and operated the Royster Candy Company in Raleigh, which in the early 1900s sold chocolate, peanut brittle, and other candies across the Carolinas and Virginia. His family also had a strong connection to the nearby  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Vermont's grandfather had taught Latin and Greek at the university, and his great-uncle Wisconsin Royster had helped create the medical school at UNC.  Vermont was a cousin of bandleader and radio personality Kay Kyser.

Paragraph 17: Although his life began and ended in Raleigh, North Carolina, the parts in between took him to the rest of the world. He was named after his paternal grandfather. His distinctive first and middle names were the result of a family tradition of using the names of states for offspring, begun by his great-grandfather. In addition to his grandfather's unusual name, his great-uncles were named Arkansas Delaware, Wisconsin Illinois, Oregon Minnesota, and Iowa Michigan Royster. They were usually called by their first and middle initials. These names were so unusual that for many years they were printed in the Ripley's Believe It or Not! series of books. Royster's father, Wilbur High Royster, owned and operated the Royster Candy Company in Raleigh, which in the early 1900s sold chocolate, peanut brittle, and other candies across the Carolinas and Virginia. His family also had a strong connection to the nearby  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Vermont's grandfather had taught Latin and Greek at the university, and his great-uncle Wisconsin Royster had helped create the medical school at UNC.  Vermont was a cousin of bandleader and radio personality Kay Kyser.

Paragraph 18: Although his life began and ended in Raleigh, North Carolina, the parts in between took him to the rest of the world. He was named after his paternal grandfather. His distinctive first and middle names were the result of a family tradition of using the names of states for offspring, begun by his great-grandfather. In addition to his grandfather's unusual name, his great-uncles were named Arkansas Delaware, Wisconsin Illinois, Oregon Minnesota, and Iowa Michigan Royster. They were usually called by their first and middle initials. These names were so unusual that for many years they were printed in the Ripley's Believe It or Not! series of books. Royster's father, Wilbur High Royster, owned and operated the Royster Candy Company in Raleigh, which in the early 1900s sold chocolate, peanut brittle, and other candies across the Carolinas and Virginia. His family also had a strong connection to the nearby  University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; Vermont's grandfather had taught Latin and Greek at the university, and his great-uncle Wisconsin Royster had helped create the medical school at UNC.  Vermont was a cousin of bandleader and radio personality Kay Kyser.

Paragraph 19: In the South the species is represented by the much larger gordius Sulz. (77 a), of which both sexes are bright yellow-red above, with very prominent and heavy black spots above and yellow instead of blue-grey underside to the hindwing. — There exist nearly all intergradations between gordius and the typical  form, for instance meliboeus Stgr. (77 a), in whose males, which are larger than alciphron, but smaller than most gordius, the yellowish red ground-colour breaks through the dark scaling, though it is less pure than in true gordius: in Greece, Asia Minor and North Persia; Greek specimens differ a little from those from  Anterior Asia, but the differences are not sufficient to justify a separate name. — granadensis Ribbe (77 b) has at the most the size of alciphron, being often even smaller, but the spots of the upperside are larger than even in gordius, with which it agrees in the bright yellowish red colour of the upperside; in Spain. — Among gordius there occur also aberrant specimens which are transitions to the name-typical form. Steffanelli described them as ab. intermedia from Boscolungo in Italy; the hindwing of the female is dark except for a yellowish red submarginal band. Also the black spots may vary in a similar way, as is the case in the preceding species of Chrysophanus: In ab. subfasciata Schultz (77 b), of which the type has been kindly lent to me for figuring, all the spots of the upperside are so large that those of the submarginal row are united to a band which is hardly interrupted by the veins. In ab. mutilata Schultz the ocelli situated in the cells on the underside are strongly developed, while the distal ones are nearly all absent. An aberration of gordius with the ocelli of the underside similarly reduced has received the name ab. evanescens Gillm. In ab. viduata Schultz, an aberration of alciphron, the ocelli of the underside are so weakly represented above that the upperside appears almost without spots, ab. infulvata Schultz is the name for females which are quite uniformly black-brown above, being even devoid of the reddish yellow submarginal band on the hindwing and corresponding to ab. nigra of hippothoe. The phenomenon often observed in hippothoe that the ocelli are modified into streaks is according to Schultz considerably rarer in alciphron; Schultz names such specimens ab. constricta. — Egg, as most Chrysophanus eggs, flattened, green-yellow, with the surface reticulate. Larva from August to early May, green, almost unicolorous, along the back and also on each side a whitish green longitudinal stripe shaded with dark; the head, which is only visible when feeding, black-brown; on Rumex. Pupa fastened near the ground by means of very thin threads, olive-green, with darker shadowy stripes. The butterflies are on the wing in June and July; they are less confined to definite restricted flight-places than the preceding species [hippothoe], but occur much more singly and like drier localities. They are busy visiting flowers, especially those of brambles at sunny waysides; gordius is especially fond of clusters of thyme and Sedum album according to Courvoisier, and ascends in the Alps up to 10 000 ft.

Paragraph 20: The squadron was relocated again to Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California in October 1965. In late May 1967, MACS-4 departed San Diego onboard the USS Hermitage (LSD-34) and landed in Danang, Republic of Vietnam.  The squadron was emplaced at the Monkey Mountain Facility on Monkey Mountain east of Danang and was the first to utilize the newly fielded Marine Tactical Data System (MTDS). They began operations on July 6, 1967. This site was chosen because of it was co-located with the HAWK Missile Batteries of the 1st Light Antiaircraft Missile Battalion and the United States Air Force's Panama Air Control Facility. The site also provided excellent line of sight to United States Seventh Fleet ships operating in Yankee Station in the Gulf of Tonkin. On September 1, 1967 the squadron was reassigned to the newly commissioned Marine Air Control Group 18 (MACG-18), 1st Marine Aircraft Wing. MACS-4 provided positive radar control for the Marine Corps' area of operations in I Corps Tactical Zone.  On 13 January 1971 at 0001, MACS-4 made its last tactical transmission in support of operations during the Vietnam War.  During its time in Vietnam utilizing MTDS, MACS-4 controlled or assisted 472,146 aircraft. The squadron departed Vietnam embarking on the USS Alamo (LSD-33) on January 31, 1971 to head back to MCAS Santa Ana, California.  The squadron was decommissioned the same day it left Vietnam and was reactivated on June 15, 1971 at Marine Corps Air Station Futenma in Okinawa, Japan remaining part of MACG-18.  Even though MACS-4 departed Vietnam on January 31, 1971 it maintained a small detachment of twenty Marines on top of Monkey Mountain to man the AN/TYQ-3 - Tactical Data Communications Central (TDCC).  The AN/TYQ-3 facilitated critical data exchange between the USAF and USN during the later stages of the Vietnam War.  This detachment remained in support of operations until 14 February 1973.

Paragraph 21: Team Penske announced on 13 January 2009 that for the 2009 IndyCar Series season, Power would replace Hélio Castroneves at the helm of the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara while Castroneves attended to his federal tax evasion charges. Power drove the No. 3 Team Penske Honda-Dallara to a sixth-place finish in the Grand Prix of St. Petersburg, the first race of the year. Following St. Petersburg, Castroneves was acquitted of all tax evasion charges and returned to the team for the following race at the Grand Prix of Long Beach. Roger Penske came prepared for this scenario, however, and had spare cars on hand for both St. Petersburg and Long Beach, employing the option beginning at Long Beach and continuing through five more races that season. Power's new car, the No. 12 Penske Racing Verizon Wireless Honda/Dallara was officially entered for the Long Beach Grand Prix late on Friday evening and all the setup data garnered from his two sessions in the No. 3 Dallara was successfully transferred over. Power stormed to a dominant pole position with the last-minute effort and ultimately finished 2nd to Dario Franchitti after leading 16 laps. Power was also entered in the same third car for the Indianapolis 500, in which he finished in fifth place after a pit crew gaffe on the final stop – while Power was running 2nd – cost him a shot at Castroneves for the victory. To reward Power for his efforts, he was retained by the team to drive in five more races in Toronto, Edmonton, Kentucky, Sonoma, and Homestead. His team was crewed by Penske's Rolex Sports Car Series team, as Power's races were specifically scheduled on their RSCS off-weekends. Power's dreams and efforts came to fruition when he captured his first IndyCar race win, driving the No. 12, in dominant fashion at the Rexall Edmonton Indy.