Paragraph 1: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 2: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 3: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 4: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 5: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 6: The Parisian experience led him to analyze the 'human condition' under a psychological profile. He had already started on this theme some years before, and it would accompany him throughout his artistic production. In the first half of the '60s he also experiments with different painting techniques, including materic textured painting that recall Rembrandt and Francis Bacon – as in L'Uscita dal Metrò e Composizione of 1963. In the same year, he undertook his fundamental research for a new figuration where the image is created from light; a modus operandi that characterized his entire career and of which he was a pioneer through an attentive and careful study of works by Piero della Francesca and Caravaggio. From the mid-1960s, his attention focused on the representation of mechanical objects and the waste of the consumer society; such as tubular and fences, immersed in a monotone light where the line between dignity and degradation is blurred and a sense of loneliness and anxiety pervades all. This sense of claustrophobia of the everyday is also found in the production of the first years of the 1970s. In the series of the Bocciatori  and  Interni , the use of cold light has a fundamental role in creating an uneasiness in the everyday situations and gestures represented, as well as in the play between solid and void. References to Vermeer's paintings have been made in relation to Verrusio's interpretation of rural life and still lifes. Here the light undergoes a tonal change to warmer colours, and normality becomes a solemn moment. Representative of these themes are the 'Still Lives with Figs and Lemons' and the portrait of Natuccio and Giovannina of 1975. The most abstract form of this poetic and pictorial approach is found in the series of the Sassi, which began almost a decade earlier during a visit to the Island of Elba. In this regard, Renzo Vespignani wrote:The lens is even smaller, and the search for an 'everything in focus' both cruel and unmoved together, burns every remaining twilight; the lens is focused and restricted as much as the conscience of the painter expands, and the object fills the canvas with no evidence of any effort. The world could be said to be reduced to a still life, but a still life – this still life – is elevated to the rank of absolute and pivotal phenomenon. It is a fatal mechanism that Verrusio realizes aggregating, overlapping, locking, around the same subject, the results of a more widespread observation: the pebble, smoothed by the wind from the sea, is found in every position possible, under every possible light, and is reborn countless times, totally possessed, in a succession of surfaces, curves, volumes, always the same and always different.

Paragraph 7: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 8: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 9: The Parisian experience led him to analyze the 'human condition' under a psychological profile. He had already started on this theme some years before, and it would accompany him throughout his artistic production. In the first half of the '60s he also experiments with different painting techniques, including materic textured painting that recall Rembrandt and Francis Bacon – as in L'Uscita dal Metrò e Composizione of 1963. In the same year, he undertook his fundamental research for a new figuration where the image is created from light; a modus operandi that characterized his entire career and of which he was a pioneer through an attentive and careful study of works by Piero della Francesca and Caravaggio. From the mid-1960s, his attention focused on the representation of mechanical objects and the waste of the consumer society; such as tubular and fences, immersed in a monotone light where the line between dignity and degradation is blurred and a sense of loneliness and anxiety pervades all. This sense of claustrophobia of the everyday is also found in the production of the first years of the 1970s. In the series of the Bocciatori  and  Interni , the use of cold light has a fundamental role in creating an uneasiness in the everyday situations and gestures represented, as well as in the play between solid and void. References to Vermeer's paintings have been made in relation to Verrusio's interpretation of rural life and still lifes. Here the light undergoes a tonal change to warmer colours, and normality becomes a solemn moment. Representative of these themes are the 'Still Lives with Figs and Lemons' and the portrait of Natuccio and Giovannina of 1975. The most abstract form of this poetic and pictorial approach is found in the series of the Sassi, which began almost a decade earlier during a visit to the Island of Elba. In this regard, Renzo Vespignani wrote:The lens is even smaller, and the search for an 'everything in focus' both cruel and unmoved together, burns every remaining twilight; the lens is focused and restricted as much as the conscience of the painter expands, and the object fills the canvas with no evidence of any effort. The world could be said to be reduced to a still life, but a still life – this still life – is elevated to the rank of absolute and pivotal phenomenon. It is a fatal mechanism that Verrusio realizes aggregating, overlapping, locking, around the same subject, the results of a more widespread observation: the pebble, smoothed by the wind from the sea, is found in every position possible, under every possible light, and is reborn countless times, totally possessed, in a succession of surfaces, curves, volumes, always the same and always different.

Paragraph 10: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 11: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 12: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 13: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 14: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 15: Western Airlines began serving Imperial County Airport in 1943 with Douglas DC-3 flights to Los Angeles via stops in San Diego and Long Beach, and was also flying nonstop to Yuma. Western's service ended in 1953.  Bonanza Air Lines, a "local service" air carrier as defined by the federal Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), began serving the airport in 1953, taking over the route of Western Airlines.  According to its March 1, 1953 system timetable, Bonanza listed its flights to the airport as service to El Centro and was operating Douglas DC-3 prop aircraft with a daily westbound routing of Phoenix-Blythe-Yuma-El Centro-San Diego-Santa Ana-Los Angeles.  Bonanza was also operating a daily eastbound DC-3 service at this time with routing of Los Angeles-Santa Ana-San Diego-El Centro-Yuma-Blythe-Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman-Las Vegas.  By 1963, Bonanza had retired the DC-3 from its fleet and was operating all flights into the airport with new Fairchild F-27 turboprops.  In 1964, the airline was operating nonstop F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and San Diego with one stop service to Phoenix via an intermediate stop in Yuma.  In 1968, Bonanza merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West which continued to serve the airport with the F-27 with nonstops to San Diego and Santa Ana (now John Wayne Airport) as well as direct flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix and Tucson. In late 1970, Air West was serving the airport with Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners with four flights a day including two nonstops to Los Angeles (LAX) and two direct flights to Phoenix (PHX) via an intermediate stop in Yuma (YUM).  At this same time, one of the DC-9 jet flights to LAX operated continuing, no change of plane service to Fresno, San Francisco, Portland, OR and Seattle via intermediate stops at other Air West destinations. Air West was renamed to Hughes Airwest in 1970. The DC-9 jet service was suspended in 1972 but reinstated during 1974 through 1975. By 1976 Hughes Airwest reverted to operating all F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and Santa Ana with direct service to Phoenix via a stop in Yuma. All Hughes Airwest service to El Centro ended in 1979 and was replaced by commuter carriers Cochise and Sun Aire Lines.

Paragraph 16: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 17: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 18: Western Airlines began serving Imperial County Airport in 1943 with Douglas DC-3 flights to Los Angeles via stops in San Diego and Long Beach, and was also flying nonstop to Yuma. Western's service ended in 1953.  Bonanza Air Lines, a "local service" air carrier as defined by the federal Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), began serving the airport in 1953, taking over the route of Western Airlines.  According to its March 1, 1953 system timetable, Bonanza listed its flights to the airport as service to El Centro and was operating Douglas DC-3 prop aircraft with a daily westbound routing of Phoenix-Blythe-Yuma-El Centro-San Diego-Santa Ana-Los Angeles.  Bonanza was also operating a daily eastbound DC-3 service at this time with routing of Los Angeles-Santa Ana-San Diego-El Centro-Yuma-Blythe-Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman-Las Vegas.  By 1963, Bonanza had retired the DC-3 from its fleet and was operating all flights into the airport with new Fairchild F-27 turboprops.  In 1964, the airline was operating nonstop F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and San Diego with one stop service to Phoenix via an intermediate stop in Yuma.  In 1968, Bonanza merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West which continued to serve the airport with the F-27 with nonstops to San Diego and Santa Ana (now John Wayne Airport) as well as direct flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix and Tucson. In late 1970, Air West was serving the airport with Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners with four flights a day including two nonstops to Los Angeles (LAX) and two direct flights to Phoenix (PHX) via an intermediate stop in Yuma (YUM).  At this same time, one of the DC-9 jet flights to LAX operated continuing, no change of plane service to Fresno, San Francisco, Portland, OR and Seattle via intermediate stops at other Air West destinations. Air West was renamed to Hughes Airwest in 1970. The DC-9 jet service was suspended in 1972 but reinstated during 1974 through 1975. By 1976 Hughes Airwest reverted to operating all F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and Santa Ana with direct service to Phoenix via a stop in Yuma. All Hughes Airwest service to El Centro ended in 1979 and was replaced by commuter carriers Cochise and Sun Aire Lines.

Paragraph 19: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 20: with St. Peter: – Starting from the meeting point of the parishes of St. Peter, St. James and St. Andrew and continuing in an easterly direction to its junction with the public road leading from Rock Hall Plantation to Rock Hall Village: then in a north- westerly direction along this public road to its junction at Rock Hall Tenantry with a track leading to Roebuck Village; then along this track in a generally northerly direction to its junction at Roebuck Village with the unclassified public road leading from Four Hills Plantation to Indian Ground; then continuing in a generally northerly direction along this road to its junction with the public road leading from Orange Hill Plantation to Welchtown Plantation; then continuing in a northerly direction along this road to its junction at Welchtown Plantation with the public road leading from Farley Hill to Portland; then in a north-westerly direction along this road to its junction at Portland with the public road called Highway 1; then in an easterly and northerly direction along Highway 1 to the junction at Diamond Comer with the public road called Highway B; then in a generally easterly direction along Highway B passing through Nicholas and Cherry Tree Hill to the junction of this road with the public road leading to Boscobelle; then in a north-easterly direction along this road to the junction with the private road leading to Fosters Funland; then in a generally easterly direction along this road and along the southern section of the loop at the end; and then continuing in an easterly direction to the sea.

Paragraph 21: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 22: The Parisian experience led him to analyze the 'human condition' under a psychological profile. He had already started on this theme some years before, and it would accompany him throughout his artistic production. In the first half of the '60s he also experiments with different painting techniques, including materic textured painting that recall Rembrandt and Francis Bacon – as in L'Uscita dal Metrò e Composizione of 1963. In the same year, he undertook his fundamental research for a new figuration where the image is created from light; a modus operandi that characterized his entire career and of which he was a pioneer through an attentive and careful study of works by Piero della Francesca and Caravaggio. From the mid-1960s, his attention focused on the representation of mechanical objects and the waste of the consumer society; such as tubular and fences, immersed in a monotone light where the line between dignity and degradation is blurred and a sense of loneliness and anxiety pervades all. This sense of claustrophobia of the everyday is also found in the production of the first years of the 1970s. In the series of the Bocciatori  and  Interni , the use of cold light has a fundamental role in creating an uneasiness in the everyday situations and gestures represented, as well as in the play between solid and void. References to Vermeer's paintings have been made in relation to Verrusio's interpretation of rural life and still lifes. Here the light undergoes a tonal change to warmer colours, and normality becomes a solemn moment. Representative of these themes are the 'Still Lives with Figs and Lemons' and the portrait of Natuccio and Giovannina of 1975. The most abstract form of this poetic and pictorial approach is found in the series of the Sassi, which began almost a decade earlier during a visit to the Island of Elba. In this regard, Renzo Vespignani wrote:The lens is even smaller, and the search for an 'everything in focus' both cruel and unmoved together, burns every remaining twilight; the lens is focused and restricted as much as the conscience of the painter expands, and the object fills the canvas with no evidence of any effort. The world could be said to be reduced to a still life, but a still life – this still life – is elevated to the rank of absolute and pivotal phenomenon. It is a fatal mechanism that Verrusio realizes aggregating, overlapping, locking, around the same subject, the results of a more widespread observation: the pebble, smoothed by the wind from the sea, is found in every position possible, under every possible light, and is reborn countless times, totally possessed, in a succession of surfaces, curves, volumes, always the same and always different.

Paragraph 23: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 24: with St. Peter: – Starting from the meeting point of the parishes of St. Peter, St. James and St. Andrew and continuing in an easterly direction to its junction with the public road leading from Rock Hall Plantation to Rock Hall Village: then in a north- westerly direction along this public road to its junction at Rock Hall Tenantry with a track leading to Roebuck Village; then along this track in a generally northerly direction to its junction at Roebuck Village with the unclassified public road leading from Four Hills Plantation to Indian Ground; then continuing in a generally northerly direction along this road to its junction with the public road leading from Orange Hill Plantation to Welchtown Plantation; then continuing in a northerly direction along this road to its junction at Welchtown Plantation with the public road leading from Farley Hill to Portland; then in a north-westerly direction along this road to its junction at Portland with the public road called Highway 1; then in an easterly and northerly direction along Highway 1 to the junction at Diamond Comer with the public road called Highway B; then in a generally easterly direction along Highway B passing through Nicholas and Cherry Tree Hill to the junction of this road with the public road leading to Boscobelle; then in a north-easterly direction along this road to the junction with the private road leading to Fosters Funland; then in a generally easterly direction along this road and along the southern section of the loop at the end; and then continuing in an easterly direction to the sea.

Paragraph 25: Since the release of Team Fortress 2, Valve has continually released free updates and patches through Steam for Windows, OS X, and Linux users; though most patches are used for improving the reliability of the software or to tweak gameplay changes, several patches have been used to introduce new features and gameplay modes, and are often associated with marketing materials such as comics or videos offered on the Team Fortress 2 website; this blog is also used to keep players up to date with the ongoing developments in Team Fortress 2. As of July 2012, each class has been given a dedicated patch that provides new weapons, items, and other gameplay changes; these class patches typically included the release of the class's "Meet the Team" video. Other major patches have included new gameplay modes including the Payload, Payload Race, Training, Highlander, Medieval, and Mann vs. Machine modes. Themed patches have also been released, such as a yearly Halloween-themed event called "Scream Fortress", where players may obtain unique items available only during a set period around the holiday. Other new features have given players the ability to craft items within the game from other items, trade items with other players, purchase in-game items through funds in Steam, and save and edit replay videos that can be posted to YouTube.

Paragraph 26: Reitman was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, to poor Russian Jewish immigrants in 1879, and grew up in Chicago. At the age of ten, he became a hobo, but returned to Chicago and worked in the Polyclinic Laboratory as a "laboratory boy". In 1900, he entered the College of Physicians and Surgeons in Chicago, completing his medical studies in 1904. During this time he was briefly married; he and his wife had a daughter together. His wife was Mae Schwartz, and their daughter was "Jan Gay" (Helen Reitman), the author, nudism advocate, and founder of the nudist Out-of-Door Club at Highland, New York.

Paragraph 27: Part II, "The Life of the Good Anna", fills in the background.  Born in Germany, in her teens Anna emigrates to "the far South", where her mother dies of consumption. She moves to Bridgepoint near her brother, a baker, and takes charge of the household of Miss Mary Wadsmith and her young nephew and niece, who are orphans. Little Jane resists Anna’s strong will, but after Anna has provoked a showdown becomes "careful and respectful" and even gives Anna a green parrot. When after six years Jane is finally married, Anna refuses to follow Miss Mary in the new household. Mrs. Lehntman, a widow and midwife who "was the romance of Anna’s life", helps Anna tell Miss Wadsmith that she cannot accompany her. Anna then goes to work for Doctor Shonjen, a hearty bachelor, with whom she gets along. Previously Shonjen has operated on her, and Anna’s general health remains poor: she has headaches and is "thin and worn". When Mrs. Lehntman, who has two careless children, adopts a baby without consulting Anna, the latter is offended and spends more time with another large working family, the Drehtens. She also visits her brother the baker, but has trouble with her sister-in-law, though she eventually helps with her savings when her god-daughter niece is married. Mrs. Lehntman rashly decides to open a boarding house, and Anna despite her misgivings lends her the necessary money, for "Romance is the ideal in one’s life and it is very lonely living with it lost". Having been once defeated in the matter of Johnny's adoption, she can no longer impose her will in the relationship. ("In friendship, power always has its downward curve.") When Dr. Shonjen marries a "proud" and "unpleasant" woman, Anna seeks a new position. Encouraged by a fortune-teller, she goes to work for Miss Mathilda, and these are her happiest years, until finally her ailing favorite dog Baby dies and Miss Mathilda leaves permanently for Europe.

Paragraph 28: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 29: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 30: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 31: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 32: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 33: Western Airlines began serving Imperial County Airport in 1943 with Douglas DC-3 flights to Los Angeles via stops in San Diego and Long Beach, and was also flying nonstop to Yuma. Western's service ended in 1953.  Bonanza Air Lines, a "local service" air carrier as defined by the federal Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), began serving the airport in 1953, taking over the route of Western Airlines.  According to its March 1, 1953 system timetable, Bonanza listed its flights to the airport as service to El Centro and was operating Douglas DC-3 prop aircraft with a daily westbound routing of Phoenix-Blythe-Yuma-El Centro-San Diego-Santa Ana-Los Angeles.  Bonanza was also operating a daily eastbound DC-3 service at this time with routing of Los Angeles-Santa Ana-San Diego-El Centro-Yuma-Blythe-Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman-Las Vegas.  By 1963, Bonanza had retired the DC-3 from its fleet and was operating all flights into the airport with new Fairchild F-27 turboprops.  In 1964, the airline was operating nonstop F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and San Diego with one stop service to Phoenix via an intermediate stop in Yuma.  In 1968, Bonanza merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West which continued to serve the airport with the F-27 with nonstops to San Diego and Santa Ana (now John Wayne Airport) as well as direct flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix and Tucson. In late 1970, Air West was serving the airport with Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners with four flights a day including two nonstops to Los Angeles (LAX) and two direct flights to Phoenix (PHX) via an intermediate stop in Yuma (YUM).  At this same time, one of the DC-9 jet flights to LAX operated continuing, no change of plane service to Fresno, San Francisco, Portland, OR and Seattle via intermediate stops at other Air West destinations. Air West was renamed to Hughes Airwest in 1970. The DC-9 jet service was suspended in 1972 but reinstated during 1974 through 1975. By 1976 Hughes Airwest reverted to operating all F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and Santa Ana with direct service to Phoenix via a stop in Yuma. All Hughes Airwest service to El Centro ended in 1979 and was replaced by commuter carriers Cochise and Sun Aire Lines.

Paragraph 34: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 35: Western Airlines began serving Imperial County Airport in 1943 with Douglas DC-3 flights to Los Angeles via stops in San Diego and Long Beach, and was also flying nonstop to Yuma. Western's service ended in 1953.  Bonanza Air Lines, a "local service" air carrier as defined by the federal Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), began serving the airport in 1953, taking over the route of Western Airlines.  According to its March 1, 1953 system timetable, Bonanza listed its flights to the airport as service to El Centro and was operating Douglas DC-3 prop aircraft with a daily westbound routing of Phoenix-Blythe-Yuma-El Centro-San Diego-Santa Ana-Los Angeles.  Bonanza was also operating a daily eastbound DC-3 service at this time with routing of Los Angeles-Santa Ana-San Diego-El Centro-Yuma-Blythe-Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman-Las Vegas.  By 1963, Bonanza had retired the DC-3 from its fleet and was operating all flights into the airport with new Fairchild F-27 turboprops.  In 1964, the airline was operating nonstop F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and San Diego with one stop service to Phoenix via an intermediate stop in Yuma.  In 1968, Bonanza merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West which continued to serve the airport with the F-27 with nonstops to San Diego and Santa Ana (now John Wayne Airport) as well as direct flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix and Tucson. In late 1970, Air West was serving the airport with Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners with four flights a day including two nonstops to Los Angeles (LAX) and two direct flights to Phoenix (PHX) via an intermediate stop in Yuma (YUM).  At this same time, one of the DC-9 jet flights to LAX operated continuing, no change of plane service to Fresno, San Francisco, Portland, OR and Seattle via intermediate stops at other Air West destinations. Air West was renamed to Hughes Airwest in 1970. The DC-9 jet service was suspended in 1972 but reinstated during 1974 through 1975. By 1976 Hughes Airwest reverted to operating all F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and Santa Ana with direct service to Phoenix via a stop in Yuma. All Hughes Airwest service to El Centro ended in 1979 and was replaced by commuter carriers Cochise and Sun Aire Lines.

Paragraph 36: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 37: with St. Peter: – Starting from the meeting point of the parishes of St. Peter, St. James and St. Andrew and continuing in an easterly direction to its junction with the public road leading from Rock Hall Plantation to Rock Hall Village: then in a north- westerly direction along this public road to its junction at Rock Hall Tenantry with a track leading to Roebuck Village; then along this track in a generally northerly direction to its junction at Roebuck Village with the unclassified public road leading from Four Hills Plantation to Indian Ground; then continuing in a generally northerly direction along this road to its junction with the public road leading from Orange Hill Plantation to Welchtown Plantation; then continuing in a northerly direction along this road to its junction at Welchtown Plantation with the public road leading from Farley Hill to Portland; then in a north-westerly direction along this road to its junction at Portland with the public road called Highway 1; then in an easterly and northerly direction along Highway 1 to the junction at Diamond Comer with the public road called Highway B; then in a generally easterly direction along Highway B passing through Nicholas and Cherry Tree Hill to the junction of this road with the public road leading to Boscobelle; then in a north-easterly direction along this road to the junction with the private road leading to Fosters Funland; then in a generally easterly direction along this road and along the southern section of the loop at the end; and then continuing in an easterly direction to the sea.

Paragraph 38: For example, in sonar, to send a sharp pulse of underwater sound towards a ship in the distance, simply simultaneously transmitting that sharp pulse from every sonar projector in an array fails because the ship will first hear the pulse from the speaker that happens to be nearest the ship, then later pulses from speakers that happen to be further from the ship. The beamforming technique involves sending the pulse from each projector at slightly different times (the projector closest to the ship last), so that every pulse hits the ship at exactly the same time, producing the effect of a single strong pulse from a single powerful projector. The same technique can be carried out in air using loudspeakers, or in radar/radio using antennas.

Paragraph 39: Reitman was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota, to poor Russian Jewish immigrants in 1879, and grew up in Chicago. At the age of ten, he became a hobo, but returned to Chicago and worked in the Polyclinic Laboratory as a "laboratory boy". In 1900, he entered the College of Physicians and Surgeons in Chicago, completing his medical studies in 1904. During this time he was briefly married; he and his wife had a daughter together. His wife was Mae Schwartz, and their daughter was "Jan Gay" (Helen Reitman), the author, nudism advocate, and founder of the nudist Out-of-Door Club at Highland, New York.

Paragraph 40: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 41: Western Airlines began serving Imperial County Airport in 1943 with Douglas DC-3 flights to Los Angeles via stops in San Diego and Long Beach, and was also flying nonstop to Yuma. Western's service ended in 1953.  Bonanza Air Lines, a "local service" air carrier as defined by the federal Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), began serving the airport in 1953, taking over the route of Western Airlines.  According to its March 1, 1953 system timetable, Bonanza listed its flights to the airport as service to El Centro and was operating Douglas DC-3 prop aircraft with a daily westbound routing of Phoenix-Blythe-Yuma-El Centro-San Diego-Santa Ana-Los Angeles.  Bonanza was also operating a daily eastbound DC-3 service at this time with routing of Los Angeles-Santa Ana-San Diego-El Centro-Yuma-Blythe-Phoenix-Prescott-Kingman-Las Vegas.  By 1963, Bonanza had retired the DC-3 from its fleet and was operating all flights into the airport with new Fairchild F-27 turboprops.  In 1964, the airline was operating nonstop F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and San Diego with one stop service to Phoenix via an intermediate stop in Yuma.  In 1968, Bonanza merged with Pacific Air Lines and West Coast Airlines to form Air West which continued to serve the airport with the F-27 with nonstops to San Diego and Santa Ana (now John Wayne Airport) as well as direct flights to Los Angeles, Phoenix and Tucson. In late 1970, Air West was serving the airport with Douglas DC-9-10 and McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30 jetliners with four flights a day including two nonstops to Los Angeles (LAX) and two direct flights to Phoenix (PHX) via an intermediate stop in Yuma (YUM).  At this same time, one of the DC-9 jet flights to LAX operated continuing, no change of plane service to Fresno, San Francisco, Portland, OR and Seattle via intermediate stops at other Air West destinations. Air West was renamed to Hughes Airwest in 1970. The DC-9 jet service was suspended in 1972 but reinstated during 1974 through 1975. By 1976 Hughes Airwest reverted to operating all F-27 propjet flights to Los Angeles and Santa Ana with direct service to Phoenix via a stop in Yuma. All Hughes Airwest service to El Centro ended in 1979 and was replaced by commuter carriers Cochise and Sun Aire Lines.

Paragraph 42: In 1849 he returned to Cologne as the cathedral's vicar and established Cologne's branch of the Gesellenverein. "Initially his objective was to provide a home-away-from- home for young apprentices and journeymen while they learned a trade that would enable them to make a decent and honest living." The Cologne society soon acquired its own home, and opened therein a hospice for young traveling journeymen. In his efforts to develop the work Kolping was energetic and undaunted. He was eloquent both as speaker and writer. He visited the great industrial centres of Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Hungary. In 1850 he united the existing associations as the "Rheinischer Gesellenbund" – this fusion was the origin of the present international "Kolpingwerk". In 1854 he founded the newspaper "Rheinische Volksblätter" (or the "Rhine Region People’s Paper") which quickly became one of the most successful press organs of his time. He was the editor of the Catholic People's Calendar from 1852 to 1853 and of the Calendar for the Catholic People from 1854 to 1855. In 1862 he became the rector of the Saint Maria Empfängnis church in Cologne. Pope Pius IX titled him as a Monsignor in 1862 – this came about after the pair met in Rome in a private audience in May to discuss the priest's work. By 1865, over 400 local groups of the journeymen’s organization had been established and were functioning throughout Europe and in America.

Paragraph 43: The three Sisters of the Dark and Kahlan follow Sister Tovi's trail to Caska, where they are surprised to find not Tovi (who has been dead since the end of the previous book), but Jagang waiting for them. Jagang once again proves that he is a master strategist by revealing that he had never left the Sisters of the Dark's minds and that by tricking them into thinking their fake bond with Richard was working, he learned much from their quest. He also captures Kahlan, him being able to see her because he was linked to the Dark Sister when they performed the Chainfire spell on Kahlan, and was therefore unaffected by it. Meanwhile, while traveling back to the Wizard's Keep through the Sliph, Richard is attacked by Jagang's beast and magic conjured by the previously thought to be dead Princess Violet (now Queen Violet at Six's instruction), causing him to become separated from his power. The Sliph instigates "emergency measures" instilled in her thousands of years ago by First Wizard Barracus and shunts Richard to an emergency escape portal somewhere in the wilds close to the land of the Night Wisps. Richard must pass a test Barracus left for him before the Sliph will tell him why he needs to see the Night Wisps. After a brief visit to the land of the Night Wisps to recover a secret book left by the War Wizard Barracus (who left the outfit and ruby pendant),  Secrets of a War Wizard's Power.  Richard is captured by Six and taken to Tamarang. There, he hides Secrets of a War Wizard's Power in the room that he was tortured in during Wizard's First Rule, deciding that regardless of what happens to him, he cannot let anyone find the book that Barracus hid for 3000 years for him. While being taken to Violet, Richard attempts an escape killing dozens of Imperial Order soldiers. The commanding officer is impressed with his skill and takes Richard away as a captive to become a player of Ja'La dh Jin (Game of Life) on his division's team.

Paragraph 44: Since the release of Team Fortress 2, Valve has continually released free updates and patches through Steam for Windows, OS X, and Linux users; though most patches are used for improving the reliability of the software or to tweak gameplay changes, several patches have been used to introduce new features and gameplay modes, and are often associated with marketing materials such as comics or videos offered on the Team Fortress 2 website; this blog is also used to keep players up to date with the ongoing developments in Team Fortress 2. As of July 2012, each class has been given a dedicated patch that provides new weapons, items, and other gameplay changes; these class patches typically included the release of the class's "Meet the Team" video. Other major patches have included new gameplay modes including the Payload, Payload Race, Training, Highlander, Medieval, and Mann vs. Machine modes. Themed patches have also been released, such as a yearly Halloween-themed event called "Scream Fortress", where players may obtain unique items available only during a set period around the holiday. Other new features have given players the ability to craft items within the game from other items, trade items with other players, purchase in-game items through funds in Steam, and save and edit replay videos that can be posted to YouTube.

Paragraph 45: The Parisian experience led him to analyze the 'human condition' under a psychological profile. He had already started on this theme some years before, and it would accompany him throughout his artistic production. In the first half of the '60s he also experiments with different painting techniques, including materic textured painting that recall Rembrandt and Francis Bacon – as in L'Uscita dal Metrò e Composizione of 1963. In the same year, he undertook his fundamental research for a new figuration where the image is created from light; a modus operandi that characterized his entire career and of which he was a pioneer through an attentive and careful study of works by Piero della Francesca and Caravaggio. From the mid-1960s, his attention focused on the representation of mechanical objects and the waste of the consumer society; such as tubular and fences, immersed in a monotone light where the line between dignity and degradation is blurred and a sense of loneliness and anxiety pervades all. This sense of claustrophobia of the everyday is also found in the production of the first years of the 1970s. In the series of the Bocciatori  and  Interni , the use of cold light has a fundamental role in creating an uneasiness in the everyday situations and gestures represented, as well as in the play between solid and void. References to Vermeer's paintings have been made in relation to Verrusio's interpretation of rural life and still lifes. Here the light undergoes a tonal change to warmer colours, and normality becomes a solemn moment. Representative of these themes are the 'Still Lives with Figs and Lemons' and the portrait of Natuccio and Giovannina of 1975. The most abstract form of this poetic and pictorial approach is found in the series of the Sassi, which began almost a decade earlier during a visit to the Island of Elba. In this regard, Renzo Vespignani wrote:The lens is even smaller, and the search for an 'everything in focus' both cruel and unmoved together, burns every remaining twilight; the lens is focused and restricted as much as the conscience of the painter expands, and the object fills the canvas with no evidence of any effort. The world could be said to be reduced to a still life, but a still life – this still life – is elevated to the rank of absolute and pivotal phenomenon. It is a fatal mechanism that Verrusio realizes aggregating, overlapping, locking, around the same subject, the results of a more widespread observation: the pebble, smoothed by the wind from the sea, is found in every position possible, under every possible light, and is reborn countless times, totally possessed, in a succession of surfaces, curves, volumes, always the same and always different.