Paragraph 1: A 2014 edition of Faraon, in Poland, is furnished by Andrzej Niwiński, professor of Egyptian archaeology at the University of Warsaw, with extensive annotations. Though Prus was not a historian and, apart from Pharaoh, wrote no other historical novel, it is regarded as superior to any other novel on ancient Egypt. From available sources, Prus drew information and authentic ancient texts and worked them, as vital elements, into his masterpiece. Regardless of occasional anachronisms, anatopisms, and errors in description of some realia, the novel has well stood the test of time. In spite of translations into many languages, however, it still remains little known in the wider world.

Paragraph 2: The band began writing and recording for their second album in the fall of 2012. The band launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund a record with Brian McTernan (Circa Survive, Senses Fail, Thrice). They met their goal and began recording in the winter of 2012. The band went on to play "The Road To Unsilent Night 2012" supporting Lions Lions and Carousel Kings. The band's single "Leaving Here" was released via iTunes on March 5, 2013. This song was produced by Brian McTernan of Salad Days Studio in Baltimore, Maryland. The band provided support to Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! on the “Pardon My French” tour (March–April 2013) with other support from For All Those Sleeping and Upon This Dawning. Due to Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! being added to the A Day To Remember tour; Veara, Handguns and State Champs were added to revised dates. City Lights provided direct support to Beartooth on the "Best Friends 4 Lyfe Tour" (August 2013) throughout northern North America and a solo Canadian date. Throughout August 2013, the band also played sporadic shows throughout the northeast. City Lights provided support to A Loss For Words and Hand Guns on their co-headlining "The Lost Boys Tour" (October - November 2013) with additional support from Major League, Stickup Kid, The Sheds, and Light Years. On October 17, 2013, the band announced that they will be releasing their second record entitled The Way Things Should Be on December 10, 2013, through InVogue. The first single and pre-orders were scheduled to be launched officially on October 31, 2013; however iTunes released their pre-order with instant download of the single "Promises" on October 29, 2013. On October 30, 2013, on the band released a lyric video for "Promises" via YouTube. On November 5, 2013, Third Eye Guitars announced their endorsement of City Lights; and on November 10, 2013, the band announced that their cd release show for The Way Things Should Be would take place on December 10, 2013, at Skully's Music Diner in Columbus, Ohio with support from Dear Christie, Push Ahead, Here Comes Quincy (formerly Goodnight, You), Everyone Leaves, Carev Dvor, and Movehome. On November 12, 2013, the band released their second single entitled "Jeremy's Song," featuring Matty Arsenault of A Loss For Words. On November 20, 2013, the band announced their scheduled date to begin filming a music video for an undisclosed track on November 27, 2013, at Skate Naked in Columbus, Ohio. On November 27, 2013, the band released the newest single track entitled "Truth Is" via YouTube. The band streamed The Way Things Should Be via YouTube at midnight on December 5, 2013. On December 5, 2013, the band released The Way Things Should Be live stream; and on December 8, 2013, the band released the music video for "See You At The Top," both via YouTube. On December 9, 2013, the band released The Way Things Should Be to all Kickstarter campaign supporters; and was featured on Idobi Radio's online takeover, streaming the new album at 6 p.m. EST on Idobi.com. The Way Things Should Be was released on December 10, 2013, as scheduled. On December 19, 2013 The Way Things Should Be reached #23 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. City Lights closed out the year by playing "Snowed In 2013" with Real Friends, Light Years, and Citizen. According to Beartooth's Facebook page, Kamron Bradbury was named an official member in January 2014 and is no longer a part of City Lights.

Paragraph 3: He wrote Mirrors and Windows: American Photography Since 1960 (1978) identifying a dichotomy between strategies of pictorial expression in American photography; "It seems to this viewer that the difference between [Minor] White and [Robert] Frank relates to the difference between the goal of self-expression and the goal of exploration." Though not all photographers in the book are American (Frank was Swiss, for example), the pictures were taken and/or exhibited there. The publication is divided almost equally into Parts I (pps. 29–86) and II (pps. 87–148). His 'Mirror' analogy represents self-reflective photography, represented in the book by Jerry N. Uelsmann, Paul Caponigro, Joseph Bellanca, Gianni Penati, Ralph Gibson, Duane Michals, Judy Dater and others; while the idea of the 'Window' is found in the documentary approach, exemplified by inclusions of work by Diane Arbus, Lee Friedlander, Henry Wessel, Joel Meyerowitz, and Garry Winogrand.

Paragraph 4: The band began writing and recording for their second album in the fall of 2012. The band launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund a record with Brian McTernan (Circa Survive, Senses Fail, Thrice). They met their goal and began recording in the winter of 2012. The band went on to play "The Road To Unsilent Night 2012" supporting Lions Lions and Carousel Kings. The band's single "Leaving Here" was released via iTunes on March 5, 2013. This song was produced by Brian McTernan of Salad Days Studio in Baltimore, Maryland. The band provided support to Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! on the “Pardon My French” tour (March–April 2013) with other support from For All Those Sleeping and Upon This Dawning. Due to Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! being added to the A Day To Remember tour; Veara, Handguns and State Champs were added to revised dates. City Lights provided direct support to Beartooth on the "Best Friends 4 Lyfe Tour" (August 2013) throughout northern North America and a solo Canadian date. Throughout August 2013, the band also played sporadic shows throughout the northeast. City Lights provided support to A Loss For Words and Hand Guns on their co-headlining "The Lost Boys Tour" (October - November 2013) with additional support from Major League, Stickup Kid, The Sheds, and Light Years. On October 17, 2013, the band announced that they will be releasing their second record entitled The Way Things Should Be on December 10, 2013, through InVogue. The first single and pre-orders were scheduled to be launched officially on October 31, 2013; however iTunes released their pre-order with instant download of the single "Promises" on October 29, 2013. On October 30, 2013, on the band released a lyric video for "Promises" via YouTube. On November 5, 2013, Third Eye Guitars announced their endorsement of City Lights; and on November 10, 2013, the band announced that their cd release show for The Way Things Should Be would take place on December 10, 2013, at Skully's Music Diner in Columbus, Ohio with support from Dear Christie, Push Ahead, Here Comes Quincy (formerly Goodnight, You), Everyone Leaves, Carev Dvor, and Movehome. On November 12, 2013, the band released their second single entitled "Jeremy's Song," featuring Matty Arsenault of A Loss For Words. On November 20, 2013, the band announced their scheduled date to begin filming a music video for an undisclosed track on November 27, 2013, at Skate Naked in Columbus, Ohio. On November 27, 2013, the band released the newest single track entitled "Truth Is" via YouTube. The band streamed The Way Things Should Be via YouTube at midnight on December 5, 2013. On December 5, 2013, the band released The Way Things Should Be live stream; and on December 8, 2013, the band released the music video for "See You At The Top," both via YouTube. On December 9, 2013, the band released The Way Things Should Be to all Kickstarter campaign supporters; and was featured on Idobi Radio's online takeover, streaming the new album at 6 p.m. EST on Idobi.com. The Way Things Should Be was released on December 10, 2013, as scheduled. On December 19, 2013 The Way Things Should Be reached #23 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. City Lights closed out the year by playing "Snowed In 2013" with Real Friends, Light Years, and Citizen. According to Beartooth's Facebook page, Kamron Bradbury was named an official member in January 2014 and is no longer a part of City Lights.

Paragraph 5: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 6: Whilst the Wickses holiday in Dorset, Carly is unwittingly introduced to her estranged mother Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), and despite Kevin's best efforts, Shirley traces them to Walford and makes herself known to Carly and Deano. Carly rejects her mother, incensed that she had abandoned her for so many years. Further animosity occurs when Carly discovers Kevin is not her biological father, and Shirley had a one-night stand with a man named Daniel. She rejects Kevin, branding him a phoney. Devastated, Kevin runs away, and in his absence Carly momentarily bonds with Shirley, though it is short-lived and when Kevin returns, she reconciles with him, and is once again hostile to Shirley, spitting in her face on one occasion. Carly's stepsister Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) sets her up on a date with salesman Warren Stamp (Will Mellor), even though Preeti Choraria (Babita Pohoomull) had endured a bad experience on a prior date with him. Chelsea does this as she wants to eliminate Carly as competition for her boyfriend Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky), who has been flirting with her. Carly is almost raped by Warren, but is rescued by Sean. Carly and Sean have sex and then begin dating, and when Carly tells Chelsea a feud erupts. This leads to Chelsea and Deano's attempt to frame Sean for an assault on Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). Sean is imprisoned and is only released when Carly hands stolen CCTV footage exonerating him over to the police, betraying her brother and Chelsea who are arrested for perverting the course of justice. Carly's relationship with Sean ends however, when Sean arranges for Deano to be beaten up by a gang of thugs. Carly believes her family will not forgive her betrayal, so she leaves Walford and takes a job in a gay bar. Deano flees to stay with her in October, fearing Sean and his trial the following day. Carly helps Deano face up to his responsibilities and returns to walford to support her family when Deano is sentenced to six months in prison.

Paragraph 7: At this stage there were two platforms with a footbridge, the second being an island between the two passenger lines, and another for the branch. The two subsidiary platforms each had a waiting room, while the main platform building contained the waiting room, ticket and luggage offices.  Next to the footbridge was a separate W.H. Smith bookstall. The station master's house was separate, being beside the track to the north, and there was small luggage store just outside the gate. The Wirksworth branch having severed the main road, which had been diverted, a footbridge gave access across the line. To the north of the station, there was a wide level crossing which, besides allowing luggage trolleys to cross, gave access for the farmer who owned the adjacent land. Next to this was a footbridge from the front of the station to the field behind, and between them two signal posts with, until 1910, a Duffield Station signal box supplementing Duffield Junction. After that, the station changed little over the years until 1969 though in 1947, at the time passenger services were withdrawn on the Wirksworth branch, the signal posts were replaced with a fabricated steel gantry and upper-quadrant signals. Some time later the passenger footbridge was rebuilt in brick, using the existing walkway.

Paragraph 8: Emburey played an understated but significant role in England's storied victory in the Ashes in 1981, notably in the important fourth Test at Edgbaston, where he contributed runs and wickets as England took the lead in the series for the first time. According to the Wisden report on the match, while Ian Botham "was again named Man of the Match ... Emburey would have been the choice of many". In all Emburey featured in four Ashes series won by England, in 1978–9, 1981, 1985, and 1986-7 (as well as in two defeats in  1989 and 1993). He also played for England (on the losing side) in the 1987 Cricket world cup final.

Paragraph 9: On 27 January 2022, Quantuma and the EFL announced that administrators had been given an extra month to provide proof of how Derby would be funded for the rest of the season. The EFL also rejected Derby's efforts to reclassify its footballing debts relating to the Middlesbrough and Wycombe legal actions. On 3 February, a source close to the Binnie bid told the BBC they feared the club was heading for liquidation because of financial risks relating to the legal actions. During the January transfer window, nine players left Derby, which remained under a transfer embargo and seven points from safety in the Championship, after a defeat at Huddersfield. On 4 February, trying to "unlock the impasse" over Derby's sale, former owner, Mel Morris, invited Middlesbrough and Wycombe to take their compensation claims to the High Court against him personally. On 11 February, it was announced that Morris had reached a private "accord" with Middlesbrough's owner and details had been shared with the administrators, but there was no update regarding Wycombe's claim. As the 28 February deadline approached without news of a sale, the EFL called for an urgent funding update from Quantuma. On 1 March, it was reported the EFL had no plans to expel the club despite administrators missing the deadline, and a defeat at Cardiff City left Derby eight points from safety with 11 Championship games to play. On 2 March, the administrators said they had sought "further requests for clarity from prospective purchasers" and hoped to be able to name a preferred bidder "shortly". The EFL said the "lack of progress" in naming a preferred bidder, or providing proof of funding, was "threatening the very future of Derby County". Even after Quantuma provided a forecast showing the club had "sufficient cash" to get to the end of the season, the EFL still felt "a number of challenges" remained.

Paragraph 10: The publicised reaction to the sketch the next day from the general public and media commentators was almost universally negative. Among widespread reported disapproval from the public, especially from the families that the Make-a-Wish Foundation has helped, prime minister Kevin Rudd stated that The Chaser team "should hang their heads in shame". He went on to say that "I didn't see that but it's been described to me ... But having a go at kids with a terminal illness is really beyond the pale, absolutely beyond the pale." That morning, the Chaser team along with the ABC managing director Mark Scott apologised for airing the skit, with Scott stating that "We have unreservedly apologised for airing that skit, ... It's very clear today from the reaction that it's caused considerable offence and distress, particularly to parents of children that are seriously ill ... I've spoken to Julian Morrow from The Chaser and my understanding is that certainly wasn't the intention of the script, but that's the consequences of it." The ABC will now change their procedures for reviewing episode content which gets broadcast. Scott continued, "We're going to look at those processes ... I mean we all know that The Chaser push the edges and it's a tightrope that we walk, and I suppose there are many, many skits that they've put to air that have offended someone along the way – that's part of the nature of the satirical and black comedy that they do," The full episode was initially available for downloading or online viewing from the official website but was taken down while the skit was edited out of the episode, the edited version was then made available for download. The skit has also been cut from any further television airings and DVD releases. The ABC suspended The Chaser's War on Everything for two weeks. This was relayed via a message by The Chaser on their website, who stated that whilst they disagree with the decision to suspend the show, they apologise for making the skit, acknowledging that it went too far. When the show returned two weeks later, the controversy was referenced by the show being introduced as "The Chaser's Waste of Taxpayers' money", a reference to the fact that the show is on the government-funded ABC channel.

Paragraph 11: Having clinched the division the previous week, the Steelers rested their starters in Week 17 of the 2020 NFL season against the Cleveland Browns. The Browns won the game 24–22 to clinch a playoff birth for the first time in 17 years. With the Steelers clinching the third seed and the Browns clinching the sixth seed, the two teams would play again just one week later in the 2020 Wild Card Playoffs. Over the subsequent days, the Browns had a small, but impactful COVID-19 outbreak that caused the team to be missing four players and five coaches – including head coach Kevin Stefanski – for the game. That coupled with the Browns previous failures caused some of the Steelers players and coaches to overlook the Browns and assume they would easily win the playoff game and move. JuJu Smith-Schuster famously said in the week leading to the game, "I think they’re still the same Browns teams I play every year. I think they’re nameless gray faces. They have a couple good players on their team, but at the end of the day, I don’t know. The Browns is the Browns." However, on the first offensive play of the game, center Maurkice Pouncey snapped the ball over Ben Roethlisberger's head and the Browns' Karl Joseph recovered the fumble in the end zone for a touchdown. The game quickly turned into a disaster as their next three drives ended in two interceptions and a punt; the Browns scored touchdowns on all of their drives and led 28–0 by the end of the first quarter. Despite attempting to make a comeback over the subsequent three quarters, which included Roethlisberger setting several passing records, the Steelers were always playing catch-up and the Browns held them off for a 48–37 win. The win gave the Browns their first playoff win in 26 Years and moved on to play the Chiefs in the AFC Divisional Round. The Steelers finished the game with five turnovers, including four Roethlisberger interceptions.

Paragraph 12: Coimbra Filho's titi is currently considered endangered on the IUCN Redlist due to a variety of threats, both natural and anthropogenic, including habitat loss, habitat fragmentation, limited reproductive options, and increased predation. The primary biological threat to Coimbra Filho's titi comes from its mating behavior. While juvenile members of the species remain in their natal groups, upon sexual maturity they leave and set off upon their own. Coupled with the habitat fragmentation faced by the species, this behavior limits the number of sexually mature individuals in each fragment of the population, limiting reproductive options. The species' natural geographical distribution also contributes a threat to the species. Coimbra Filho's titi only naturally occurs in the Atlantic coastal forests in northeastern Brazil. This is a relatively small area in the states of Sergipe and Bahia. Due to this small range, any disturbances to these areas pose a larger than normal threat to the species' survival. More than anything else, however, human interference is the source of many problems to Coimbra Filho's titi. The areas around and inside its habitat are being developed, including paving roads and the promotion of tourism. Similarly, it is facing habitat loss due to increased logging in the area. Wooded areas inhabited by Coimbra Filho's Titi are also being rapidly converted into pastures for grazing and ranching. By the early 1900s, the coastal forests in Sergipe had been reduced to less than 40% of the size of their original cover. This trend continued throughout the 20th century, and these coastal forests now cover less than 1% of their original size. These activities are leading to increased habitat fragmentation. This fragmentation limits the size of breeding populations, limiting genetic diversity. This fragmentation also increases the risk of predation, as titis are forced to move from one fragment to another, exposing them to increased risk of predation.

Paragraph 13: Having clinched the division the previous week, the Steelers rested their starters in Week 17 of the 2020 NFL season against the Cleveland Browns. The Browns won the game 24–22 to clinch a playoff birth for the first time in 17 years. With the Steelers clinching the third seed and the Browns clinching the sixth seed, the two teams would play again just one week later in the 2020 Wild Card Playoffs. Over the subsequent days, the Browns had a small, but impactful COVID-19 outbreak that caused the team to be missing four players and five coaches – including head coach Kevin Stefanski – for the game. That coupled with the Browns previous failures caused some of the Steelers players and coaches to overlook the Browns and assume they would easily win the playoff game and move. JuJu Smith-Schuster famously said in the week leading to the game, "I think they’re still the same Browns teams I play every year. I think they’re nameless gray faces. They have a couple good players on their team, but at the end of the day, I don’t know. The Browns is the Browns." However, on the first offensive play of the game, center Maurkice Pouncey snapped the ball over Ben Roethlisberger's head and the Browns' Karl Joseph recovered the fumble in the end zone for a touchdown. The game quickly turned into a disaster as their next three drives ended in two interceptions and a punt; the Browns scored touchdowns on all of their drives and led 28–0 by the end of the first quarter. Despite attempting to make a comeback over the subsequent three quarters, which included Roethlisberger setting several passing records, the Steelers were always playing catch-up and the Browns held them off for a 48–37 win. The win gave the Browns their first playoff win in 26 Years and moved on to play the Chiefs in the AFC Divisional Round. The Steelers finished the game with five turnovers, including four Roethlisberger interceptions.

Paragraph 14: There are numerous prehistoric vestiges of human occupation throughout the municipality of Idanha-a-Nova (Idanha "the new"), such as menhirs and tapirs. The Romans had an important influence, namely in the civil parishes of Monsanto, Idanha-a-Velha (Idanha "the old", formerly known as the Roman Civitas Igaeditanorum and the Germanic Egitânia) and Ladoeiro and in the countryside around the town of Idanha-a-Nova proper, where there was a Roman villa, immortalized in an ancient mosaic. After the fall of the Roman Empire, the Suevi and Visigoths dominated, and is from that time the creation of the now extinct Bishopric of Egitânia. In terms of architectural heritage, Egitânia (Idanha-a-Velha) stands out as an archaeological site from the year 534, which was one of the most important cities in Lusitania at a time, with the remaining sections of Roman pavements and the Romanesque bridge, built over the Ponsul River. In 1187, a castle was built by Gualdim Pais, a Portuguese crusader, Knight Templar in the service of Afonso Henriques of Portugal. King Sancho I (1185-1211) granted Idanha a foral charter in 1201 in order to encourage the settlement and defence of the land. His successor, King Alfonso II (1211-1223) confirmed this charter in 1219 renaming the village with the current place names (Idanha-a-Nova) to distinguish it from the old Idanha (hereinafter Idanha-a-Velha), 18 kilometers away. The village of Idanha-a-Nova has developed a lot since then, at the same time Idanha-a-Velha went into steady decline. In the late fifteenth century, King Manuel I of Portugal (1495–1521), was surprised with the difference in the development of the two Idanhas (1496) and in June 1510, recognizing the progress of Idanha-a-Nova, granted it new charter. At this time, the town and its castle, including the layout, was recorded down by Duarte de Armas in his Book of Fortresses in 1509. A border municipality with Spain, the whole area was theatre of war, skirmishes and invasions throughout several periods in Portuguese history. A large part of the population of the entire area migrated to other parts of Portugal and foreign countries from the 1960s onwards. The massive exodus was due to economic reasons since the area remained cut-off from the rest of the country and neighboring Spain as well as largely underdeveloped throughout most of the 20th century. From the 2000s to the early 2020s, thanks to EU structural and cohesion funds, inland Portugal's settlement policies, the rise of tourism in Portugal and a wave of foreign direct investment, the depopulation phenomenon was mitigated but the municipality is still characterized by stagnation in population growth and intense population ageing.

Paragraph 15: They signed for Alan McGee's Creation Records in 1997, at a time when the label was riding high on the Britpop-fuelled success of Oasis, and stayed until the label's demise in 1999, releasing two albums, the first (The Barn Tapes) originally recorded in a barn in Kent as demos for the label, and the second (Hillside) much lauded by critics. Hillside Album was released on 13 July 1998. They toured the United States in 1998 before returning to the UK to tour with Neil Finn followed by dates supporting Bernard Butler. They subsequently signed for McGee's next label, Poptones and were joined by Rob Arriss (guitar and keyboards) and Dave Hill (drums) before releasing the album Bahama in 2001.

Paragraph 16: Brothers Gonna Work It Out is a compilation album by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers, containing various artists' work mixed by the duo. It was released on 22 September 1998. The cover features a picture of Our Lady of Fatima church in Harlow, Essex, England. The quote "the brother's gonna work it out" comes from a track by Willie Hutch and is also featured in the duo's earlier track "Leave Home". It peaked at number 95 on the Billboard 200 chart. As of 2002 it has sold 165,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. As of 1999 it has sold 400,000+ units worldwide, mostly in the US.

Paragraph 17: He wrote Mirrors and Windows: American Photography Since 1960 (1978) identifying a dichotomy between strategies of pictorial expression in American photography; "It seems to this viewer that the difference between [Minor] White and [Robert] Frank relates to the difference between the goal of self-expression and the goal of exploration." Though not all photographers in the book are American (Frank was Swiss, for example), the pictures were taken and/or exhibited there. The publication is divided almost equally into Parts I (pps. 29–86) and II (pps. 87–148). His 'Mirror' analogy represents self-reflective photography, represented in the book by Jerry N. Uelsmann, Paul Caponigro, Joseph Bellanca, Gianni Penati, Ralph Gibson, Duane Michals, Judy Dater and others; while the idea of the 'Window' is found in the documentary approach, exemplified by inclusions of work by Diane Arbus, Lee Friedlander, Henry Wessel, Joel Meyerowitz, and Garry Winogrand.

Paragraph 18: After faithfully serving a full-time mission as a Latter-day Saint, then getting married, Jonathan Jordan finds himself divorced and once again an attending member of one the church's single-adult world. As he attends a congregation specifically for unmarried adults, where the ultimate goal is eternal marriage he quickly becomes disenchanted with the experience and stops going to church. As he copes with his experiences, he creates a standup routine lampooning the nature and lifestyle of being a member. His resistance to the church continues, until he falls for Cammie Giles who is an active member at a local singles ward. Suddenly, Jordan finds church attendance more appealing, but begins to question whether he is going for the right reasons or if it is just to impress his new girlfriend.

Paragraph 19: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.

Paragraph 20: The song is a slow and sultry song, which blends hip-hop and contemporary R&B genres. It incorporates drum notes, including heavy beats and grooves. The song's second version features a rap version from Mobb Deep. The song samples the melody from "Shook Ones Part II" by Mobb Deep, incorporating it into chorus and bridge. As part of "layering the song," background vocals are featured throughout the chorus and sections of the bridge. It is set in the signature common time, and is written in the key of B-flat minor. It features a basic chord progression of A-F1. Carey's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of E3 to the high note of F5; the piano and guitar pieces range from F3 to G5 as well. The song contains lyrics written by Carey, who produced the song's melody and chorus as well. Aside from assisting with its chord progression, Cory Rooney co-arranged and produced the track as well. Author Chris Nickson felt the song was extremely important for Carey's musical transition, writing "Lyrically, this was some of her best work ever, the melody slinky and overtly sexy, confirmation – as if any was needed at this point! – that this was the new Mariah."

Paragraph 21: At this stage there were two platforms with a footbridge, the second being an island between the two passenger lines, and another for the branch. The two subsidiary platforms each had a waiting room, while the main platform building contained the waiting room, ticket and luggage offices.  Next to the footbridge was a separate W.H. Smith bookstall. The station master's house was separate, being beside the track to the north, and there was small luggage store just outside the gate. The Wirksworth branch having severed the main road, which had been diverted, a footbridge gave access across the line. To the north of the station, there was a wide level crossing which, besides allowing luggage trolleys to cross, gave access for the farmer who owned the adjacent land. Next to this was a footbridge from the front of the station to the field behind, and between them two signal posts with, until 1910, a Duffield Station signal box supplementing Duffield Junction. After that, the station changed little over the years until 1969 though in 1947, at the time passenger services were withdrawn on the Wirksworth branch, the signal posts were replaced with a fabricated steel gantry and upper-quadrant signals. Some time later the passenger footbridge was rebuilt in brick, using the existing walkway.

Paragraph 22: Over the last hundred years, there has been a large shift from manual labor jobs (e.g. farming, manufacturing, building) to office jobs which is due to many contributing factors including globalization, outsourcing of jobs and technological advances (specifically internet and computers). In 1960, there was a decline of jobs requiring moderate physical activity from 50% to 20%, and one in two Americans had a physically demanding job, while in 2011 this ratio was one in five. From 1990 to 2016, there was a decrease of about one third in manual labor jobs/employment. In 2008, the United States American National Health Interview Survey found that 36% of adults were inactive, and 59% of adult respondents never participated in vigorous physical activity lasting more than 10 minutes per week.  According to a 2018 study, office based workers typically spend 70-85% sitting. In the US population, prevalence of sitting watching television or videos at least 2 h/d was high in 2015-2016 (ranging from 59% to 65%); the estimated prevalence of computer use outside school or work for at least 1 h/d increased from 2001 to 2016 (from 43% to 56% for children, from 53% to 57% among adolescents, and from 29% to 50% for adults); and estimated total sitting time increased from 2007 to 2016 (from 7.0 to 8.2 h/d among adolescents and from 5.5 to 6.4 h/d among adults).

Paragraph 23: When Richard Bellamy is unable to go with his wife to an opera because he has to attend a political meeting, adding to the friction which has already developed between them over Richard's political stance, he asks Charles Hammond, a friend of his son James who is fanatical about opera, to go instead. They greatly enjoy the opera, and each other's company. They meet again a few days later in a bookshop, and Charles asks her to read him "Ode To A Nightingale" by Keats. They go to his house, where she reads and plays the piano for him. Charles admits that he loves her, and she admits that she cares for him as well. They begin to have an affair. In spite of Lady Marjorie's attempts to hide it - she burns the note that comes with the bouquet of roses that Charles has sent her - the servants get wind of it and then discover a boxful of love letters. We see Charles and Marjorie in bed together and dancing to a gramophone record together. Charles wants to make the affair public, and urges Marjorie to divorce Richard.  Marjorie insists that the affair be kept secret a while longer. James and Charles plan to participate in a regatta. Hudson, the butler, sees a newspaper report that there has been an accident at the regatta, and tells Marjorie.  She bursts into tears, and Hudson and Richard assume that she is worried about James.  Charles arrives at the house comes to tell Marjorie that he is safe, and Hudson walks in on them as they are embracing - they break apart before Richard can see them, and he assumes that Charles is there on James' behalf. James returns and Richard admonishes him for not having let Marjorie know he was safe; James replies that he had been unable to participate in the regatta after all because he had to stand in court in place of a friend, who had "got the collywobbles" at the last minute, and that he had phoned Marjorie at lunchtime to tell her. Richard begins to piece together what has happened.  Rather than losing his temper with his wife, he tells her that he has changed his political stance, as it is a question of loyalty. Marjorie realises that she must also be loyal, so she sends a note to Charles, asking her to meet him at the opera; there, she ends the affair, bidding him a tearful farewell. He gives her a locket on a chain as a gift, and she dissolves into sobs after he has left.

Paragraph 24: Srikanth's friend, Mani Sundaram (Ramji) is the young son of the temple's chief priest. He is a rationalist, who does not believe in myths and rituals. Instead, he chooses to rationalize his beliefs, and hence often ends up at odds with his father with regard to the temple's mysteries and rituals. One by one, four people are killed inside the temple, including a police inspector who is there to investigate the mystery. At this juncture, Dr. KR (Delhi Ganesh)—once a great psychiatrist, but now intellectually disabled—strays into the village, and is admitted to Oomaisaamy's ashram by Mani. Prasad (Prithviraj), Dr. KR's son, comes in search of him, and ends up being a guest to Mani and his sister Lalitha (Vasuki). As Mani and Prasad try to reveal the temple's mystery even more, they come to know that Dr. KR is actually acting as a retard, and he too is trying to do the same. But Dr. KR has personal intentions. He had been regarded as one of the best psychiatrists of India, and an Indian Central Minister admits his intellectually disabled son to his hospital for treatment. But Dr. KR is unable to cure the Minister's son even after giving his best for the patient. Enraged by this, the Minister ridicules Dr. KR and moves his son away to Oomaisaamy's ashram after hearing other people speak so highly about it. Dr. KR feels insulted and decides to find out how Oomaisaamy is able to cure patients so effortlessly in his ashram. To achieve this, he makes everyone believe he is retarded, and lands up in Oomaisaamy's ashram. What Dr. KR does not know, is that he was unable to cure the Minister's son not because of his incompetency, but because of a sinister scheme laid out by his junior, Dr. Vishwaram (Mohan V. Ram).

Paragraph 25: Matsudaira Teru was born as the third daughter of Hoshina Masamoto, daimyō of the Iino han in Kazusa.  Her name, written in authentic kanji is 熈 (Teru).  In 1843, she was adopted by Matsudaira Katataka, daimyō of the Aizu han.  The adoption took place because Katataka had no children; he had two sons and four daughters at that time, but all had died very young.  Katataka took a liking to Teruhime during his frequent visits to the Iino family mansion in Edo.  The two hans were closely related to each other, because the first daimyō of the Aizu han and the Iino han were adoptive brothers.

Paragraph 26: Hughes later reverted to a 4–4–2 formation. From then on, Mokoena found himself used sparingly as a holding midfielder in his favoured 4–5–1 formation as a second-half substitute, charged with protecting leads in games in which Blackburn were winning. With Robbie Savage out injured for Rovers, Mokoena started most of the team's games in 2007 and he scored his first goal for Blackburn in an FA Cup 6th round victory against Manchester City on 11 March 2007. However, he was later sent off after getting a second yellow card. He scored his second and final Blackburn goal against Sunderland in February 2009, again this time in the FA Cup replay in Rovers' 2–1 win at Ewood Park which was also voted as goal of the season for the 2008–09 season. Mokoena played his final game for Blackburn Rovers on 24 May 2009 against West Bromwich Albion at Ewood Park in the 0–0 draw.

Paragraph 27: Coimbra Filho's titi is currently considered endangered on the IUCN Redlist due to a variety of threats, both natural and anthropogenic, including habitat loss, habitat fragmentation, limited reproductive options, and increased predation. The primary biological threat to Coimbra Filho's titi comes from its mating behavior. While juvenile members of the species remain in their natal groups, upon sexual maturity they leave and set off upon their own. Coupled with the habitat fragmentation faced by the species, this behavior limits the number of sexually mature individuals in each fragment of the population, limiting reproductive options. The species' natural geographical distribution also contributes a threat to the species. Coimbra Filho's titi only naturally occurs in the Atlantic coastal forests in northeastern Brazil. This is a relatively small area in the states of Sergipe and Bahia. Due to this small range, any disturbances to these areas pose a larger than normal threat to the species' survival. More than anything else, however, human interference is the source of many problems to Coimbra Filho's titi. The areas around and inside its habitat are being developed, including paving roads and the promotion of tourism. Similarly, it is facing habitat loss due to increased logging in the area. Wooded areas inhabited by Coimbra Filho's Titi are also being rapidly converted into pastures for grazing and ranching. By the early 1900s, the coastal forests in Sergipe had been reduced to less than 40% of the size of their original cover. This trend continued throughout the 20th century, and these coastal forests now cover less than 1% of their original size. These activities are leading to increased habitat fragmentation. This fragmentation limits the size of breeding populations, limiting genetic diversity. This fragmentation also increases the risk of predation, as titis are forced to move from one fragment to another, exposing them to increased risk of predation.

Paragraph 28: He wrote Mirrors and Windows: American Photography Since 1960 (1978) identifying a dichotomy between strategies of pictorial expression in American photography; "It seems to this viewer that the difference between [Minor] White and [Robert] Frank relates to the difference between the goal of self-expression and the goal of exploration." Though not all photographers in the book are American (Frank was Swiss, for example), the pictures were taken and/or exhibited there. The publication is divided almost equally into Parts I (pps. 29–86) and II (pps. 87–148). His 'Mirror' analogy represents self-reflective photography, represented in the book by Jerry N. Uelsmann, Paul Caponigro, Joseph Bellanca, Gianni Penati, Ralph Gibson, Duane Michals, Judy Dater and others; while the idea of the 'Window' is found in the documentary approach, exemplified by inclusions of work by Diane Arbus, Lee Friedlander, Henry Wessel, Joel Meyerowitz, and Garry Winogrand.

Paragraph 29: When Richard Bellamy is unable to go with his wife to an opera because he has to attend a political meeting, adding to the friction which has already developed between them over Richard's political stance, he asks Charles Hammond, a friend of his son James who is fanatical about opera, to go instead. They greatly enjoy the opera, and each other's company. They meet again a few days later in a bookshop, and Charles asks her to read him "Ode To A Nightingale" by Keats. They go to his house, where she reads and plays the piano for him. Charles admits that he loves her, and she admits that she cares for him as well. They begin to have an affair. In spite of Lady Marjorie's attempts to hide it - she burns the note that comes with the bouquet of roses that Charles has sent her - the servants get wind of it and then discover a boxful of love letters. We see Charles and Marjorie in bed together and dancing to a gramophone record together. Charles wants to make the affair public, and urges Marjorie to divorce Richard.  Marjorie insists that the affair be kept secret a while longer. James and Charles plan to participate in a regatta. Hudson, the butler, sees a newspaper report that there has been an accident at the regatta, and tells Marjorie.  She bursts into tears, and Hudson and Richard assume that she is worried about James.  Charles arrives at the house comes to tell Marjorie that he is safe, and Hudson walks in on them as they are embracing - they break apart before Richard can see them, and he assumes that Charles is there on James' behalf. James returns and Richard admonishes him for not having let Marjorie know he was safe; James replies that he had been unable to participate in the regatta after all because he had to stand in court in place of a friend, who had "got the collywobbles" at the last minute, and that he had phoned Marjorie at lunchtime to tell her. Richard begins to piece together what has happened.  Rather than losing his temper with his wife, he tells her that he has changed his political stance, as it is a question of loyalty. Marjorie realises that she must also be loyal, so she sends a note to Charles, asking her to meet him at the opera; there, she ends the affair, bidding him a tearful farewell. He gives her a locket on a chain as a gift, and she dissolves into sobs after he has left.

Paragraph 30: When Richard Bellamy is unable to go with his wife to an opera because he has to attend a political meeting, adding to the friction which has already developed between them over Richard's political stance, he asks Charles Hammond, a friend of his son James who is fanatical about opera, to go instead. They greatly enjoy the opera, and each other's company. They meet again a few days later in a bookshop, and Charles asks her to read him "Ode To A Nightingale" by Keats. They go to his house, where she reads and plays the piano for him. Charles admits that he loves her, and she admits that she cares for him as well. They begin to have an affair. In spite of Lady Marjorie's attempts to hide it - she burns the note that comes with the bouquet of roses that Charles has sent her - the servants get wind of it and then discover a boxful of love letters. We see Charles and Marjorie in bed together and dancing to a gramophone record together. Charles wants to make the affair public, and urges Marjorie to divorce Richard.  Marjorie insists that the affair be kept secret a while longer. James and Charles plan to participate in a regatta. Hudson, the butler, sees a newspaper report that there has been an accident at the regatta, and tells Marjorie.  She bursts into tears, and Hudson and Richard assume that she is worried about James.  Charles arrives at the house comes to tell Marjorie that he is safe, and Hudson walks in on them as they are embracing - they break apart before Richard can see them, and he assumes that Charles is there on James' behalf. James returns and Richard admonishes him for not having let Marjorie know he was safe; James replies that he had been unable to participate in the regatta after all because he had to stand in court in place of a friend, who had "got the collywobbles" at the last minute, and that he had phoned Marjorie at lunchtime to tell her. Richard begins to piece together what has happened.  Rather than losing his temper with his wife, he tells her that he has changed his political stance, as it is a question of loyalty. Marjorie realises that she must also be loyal, so she sends a note to Charles, asking her to meet him at the opera; there, she ends the affair, bidding him a tearful farewell. He gives her a locket on a chain as a gift, and she dissolves into sobs after he has left.

Paragraph 31: Matsudaira Teru was born as the third daughter of Hoshina Masamoto, daimyō of the Iino han in Kazusa.  Her name, written in authentic kanji is 熈 (Teru).  In 1843, she was adopted by Matsudaira Katataka, daimyō of the Aizu han.  The adoption took place because Katataka had no children; he had two sons and four daughters at that time, but all had died very young.  Katataka took a liking to Teruhime during his frequent visits to the Iino family mansion in Edo.  The two hans were closely related to each other, because the first daimyō of the Aizu han and the Iino han were adoptive brothers.

Paragraph 32: Plíšková utilizes an extremely aggressive style, highlighted by her powerful, accurate serve, forceful groundstrokes, and aggressive net play, to extract errors from opponents or win points outright. Her greatest strength is her serve, which is known for its pace, power, and precision. She typically generates high first-serve percentages, and is able to serve numerous aces. Her first serve speed averages , and peaks at ; the fast speed of her first serve combined with its accurate placement and disguise make her first serve effective. Between 2013 and 2019, Plíšková ranked within the top 10 of the WTA ace count, and served the most aces of any player in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2019; in 2016, she served 530 aces, the most of any player in a single year in WTA history. She double faults infrequently, although she tends to take risks on her second serve when nervous, causing double faults to accumulate. Her groundstrokes are powerful, allowing her to hit winners from any position on the court. Her strongest groundstroke is her forehand, which she hits flat, with significant pace and power; this shot is responsible for most of the winners she hits on the court. She can generate extreme angles with both her forehand and her backhand, allowing her to hit winners at will. She also shows accuracy and power on mid-court shots, sometimes following them up to the net, where she can hit the most challenging volleys with ease due to her doubles experience. Although she mainly plays from the baseline until she creates the opportunity to approach the net and hit low-risk volley winners, Plíšková will occasionally utilise the serve-and-volley tactic to surprise her opponents. This tactic is highly effective – in the 2016 US Open final, she won 80% of her serve-and-volley points. Despite her considerable strengths, Plíšková's game is hampered by her poor movement, and lacklustre footwork. Although her movement has improved significantly since turning professional, it is still the weakest area of her game, allowing opponents to hit low-risk winners, due to the fact that she cannot reach the winning shot fast enough. Due to her poor movement, she struggles against defensive players who counterpunch, and aim to move her around the baseline – she possesses losing head-to-head records against many elite defensive players, including Simona Halep, Agnieszka Radwańska, Angelique Kerber, Caroline Wozniacki, Elina Svitolina, Ashleigh Barty, and Sloane Stephens. Plíšková's game is remarkably malleable, and is suited to all surfaces; she has won titles on hard, clay, and grass courts, although her quick and aggressive style of play is especially suited to hard courts.

Paragraph 33: On 27 January 2022, Quantuma and the EFL announced that administrators had been given an extra month to provide proof of how Derby would be funded for the rest of the season. The EFL also rejected Derby's efforts to reclassify its footballing debts relating to the Middlesbrough and Wycombe legal actions. On 3 February, a source close to the Binnie bid told the BBC they feared the club was heading for liquidation because of financial risks relating to the legal actions. During the January transfer window, nine players left Derby, which remained under a transfer embargo and seven points from safety in the Championship, after a defeat at Huddersfield. On 4 February, trying to "unlock the impasse" over Derby's sale, former owner, Mel Morris, invited Middlesbrough and Wycombe to take their compensation claims to the High Court against him personally. On 11 February, it was announced that Morris had reached a private "accord" with Middlesbrough's owner and details had been shared with the administrators, but there was no update regarding Wycombe's claim. As the 28 February deadline approached without news of a sale, the EFL called for an urgent funding update from Quantuma. On 1 March, it was reported the EFL had no plans to expel the club despite administrators missing the deadline, and a defeat at Cardiff City left Derby eight points from safety with 11 Championship games to play. On 2 March, the administrators said they had sought "further requests for clarity from prospective purchasers" and hoped to be able to name a preferred bidder "shortly". The EFL said the "lack of progress" in naming a preferred bidder, or providing proof of funding, was "threatening the very future of Derby County". Even after Quantuma provided a forecast showing the club had "sufficient cash" to get to the end of the season, the EFL still felt "a number of challenges" remained.

Paragraph 34: Plíšková utilizes an extremely aggressive style, highlighted by her powerful, accurate serve, forceful groundstrokes, and aggressive net play, to extract errors from opponents or win points outright. Her greatest strength is her serve, which is known for its pace, power, and precision. She typically generates high first-serve percentages, and is able to serve numerous aces. Her first serve speed averages , and peaks at ; the fast speed of her first serve combined with its accurate placement and disguise make her first serve effective. Between 2013 and 2019, Plíšková ranked within the top 10 of the WTA ace count, and served the most aces of any player in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2019; in 2016, she served 530 aces, the most of any player in a single year in WTA history. She double faults infrequently, although she tends to take risks on her second serve when nervous, causing double faults to accumulate. Her groundstrokes are powerful, allowing her to hit winners from any position on the court. Her strongest groundstroke is her forehand, which she hits flat, with significant pace and power; this shot is responsible for most of the winners she hits on the court. She can generate extreme angles with both her forehand and her backhand, allowing her to hit winners at will. She also shows accuracy and power on mid-court shots, sometimes following them up to the net, where she can hit the most challenging volleys with ease due to her doubles experience. Although she mainly plays from the baseline until she creates the opportunity to approach the net and hit low-risk volley winners, Plíšková will occasionally utilise the serve-and-volley tactic to surprise her opponents. This tactic is highly effective – in the 2016 US Open final, she won 80% of her serve-and-volley points. Despite her considerable strengths, Plíšková's game is hampered by her poor movement, and lacklustre footwork. Although her movement has improved significantly since turning professional, it is still the weakest area of her game, allowing opponents to hit low-risk winners, due to the fact that she cannot reach the winning shot fast enough. Due to her poor movement, she struggles against defensive players who counterpunch, and aim to move her around the baseline – she possesses losing head-to-head records against many elite defensive players, including Simona Halep, Agnieszka Radwańska, Angelique Kerber, Caroline Wozniacki, Elina Svitolina, Ashleigh Barty, and Sloane Stephens. Plíšková's game is remarkably malleable, and is suited to all surfaces; she has won titles on hard, clay, and grass courts, although her quick and aggressive style of play is especially suited to hard courts.

Paragraph 35: Whilst the Wickses holiday in Dorset, Carly is unwittingly introduced to her estranged mother Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), and despite Kevin's best efforts, Shirley traces them to Walford and makes herself known to Carly and Deano. Carly rejects her mother, incensed that she had abandoned her for so many years. Further animosity occurs when Carly discovers Kevin is not her biological father, and Shirley had a one-night stand with a man named Daniel. She rejects Kevin, branding him a phoney. Devastated, Kevin runs away, and in his absence Carly momentarily bonds with Shirley, though it is short-lived and when Kevin returns, she reconciles with him, and is once again hostile to Shirley, spitting in her face on one occasion. Carly's stepsister Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) sets her up on a date with salesman Warren Stamp (Will Mellor), even though Preeti Choraria (Babita Pohoomull) had endured a bad experience on a prior date with him. Chelsea does this as she wants to eliminate Carly as competition for her boyfriend Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky), who has been flirting with her. Carly is almost raped by Warren, but is rescued by Sean. Carly and Sean have sex and then begin dating, and when Carly tells Chelsea a feud erupts. This leads to Chelsea and Deano's attempt to frame Sean for an assault on Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). Sean is imprisoned and is only released when Carly hands stolen CCTV footage exonerating him over to the police, betraying her brother and Chelsea who are arrested for perverting the course of justice. Carly's relationship with Sean ends however, when Sean arranges for Deano to be beaten up by a gang of thugs. Carly believes her family will not forgive her betrayal, so she leaves Walford and takes a job in a gay bar. Deano flees to stay with her in October, fearing Sean and his trial the following day. Carly helps Deano face up to his responsibilities and returns to walford to support her family when Deano is sentenced to six months in prison.

Paragraph 36: Whilst the Wickses holiday in Dorset, Carly is unwittingly introduced to her estranged mother Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), and despite Kevin's best efforts, Shirley traces them to Walford and makes herself known to Carly and Deano. Carly rejects her mother, incensed that she had abandoned her for so many years. Further animosity occurs when Carly discovers Kevin is not her biological father, and Shirley had a one-night stand with a man named Daniel. She rejects Kevin, branding him a phoney. Devastated, Kevin runs away, and in his absence Carly momentarily bonds with Shirley, though it is short-lived and when Kevin returns, she reconciles with him, and is once again hostile to Shirley, spitting in her face on one occasion. Carly's stepsister Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) sets her up on a date with salesman Warren Stamp (Will Mellor), even though Preeti Choraria (Babita Pohoomull) had endured a bad experience on a prior date with him. Chelsea does this as she wants to eliminate Carly as competition for her boyfriend Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky), who has been flirting with her. Carly is almost raped by Warren, but is rescued by Sean. Carly and Sean have sex and then begin dating, and when Carly tells Chelsea a feud erupts. This leads to Chelsea and Deano's attempt to frame Sean for an assault on Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). Sean is imprisoned and is only released when Carly hands stolen CCTV footage exonerating him over to the police, betraying her brother and Chelsea who are arrested for perverting the course of justice. Carly's relationship with Sean ends however, when Sean arranges for Deano to be beaten up by a gang of thugs. Carly believes her family will not forgive her betrayal, so she leaves Walford and takes a job in a gay bar. Deano flees to stay with her in October, fearing Sean and his trial the following day. Carly helps Deano face up to his responsibilities and returns to walford to support her family when Deano is sentenced to six months in prison.

Paragraph 37: Hyde was returned by his father as Member of Parliament for Launceston on the Granville interest at a by-election on 15 November 1692. He then resigned his army commission. He was returned for Launceston again at the 1695 English general election. He voted against fixing the price of guineas at 22 shillings, and against the attainder of Sir John Fenwick, on 25 November 1696. After his return at the 1698 English general election, he was classed as a Country supporter. In 1700, he was awarded DCL at Oxford University together with his father in a specially called convention. He was returned unopposed at the first general election of 1701, and was blacklisted for opposing preparations for war with France. He was returned unopposed again at the second general election of 1701 and supported the motion of 26 February 1702 which vindicated the Commons' proceedings in impeaching Whig ministers. At the 1702 English general election he was returned again unopposed. From 1703 to 1710 he was first clerk of writs in Chancery. He was absent from the vote on the Tack in 1704 and was classed as a sneaker. He was returned unopposed as a Tory at the 1705 English general election and voted against the court candidate for speaker on 25 October 1705. He was returned again as a Tory at the 1708 British general election. He told for the Tories in two election disputes and voted against the impeachment of Dr Sacheverell. He was returned again for Launceston at the 1710 British general election. In September 1710 he became joint vice-treasurer and paymaster-general for Ireland.   He was also appointed to the Privy Council of Great Britain in 1710. However, he succeeded his father as 2nd Earl of Rochester on 2 May 1711 and vacated his seat in the House of Commons. He continued to serve the Tory ministry in the House of Lords. 

Paragraph 38: Having clinched the division the previous week, the Steelers rested their starters in Week 17 of the 2020 NFL season against the Cleveland Browns. The Browns won the game 24–22 to clinch a playoff birth for the first time in 17 years. With the Steelers clinching the third seed and the Browns clinching the sixth seed, the two teams would play again just one week later in the 2020 Wild Card Playoffs. Over the subsequent days, the Browns had a small, but impactful COVID-19 outbreak that caused the team to be missing four players and five coaches – including head coach Kevin Stefanski – for the game. That coupled with the Browns previous failures caused some of the Steelers players and coaches to overlook the Browns and assume they would easily win the playoff game and move. JuJu Smith-Schuster famously said in the week leading to the game, "I think they’re still the same Browns teams I play every year. I think they’re nameless gray faces. They have a couple good players on their team, but at the end of the day, I don’t know. The Browns is the Browns." However, on the first offensive play of the game, center Maurkice Pouncey snapped the ball over Ben Roethlisberger's head and the Browns' Karl Joseph recovered the fumble in the end zone for a touchdown. The game quickly turned into a disaster as their next three drives ended in two interceptions and a punt; the Browns scored touchdowns on all of their drives and led 28–0 by the end of the first quarter. Despite attempting to make a comeback over the subsequent three quarters, which included Roethlisberger setting several passing records, the Steelers were always playing catch-up and the Browns held them off for a 48–37 win. The win gave the Browns their first playoff win in 26 Years and moved on to play the Chiefs in the AFC Divisional Round. The Steelers finished the game with five turnovers, including four Roethlisberger interceptions.

Paragraph 39: Having clinched the division the previous week, the Steelers rested their starters in Week 17 of the 2020 NFL season against the Cleveland Browns. The Browns won the game 24–22 to clinch a playoff birth for the first time in 17 years. With the Steelers clinching the third seed and the Browns clinching the sixth seed, the two teams would play again just one week later in the 2020 Wild Card Playoffs. Over the subsequent days, the Browns had a small, but impactful COVID-19 outbreak that caused the team to be missing four players and five coaches – including head coach Kevin Stefanski – for the game. That coupled with the Browns previous failures caused some of the Steelers players and coaches to overlook the Browns and assume they would easily win the playoff game and move. JuJu Smith-Schuster famously said in the week leading to the game, "I think they’re still the same Browns teams I play every year. I think they’re nameless gray faces. They have a couple good players on their team, but at the end of the day, I don’t know. The Browns is the Browns." However, on the first offensive play of the game, center Maurkice Pouncey snapped the ball over Ben Roethlisberger's head and the Browns' Karl Joseph recovered the fumble in the end zone for a touchdown. The game quickly turned into a disaster as their next three drives ended in two interceptions and a punt; the Browns scored touchdowns on all of their drives and led 28–0 by the end of the first quarter. Despite attempting to make a comeback over the subsequent three quarters, which included Roethlisberger setting several passing records, the Steelers were always playing catch-up and the Browns held them off for a 48–37 win. The win gave the Browns their first playoff win in 26 Years and moved on to play the Chiefs in the AFC Divisional Round. The Steelers finished the game with five turnovers, including four Roethlisberger interceptions.

Paragraph 40: There are numerous prehistoric vestiges of human occupation throughout the municipality of Idanha-a-Nova (Idanha "the new"), such as menhirs and tapirs. The Romans had an important influence, namely in the civil parishes of Monsanto, Idanha-a-Velha (Idanha "the old", formerly known as the Roman Civitas Igaeditanorum and the Germanic Egitânia) and Ladoeiro and in the countryside around the town of Idanha-a-Nova proper, where there was a Roman villa, immortalized in an ancient mosaic. After the fall of the Roman Empire, the Suevi and Visigoths dominated, and is from that time the creation of the now extinct Bishopric of Egitânia. In terms of architectural heritage, Egitânia (Idanha-a-Velha) stands out as an archaeological site from the year 534, which was one of the most important cities in Lusitania at a time, with the remaining sections of Roman pavements and the Romanesque bridge, built over the Ponsul River. In 1187, a castle was built by Gualdim Pais, a Portuguese crusader, Knight Templar in the service of Afonso Henriques of Portugal. King Sancho I (1185-1211) granted Idanha a foral charter in 1201 in order to encourage the settlement and defence of the land. His successor, King Alfonso II (1211-1223) confirmed this charter in 1219 renaming the village with the current place names (Idanha-a-Nova) to distinguish it from the old Idanha (hereinafter Idanha-a-Velha), 18 kilometers away. The village of Idanha-a-Nova has developed a lot since then, at the same time Idanha-a-Velha went into steady decline. In the late fifteenth century, King Manuel I of Portugal (1495–1521), was surprised with the difference in the development of the two Idanhas (1496) and in June 1510, recognizing the progress of Idanha-a-Nova, granted it new charter. At this time, the town and its castle, including the layout, was recorded down by Duarte de Armas in his Book of Fortresses in 1509. A border municipality with Spain, the whole area was theatre of war, skirmishes and invasions throughout several periods in Portuguese history. A large part of the population of the entire area migrated to other parts of Portugal and foreign countries from the 1960s onwards. The massive exodus was due to economic reasons since the area remained cut-off from the rest of the country and neighboring Spain as well as largely underdeveloped throughout most of the 20th century. From the 2000s to the early 2020s, thanks to EU structural and cohesion funds, inland Portugal's settlement policies, the rise of tourism in Portugal and a wave of foreign direct investment, the depopulation phenomenon was mitigated but the municipality is still characterized by stagnation in population growth and intense population ageing.

Paragraph 41: Matsudaira Teru was born as the third daughter of Hoshina Masamoto, daimyō of the Iino han in Kazusa.  Her name, written in authentic kanji is 熈 (Teru).  In 1843, she was adopted by Matsudaira Katataka, daimyō of the Aizu han.  The adoption took place because Katataka had no children; he had two sons and four daughters at that time, but all had died very young.  Katataka took a liking to Teruhime during his frequent visits to the Iino family mansion in Edo.  The two hans were closely related to each other, because the first daimyō of the Aizu han and the Iino han were adoptive brothers.

Paragraph 42: On 27 January 2022, Quantuma and the EFL announced that administrators had been given an extra month to provide proof of how Derby would be funded for the rest of the season. The EFL also rejected Derby's efforts to reclassify its footballing debts relating to the Middlesbrough and Wycombe legal actions. On 3 February, a source close to the Binnie bid told the BBC they feared the club was heading for liquidation because of financial risks relating to the legal actions. During the January transfer window, nine players left Derby, which remained under a transfer embargo and seven points from safety in the Championship, after a defeat at Huddersfield. On 4 February, trying to "unlock the impasse" over Derby's sale, former owner, Mel Morris, invited Middlesbrough and Wycombe to take their compensation claims to the High Court against him personally. On 11 February, it was announced that Morris had reached a private "accord" with Middlesbrough's owner and details had been shared with the administrators, but there was no update regarding Wycombe's claim. As the 28 February deadline approached without news of a sale, the EFL called for an urgent funding update from Quantuma. On 1 March, it was reported the EFL had no plans to expel the club despite administrators missing the deadline, and a defeat at Cardiff City left Derby eight points from safety with 11 Championship games to play. On 2 March, the administrators said they had sought "further requests for clarity from prospective purchasers" and hoped to be able to name a preferred bidder "shortly". The EFL said the "lack of progress" in naming a preferred bidder, or providing proof of funding, was "threatening the very future of Derby County". Even after Quantuma provided a forecast showing the club had "sufficient cash" to get to the end of the season, the EFL still felt "a number of challenges" remained.

Paragraph 43: Plíšková utilizes an extremely aggressive style, highlighted by her powerful, accurate serve, forceful groundstrokes, and aggressive net play, to extract errors from opponents or win points outright. Her greatest strength is her serve, which is known for its pace, power, and precision. She typically generates high first-serve percentages, and is able to serve numerous aces. Her first serve speed averages , and peaks at ; the fast speed of her first serve combined with its accurate placement and disguise make her first serve effective. Between 2013 and 2019, Plíšková ranked within the top 10 of the WTA ace count, and served the most aces of any player in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2019; in 2016, she served 530 aces, the most of any player in a single year in WTA history. She double faults infrequently, although she tends to take risks on her second serve when nervous, causing double faults to accumulate. Her groundstrokes are powerful, allowing her to hit winners from any position on the court. Her strongest groundstroke is her forehand, which she hits flat, with significant pace and power; this shot is responsible for most of the winners she hits on the court. She can generate extreme angles with both her forehand and her backhand, allowing her to hit winners at will. She also shows accuracy and power on mid-court shots, sometimes following them up to the net, where she can hit the most challenging volleys with ease due to her doubles experience. Although she mainly plays from the baseline until she creates the opportunity to approach the net and hit low-risk volley winners, Plíšková will occasionally utilise the serve-and-volley tactic to surprise her opponents. This tactic is highly effective – in the 2016 US Open final, she won 80% of her serve-and-volley points. Despite her considerable strengths, Plíšková's game is hampered by her poor movement, and lacklustre footwork. Although her movement has improved significantly since turning professional, it is still the weakest area of her game, allowing opponents to hit low-risk winners, due to the fact that she cannot reach the winning shot fast enough. Due to her poor movement, she struggles against defensive players who counterpunch, and aim to move her around the baseline – she possesses losing head-to-head records against many elite defensive players, including Simona Halep, Agnieszka Radwańska, Angelique Kerber, Caroline Wozniacki, Elina Svitolina, Ashleigh Barty, and Sloane Stephens. Plíšková's game is remarkably malleable, and is suited to all surfaces; she has won titles on hard, clay, and grass courts, although her quick and aggressive style of play is especially suited to hard courts.

Paragraph 44: Over the last hundred years, there has been a large shift from manual labor jobs (e.g. farming, manufacturing, building) to office jobs which is due to many contributing factors including globalization, outsourcing of jobs and technological advances (specifically internet and computers). In 1960, there was a decline of jobs requiring moderate physical activity from 50% to 20%, and one in two Americans had a physically demanding job, while in 2011 this ratio was one in five. From 1990 to 2016, there was a decrease of about one third in manual labor jobs/employment. In 2008, the United States American National Health Interview Survey found that 36% of adults were inactive, and 59% of adult respondents never participated in vigorous physical activity lasting more than 10 minutes per week.  According to a 2018 study, office based workers typically spend 70-85% sitting. In the US population, prevalence of sitting watching television or videos at least 2 h/d was high in 2015-2016 (ranging from 59% to 65%); the estimated prevalence of computer use outside school or work for at least 1 h/d increased from 2001 to 2016 (from 43% to 56% for children, from 53% to 57% among adolescents, and from 29% to 50% for adults); and estimated total sitting time increased from 2007 to 2016 (from 7.0 to 8.2 h/d among adolescents and from 5.5 to 6.4 h/d among adults).

Paragraph 45: Thus, members of the Seven Houses were originally Nobles and recognised as such undeniably by the inhabitants of the City of Brussels and beyond. But, as Alfred De Ridder writes in 1896 the fact that for members of the Lineages, the women conferred nobility to their husbands and, according to the old saying, "the womb ennobles", damaged the nobiliary principles of the Austrian Netherlands. However, this belief that nobility was only transmitted by men in this region is a grave historical error, as many authors have since shown. Empress Maria Theresa, in Article XIV of her edict of 11 December 1754 "regarding titles and marks of honour or nobility, bearing of arms, coats of arms and other distinctions" tried to give, by law, a definitive solution to this question: it was then forbidden to the Members to give to themselves and their wives titles and marks of nobility: "XIV Those admitted to patrician families or lineages of our cities, will not be allowed to carry swords, or to give themselves or their wives titles or marks of nobility, failure to respect this will result in a fine of 200 florins". Thus, following the entry into force of this edict in the southern Netherlands, the Lineages of Brussels were no longer able, legally, to take advantage of external marks of nobility, although the nobility was not formally denied to them by this edict. On this point, the state of the question remained unchanged in the legal order of the southern Netherlands, for the next forty years, until the abolition of all nobility and the lineage regime of Brussels by the French Revolutionary Power during the invasion of Belgian Provinces. Under the First Empire, Napoleon I gradually recreated from 1804 a new nobility, somewhat similar, all to his devotion and supposed to be a faithful supporter of his regime. The Brussels Houses had no place. Under the United Kingdom of the Netherlands, from 1815 to 1830, with a constitution that gave extensive powers to William I, members of the nobility of each province were united in the provincial equestrian bodies to which were attributed political powers. This is why, following a decree of 26 January 1822 forcing the former nobility to be recognised, only the nobles who were willing to collaborate and to support the policies of King William were recognised. But none of the numerous decrees of King William suggests that all the ancient nobility, even if not recognized by King William, would have been annihilated. Finally, the Belgian Constitution of 1831 made a clean sweep of the Loi Fondamentale of 1815 and therefore also of this decree of 1822. The Belgian National Congress intended to maintain the old nobility and by Article 75 of the Constitution, allowed the King of the Belgians to create new nobles for the future. Nothing distinct was resolved by the National Congress for the Seven Noble Houses of Brussels.

Paragraph 46: The publicised reaction to the sketch the next day from the general public and media commentators was almost universally negative. Among widespread reported disapproval from the public, especially from the families that the Make-a-Wish Foundation has helped, prime minister Kevin Rudd stated that The Chaser team "should hang their heads in shame". He went on to say that "I didn't see that but it's been described to me ... But having a go at kids with a terminal illness is really beyond the pale, absolutely beyond the pale." That morning, the Chaser team along with the ABC managing director Mark Scott apologised for airing the skit, with Scott stating that "We have unreservedly apologised for airing that skit, ... It's very clear today from the reaction that it's caused considerable offence and distress, particularly to parents of children that are seriously ill ... I've spoken to Julian Morrow from The Chaser and my understanding is that certainly wasn't the intention of the script, but that's the consequences of it." The ABC will now change their procedures for reviewing episode content which gets broadcast. Scott continued, "We're going to look at those processes ... I mean we all know that The Chaser push the edges and it's a tightrope that we walk, and I suppose there are many, many skits that they've put to air that have offended someone along the way – that's part of the nature of the satirical and black comedy that they do," The full episode was initially available for downloading or online viewing from the official website but was taken down while the skit was edited out of the episode, the edited version was then made available for download. The skit has also been cut from any further television airings and DVD releases. The ABC suspended The Chaser's War on Everything for two weeks. This was relayed via a message by The Chaser on their website, who stated that whilst they disagree with the decision to suspend the show, they apologise for making the skit, acknowledging that it went too far. When the show returned two weeks later, the controversy was referenced by the show being introduced as "The Chaser's Waste of Taxpayers' money", a reference to the fact that the show is on the government-funded ABC channel.

Paragraph 47: There are numerous prehistoric vestiges of human occupation throughout the municipality of Idanha-a-Nova (Idanha "the new"), such as menhirs and tapirs. The Romans had an important influence, namely in the civil parishes of Monsanto, Idanha-a-Velha (Idanha "the old", formerly known as the Roman Civitas Igaeditanorum and the Germanic Egitânia) and Ladoeiro and in the countryside around the town of Idanha-a-Nova proper, where there was a Roman villa, immortalized in an ancient mosaic. After the fall of the Roman Empire, the Suevi and Visigoths dominated, and is from that time the creation of the now extinct Bishopric of Egitânia. In terms of architectural heritage, Egitânia (Idanha-a-Velha) stands out as an archaeological site from the year 534, which was one of the most important cities in Lusitania at a time, with the remaining sections of Roman pavements and the Romanesque bridge, built over the Ponsul River. In 1187, a castle was built by Gualdim Pais, a Portuguese crusader, Knight Templar in the service of Afonso Henriques of Portugal. King Sancho I (1185-1211) granted Idanha a foral charter in 1201 in order to encourage the settlement and defence of the land. His successor, King Alfonso II (1211-1223) confirmed this charter in 1219 renaming the village with the current place names (Idanha-a-Nova) to distinguish it from the old Idanha (hereinafter Idanha-a-Velha), 18 kilometers away. The village of Idanha-a-Nova has developed a lot since then, at the same time Idanha-a-Velha went into steady decline. In the late fifteenth century, King Manuel I of Portugal (1495–1521), was surprised with the difference in the development of the two Idanhas (1496) and in June 1510, recognizing the progress of Idanha-a-Nova, granted it new charter. At this time, the town and its castle, including the layout, was recorded down by Duarte de Armas in his Book of Fortresses in 1509. A border municipality with Spain, the whole area was theatre of war, skirmishes and invasions throughout several periods in Portuguese history. A large part of the population of the entire area migrated to other parts of Portugal and foreign countries from the 1960s onwards. The massive exodus was due to economic reasons since the area remained cut-off from the rest of the country and neighboring Spain as well as largely underdeveloped throughout most of the 20th century. From the 2000s to the early 2020s, thanks to EU structural and cohesion funds, inland Portugal's settlement policies, the rise of tourism in Portugal and a wave of foreign direct investment, the depopulation phenomenon was mitigated but the municipality is still characterized by stagnation in population growth and intense population ageing.

Paragraph 48: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.

Paragraph 49: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.