Paragraph 1: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 2: Correction to the immediately preceding section, December 2020..............The “Walk-Thru” was a Rootes commercial vehicle range utilising 'truck duty’ types of chassis, fitted with various van and non-van bodywork arrangements and having a payload of between 30 cwt and 3 tons. Consequently, those chassis utilised a 'truck duty’ type of gearbox, which had nothing in common with any gearbox ever used by Humber.The Series Humber Hawk always shared the underlying design of its manually operated transmission with the so-called 'Light Car Range' models (e.g. ‘Series’ Hillman Minx, ‘Series’ Sunbeam Alpine and Sunbeam Rapier, Hillman Super Minx Mark I to IV and many others, also used on all the Hunter range models and with a special remote shift floor linkage for the Commer and Dodge Light Forward Control vans (and campervans). Many detail differences applied throughout the full set of uses of that gearbox design but the major differences adopted for the Hawk use were in the connection to the propeller shaft (flange for The Hawk, with splines within the propshaft ; splined mainshaft rear coupling and a fixed length propshaft elsewhere) and in the detail of the column change gear selection covers needed to suit the linkages that were attached to the Hawk bodyshell and its column mounted gear shift lever. Note also that all the relevant Rootes models adopted a revised gearbox design circa 1964, which was a redesign that provided synchromesh for first gear and a larger diameter first motion shaft. Gear selection covers for either column or floor change cannot be interchanged between the ‘all synchromesh’ boxes and the predecessor design, as the redesign also relocated the reverse gear idler mechanism from the right hand side of the gearbox to the left hand side, so the three selector shafts were relocated accordingly and the gear shift pattern went from ‘reverse on the left via a detent’ to ‘first on the left with no detent required (reverse detent to the right instead)’. However, in both cases there will be a floor change top cover available to match any model of Series Humber Hawk and that can be acquired from any of the Light Car models when fitted with a floor change, as long as the gearbox casing on that vehicle is the same as the relevant Hawk casing. Such a ‘remote’ floor change top cover can simply be installed on to the Hawk gearbox and the Hawk would thus acquire a floor change. However, there will not be enough clearance in the Hawk bodyshell to allow that to be done straight away – bespoke modifications will be required beforehand to provide the necessary ‘tunnel’ clearance for the non-original top cover and a neat means to seal around the floor change lever. The lever itself can also be found in several different configurations, some almost vertical and others cranked a long way towards the rear of the vehicle (e.g. Hillman Hunter, so that type of lever only applicable to all synchromesh gearboxes). For a Hawk with a bench seat an almost vertical lever will be required and even then it will end up quite close to the seat, so three abreast usage of said bench would become less straightforward than might have been applicable hitherto (but only where all relevant safety regulations and advice might still give rise to that sort of usage anyway)

Paragraph 3: Captain Robert Falcon Scott, leader of the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901-1904), discovered the Drygalski Ice Tongue in January 1902 and named it for Professor Erich von Drygalski, a contemporary German explorer then in Antarctica. The glacier that feeds the ice tongue was named after Edgeworth David. David and Douglas Mawson crossed the ice tongue in 1908/09 as part of the Nimrod Expedition. The Terra Nova Northern Party expedition did the same in 1912 during their return journey to Cape Evans. The name Drygalski Ice Tongue is unusual, as it is now common to give the same name to a glacier and its glacier tongue and refer to the seaward extension as a glacier tongue.

Paragraph 4: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 5: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 6: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 7: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 8: The capital of Anseba region is Keren and it has an area of about 23,000 km2. It is named after the Anseba River around which the region is situated. The river begins in the central Eritrean highland plateau, in the suburbs northwest of the capital Asmara. It then descends northwards into the northwestern lowlands, traversing the mountains of Rora Habab and Sahel before joining the Barka River near the border with Sudan. Other towns in this region include Halhal. The region borders Gash-Barka to the south, the Maekel (Central) region to the south-east, the Northern Red Sea Region to the east and north, and the Sudan to the west. The topography of the region has highland plateau, which are cooler than the regions around the coastal plains. There are two rainy seasons, the heavier one during summer and the lighter one during spring. The climate and geography of the region along with other regions of Eritrea is similar to the one of Ethiopia. The average elevation in the region is around  to . The hottest month is May recording temperatures up to , while the coldest month is December to February when it reaches freezing temperature. The region received around  of rainfall and the soil is conducive for agriculture.

Paragraph 9: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 10: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 11: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 12: He entered in 1978 the Antwerp conservatory to study early music and recorder.  He graduated 4 years later and he then decided to study contemporary music and jazz at the Liège conservatory.  Frederic Rzewski, Henri Pousseur and Garrett List were among his teachers.  In 1986 Defoort released his first recording with his quintet Diva Smiles.  The next year, he went to New York to study at New York Long Island University, Brooklyn.  He recorded there with Vincent Herring and Jack DeJohnette.  On his return in 1991, he founded his own ensemble named K.D.'s Pretty Big Basement Party.  The following year, he recorded the first CD for De Werf label (based in Bruges) with K. D.'s Basement Party.  They toured in France, Belgium and the Netherlands in 1991 and then released a CD called "Sketches of Belgium" the next year, a reference to Miles Davis's "Sketches of Spain".  The album, the first edited by De Werf, included an instrumental cover of Sting's Roxanne as well as two songs written by Thelonious Monk.  In 1995 Defoort composed (with Fabrizio Cassol) the Variations on a Love Supreme.  Defoort took part in the Octurn project in 1996 (he had already composed their 1994 album) and began to play with Mark Turner.  A year later he recorded with Aka Moon on Elohim.  He then formed a new ensemble (Dreamtime). He also has his own quartet with Mark Turner (tenor saxophone), Nicolas Thys (bass guitar and double bass) and Jim Black (drums).

Paragraph 13: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 14: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 15: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 16: The world's first antibiotic, penicillin, is produced by a strain of the mold Penicillium rubens (formerly Penicillium chrysogenum). Though the history of penicillin is centuries long, Scottish physician Alexander Fleming is usually credited with initiating the modern era of penicillin discovery, research, and development when he found the mold (Penicillium notatum, now also P. rubens) growing on a culture plate in his laboratory in 1928.  Penicillin is effective on gram-positive bacteria. The antibiotic-producing strains of Penicillium in the early years produced relatively low yields of unstable penicillin. The yields were so low that urine from treated patients was collected and the penicillin remaining extracted and reused.  At Oxford University in England a team including Dr. Howard Florey, Dr. Ernst Chain and Norman Heatley took up the goal of finding solutions to penicillin recovery issues. After a referral on who best to contact about increasing production, Florey and  Heatley secretly came to Peoria Illinois on July 14, 1941 with their penicillin producing mold.  WW2 necessitated moving of the work on penicillin to the United States where industrial supplies were not as constrained for the war effort. They met with personnel at the USDA (then Northern Regional Research Laboratory, NRRL, now National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research, NCAUR).  There at the "Ag Lab" corn steep liquor, a byproduct of alcohol production, had been used for growing mold cultures in the past.  It was found out later that phenylacetic acid, a side chain precursor of penicillin was present in quantity in the liqour and had increased yields.  Other additions to the growth media such as lactose(milk sugar) were restricted during the war for penicillin production.  Major breakthroughs at the Ag Lab came in the years between 1941 and 1943, when higher yielding strains were isolated. After the isolation trials selected the most promising mold strains, methods for the industrialized production of penicillin were developed there in Peoria, Illinois. The strain having the highest production was found on a moldy cantaloupe in Peoria, IL.  This strain was improved upon by research at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (formerly the Carnegie Institution of Washington) and the University of Wisconsin.  Strains were given out to other researchers and interested industrial firms.  The mass production techniques developed at the Ag Lab enabled the United States and its allies to have penicillin available for the D-Day invasion in 1944.  After an initial few, eventually about twenty industrial partners helped increase the yields of penicillin. On March 15, 1945 penicilin was made available to the public after being available some months before to hospitals and doctors.

Paragraph 17: Hall was a member of the Legislative Council from 1876 to 1879 before resigning, wishing to re-enter the lower house. Thinking his previous seat of Heathcote unsuitable for his candidacy he accepted the offer of the retiring Cecil Fitzroy to stand in his vacated seat of Selwyn and was elected for it unopposed at the 1879 general election. At the same election the opposition leader, William Fox, was defeated leading Fox to invite Hall to succeed him on 6 September. Hall accepted the leadership and at the first opposition caucus following the election he was confirmed as leader, being elected unanimously.

Paragraph 18: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 19: The world's first antibiotic, penicillin, is produced by a strain of the mold Penicillium rubens (formerly Penicillium chrysogenum). Though the history of penicillin is centuries long, Scottish physician Alexander Fleming is usually credited with initiating the modern era of penicillin discovery, research, and development when he found the mold (Penicillium notatum, now also P. rubens) growing on a culture plate in his laboratory in 1928.  Penicillin is effective on gram-positive bacteria. The antibiotic-producing strains of Penicillium in the early years produced relatively low yields of unstable penicillin. The yields were so low that urine from treated patients was collected and the penicillin remaining extracted and reused.  At Oxford University in England a team including Dr. Howard Florey, Dr. Ernst Chain and Norman Heatley took up the goal of finding solutions to penicillin recovery issues. After a referral on who best to contact about increasing production, Florey and  Heatley secretly came to Peoria Illinois on July 14, 1941 with their penicillin producing mold.  WW2 necessitated moving of the work on penicillin to the United States where industrial supplies were not as constrained for the war effort. They met with personnel at the USDA (then Northern Regional Research Laboratory, NRRL, now National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research, NCAUR).  There at the "Ag Lab" corn steep liquor, a byproduct of alcohol production, had been used for growing mold cultures in the past.  It was found out later that phenylacetic acid, a side chain precursor of penicillin was present in quantity in the liqour and had increased yields.  Other additions to the growth media such as lactose(milk sugar) were restricted during the war for penicillin production.  Major breakthroughs at the Ag Lab came in the years between 1941 and 1943, when higher yielding strains were isolated. After the isolation trials selected the most promising mold strains, methods for the industrialized production of penicillin were developed there in Peoria, Illinois. The strain having the highest production was found on a moldy cantaloupe in Peoria, IL.  This strain was improved upon by research at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (formerly the Carnegie Institution of Washington) and the University of Wisconsin.  Strains were given out to other researchers and interested industrial firms.  The mass production techniques developed at the Ag Lab enabled the United States and its allies to have penicillin available for the D-Day invasion in 1944.  After an initial few, eventually about twenty industrial partners helped increase the yields of penicillin. On March 15, 1945 penicilin was made available to the public after being available some months before to hospitals and doctors.

Paragraph 20: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 21: The capital of Anseba region is Keren and it has an area of about 23,000 km2. It is named after the Anseba River around which the region is situated. The river begins in the central Eritrean highland plateau, in the suburbs northwest of the capital Asmara. It then descends northwards into the northwestern lowlands, traversing the mountains of Rora Habab and Sahel before joining the Barka River near the border with Sudan. Other towns in this region include Halhal. The region borders Gash-Barka to the south, the Maekel (Central) region to the south-east, the Northern Red Sea Region to the east and north, and the Sudan to the west. The topography of the region has highland plateau, which are cooler than the regions around the coastal plains. There are two rainy seasons, the heavier one during summer and the lighter one during spring. The climate and geography of the region along with other regions of Eritrea is similar to the one of Ethiopia. The average elevation in the region is around  to . The hottest month is May recording temperatures up to , while the coldest month is December to February when it reaches freezing temperature. The region received around  of rainfall and the soil is conducive for agriculture.

Paragraph 22: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 23: The capital of Anseba region is Keren and it has an area of about 23,000 km2. It is named after the Anseba River around which the region is situated. The river begins in the central Eritrean highland plateau, in the suburbs northwest of the capital Asmara. It then descends northwards into the northwestern lowlands, traversing the mountains of Rora Habab and Sahel before joining the Barka River near the border with Sudan. Other towns in this region include Halhal. The region borders Gash-Barka to the south, the Maekel (Central) region to the south-east, the Northern Red Sea Region to the east and north, and the Sudan to the west. The topography of the region has highland plateau, which are cooler than the regions around the coastal plains. There are two rainy seasons, the heavier one during summer and the lighter one during spring. The climate and geography of the region along with other regions of Eritrea is similar to the one of Ethiopia. The average elevation in the region is around  to . The hottest month is May recording temperatures up to , while the coldest month is December to February when it reaches freezing temperature. The region received around  of rainfall and the soil is conducive for agriculture.

Paragraph 24: Captain Robert Falcon Scott, leader of the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901-1904), discovered the Drygalski Ice Tongue in January 1902 and named it for Professor Erich von Drygalski, a contemporary German explorer then in Antarctica. The glacier that feeds the ice tongue was named after Edgeworth David. David and Douglas Mawson crossed the ice tongue in 1908/09 as part of the Nimrod Expedition. The Terra Nova Northern Party expedition did the same in 1912 during their return journey to Cape Evans. The name Drygalski Ice Tongue is unusual, as it is now common to give the same name to a glacier and its glacier tongue and refer to the seaward extension as a glacier tongue.

Paragraph 25: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 26: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 27: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 28: Captain Robert Falcon Scott, leader of the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901-1904), discovered the Drygalski Ice Tongue in January 1902 and named it for Professor Erich von Drygalski, a contemporary German explorer then in Antarctica. The glacier that feeds the ice tongue was named after Edgeworth David. David and Douglas Mawson crossed the ice tongue in 1908/09 as part of the Nimrod Expedition. The Terra Nova Northern Party expedition did the same in 1912 during their return journey to Cape Evans. The name Drygalski Ice Tongue is unusual, as it is now common to give the same name to a glacier and its glacier tongue and refer to the seaward extension as a glacier tongue.

Paragraph 29: Correction to the immediately preceding section, December 2020..............The “Walk-Thru” was a Rootes commercial vehicle range utilising 'truck duty’ types of chassis, fitted with various van and non-van bodywork arrangements and having a payload of between 30 cwt and 3 tons. Consequently, those chassis utilised a 'truck duty’ type of gearbox, which had nothing in common with any gearbox ever used by Humber.The Series Humber Hawk always shared the underlying design of its manually operated transmission with the so-called 'Light Car Range' models (e.g. ‘Series’ Hillman Minx, ‘Series’ Sunbeam Alpine and Sunbeam Rapier, Hillman Super Minx Mark I to IV and many others, also used on all the Hunter range models and with a special remote shift floor linkage for the Commer and Dodge Light Forward Control vans (and campervans). Many detail differences applied throughout the full set of uses of that gearbox design but the major differences adopted for the Hawk use were in the connection to the propeller shaft (flange for The Hawk, with splines within the propshaft ; splined mainshaft rear coupling and a fixed length propshaft elsewhere) and in the detail of the column change gear selection covers needed to suit the linkages that were attached to the Hawk bodyshell and its column mounted gear shift lever. Note also that all the relevant Rootes models adopted a revised gearbox design circa 1964, which was a redesign that provided synchromesh for first gear and a larger diameter first motion shaft. Gear selection covers for either column or floor change cannot be interchanged between the ‘all synchromesh’ boxes and the predecessor design, as the redesign also relocated the reverse gear idler mechanism from the right hand side of the gearbox to the left hand side, so the three selector shafts were relocated accordingly and the gear shift pattern went from ‘reverse on the left via a detent’ to ‘first on the left with no detent required (reverse detent to the right instead)’. However, in both cases there will be a floor change top cover available to match any model of Series Humber Hawk and that can be acquired from any of the Light Car models when fitted with a floor change, as long as the gearbox casing on that vehicle is the same as the relevant Hawk casing. Such a ‘remote’ floor change top cover can simply be installed on to the Hawk gearbox and the Hawk would thus acquire a floor change. However, there will not be enough clearance in the Hawk bodyshell to allow that to be done straight away – bespoke modifications will be required beforehand to provide the necessary ‘tunnel’ clearance for the non-original top cover and a neat means to seal around the floor change lever. The lever itself can also be found in several different configurations, some almost vertical and others cranked a long way towards the rear of the vehicle (e.g. Hillman Hunter, so that type of lever only applicable to all synchromesh gearboxes). For a Hawk with a bench seat an almost vertical lever will be required and even then it will end up quite close to the seat, so three abreast usage of said bench would become less straightforward than might have been applicable hitherto (but only where all relevant safety regulations and advice might still give rise to that sort of usage anyway)

Paragraph 30: Hall was a member of the Legislative Council from 1876 to 1879 before resigning, wishing to re-enter the lower house. Thinking his previous seat of Heathcote unsuitable for his candidacy he accepted the offer of the retiring Cecil Fitzroy to stand in his vacated seat of Selwyn and was elected for it unopposed at the 1879 general election. At the same election the opposition leader, William Fox, was defeated leading Fox to invite Hall to succeed him on 6 September. Hall accepted the leadership and at the first opposition caucus following the election he was confirmed as leader, being elected unanimously.

Paragraph 31: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 32: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 33: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 34: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.

Paragraph 35: The song received favorable reviews from most music critics. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine found that it has "a comforting melancholy". David Bauder from The Associated Press said that it keeps "the pace slow and the mood melancholy." Larry Flick from Billboard called it a "spare, honest, and emotional track", adding "when the strings kick in, there's no denying this song's power." Bevan Hannah from The Canberra Times noted "the smoothly caressing guitar". Another editor, Larry McShane described it as "haunting". Randy Clark from Cashbox named it the "strongest" cut of the album. Another editor, Troy J. Augusto, felt it "might be a hard sell at radio, given the somber mood and suicide related theme". He complimented the singer's "silky vocals and the song's lush string section [that] provide this track's main appeal." Justin Wilson from The Cavalier Daily also named it "the best song on the album, one of R.E.M.'s best songs ever". He declared it as "emotionally moving" and "deeply affecting". Greg Kot from Chicago Tribune stated that it is "a ballad that would border on the maudlin if Stipe didn't sing it with such conviction". Ron Fell from the Gavin Report felt that Stipe's "powerful and emotional life-affirming message comes across very clear." He named it "a favorite track" from the album. 

Paragraph 36: A variation on the anaglyph technique from the early 2000s is called "Anachrome method". This approach is an attempt to provide images that look nearly normal, without glasses, for small images, either 2D or 3D, with most of the negative qualities being masked innately by the small display. Being "compatible" for small size posting in conventional websites or magazines. Usually a larger file can be selected that will fully present the 3D with the dramatic definition. The 3D (Z axis) depth effect is generally more subtle than simple anaglyph images, which are usually made from wider spaced stereo pairs. Anachrome images are shot with a typically narrower stereo base, (the distance between the camera lenses). Pains are taken to adjust for a better overlay fit of the two images, which are layered one on top of another. Only a few pixels of non-registration give the depth cues. The range of color perceived, is noticeably wider in Anachrome image, when viewed with the intended filters. This is due to the deliberate passage of a small (1 to 2%) of the red information through the cyan filter. Warmer tones can be boosted, because each eye sees some color reference to red. The brain responds in the mental blending process and usual perception. It is claimed to provide warmer and more complex perceived skin tones and vividness.

Paragraph 37: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 38: The capital of Anseba region is Keren and it has an area of about 23,000 km2. It is named after the Anseba River around which the region is situated. The river begins in the central Eritrean highland plateau, in the suburbs northwest of the capital Asmara. It then descends northwards into the northwestern lowlands, traversing the mountains of Rora Habab and Sahel before joining the Barka River near the border with Sudan. Other towns in this region include Halhal. The region borders Gash-Barka to the south, the Maekel (Central) region to the south-east, the Northern Red Sea Region to the east and north, and the Sudan to the west. The topography of the region has highland plateau, which are cooler than the regions around the coastal plains. There are two rainy seasons, the heavier one during summer and the lighter one during spring. The climate and geography of the region along with other regions of Eritrea is similar to the one of Ethiopia. The average elevation in the region is around  to . The hottest month is May recording temperatures up to , while the coldest month is December to February when it reaches freezing temperature. The region received around  of rainfall and the soil is conducive for agriculture.

Paragraph 39: Captain Robert Falcon Scott, leader of the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901-1904), discovered the Drygalski Ice Tongue in January 1902 and named it for Professor Erich von Drygalski, a contemporary German explorer then in Antarctica. The glacier that feeds the ice tongue was named after Edgeworth David. David and Douglas Mawson crossed the ice tongue in 1908/09 as part of the Nimrod Expedition. The Terra Nova Northern Party expedition did the same in 1912 during their return journey to Cape Evans. The name Drygalski Ice Tongue is unusual, as it is now common to give the same name to a glacier and its glacier tongue and refer to the seaward extension as a glacier tongue.

Paragraph 40: He entered in 1978 the Antwerp conservatory to study early music and recorder.  He graduated 4 years later and he then decided to study contemporary music and jazz at the Liège conservatory.  Frederic Rzewski, Henri Pousseur and Garrett List were among his teachers.  In 1986 Defoort released his first recording with his quintet Diva Smiles.  The next year, he went to New York to study at New York Long Island University, Brooklyn.  He recorded there with Vincent Herring and Jack DeJohnette.  On his return in 1991, he founded his own ensemble named K.D.'s Pretty Big Basement Party.  The following year, he recorded the first CD for De Werf label (based in Bruges) with K. D.'s Basement Party.  They toured in France, Belgium and the Netherlands in 1991 and then released a CD called "Sketches of Belgium" the next year, a reference to Miles Davis's "Sketches of Spain".  The album, the first edited by De Werf, included an instrumental cover of Sting's Roxanne as well as two songs written by Thelonious Monk.  In 1995 Defoort composed (with Fabrizio Cassol) the Variations on a Love Supreme.  Defoort took part in the Octurn project in 1996 (he had already composed their 1994 album) and began to play with Mark Turner.  A year later he recorded with Aka Moon on Elohim.  He then formed a new ensemble (Dreamtime). He also has his own quartet with Mark Turner (tenor saxophone), Nicolas Thys (bass guitar and double bass) and Jim Black (drums).

Paragraph 41: The Dutch traders at Dejima in Nagasaki were the only Europeans tolerated in Japan from 1639 until 1853 (the Dutch had a trading post in Hirado from 1609 till 1641 before they had to move to Dejima), and their movements were carefully watched and strictly controlled, being limited initially to one yearly trip to give their homage to the shōgun in Edo. They became instrumental, however, in transmitting to Japan some knowledge of the industrial and scientific revolution that was occurring in Europe: In 1720 the ban on Dutch books was lifted and the Japanese purchased and translated scientific books from the Dutch, obtained from them Western curiosities and manufactures (such as clocks, medical instruments, celestial and terrestrial globes, maps and plant seeds) and received demonstrations of Western innovations, including of electrical phenomena, as well as the flight of a hot air balloon in the early 19th century. While other European countries faced ideological and political battles associated with the Protestant Reformation, the Netherlands were a free state, attracting leading thinkers such as René Descartes.

Paragraph 42: Captain Robert Falcon Scott, leader of the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901-1904), discovered the Drygalski Ice Tongue in January 1902 and named it for Professor Erich von Drygalski, a contemporary German explorer then in Antarctica. The glacier that feeds the ice tongue was named after Edgeworth David. David and Douglas Mawson crossed the ice tongue in 1908/09 as part of the Nimrod Expedition. The Terra Nova Northern Party expedition did the same in 1912 during their return journey to Cape Evans. The name Drygalski Ice Tongue is unusual, as it is now common to give the same name to a glacier and its glacier tongue and refer to the seaward extension as a glacier tongue.

Paragraph 43: He entered in 1978 the Antwerp conservatory to study early music and recorder.  He graduated 4 years later and he then decided to study contemporary music and jazz at the Liège conservatory.  Frederic Rzewski, Henri Pousseur and Garrett List were among his teachers.  In 1986 Defoort released his first recording with his quintet Diva Smiles.  The next year, he went to New York to study at New York Long Island University, Brooklyn.  He recorded there with Vincent Herring and Jack DeJohnette.  On his return in 1991, he founded his own ensemble named K.D.'s Pretty Big Basement Party.  The following year, he recorded the first CD for De Werf label (based in Bruges) with K. D.'s Basement Party.  They toured in France, Belgium and the Netherlands in 1991 and then released a CD called "Sketches of Belgium" the next year, a reference to Miles Davis's "Sketches of Spain".  The album, the first edited by De Werf, included an instrumental cover of Sting's Roxanne as well as two songs written by Thelonious Monk.  In 1995 Defoort composed (with Fabrizio Cassol) the Variations on a Love Supreme.  Defoort took part in the Octurn project in 1996 (he had already composed their 1994 album) and began to play with Mark Turner.  A year later he recorded with Aka Moon on Elohim.  He then formed a new ensemble (Dreamtime). He also has his own quartet with Mark Turner (tenor saxophone), Nicolas Thys (bass guitar and double bass) and Jim Black (drums).

Paragraph 44: Vaz was thereafter imprisoned and kept under very close observation so that his actions may be reported to the King Vimaladharmasurya II. When the king was satisfied that he was a harmless person who spent most of his time in religious devotions and that John was really his servant, he ordered that they be placed in house detention with strict injunctions that they should not leave the premises. Vaz made use of his enforced inactivity to study the Sinhala language. After some time John and he put up a rough shed with an altar and a wooden cross and prayed therein, on their knees, morning, noon and night within sight of the public. On Christmas night of 1691 he said Mass for the first time in Kandy and as no objection was raised by anyone he continued to do so thereafter, regularly. When this news spread, one Catholic after another obtained the King's permission to meet him for the Sacraments and Mass. After some time the King permitted him to leave the premises but ordered that he should never cross the river that surrounded the city. Concurrently with this relaxation he got the Catholics to build a church to replace the shed put up by him and on 2 September 1692 he requested his Congregation in Goa to send priests to assist him. From that time onwards he openly ministered to the Catholics in the town and to those who came from the villages. Whenever he received a message that a Catholic was sick or dying beyond the river, he did not hesitate to go despite the prohibition and it is to the credit of those whose business it was to see that the prohibition was observed that they never reported these infringements owing to his repute as a very holy man.