Paragraph 1: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 2: The Great Nicobar Development Plan is a massive infrastructure plan (including a major transshipment port, airport, and future strategic defense) for the southern tip of Great Nicobar Island, India. The plan has generated conflict concerning consequences of deforestation and giant leatherback sea turtle nesting sites. The plan was proposed on January 18, 2021 by an Indian policy think tank (NITI Aayog) informed by a feasibility report written by AECOM India Private Limited. Environmental Justice groups have pushed back claiming that the development plan would make it unlikely that the leatherback sea turtles would continue to nest in the Galathea Bay - as well as negatively impact the nomadic livelihoods of the indigenous Shompen people. The NITI Aayog plan also envisages 650,000 people to inhabit the island by 2050. Its current population is only around 8,500. In fact, the total population of the archipelago, composed of over 500 islands but of which around 40 are inhabited, is around 380,000. The increase in population is expected to impose a significant ecological pressure on the island and its surroundings.

Paragraph 3: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 4: With the purpose of creating a single entity with responsibility for ensuring public safety in Canada, the Department of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness was created in December 2003 during a reorganization of the federal government. Created as a direct result of lessons learned from the September 11 attacks on the United States in 2001, the department is in many ways similar to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security; it does not cover the protection of maritime sovereignty (which is covered by the Canadian Forces, Transport Canada, and Fisheries and Oceans Canada), and it does not have general jurisdiction over immigration (it took over immigration enforcement functions most visibly at borders and ports of landing, but the separate department Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada manages application and screening, settlement services, and naturalization).

Paragraph 5: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 6: One of Duka's chief concerns was the long-standing issue of the restitution of church property, which had been confiscated by the communist regime and which was either never fully returned or for which the church never received compensation. The Czech Republic is one of the last countries in Europe not to have ratified a treaty with the Holy See. After previous attempts at an agreement had failed –most notably in 2008 under Cardinal Miloslav Vlk –the Czech government in mid-January 2012 agreed to a compensation plan, under which the country's seventeen churches, both Catholic and Protestant, would get 56% of their former property now held by the state, an amount estimated at 75 billion koruna ($3.7 billion), and another 59 billion koruna ($2.9 billion) in financial compensation paid over the next thirty years. The state will also gradually stop covering the churches' expenses over the next seventeen years.

Paragraph 7: The Great Nicobar Development Plan is a massive infrastructure plan (including a major transshipment port, airport, and future strategic defense) for the southern tip of Great Nicobar Island, India. The plan has generated conflict concerning consequences of deforestation and giant leatherback sea turtle nesting sites. The plan was proposed on January 18, 2021 by an Indian policy think tank (NITI Aayog) informed by a feasibility report written by AECOM India Private Limited. Environmental Justice groups have pushed back claiming that the development plan would make it unlikely that the leatherback sea turtles would continue to nest in the Galathea Bay - as well as negatively impact the nomadic livelihoods of the indigenous Shompen people. The NITI Aayog plan also envisages 650,000 people to inhabit the island by 2050. Its current population is only around 8,500. In fact, the total population of the archipelago, composed of over 500 islands but of which around 40 are inhabited, is around 380,000. The increase in population is expected to impose a significant ecological pressure on the island and its surroundings.

Paragraph 8: On 11 June 1927, the 100-year anniversary of Allan Cunningham's exploration of the Darling Downs, the new road through Cunningham's Gap was officially opened by the local Member of Parliament, Sir Littleton Groom. Although the road, which was built entirely by volunteers, was officially open, travelling along this new route was inadvisable, especially on the portion west of Aratula. The road was plagued by problems during this early embryonic stage with the Royal Automobile Club of Queensland announcing that the road was closed, less than one month after it was officially opened. The new sealed road through the gap was eventually opened in November 1949.

Paragraph 9: One of Duka's chief concerns was the long-standing issue of the restitution of church property, which had been confiscated by the communist regime and which was either never fully returned or for which the church never received compensation. The Czech Republic is one of the last countries in Europe not to have ratified a treaty with the Holy See. After previous attempts at an agreement had failed –most notably in 2008 under Cardinal Miloslav Vlk –the Czech government in mid-January 2012 agreed to a compensation plan, under which the country's seventeen churches, both Catholic and Protestant, would get 56% of their former property now held by the state, an amount estimated at 75 billion koruna ($3.7 billion), and another 59 billion koruna ($2.9 billion) in financial compensation paid over the next thirty years. The state will also gradually stop covering the churches' expenses over the next seventeen years.

Paragraph 10: The rank insignia of a master corporal is a 2-bar chevron, worn point down, surmounted by a maple leaf. Embroidered rank badges are worn in "CF gold" thread on rifle green (Army) melton, or in silver on Air Force blue (Air Force) melton, stitched to the upper sleeves of the Service Dress jacket; as miniature gold metal and rifle-green enamel badges on the collars of the Army dress shirt and Army outerwear jackets; in "old-gold" thread on Air Force blue slip-ons on Air Force shirts, sweaters, and coats; and in white (Army) or dark blue (Air Force) thread on CADPAT slip-ons on the Operational Dress uniform. Insignia for mess kit is determined by branch or regimental tradition.

Paragraph 11: One of Duka's chief concerns was the long-standing issue of the restitution of church property, which had been confiscated by the communist regime and which was either never fully returned or for which the church never received compensation. The Czech Republic is one of the last countries in Europe not to have ratified a treaty with the Holy See. After previous attempts at an agreement had failed –most notably in 2008 under Cardinal Miloslav Vlk –the Czech government in mid-January 2012 agreed to a compensation plan, under which the country's seventeen churches, both Catholic and Protestant, would get 56% of their former property now held by the state, an amount estimated at 75 billion koruna ($3.7 billion), and another 59 billion koruna ($2.9 billion) in financial compensation paid over the next thirty years. The state will also gradually stop covering the churches' expenses over the next seventeen years.

Paragraph 12: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 13: On 11 June 1927, the 100-year anniversary of Allan Cunningham's exploration of the Darling Downs, the new road through Cunningham's Gap was officially opened by the local Member of Parliament, Sir Littleton Groom. Although the road, which was built entirely by volunteers, was officially open, travelling along this new route was inadvisable, especially on the portion west of Aratula. The road was plagued by problems during this early embryonic stage with the Royal Automobile Club of Queensland announcing that the road was closed, less than one month after it was officially opened. The new sealed road through the gap was eventually opened in November 1949.

Paragraph 14: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 15: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.

Paragraph 16: On 11 June 1927, the 100-year anniversary of Allan Cunningham's exploration of the Darling Downs, the new road through Cunningham's Gap was officially opened by the local Member of Parliament, Sir Littleton Groom. Although the road, which was built entirely by volunteers, was officially open, travelling along this new route was inadvisable, especially on the portion west of Aratula. The road was plagued by problems during this early embryonic stage with the Royal Automobile Club of Queensland announcing that the road was closed, less than one month after it was officially opened. The new sealed road through the gap was eventually opened in November 1949.

Paragraph 17: The rank insignia of a master corporal is a 2-bar chevron, worn point down, surmounted by a maple leaf. Embroidered rank badges are worn in "CF gold" thread on rifle green (Army) melton, or in silver on Air Force blue (Air Force) melton, stitched to the upper sleeves of the Service Dress jacket; as miniature gold metal and rifle-green enamel badges on the collars of the Army dress shirt and Army outerwear jackets; in "old-gold" thread on Air Force blue slip-ons on Air Force shirts, sweaters, and coats; and in white (Army) or dark blue (Air Force) thread on CADPAT slip-ons on the Operational Dress uniform. Insignia for mess kit is determined by branch or regimental tradition.

Paragraph 18: On 11 June 1927, the 100-year anniversary of Allan Cunningham's exploration of the Darling Downs, the new road through Cunningham's Gap was officially opened by the local Member of Parliament, Sir Littleton Groom. Although the road, which was built entirely by volunteers, was officially open, travelling along this new route was inadvisable, especially on the portion west of Aratula. The road was plagued by problems during this early embryonic stage with the Royal Automobile Club of Queensland announcing that the road was closed, less than one month after it was officially opened. The new sealed road through the gap was eventually opened in November 1949.

Paragraph 19: Pain may be experienced as a result of irritation to the sensory nerve roots by bone depending on the degree of displacement and the presence of any rotatory positioning of the individual spinal motion segments. The soft tissue of the disc is often caused to bulge in retrolistheses. These cannot be determined by plain films, as the x-ray passes through the soft tissue. A study by Giles et al., stated that sixteen of the thirty patients (53%) had retrolisthesis of L5 on S1 ranging from 2–9 mm; these patients had either intervertebral disc bulging or protrusion on CT examination ranging from 3–7 mm into the spinal canal. Fourteen patients (47%) without retrolisthesis (control group) did not show any retrolisthesis and the CT did not show any bulge/protrusion. On categorizing x-ray and CT pathology as being present or not, the well positioned i.e. true lateral plain x-ray film revealed a sensitivity and specificity of 100% ([95% Confidence Interval. = [89%–100%]) for bulge/protrusion in this preliminary study.” (7)

Paragraph 20: The rank insignia of a master corporal is a 2-bar chevron, worn point down, surmounted by a maple leaf. Embroidered rank badges are worn in "CF gold" thread on rifle green (Army) melton, or in silver on Air Force blue (Air Force) melton, stitched to the upper sleeves of the Service Dress jacket; as miniature gold metal and rifle-green enamel badges on the collars of the Army dress shirt and Army outerwear jackets; in "old-gold" thread on Air Force blue slip-ons on Air Force shirts, sweaters, and coats; and in white (Army) or dark blue (Air Force) thread on CADPAT slip-ons on the Operational Dress uniform. Insignia for mess kit is determined by branch or regimental tradition.

Paragraph 21: The Great Nicobar Development Plan is a massive infrastructure plan (including a major transshipment port, airport, and future strategic defense) for the southern tip of Great Nicobar Island, India. The plan has generated conflict concerning consequences of deforestation and giant leatherback sea turtle nesting sites. The plan was proposed on January 18, 2021 by an Indian policy think tank (NITI Aayog) informed by a feasibility report written by AECOM India Private Limited. Environmental Justice groups have pushed back claiming that the development plan would make it unlikely that the leatherback sea turtles would continue to nest in the Galathea Bay - as well as negatively impact the nomadic livelihoods of the indigenous Shompen people. The NITI Aayog plan also envisages 650,000 people to inhabit the island by 2050. Its current population is only around 8,500. In fact, the total population of the archipelago, composed of over 500 islands but of which around 40 are inhabited, is around 380,000. The increase in population is expected to impose a significant ecological pressure on the island and its surroundings.

Paragraph 22: One of Duka's chief concerns was the long-standing issue of the restitution of church property, which had been confiscated by the communist regime and which was either never fully returned or for which the church never received compensation. The Czech Republic is one of the last countries in Europe not to have ratified a treaty with the Holy See. After previous attempts at an agreement had failed –most notably in 2008 under Cardinal Miloslav Vlk –the Czech government in mid-January 2012 agreed to a compensation plan, under which the country's seventeen churches, both Catholic and Protestant, would get 56% of their former property now held by the state, an amount estimated at 75 billion koruna ($3.7 billion), and another 59 billion koruna ($2.9 billion) in financial compensation paid over the next thirty years. The state will also gradually stop covering the churches' expenses over the next seventeen years.

Paragraph 23: One of Duka's chief concerns was the long-standing issue of the restitution of church property, which had been confiscated by the communist regime and which was either never fully returned or for which the church never received compensation. The Czech Republic is one of the last countries in Europe not to have ratified a treaty with the Holy See. After previous attempts at an agreement had failed –most notably in 2008 under Cardinal Miloslav Vlk –the Czech government in mid-January 2012 agreed to a compensation plan, under which the country's seventeen churches, both Catholic and Protestant, would get 56% of their former property now held by the state, an amount estimated at 75 billion koruna ($3.7 billion), and another 59 billion koruna ($2.9 billion) in financial compensation paid over the next thirty years. The state will also gradually stop covering the churches' expenses over the next seventeen years.

Paragraph 24: 42nd (EL) Division was in GHQ Reserve when the German Spring Offensive (Operation Michael) was launched on 21 March. Warning orders were immediately issued and on 23 March the division began moving south to the Somme sector. The infantry went by motor buses and arrived at Adinfer Wood on 24/25 March ahead of the artillery and transport, most which did not catch up for another two days through the crowded roads. However, CCX Bde must have kept up, because it deployed near Adinfer Wood at the same time as the infantry and came into action at dawn, the rest of 42nd DA catching up at noon. The infantry were involved in bitter fighting all day (the First Battle of Bapaume). At nightfall they were still holding the line they had taken up the previous night, but were now stretched very thinly, with both flanks 'in the air'. The artillery was ordered back to positions south of Ablainzevelle, and a few hours later to the Essarts Valley. The roads behind the front were now completely choked with retreating vehicles, and the artillery drivers bringing up ammunition suffered heavy casualties. 42nd (EL) Division's role was to screen the exhausted division behind them. During 26 March 42nd DA helped stop German attacks in front of Bucquoy and on 27 March the guns broke up two impending attacks from Ablainzevelle. On 28 March the Germans continued attacking in waves from Ablainzevelle and Logeast Wood (Operation Mars, or the First Battle of Arras of 1918), but the division held its positions; prisoners claimed that the barrage killed a whole German battalion less 40 survivors. The following day was quiet and 42nd (EL) Division was relieved on the night of 29/30 March. However, there was no rest for 42nd DA, which remained in action round Essarts, maintaining harassing fire through the night. The infantry returned to the line on 1/2 April. The Germans continued to shell the area, especially Essarts, where large numbers of gas shells were fired and 42nd DA suffered significant casualties. After this bombardment the German attack was renewed on 5 April (the Battle of the Ancre). The shelling had broken CCX Bde's communications, and the batteries could not see the infantry's SOS rockets through the gas cloud, but kept firing with those guns they could keep in action. This attack was repulsed after fierce fighting and the sector became quiet apart from artillery exchanges, and the division was relieved on 8 April. However, 42nd DA remained in the line as before, with CCX Bde under the command of 59th (NM) Division, Lt-Col Mason commanding 'Right Group'. On 14 April 42nd DA concentrated in positions near Pigeon Wood and went silent.