Paragraph 1: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 2: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 3: Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church was established on  on land on the corner of Beaudesert and Mortimer Roads in Coopers Plains which was bought in April 1949 from Arthur Harper for  by the parish priest of Moorooka, Father Flanagan. He also arranged for an old army hut to be relocated from the Archerfield Airport to the church site and spent  converting the building into a church. The church was officially dedicated on Sunday 26 March 1950 by James Duhig, the Archbishop of Brisbane, with about 150 people attending. Two further army huts were relocated to the site. One of them was used to establish Our Lady of Fatima Primary School which opened on 25 January 1954. At its opening, the school had 78 pupils taught by two Sisters of St Joseph led by Sister Ibar. On 5 June 1966, Archbishop Patrick Mary O'Donnell opened the new brick church building, with the former church building being used as a hall. On 24 January 1971, the new school was officially opened by Bishop Henry Joseph Kennedy with 8 classrooms, an office, a staff room and a sick room. By that time, there were 260 students and 7 staff.

Paragraph 4: The Swindells, and to a lesser extent the Gregs, dominated the mid-century textile industry in Bollington. Martins Swindells' father, Francis (1763–1823), ran away from his Disley home in 1779, and became successful in London. He returned to Stockport where he and his brother became cotton manufacturers. Martin (1763–1823) ran many of the Bollington mills, and moved to Pott Hall, Pott Shrigley, to be closer to the business in 1830. He was a proprietor of the Macclesfield Canal, which opened in 1831, and built Clarence Mill alongside it in 1834. He was totally dependent on the canal to move in his raw cotton and coal, and to take away his finished cloth. From the start, Clarence Mill was a combined mill doing the spinning, weaving and finishing. His daughter Annie married Joseph Brookes. On his death his son Martin (1814–1880) succeeded him and formed a partnership with Joseph Brookes and they just ran Clarence Mill – though later Martin and his brother George built the Adelphi Mill. These mills were privately financed. The Swindells did not build tied cottages for their workers, but were generous benefactors of the local Methodist church. Joint stock companies that limited the capital at risk appeared in East Cheshire around 1866, when Samuel Greg and Company was formed. Brookes Swindells and Company Ltd was formed in 1876 and this enabled the financing of the 1877 expansion. 12000 £10 shares were floated but the company was not successful; this was blamed on managers not having the same incentive to succeed. While the Lancashire Cotton industry prospered until 1926, 1877 was the turning point in Bollington. The mill was now taken over by George Swindells and Co, and in 1898 became part of the Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Ltd that had been pioneered by Horrocks of Preston in 1887. Swindells specialised to survive and like Thomas Oliver and Son concentrated on spinning extremely fine cotton counts for lace and muslins, and in 1940 was spinning 'Sylex', a cotton yarn so fine it was comparable to silk. The Cotton Spinning Industry Act (1936) encouraged the  Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association to diversify, and Clarence Mill started to spin silk, while the Adelphi went over to silk completely, having 25000 silk-twisting spindles. At Quarry Bank Mill, the Gregs abandoned spinning in 1894, and installed 465 looms and 109 Northrops; Quarry Bank Mill continues today as a textile museum. The textile industry finished in Cheshire in the mid-1970s, though Clarence Mill and Adelphi Mill have survived: today they contain offices and Clarence Mill houses the Bollington Civic Trust Heritage Centre, now known as Bollington Discovery Centre.

Paragraph 5: Why Talk It Out? Every year the Juvenile Division of the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office (WCPO) handles thousands of juvenile delinquency cases. While many of these matters are set on the formal court docket of the Third Circuit Family Division, there is a new alternate path available on appropriate cases. Prosecutor Worthy, in partnership with the Wayne County Dispute Resolution Center (WCDRC), offers select youth the option to participate in a unique juvenile mediation program called Talk It Out.* Although it is imperative that each juvenile who commits a delinquent act is held responsible for his or her conduct, Prosecutor Worthy recognizes the negative impact that juvenile adjudications may have on the future of young people. Those consequences may include: suspension or expulsion from school; the loss of college scholarships or the denial of college admission; and the required disclosure of a delinquency record on a job or military application. The WCPO has created a program that balances the need for delinquent youth to accept responsibility for their actions and the interests of delinquency victims seeking justice. With the assistance of an experienced WCDRC facilitator, Talk It Out will bring selected juvenile offenders and their victims together with a focus on repairing the harm resulting from the minor's behavior. The goal of Talk It Out is to provide an alternative to formal prosecution that gives delinquent youth an opportunity to take responsibility and make amends, while also giving the victims a forum to be heard and healed. Which juveniles are eligible to participate in Talk It Out? Upon successful referral by the WCPO, participants in Talk It Out are expected to take responsibility for their delinquent behavior and take reasonable steps to repair and/or alleviate harm done to the victims of their conduct. These juveniles must also be willing to hear from victims, including how their actions have harmed or impacted the victim. WCPO Assistant Prosecuting Attorneys (APAs) will evaluate new delinquency complaints to determine which cases are appropriate to recommend for Talk It Out. Except for a prior status or ordinance offense, only matters that constitute a juvenile's first delinquency violation will be considered. Examples of delinquency offenses to be considered for Talk It Out referral include minor property damage, theft, or simple assault. Eligible cases must have no more than one victim, and a parent/guardian of the juvenile must be willing to transport their child to all meetings scheduled as a part of the mediation process. Each victim will be contacted by an APA and must agree to the referral and mediation process before a case is accepted into the Talk It Out program.

Paragraph 6:  2. Western philosophy. The Western philosophy is mostly welcome to Iran in the 19th century, but its full development began in the 1970s, with the reactive movement against the left political thought of Soviet sect of Toodeh party, most notably by refutation of their Marxist–Leninist works (typically in Tagi Arani's works). The leading figures include Allameh Tabatabai, and his pupil Morteza Motahhari. Also Ahmad Fardid and his Circle who introduced phenomenology and very specifically Martin Heidegger to Iranian Academia. His pupils like Reza Davari, Dariush Shayegan who are now among famous Iranian philosophers developed his way to interpret modern conditions in Iran. Today the most dominant branch of Western philosophy in Iranian academia is Continental philosophy; The domination of the department of philosophy of the University of Tehran over the teaching of philosophy with laying on Islamic philosophy and Continental philosophy put it ahead of philosophy education in Iran. Department of philosophy of the University of Tehran traditionally is the top place of the greatest philosophers in secular education system in Iran; among the philosophers of the University of Tehran to be named are Reza Davari, Ebrahimi Dinani, and Mahmoud Khatami whose influences are clear all over students of philosophy. Reza Davari who is a philosopher with great debates on Modern condition, intellectualism and enlightenment ranked as the leading Persian philosopher with anti-Western approach. His ideas challenge the defender of Western culture and notably the defender of analytical philosophy and scienticism. Dinani is a defender of Islamic philosophy who also talks about the west; Mahmoud Khatami, who is commonly considered as a phenomenologist, is ranked as a totally scholar with no political sign who teaches analytical and continental philosophies in the university, but he has developed a different philosophy of his own that is called [Ontetics]. However, analytical philosophy is also introduced in Iran in the 1970s by the translations from British Empiricism, and then, in 1980 to the present an increasing interest is in students of philosophy to learn more from this 20th-century branch of philosophy. Very specifically, analytic philosophy of science and social science, and moral philosophy introduced by Abdolkarim Soroush in the early 1980s, and followed by others. Philosophy of mind introduced to Iranian academia by Mahmoud Khatami, and philosophy of logic and philosophy of language introduced by Hamid Vahid Dastgerdi. Philosophy of religion is also most welcome branch with the Iranian scholars.

Paragraph 7: The band's debut album Lounge Against the Machine was released in 2000 by Oglio Records. Cheese's second and third albums, Tuxicity and I'd Like a Virgin were independently released in 2002 and 2004 by Cheese's own label, Ideatown Entertainment (later renamed to Coverage Records). From 2004 to 2006, Surfdog Records released three Richard Cheese CDs: Aperitif for Destruction, a studio album, Silent Nightclub, a collection of songs tangentially related to the holiday season, and The Sunny Side of the Moon: The Best of Richard Cheese, which included newly re-recorded versions of six covers plus three new covers.  Surfdog also re-released the Richard Cheese albums Tuxicity and I'd Like a Virgin on their label.

Paragraph 8:  Restaurante chino (Chinese Restaurant – #19, Season 2):  Any contestant who landed here had to take a seat at the mock Chinese restaurant.  The "waiter" brought out a disgusting food (such as a whole rat cooked in sweet and sour sauce), and the contestant had to at least sample the food to avoid losing all his money.Watermelons (#31 in Season 1, 33 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed here, his challenge was to use a machete to chop watermelons that rolled randomly out of a large tube.Pintacuerpos (Body painting – No. 34 in Season 1, 40 in Season 3):  Landing here resulted in the contestant having to spin a wheel to determine which part of his or her body got the show's goose head logo painted on it.  The spaces on the wheel were arm, back, chest, stomach, and bottom.Snake Den (#47 in Season 1, 53 in Season 2, 52 in Season 3):  If someone landed here, he or she had to enter an acrylic glass pit filled with sand and boa constrictors.  The door was locked behind the contestant, and he or she had a certain amount of time to find the key to the other side and get out.  In the first season, any contestant landing here also advanced to No. 50 (the exit); no extra spaces were awarded in subsequent seasons.Castle Wall (#51 in Seasons 1 and 2, 30 in Season 3):  The contestant was required to scale the adjacent castle wall in some manner, which changed weekly, and kiss the prince or princess (depending on the contestant's gender) waiting at the top.Haircut (#52 in Season 1, 48 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 3):  The contestant was seated in a barber's chair at this space and had to answer three questions (the last of which was always impossible to answer in the five seconds allotted.) Getting any question wrong resulted in the player receiving a severe haircut by a deranged barber.  Men were usually shaven bald, while women had their hair cut very short.Cage Match (#57 in Season 1, 43 in Season 2, 30 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed on the space at the entrance of the large cage, he or she had to enter it and battle the gladiator-type fighters inside on bungee cords.  The challenge was usually to retrieve a key attached to the backside of the female gladiator, who was allowed to do anything to hinder the contestant.  In all three seasons, the host stated very clearly that there were no rules as far as what the gladiator (and presumably the contestant) could do.  Other challenges took place inside the cage that did not require the contestant to land there or involve the gladiators.Depilación (Waxing) (#57 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 1):  This space had a hospital bed and a woman dressed as a nurse standing next to it.  Any male contestant who landed here was asked five questions, with each incorrect answer resulting in part of his leg hair being waxed off; three correct answers won the challenge.La muerte (Death) (#58, Season 1):  This space was marked by a skull and crossbones; landing here resulted in the contestant being sent back to start (however, he kept his money).  This space was featured on the original board game.  This was replaced by la catapulta in the second season; any contestant who landed on No. 55 was usually, but not always, placed on a large catapult and "launched" via bungee cord back to start.Ruleta cruel (Cruel Roulette – No. 61, all versions):  If a player landed here, he had to spin the adjacent wheel and lost whatever percentage of money it landed on.  In the second and third seasons, the player was strapped to a large version of the wheel and spun around rapidly.  The pointer was above his head, and again the contestant lost the percentage of money on which it stopped.

Paragraph 9: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 10: The main mission of ATS-6 was to demonstrate the feasibility of direct-to-home (DTH) television broadcasting. To this end, in addition to the high-gain antenna, the spacecraft payload was able to receive in any of the VHF, C, S and L-bands, and to transmit in S-band (2 GHz) through a 20-W solid state transmitter, in L-band (1650 MHz) at 40W, in UHF (860 MHz) at 80W (which was used for the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment (SITE)), and with a TWTA-based transmitter of 20 W in C-band (4 GHz). The antenna produced two spots on earth of  each, in which the TV broadcast could be received with  diameter antennas. This payload was first used over the United States for tele-education and tele-medicine experiments, from August 1974 to May 1975 as part of the HET, or Health, Education, Telecommunications experiment developed jointly by NASA and the US Department of Health, Education, & Welfare (now DHHS). The spacecraft was then moved over the geo-stationary arc from 94 °W to 35 °E, in collaboration with the Indian Space Agency (ISRO), who had deployed in India more than 2500 receive ground stations. The move of the satellite from 94 degrees West to 35 degrees East, a journey of , was actioned from the ground station at Rosman North Carolina  This relocation involved 2 rocket burns of the onboard rocket motor. The 2nd burn lasting 5 hours 37 minutes and 17 seconds. The longest burn ever done by a chemical rocket in space at that time. A tele-education programme was started – Satellite Instructional Television Experiment or SITE – and run for one year. During the experiment, a receive station was offered by the Indian Government to Arthur C. Clarke, who was living in Sri Lanka. This experiment was highly successful, and encouraged ISRO to start building an operational program, with the Indian spacecraft  INSAT IB (launched 1983). After the SITE experiment, the satellite was brought back over the United States, and served notably as a data-relay and tracking satellite for low-orbit spacecraft such as Nimbus 6, and for the Apollo-Soyuz flight.

Paragraph 11:  Restaurante chino (Chinese Restaurant – #19, Season 2):  Any contestant who landed here had to take a seat at the mock Chinese restaurant.  The "waiter" brought out a disgusting food (such as a whole rat cooked in sweet and sour sauce), and the contestant had to at least sample the food to avoid losing all his money.Watermelons (#31 in Season 1, 33 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed here, his challenge was to use a machete to chop watermelons that rolled randomly out of a large tube.Pintacuerpos (Body painting – No. 34 in Season 1, 40 in Season 3):  Landing here resulted in the contestant having to spin a wheel to determine which part of his or her body got the show's goose head logo painted on it.  The spaces on the wheel were arm, back, chest, stomach, and bottom.Snake Den (#47 in Season 1, 53 in Season 2, 52 in Season 3):  If someone landed here, he or she had to enter an acrylic glass pit filled with sand and boa constrictors.  The door was locked behind the contestant, and he or she had a certain amount of time to find the key to the other side and get out.  In the first season, any contestant landing here also advanced to No. 50 (the exit); no extra spaces were awarded in subsequent seasons.Castle Wall (#51 in Seasons 1 and 2, 30 in Season 3):  The contestant was required to scale the adjacent castle wall in some manner, which changed weekly, and kiss the prince or princess (depending on the contestant's gender) waiting at the top.Haircut (#52 in Season 1, 48 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 3):  The contestant was seated in a barber's chair at this space and had to answer three questions (the last of which was always impossible to answer in the five seconds allotted.) Getting any question wrong resulted in the player receiving a severe haircut by a deranged barber.  Men were usually shaven bald, while women had their hair cut very short.Cage Match (#57 in Season 1, 43 in Season 2, 30 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed on the space at the entrance of the large cage, he or she had to enter it and battle the gladiator-type fighters inside on bungee cords.  The challenge was usually to retrieve a key attached to the backside of the female gladiator, who was allowed to do anything to hinder the contestant.  In all three seasons, the host stated very clearly that there were no rules as far as what the gladiator (and presumably the contestant) could do.  Other challenges took place inside the cage that did not require the contestant to land there or involve the gladiators.Depilación (Waxing) (#57 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 1):  This space had a hospital bed and a woman dressed as a nurse standing next to it.  Any male contestant who landed here was asked five questions, with each incorrect answer resulting in part of his leg hair being waxed off; three correct answers won the challenge.La muerte (Death) (#58, Season 1):  This space was marked by a skull and crossbones; landing here resulted in the contestant being sent back to start (however, he kept his money).  This space was featured on the original board game.  This was replaced by la catapulta in the second season; any contestant who landed on No. 55 was usually, but not always, placed on a large catapult and "launched" via bungee cord back to start.Ruleta cruel (Cruel Roulette – No. 61, all versions):  If a player landed here, he had to spin the adjacent wheel and lost whatever percentage of money it landed on.  In the second and third seasons, the player was strapped to a large version of the wheel and spun around rapidly.  The pointer was above his head, and again the contestant lost the percentage of money on which it stopped.

Paragraph 12: The main mission of ATS-6 was to demonstrate the feasibility of direct-to-home (DTH) television broadcasting. To this end, in addition to the high-gain antenna, the spacecraft payload was able to receive in any of the VHF, C, S and L-bands, and to transmit in S-band (2 GHz) through a 20-W solid state transmitter, in L-band (1650 MHz) at 40W, in UHF (860 MHz) at 80W (which was used for the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment (SITE)), and with a TWTA-based transmitter of 20 W in C-band (4 GHz). The antenna produced two spots on earth of  each, in which the TV broadcast could be received with  diameter antennas. This payload was first used over the United States for tele-education and tele-medicine experiments, from August 1974 to May 1975 as part of the HET, or Health, Education, Telecommunications experiment developed jointly by NASA and the US Department of Health, Education, & Welfare (now DHHS). The spacecraft was then moved over the geo-stationary arc from 94 °W to 35 °E, in collaboration with the Indian Space Agency (ISRO), who had deployed in India more than 2500 receive ground stations. The move of the satellite from 94 degrees West to 35 degrees East, a journey of , was actioned from the ground station at Rosman North Carolina  This relocation involved 2 rocket burns of the onboard rocket motor. The 2nd burn lasting 5 hours 37 minutes and 17 seconds. The longest burn ever done by a chemical rocket in space at that time. A tele-education programme was started – Satellite Instructional Television Experiment or SITE – and run for one year. During the experiment, a receive station was offered by the Indian Government to Arthur C. Clarke, who was living in Sri Lanka. This experiment was highly successful, and encouraged ISRO to start building an operational program, with the Indian spacecraft  INSAT IB (launched 1983). After the SITE experiment, the satellite was brought back over the United States, and served notably as a data-relay and tracking satellite for low-orbit spacecraft such as Nimbus 6, and for the Apollo-Soyuz flight.

Paragraph 13: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 14: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 15: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 16: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 17: The mixtape was praised by critics, particularly for its production and lyrical content. AllHipHop rated the album eight out of ten, praising the album's "ability to focus on the Christian values without coming off as preachy, or even Bible-thumping." The Christian Manifesto in an audio review called the production solid and praised the emcee work on "Misconception", but stated that "No Regrets" failed to match the energy and intensity of the first half of the album. J. F. Arnold rated the album 4.5 out of 5, while Nick Ahern gave it 4.25 out of 5. Ahern stated that he had not been a fan of Lecrae, but that his opinion changed on this release, mainly due to Lecrae's "fierceness" and speed. A written review by Michael Wildes for The Christian Manifesto rated the album a complete five stars and nominated it for that website's annual Lime Awards. DaSouth, which rated the album four out of five, viewed "No Regrets" more favorably, calling Suzy Rock's singing "top-notch" and regarding the collaboration of Big Juice and Street Symphony as a "near perfect backdrop". Both DaSouth and AllHipHop leveled some criticism at "Darkest Hour", with AllHipHop calling the hook "cheezy" and DaSouth viewing the track as a personal low-point, calling it too slow and stating that they expected more from No Malice. Mike McCray from The Fayetteville Observer was favorable to the album, stating at the end of his review that "I never thought I’d hear the day gospel music sampled Pimp C, but I’m glad I did. Church Clothes is 'come as you are' music, presenting faith as a defining theme without being pious. The project may ruffle some feathers, but its wider appeal can’t be overlooked." Jam the Hype Radio highly praised the mixtape, stating, "It contains some of the best hip-hop songs of the year and is totally worth the listen!" StupidDOPE was highly favorable to the album, praising Lecrae's mic skills and noting that he "is finally stepping onto the mainstream stage" with his collaboration with No Malice on "Darkest Hour". XXL gave the album an "XL" rating, the equivalent of four out of five, calling Church Clothes a "strong release in that it helps deliver a message without beating the listener over the head with religious propaganda". The production was highly praised by the magazine, which noted the appearance of 9th Wonder on "Rise" and "Long Time Coming" but stated that the more unknown producers Big Juice and Street Symphony on "No Regrets" and Tha Kracken! on "Rejects" stole the show. Indie Vision Music rated the album four out of five, praising the songs "Church Clothes", "Sacrifice", and "Rejects", among others, but leveling some criticism at, among others, the songs "APB", "Special" and "Rise". The mixtape was also chosen by iHipHop as a Staff Pick for May 14, 2012, with staff member  writing that "I might have to agree with Serge. There was nothing I was feeling more this week than Lecrae's mixtape Church Clothes mixtape."  listed the track "Rise" as their favorite on the album. Vibe viewed the album favorably, stating that "The dude can surely spit, but Church Clothes starts off sounding very boxed in and predictable. However, once you get to the middle—and get into some of the impeccable production... ...Lecrae proves to be a promising new talent with some amazing tracks under his belt." Vibe listed standout tracks as "The Price Of Life," "Inspiration," "Darkest Hour," "Rise," and "Church Clothes."

Paragraph 18: The mixtape was praised by critics, particularly for its production and lyrical content. AllHipHop rated the album eight out of ten, praising the album's "ability to focus on the Christian values without coming off as preachy, or even Bible-thumping." The Christian Manifesto in an audio review called the production solid and praised the emcee work on "Misconception", but stated that "No Regrets" failed to match the energy and intensity of the first half of the album. J. F. Arnold rated the album 4.5 out of 5, while Nick Ahern gave it 4.25 out of 5. Ahern stated that he had not been a fan of Lecrae, but that his opinion changed on this release, mainly due to Lecrae's "fierceness" and speed. A written review by Michael Wildes for The Christian Manifesto rated the album a complete five stars and nominated it for that website's annual Lime Awards. DaSouth, which rated the album four out of five, viewed "No Regrets" more favorably, calling Suzy Rock's singing "top-notch" and regarding the collaboration of Big Juice and Street Symphony as a "near perfect backdrop". Both DaSouth and AllHipHop leveled some criticism at "Darkest Hour", with AllHipHop calling the hook "cheezy" and DaSouth viewing the track as a personal low-point, calling it too slow and stating that they expected more from No Malice. Mike McCray from The Fayetteville Observer was favorable to the album, stating at the end of his review that "I never thought I’d hear the day gospel music sampled Pimp C, but I’m glad I did. Church Clothes is 'come as you are' music, presenting faith as a defining theme without being pious. The project may ruffle some feathers, but its wider appeal can’t be overlooked." Jam the Hype Radio highly praised the mixtape, stating, "It contains some of the best hip-hop songs of the year and is totally worth the listen!" StupidDOPE was highly favorable to the album, praising Lecrae's mic skills and noting that he "is finally stepping onto the mainstream stage" with his collaboration with No Malice on "Darkest Hour". XXL gave the album an "XL" rating, the equivalent of four out of five, calling Church Clothes a "strong release in that it helps deliver a message without beating the listener over the head with religious propaganda". The production was highly praised by the magazine, which noted the appearance of 9th Wonder on "Rise" and "Long Time Coming" but stated that the more unknown producers Big Juice and Street Symphony on "No Regrets" and Tha Kracken! on "Rejects" stole the show. Indie Vision Music rated the album four out of five, praising the songs "Church Clothes", "Sacrifice", and "Rejects", among others, but leveling some criticism at, among others, the songs "APB", "Special" and "Rise". The mixtape was also chosen by iHipHop as a Staff Pick for May 14, 2012, with staff member  writing that "I might have to agree with Serge. There was nothing I was feeling more this week than Lecrae's mixtape Church Clothes mixtape."  listed the track "Rise" as their favorite on the album. Vibe viewed the album favorably, stating that "The dude can surely spit, but Church Clothes starts off sounding very boxed in and predictable. However, once you get to the middle—and get into some of the impeccable production... ...Lecrae proves to be a promising new talent with some amazing tracks under his belt." Vibe listed standout tracks as "The Price Of Life," "Inspiration," "Darkest Hour," "Rise," and "Church Clothes."

Paragraph 19: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 20: The Swindells, and to a lesser extent the Gregs, dominated the mid-century textile industry in Bollington. Martins Swindells' father, Francis (1763–1823), ran away from his Disley home in 1779, and became successful in London. He returned to Stockport where he and his brother became cotton manufacturers. Martin (1763–1823) ran many of the Bollington mills, and moved to Pott Hall, Pott Shrigley, to be closer to the business in 1830. He was a proprietor of the Macclesfield Canal, which opened in 1831, and built Clarence Mill alongside it in 1834. He was totally dependent on the canal to move in his raw cotton and coal, and to take away his finished cloth. From the start, Clarence Mill was a combined mill doing the spinning, weaving and finishing. His daughter Annie married Joseph Brookes. On his death his son Martin (1814–1880) succeeded him and formed a partnership with Joseph Brookes and they just ran Clarence Mill – though later Martin and his brother George built the Adelphi Mill. These mills were privately financed. The Swindells did not build tied cottages for their workers, but were generous benefactors of the local Methodist church. Joint stock companies that limited the capital at risk appeared in East Cheshire around 1866, when Samuel Greg and Company was formed. Brookes Swindells and Company Ltd was formed in 1876 and this enabled the financing of the 1877 expansion. 12000 £10 shares were floated but the company was not successful; this was blamed on managers not having the same incentive to succeed. While the Lancashire Cotton industry prospered until 1926, 1877 was the turning point in Bollington. The mill was now taken over by George Swindells and Co, and in 1898 became part of the Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Ltd that had been pioneered by Horrocks of Preston in 1887. Swindells specialised to survive and like Thomas Oliver and Son concentrated on spinning extremely fine cotton counts for lace and muslins, and in 1940 was spinning 'Sylex', a cotton yarn so fine it was comparable to silk. The Cotton Spinning Industry Act (1936) encouraged the  Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association to diversify, and Clarence Mill started to spin silk, while the Adelphi went over to silk completely, having 25000 silk-twisting spindles. At Quarry Bank Mill, the Gregs abandoned spinning in 1894, and installed 465 looms and 109 Northrops; Quarry Bank Mill continues today as a textile museum. The textile industry finished in Cheshire in the mid-1970s, though Clarence Mill and Adelphi Mill have survived: today they contain offices and Clarence Mill houses the Bollington Civic Trust Heritage Centre, now known as Bollington Discovery Centre.

Paragraph 21: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 22: Why Talk It Out? Every year the Juvenile Division of the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office (WCPO) handles thousands of juvenile delinquency cases. While many of these matters are set on the formal court docket of the Third Circuit Family Division, there is a new alternate path available on appropriate cases. Prosecutor Worthy, in partnership with the Wayne County Dispute Resolution Center (WCDRC), offers select youth the option to participate in a unique juvenile mediation program called Talk It Out.* Although it is imperative that each juvenile who commits a delinquent act is held responsible for his or her conduct, Prosecutor Worthy recognizes the negative impact that juvenile adjudications may have on the future of young people. Those consequences may include: suspension or expulsion from school; the loss of college scholarships or the denial of college admission; and the required disclosure of a delinquency record on a job or military application. The WCPO has created a program that balances the need for delinquent youth to accept responsibility for their actions and the interests of delinquency victims seeking justice. With the assistance of an experienced WCDRC facilitator, Talk It Out will bring selected juvenile offenders and their victims together with a focus on repairing the harm resulting from the minor's behavior. The goal of Talk It Out is to provide an alternative to formal prosecution that gives delinquent youth an opportunity to take responsibility and make amends, while also giving the victims a forum to be heard and healed. Which juveniles are eligible to participate in Talk It Out? Upon successful referral by the WCPO, participants in Talk It Out are expected to take responsibility for their delinquent behavior and take reasonable steps to repair and/or alleviate harm done to the victims of their conduct. These juveniles must also be willing to hear from victims, including how their actions have harmed or impacted the victim. WCPO Assistant Prosecuting Attorneys (APAs) will evaluate new delinquency complaints to determine which cases are appropriate to recommend for Talk It Out. Except for a prior status or ordinance offense, only matters that constitute a juvenile's first delinquency violation will be considered. Examples of delinquency offenses to be considered for Talk It Out referral include minor property damage, theft, or simple assault. Eligible cases must have no more than one victim, and a parent/guardian of the juvenile must be willing to transport their child to all meetings scheduled as a part of the mediation process. Each victim will be contacted by an APA and must agree to the referral and mediation process before a case is accepted into the Talk It Out program.

Paragraph 23: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 24: Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church was established on  on land on the corner of Beaudesert and Mortimer Roads in Coopers Plains which was bought in April 1949 from Arthur Harper for  by the parish priest of Moorooka, Father Flanagan. He also arranged for an old army hut to be relocated from the Archerfield Airport to the church site and spent  converting the building into a church. The church was officially dedicated on Sunday 26 March 1950 by James Duhig, the Archbishop of Brisbane, with about 150 people attending. Two further army huts were relocated to the site. One of them was used to establish Our Lady of Fatima Primary School which opened on 25 January 1954. At its opening, the school had 78 pupils taught by two Sisters of St Joseph led by Sister Ibar. On 5 June 1966, Archbishop Patrick Mary O'Donnell opened the new brick church building, with the former church building being used as a hall. On 24 January 1971, the new school was officially opened by Bishop Henry Joseph Kennedy with 8 classrooms, an office, a staff room and a sick room. By that time, there were 260 students and 7 staff.

Paragraph 25: Ruth Kerr, owner and CEO of the Kerr Glass Manufacturing Company, established the school as the Bible Missionary Institute in 1937 on the former Westlake School for Girls campus near Downtown Los Angeles. It was renamed the Western Bible College in 1939. During these early years, Kerr and the other founders decided that a liberal arts curriculum was the best direction for the school. In 1940 Dr. Wallace Emerson, the first president, renamed the school Westmont College, derived from a college in the west and in the mountains. He envisioned a Christian liberal arts college that would take its place among the best in the nation.

Paragraph 26: Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church was established on  on land on the corner of Beaudesert and Mortimer Roads in Coopers Plains which was bought in April 1949 from Arthur Harper for  by the parish priest of Moorooka, Father Flanagan. He also arranged for an old army hut to be relocated from the Archerfield Airport to the church site and spent  converting the building into a church. The church was officially dedicated on Sunday 26 March 1950 by James Duhig, the Archbishop of Brisbane, with about 150 people attending. Two further army huts were relocated to the site. One of them was used to establish Our Lady of Fatima Primary School which opened on 25 January 1954. At its opening, the school had 78 pupils taught by two Sisters of St Joseph led by Sister Ibar. On 5 June 1966, Archbishop Patrick Mary O'Donnell opened the new brick church building, with the former church building being used as a hall. On 24 January 1971, the new school was officially opened by Bishop Henry Joseph Kennedy with 8 classrooms, an office, a staff room and a sick room. By that time, there were 260 students and 7 staff.

Paragraph 27:  Restaurante chino (Chinese Restaurant – #19, Season 2):  Any contestant who landed here had to take a seat at the mock Chinese restaurant.  The "waiter" brought out a disgusting food (such as a whole rat cooked in sweet and sour sauce), and the contestant had to at least sample the food to avoid losing all his money.Watermelons (#31 in Season 1, 33 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed here, his challenge was to use a machete to chop watermelons that rolled randomly out of a large tube.Pintacuerpos (Body painting – No. 34 in Season 1, 40 in Season 3):  Landing here resulted in the contestant having to spin a wheel to determine which part of his or her body got the show's goose head logo painted on it.  The spaces on the wheel were arm, back, chest, stomach, and bottom.Snake Den (#47 in Season 1, 53 in Season 2, 52 in Season 3):  If someone landed here, he or she had to enter an acrylic glass pit filled with sand and boa constrictors.  The door was locked behind the contestant, and he or she had a certain amount of time to find the key to the other side and get out.  In the first season, any contestant landing here also advanced to No. 50 (the exit); no extra spaces were awarded in subsequent seasons.Castle Wall (#51 in Seasons 1 and 2, 30 in Season 3):  The contestant was required to scale the adjacent castle wall in some manner, which changed weekly, and kiss the prince or princess (depending on the contestant's gender) waiting at the top.Haircut (#52 in Season 1, 48 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 3):  The contestant was seated in a barber's chair at this space and had to answer three questions (the last of which was always impossible to answer in the five seconds allotted.) Getting any question wrong resulted in the player receiving a severe haircut by a deranged barber.  Men were usually shaven bald, while women had their hair cut very short.Cage Match (#57 in Season 1, 43 in Season 2, 30 in Season 3):  If a contestant landed on the space at the entrance of the large cage, he or she had to enter it and battle the gladiator-type fighters inside on bungee cords.  The challenge was usually to retrieve a key attached to the backside of the female gladiator, who was allowed to do anything to hinder the contestant.  In all three seasons, the host stated very clearly that there were no rules as far as what the gladiator (and presumably the contestant) could do.  Other challenges took place inside the cage that did not require the contestant to land there or involve the gladiators.Depilación (Waxing) (#57 in Season 2, not a fixed space in Season 1):  This space had a hospital bed and a woman dressed as a nurse standing next to it.  Any male contestant who landed here was asked five questions, with each incorrect answer resulting in part of his leg hair being waxed off; three correct answers won the challenge.La muerte (Death) (#58, Season 1):  This space was marked by a skull and crossbones; landing here resulted in the contestant being sent back to start (however, he kept his money).  This space was featured on the original board game.  This was replaced by la catapulta in the second season; any contestant who landed on No. 55 was usually, but not always, placed on a large catapult and "launched" via bungee cord back to start.Ruleta cruel (Cruel Roulette – No. 61, all versions):  If a player landed here, he had to spin the adjacent wheel and lost whatever percentage of money it landed on.  In the second and third seasons, the player was strapped to a large version of the wheel and spun around rapidly.  The pointer was above his head, and again the contestant lost the percentage of money on which it stopped.

Paragraph 28: Blackburn were relegated to the First Division in Jansen's first season, but he was the star of the team which won promotion back to the Premier League in the 2000–01 season, finishing as the league's second top scorer, after Fulham's Louis Saha, with 23 goals. He continued to impress in the following season, scoring the first goal in Blackburn's 2–1 League Cup final victory against Tottenham Hotspur in 2002. His good form led to an England call-up for the friendly game against Paraguay. However, he missed out on what would be his only International football match for his nation due to a stomach bug.

Paragraph 29: The Swindells, and to a lesser extent the Gregs, dominated the mid-century textile industry in Bollington. Martins Swindells' father, Francis (1763–1823), ran away from his Disley home in 1779, and became successful in London. He returned to Stockport where he and his brother became cotton manufacturers. Martin (1763–1823) ran many of the Bollington mills, and moved to Pott Hall, Pott Shrigley, to be closer to the business in 1830. He was a proprietor of the Macclesfield Canal, which opened in 1831, and built Clarence Mill alongside it in 1834. He was totally dependent on the canal to move in his raw cotton and coal, and to take away his finished cloth. From the start, Clarence Mill was a combined mill doing the spinning, weaving and finishing. His daughter Annie married Joseph Brookes. On his death his son Martin (1814–1880) succeeded him and formed a partnership with Joseph Brookes and they just ran Clarence Mill – though later Martin and his brother George built the Adelphi Mill. These mills were privately financed. The Swindells did not build tied cottages for their workers, but were generous benefactors of the local Methodist church. Joint stock companies that limited the capital at risk appeared in East Cheshire around 1866, when Samuel Greg and Company was formed. Brookes Swindells and Company Ltd was formed in 1876 and this enabled the financing of the 1877 expansion. 12000 £10 shares were floated but the company was not successful; this was blamed on managers not having the same incentive to succeed. While the Lancashire Cotton industry prospered until 1926, 1877 was the turning point in Bollington. The mill was now taken over by George Swindells and Co, and in 1898 became part of the Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association Ltd that had been pioneered by Horrocks of Preston in 1887. Swindells specialised to survive and like Thomas Oliver and Son concentrated on spinning extremely fine cotton counts for lace and muslins, and in 1940 was spinning 'Sylex', a cotton yarn so fine it was comparable to silk. The Cotton Spinning Industry Act (1936) encouraged the  Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association to diversify, and Clarence Mill started to spin silk, while the Adelphi went over to silk completely, having 25000 silk-twisting spindles. At Quarry Bank Mill, the Gregs abandoned spinning in 1894, and installed 465 looms and 109 Northrops; Quarry Bank Mill continues today as a textile museum. The textile industry finished in Cheshire in the mid-1970s, though Clarence Mill and Adelphi Mill have survived: today they contain offices and Clarence Mill houses the Bollington Civic Trust Heritage Centre, now known as Bollington Discovery Centre.

Paragraph 30: Why Talk It Out? Every year the Juvenile Division of the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office (WCPO) handles thousands of juvenile delinquency cases. While many of these matters are set on the formal court docket of the Third Circuit Family Division, there is a new alternate path available on appropriate cases. Prosecutor Worthy, in partnership with the Wayne County Dispute Resolution Center (WCDRC), offers select youth the option to participate in a unique juvenile mediation program called Talk It Out.* Although it is imperative that each juvenile who commits a delinquent act is held responsible for his or her conduct, Prosecutor Worthy recognizes the negative impact that juvenile adjudications may have on the future of young people. Those consequences may include: suspension or expulsion from school; the loss of college scholarships or the denial of college admission; and the required disclosure of a delinquency record on a job or military application. The WCPO has created a program that balances the need for delinquent youth to accept responsibility for their actions and the interests of delinquency victims seeking justice. With the assistance of an experienced WCDRC facilitator, Talk It Out will bring selected juvenile offenders and their victims together with a focus on repairing the harm resulting from the minor's behavior. The goal of Talk It Out is to provide an alternative to formal prosecution that gives delinquent youth an opportunity to take responsibility and make amends, while also giving the victims a forum to be heard and healed. Which juveniles are eligible to participate in Talk It Out? Upon successful referral by the WCPO, participants in Talk It Out are expected to take responsibility for their delinquent behavior and take reasonable steps to repair and/or alleviate harm done to the victims of their conduct. These juveniles must also be willing to hear from victims, including how their actions have harmed or impacted the victim. WCPO Assistant Prosecuting Attorneys (APAs) will evaluate new delinquency complaints to determine which cases are appropriate to recommend for Talk It Out. Except for a prior status or ordinance offense, only matters that constitute a juvenile's first delinquency violation will be considered. Examples of delinquency offenses to be considered for Talk It Out referral include minor property damage, theft, or simple assault. Eligible cases must have no more than one victim, and a parent/guardian of the juvenile must be willing to transport their child to all meetings scheduled as a part of the mediation process. Each victim will be contacted by an APA and must agree to the referral and mediation process before a case is accepted into the Talk It Out program.