Paragraph 1: On 15 September 2012, Walcott came on as a substitute for Gervinho and scored his first goal of the season in a 6–1 win over his former club Southampton. On 26 September, he scored twice in a 6–1 win against Coventry City in the League Cup. On 30 October, Walcott scored Arsenal's first goal in first half stoppage time and their fourth goal in second half stoppage time in a League Cup tie at Reading to help the club complete a comeback from 4–0 down to 4–4. Arsenal won 7–5 in extra time, in which Walcott completed his hat-trick and backed up his argument that he should be played as a striker. Former Gunner Niall Quinn praised Walcott's performance as incredible, in what he described as "the most extraordinary game that I've seen." This took him to five League Cup goals for the season, a total which would make him the top scorer in the 2012–13 competition.  On 29 December, Walcott was deployed as a lone striker and scored his first Premier League hat-trick of the season and provided two assists in an emphatic 7–3 win over Newcastle United. One of Walcott's strikes against Newcastle was voted as the Goal of the Month for November on the BBC's Match of the Day. On 18 January 2013, Walcott ended speculation about his future when he signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Arsenal. Two days later Walcott scored Arsenal's only goal in a 2–1 defeat to Chelsea. This started a run of four successive matches in which he scored, with Walcott also scoring in a 5–1 win against West Ham United on 23 January, a 3–2 win against Brighton & Hove Albion in the FA Cup and a 2–2 draw at home to Liverpool. He scored his 20th goal of the season against Queens Park Rangers after just 20 seconds. The match ended 1–0 and Walcott's goal became the fastest goal of the Premier League that season. Walcott scored another goal in a 4–1 victory over Wigan Athletic which resulted in Wigan's relegation. Walcott finished the season with 14 goals and 12 assists from 32 Premier League matches and scoring 21 times with 16 assists in all competitions to be Arsenal's top scorer.

Paragraph 2: One of the six songs that Warnes had placed in the top half of the Billboard Hot 100 at that point was the number six hit "Right Time of the Night" from 1977. Her soundtrack credits included the Oscar-nominated "One More Hour" from Ragtime and the Oscar-winning "It Goes Like It Goes" from Norma Rae, which, like the Hackford film, also had a lead female character who worked in a factory. Hackford initially rejected the idea of Warnes singing a song for An Officer and a Gentleman "because he felt she had too sweet a sound," but Warnes met with Sill and discussed the possibility of doing so: "I suggested to Joel that I sing on that film in a duet with Joe Cocker." Sill thought this was an interesting idea but needed to convince Hackford of that. He said, "I discussed with Taylor, since the film centered really around Richard [Gere] and Debra [Winger] primarily, that maybe we should have a duet" and that with Cocker and Warnes they would be "matching the characters to some degree. The dynamic between the two was the soft and the rough, that, to some degree, Debra Winger's character was very, very soft in the picture, even though she was in a rough environment. And Richard Gere's character, to some degree, was really a rough character until he was softened up by her." Hackford thought the idea had potential and now had another friend in the music industry to ask for a favor. Chris Blackwell was the owner of Island Records, and Cocker was now recording for Island. "I called Chris and said I want to do this, and he just, on the phone, said, 'OK, I'll make this happen. What would initially convince Cocker to work on the project, however, was a small portion of the lyrics. He described it as "the 'Up' part, which is what made me realize it had hit potential. It was so unusual – that 'Love, lift us up ...

Paragraph 3: After a short stint teaching constitutional law and public international law at Keele University in the United Kingdom he returned to Karachi, Pakistan, and joined the offices of Syed Sharifuddin Pirzada (former Attorney General Pakistan and current Ambassador at Large), who was Attorney General at the time, and worked there for two years. He then joined the chambers of his father Fazle Ghani Khan (Retd. Justice of High Court of West Pakistan and Member Balochistan Law Reform Commission) where he practised law till he was appointed Attorney General for Pakistan in September 2001 making him the second youngest Attorney General in the history of Pakistan.  He was also invited by the Supreme Court of Pakistan to sign the roll of Senior Advocates of the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 2001 making him the second youngest lawyer to do so in the history of Pakistan. He was also an examiner and lecturer at S.M. Law College till 1986. During his early years at Fazle Ghani Khan and Co. Advocates he wrote columns for Dawn, Herald, Newsline and the now defunct Viewpoint magazine as well as travelling to and writing reports on judicial independence in Malayasia and the situation in Myanmar for the International Commission of Jurists along with speaking at many international law seminars. Khan rose to the forefront of the profession at a remarkably young age which is evidenced by the fact that all the top litigators in Pakistan are at least a decade senior to him and was an Advocate Supreme Court in 1989 at the age of 35. It was in this year that he was given the honour normally only bestowed upon the senior most litigators in the country to appear as amicus curiae by then Chief Justice of the Sindh High Court Ajmal Mian (who later became a Judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and finally the Chief Justice of Pakistan) in a suo moto reference on the subject of inhuman jail conditions in Karachi along with later Chief Justice of the Sindh High Court Sabihuddin Ahmad. Makhdoom Ali Khan appeared for Akbar Bugti when the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan was dismissed and became the first lawyer in the country to successfully argue and secure the restoration of a dissolved legislature. Later he appeared for President Ghulam Ishaq Khan and President Farooq Leghari in the Supreme Court in dissolution cases. In 1999 he argued a constitutional petition successfully against the Government of Pakistan on behalf of Jang Group before the Supreme Court of Pakistan.

Paragraph 4: Left Ohio for Grafton, Va., September 15, then moved to Cheat Mountain Summit. Action at Greenbrier River, Va., October 3–4, 1861. Duty at Greenbrier until December. Action at Camp Allegheny December 13. Duty at Beverly December 1861 to April 1862. Expedition on the Seneca April 1–12. Action at Monterey April 12. At Staunton until May 7. Battle of McDowell May 8. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. Duty at Strasburg and Winchester until September. Evacuation of Winchester September 2. Defense of Harpers Ferry, September 12–15. Maryland Heights September 12–13. Regiment captured September 15. Paroled September 16 and sent to Annapolis, Md., then to Chicago, Ill., and to Cleveland, Ohio. Exchanged January 12, 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 20–25, 1863, then to Lake Providence, La., February 20, and to Milliken's Bend, La., April 17. Movement on Bruinsburg, Mississippi and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Raymond May 12. Jackson May 14. Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4, and garrison duty there until February 1864. Expedition to Monroe, La., August 20-September 2, 1863. Expedition to Canton October 14–20. Bogue Chitto Creek October 17. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Baker's Creek February 5. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march to Ackworth, Ga., April 21-June 8. Atlanta Campaign, June 8-September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Howell's Ferry July 5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesborough August 25–30. Battle of Jonesborough August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Shadow Church and Westbrook's near Fairburn October 2. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamp, S.C., February 2–5. River's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. South Edisto River February 9. Orangeburg February 11–12. Columbia February 15–17. Fayetteville, N.C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 8.

Paragraph 5: In 1924 Florovsky received his M.A. in Prague. In 1925 he became professor of patristics at the St. Serge Institute of Orthodox Theology in Paris. In this subject he found his vocation. The lively debates of the thinkers of the early Church became for him a benchmark for Christian  theology and exegesis, as well as a base for his critique of the ecumenical movement, and despite his not having earned an academic degree in theology (he was later awarded several honorary degrees) he would spend the rest of his life teaching at theological institutions. In 1932 Florovsky was ordained priest of the Eastern Orthodox Church. During the 1930s he undertook extensive research in European libraries and published in Russian valuable patristic studies, such as his book on 'Eastern fathers of the fourth century' (1931) and 'The Byzantine fathers fifth to eighth centuries' (1933). These were followed by his magnum opus, Ways of Russian Theology (1937). In this work he questioned the Western-European Christian influences of scholasticism, pietism, and idealism on Orthodox, and especially Russian, Christian theology, and called for its reformulation in the light of patristic writings. The work was received with enthusiasm or condemnation—there was no neutral attitude to it among Russian émigrés. One of his most prominent critics was Nikolai Berdyaev. Florovsky remained professor of patristics at the Institute until 1939, and from 1939 to 1948 taught there as professor of dogmatics.

Paragraph 6: After New Orleans, David Farragut's force moved up the Mississippi, and Terry was present when the salt water fleet ran the gauntlet at Vicksburg and joined Flag Officer Charles Henry Davis' riverine fleet above the Confederate stronghold. In January 1863, Terry was promoted to lieutenant commander. On March 14, his ship joined others of the fleet in bombarding the batteries surrounding Port Hudson so that Farragut could dash past them and establish a blockade cutting the Confederacy's Red River supply line. In his last major engagement, the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, Terry helped to close the last major Confederate port on the Gulf of Mexico.

Paragraph 7: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 8: SkavenDeathmaster Snikchm,  - Deathmaster Snikch is the chief assassin and prime agent of Lord Sneek, Lord of Decay and Nightlord of clan Eshin. Possible murderer of Valten.Grey Seer Thanquolm,  - Thanquol is one of the most powerful and active of the Grey Seers. He is always accompanied by Boneripper, his mechanized undead Rat Ogre. Though he is supremely cunning and a masterful schemer, his plans are nearly always thwarted by Gotrek and Felix (the defeats are often compounded by Skaven cowardice and incompetence), and he hates and fears them in equal measure.Ikit Clawm - Ikit Claw has dedicated his long life to the study of all forms of magery, including the spells of Men and Elves. His loyalty is to clan Skryre.Lurk Snitchtongue - Grey Seer Thanquol's servant who secretly tries to double cross his master numerous times in the Gotrek and Felix series of novels. He later becomes mutated by sneaking aboard Malakai Makaisson's airship The Spirit of Grungi which ventured into the Chaos Wastes. Lurk eventually believes he is the chosen of the Horned Rat and leads a skaven rebellion.Plague Lord Nurglitchm - The first plague lord of clan Pestilens and member of the Council of Thirteen. It was his corrupting disease that now marks clan Pestilens members as different from the other clans.Lord Skrolkm - Skrolk was a simple Plague Monk at the beginning of his life, but his devotion to the Horned Rat aided him in the long struggle for power, eventually leading him to Skavenblight to offer his services to Nurglitch, the seventh Arch-Plaguelord.Skweel Gnawtoothm - Skweel is clan Moulder's greatest packmaster. Born a runt, his continual fight for survival eventually led to great skill in commanding the larger, more unstable rats like Rat Ogres.Thrott the Uncleanm - Master mutator of Clan Moulder.  Possesses a warpstone eye and three arms, which prove an advantage in combat, as he can wield both a mancatcher and sword at onceTretch Craventailm - Tretch is the Clanchief of the Skaven clan Rictus and is known for his cunning and ability to survive any situation. He took his title as Clanchief by disguising himself as a stalactite and falling upon the previous Clanchief, splitting him in two.VerminLord Skreech verminking Lord skreech verminking is the avatar of the horned rat. He was part of the original council of thirteen and when they displeased the horned rat and were imprisoned skreech ate them and turned into the most powerful skaven of all time Warlord Queek headtakerm - Warlord Queek the Head-taker is the right claw of Warlord Gnawdwell, the ruler of Clan Mors and the City of Pillars. Gnawdwell is one of the Lords of Decay and without doubt one of the most powerful warlords in the Under-Empire.

Paragraph 9:  Lead (Pb): In the mid-1970s, lead was listed as a criteria air pollutant that required NAAQS regulation.  In 1977, the EPA published a document which detailed the Air Quality Criteria for lead.  This document was based on the scientific assessments of lead at the time.  Based on this report (1977 Lead AQCD), the EPA established a "1.5 µg/m3 (maximum quarterly calendar average) Pb NAAQS in 1978." The Clean Air Act requires periodic review of NAAQS, and new scientific data published after 1977 made it necessary to revise the standards previously established in the 1977 Lead AQCD document.  An Addendum to the document was published in 1986 and then again as a Supplement to the 1986 AQCD/Addendum in 1990. In 1990, a Lead Staff Paper was prepared by the EPA's Office of Air Quality Planning and Standards (OPQPS), which was based on information presented in the 1986 Lead/AQCD/Addendum and 1990 Supplement, in addition to other OAQPS sponsored lead exposure/risk analyses.  In this paper, it was proposed that the Pb NAAQS be revised further and presented options for revision to the EPA.  The EPA elected to not modify the Pb NAAQS further, but decided to instead focus on the 1991 U.S. EPA Strategy for Reducing Lead Exposure.  The EPA concentrated on regulatory and remedial clean-up efforts to minimize Pb exposure from numerous non-air sources that caused more severe public health risks, and undertook actions to reduce air emissions.

Paragraph 10: On 15 September 2012, Walcott came on as a substitute for Gervinho and scored his first goal of the season in a 6–1 win over his former club Southampton. On 26 September, he scored twice in a 6–1 win against Coventry City in the League Cup. On 30 October, Walcott scored Arsenal's first goal in first half stoppage time and their fourth goal in second half stoppage time in a League Cup tie at Reading to help the club complete a comeback from 4–0 down to 4–4. Arsenal won 7–5 in extra time, in which Walcott completed his hat-trick and backed up his argument that he should be played as a striker. Former Gunner Niall Quinn praised Walcott's performance as incredible, in what he described as "the most extraordinary game that I've seen." This took him to five League Cup goals for the season, a total which would make him the top scorer in the 2012–13 competition.  On 29 December, Walcott was deployed as a lone striker and scored his first Premier League hat-trick of the season and provided two assists in an emphatic 7–3 win over Newcastle United. One of Walcott's strikes against Newcastle was voted as the Goal of the Month for November on the BBC's Match of the Day. On 18 January 2013, Walcott ended speculation about his future when he signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Arsenal. Two days later Walcott scored Arsenal's only goal in a 2–1 defeat to Chelsea. This started a run of four successive matches in which he scored, with Walcott also scoring in a 5–1 win against West Ham United on 23 January, a 3–2 win against Brighton & Hove Albion in the FA Cup and a 2–2 draw at home to Liverpool. He scored his 20th goal of the season against Queens Park Rangers after just 20 seconds. The match ended 1–0 and Walcott's goal became the fastest goal of the Premier League that season. Walcott scored another goal in a 4–1 victory over Wigan Athletic which resulted in Wigan's relegation. Walcott finished the season with 14 goals and 12 assists from 32 Premier League matches and scoring 21 times with 16 assists in all competitions to be Arsenal's top scorer.

Paragraph 11: A General Council was established in the same period and was first elected in January 1947. The result was a victory for the Dahomeyan Progressive Union, which won 20 of the 30 elected seats. French National Assembly elections were held again in 1951, with Dahomey now having two seats; the Liste de l'Union Française and the Ethnic Group of the North (GEN) each won one seat. The General Council was converted into the Territorial Assembly in 1952, with the first elections to the new body resulting in a victory for the Republican Party of Dahomey (PRD), which won 19 of the 32 seats elected by the second college.

Paragraph 12: Florence Mills (Florence Winfrey) was born a daughter of formerly enslaved parents Nellie (Simon) and John Winfrey in 1896 in Washington, D.C. She began performing as a child. At the age of six she sang duets with her two older sisters, Olivia and Maude. They eventually formed a vaudeville act, calling themselves the Mills Sisters. The act did well, appearing in theaters along the Atlantic seaboard. Florence's sisters eventually quit performing, but Florence stayed with it, determined to pursue a career in show business. She joined Ada Smith, Cora Green, and Carolyn Williams in the Panama Four, which had some success. She then joined a traveling Black show, the Tennessee Ten, and in 1917 she met the dance director and acrobatic dancer Ulysses "Slow Kid" Thompson (1888–1990), to whom she would be married from 1921 until her death.

Paragraph 13: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 14: Florence Mills (Florence Winfrey) was born a daughter of formerly enslaved parents Nellie (Simon) and John Winfrey in 1896 in Washington, D.C. She began performing as a child. At the age of six she sang duets with her two older sisters, Olivia and Maude. They eventually formed a vaudeville act, calling themselves the Mills Sisters. The act did well, appearing in theaters along the Atlantic seaboard. Florence's sisters eventually quit performing, but Florence stayed with it, determined to pursue a career in show business. She joined Ada Smith, Cora Green, and Carolyn Williams in the Panama Four, which had some success. She then joined a traveling Black show, the Tennessee Ten, and in 1917 she met the dance director and acrobatic dancer Ulysses "Slow Kid" Thompson (1888–1990), to whom she would be married from 1921 until her death.

Paragraph 15: Left Ohio for Grafton, Va., September 15, then moved to Cheat Mountain Summit. Action at Greenbrier River, Va., October 3–4, 1861. Duty at Greenbrier until December. Action at Camp Allegheny December 13. Duty at Beverly December 1861 to April 1862. Expedition on the Seneca April 1–12. Action at Monterey April 12. At Staunton until May 7. Battle of McDowell May 8. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. Duty at Strasburg and Winchester until September. Evacuation of Winchester September 2. Defense of Harpers Ferry, September 12–15. Maryland Heights September 12–13. Regiment captured September 15. Paroled September 16 and sent to Annapolis, Md., then to Chicago, Ill., and to Cleveland, Ohio. Exchanged January 12, 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 20–25, 1863, then to Lake Providence, La., February 20, and to Milliken's Bend, La., April 17. Movement on Bruinsburg, Mississippi and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Raymond May 12. Jackson May 14. Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4, and garrison duty there until February 1864. Expedition to Monroe, La., August 20-September 2, 1863. Expedition to Canton October 14–20. Bogue Chitto Creek October 17. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Baker's Creek February 5. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march to Ackworth, Ga., April 21-June 8. Atlanta Campaign, June 8-September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Howell's Ferry July 5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesborough August 25–30. Battle of Jonesborough August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Shadow Church and Westbrook's near Fairburn October 2. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamp, S.C., February 2–5. River's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. South Edisto River February 9. Orangeburg February 11–12. Columbia February 15–17. Fayetteville, N.C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 8.

Paragraph 16: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 17: SkavenDeathmaster Snikchm,  - Deathmaster Snikch is the chief assassin and prime agent of Lord Sneek, Lord of Decay and Nightlord of clan Eshin. Possible murderer of Valten.Grey Seer Thanquolm,  - Thanquol is one of the most powerful and active of the Grey Seers. He is always accompanied by Boneripper, his mechanized undead Rat Ogre. Though he is supremely cunning and a masterful schemer, his plans are nearly always thwarted by Gotrek and Felix (the defeats are often compounded by Skaven cowardice and incompetence), and he hates and fears them in equal measure.Ikit Clawm - Ikit Claw has dedicated his long life to the study of all forms of magery, including the spells of Men and Elves. His loyalty is to clan Skryre.Lurk Snitchtongue - Grey Seer Thanquol's servant who secretly tries to double cross his master numerous times in the Gotrek and Felix series of novels. He later becomes mutated by sneaking aboard Malakai Makaisson's airship The Spirit of Grungi which ventured into the Chaos Wastes. Lurk eventually believes he is the chosen of the Horned Rat and leads a skaven rebellion.Plague Lord Nurglitchm - The first plague lord of clan Pestilens and member of the Council of Thirteen. It was his corrupting disease that now marks clan Pestilens members as different from the other clans.Lord Skrolkm - Skrolk was a simple Plague Monk at the beginning of his life, but his devotion to the Horned Rat aided him in the long struggle for power, eventually leading him to Skavenblight to offer his services to Nurglitch, the seventh Arch-Plaguelord.Skweel Gnawtoothm - Skweel is clan Moulder's greatest packmaster. Born a runt, his continual fight for survival eventually led to great skill in commanding the larger, more unstable rats like Rat Ogres.Thrott the Uncleanm - Master mutator of Clan Moulder.  Possesses a warpstone eye and three arms, which prove an advantage in combat, as he can wield both a mancatcher and sword at onceTretch Craventailm - Tretch is the Clanchief of the Skaven clan Rictus and is known for his cunning and ability to survive any situation. He took his title as Clanchief by disguising himself as a stalactite and falling upon the previous Clanchief, splitting him in two.VerminLord Skreech verminking Lord skreech verminking is the avatar of the horned rat. He was part of the original council of thirteen and when they displeased the horned rat and were imprisoned skreech ate them and turned into the most powerful skaven of all time Warlord Queek headtakerm - Warlord Queek the Head-taker is the right claw of Warlord Gnawdwell, the ruler of Clan Mors and the City of Pillars. Gnawdwell is one of the Lords of Decay and without doubt one of the most powerful warlords in the Under-Empire.

Paragraph 18: During the early 17th century, the Sawwafs formed part of the Druze opposition, along with the Alam al-Dins and Arslans, to the powerful Druze chief, tax farmer and Ottoman governor Fakhr al-Din II. During the latter's exile in 1613–1618, they fought against his Ma'nid kinsmen and took refuge with Yusuf Sayfa in the Krak des Chevaliers after Fakhr al-Din's offensive against them in 1619.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The apparent grandson of Qaytbay, Zayn al-Din, militarily supported Ali ibn Muhammad, the grandnephew of Yusuf Sayfa, in his victory against Yusuf's son Assaf in a battle at Iaal near Tripoli in 1634. He was appointed to governorship of Bsharri along with the Maronite chief Abu Awn al-Jumayyil (Abu Aoun Gemayel) in 1641. He and his nephew, the muqaddam Abdullah ibn Qaytbay, were given military charge over Wadi al-Taym alongside the Alam al-Din chiefs Mansur and Muhammad in 1659, following the expulsion of the Shihabs. Abdullah was killed near Beirut in a battle against the Qaysi Druze (the Sawwafs were part of the rival Yaman faction), which included the Ma'ns and Shihabs, in 1667. The traditional Druze rivals of the Sawwafs in the Matn were the Abu'l-Lama muqaddams of Kafr Silwan, allies of the Ma'ns and Shihabs. They fought in the ranks of the Yamani Druze against the Qays led by the Shihabs at the Battle of Ain Dara in 1711. The Yaman were routed, many of the Sawwafs were killed and family survivors fled the Matn and adopted different names.

Paragraph 19: On October 25, 2017, Prof. Ido Bruno was appointed Director of the Israel Museum in Jerusalem as the Anne and Jerome Fisher Director. Bruno served as a professor in the Industrial Design Department of the Bezalel Academy of Arts & Design, Jerusalem. He brings to the position decades of experience as a curator and designer of exhibitions presented in Israel and across the world with a focus on art, archeology, science, and history. He was unanimously elected by the museum's board of directors, chaired by Isaac Molho, following an extensive search and review process of candidates from Israel and abroad. Bruno assumed his position at the museum in November 2017.

Paragraph 20: Left Ohio for Grafton, Va., September 15, then moved to Cheat Mountain Summit. Action at Greenbrier River, Va., October 3–4, 1861. Duty at Greenbrier until December. Action at Camp Allegheny December 13. Duty at Beverly December 1861 to April 1862. Expedition on the Seneca April 1–12. Action at Monterey April 12. At Staunton until May 7. Battle of McDowell May 8. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. Duty at Strasburg and Winchester until September. Evacuation of Winchester September 2. Defense of Harpers Ferry, September 12–15. Maryland Heights September 12–13. Regiment captured September 15. Paroled September 16 and sent to Annapolis, Md., then to Chicago, Ill., and to Cleveland, Ohio. Exchanged January 12, 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 20–25, 1863, then to Lake Providence, La., February 20, and to Milliken's Bend, La., April 17. Movement on Bruinsburg, Mississippi and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Raymond May 12. Jackson May 14. Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4, and garrison duty there until February 1864. Expedition to Monroe, La., August 20-September 2, 1863. Expedition to Canton October 14–20. Bogue Chitto Creek October 17. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Baker's Creek February 5. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march to Ackworth, Ga., April 21-June 8. Atlanta Campaign, June 8-September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Howell's Ferry July 5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesborough August 25–30. Battle of Jonesborough August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Shadow Church and Westbrook's near Fairburn October 2. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamp, S.C., February 2–5. River's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. South Edisto River February 9. Orangeburg February 11–12. Columbia February 15–17. Fayetteville, N.C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 8.

Paragraph 21: After the edict from 1830, the conditions were met for the erection of this kind of memorials in Belgrade. One of the first public monuments in Belgrade was the cross that Gligorije Jovanović erected in his field, at Vračar, in 1847. The monument was very modest. Two icons were hung to the plain wooden cross, the icon of Holy Trinity on one and Saint George on the other side. Below the icons there was the inscription: “To the God and people, Gligorije Vozarević, 1847, at Vračar“. However, the erection of the cross was a novelty in Belgrade, so Novine srpske, the official gazette, wrote about that. In the extended text, published on 18 March the same year, in the end it was stressed out:“ Praise to the merciful God, who made us, so that we can watch this divine sign of our saviour faith in the free field near Belgrade. Grant Lord that people like this custom of the erection of our crosses in the crossroads and fields and all around our town! Honour and praise and gratitude to Mister Vozarović, who was the first to set an example...“ It can be concluded from the text that Vozarev cross at the time of erection was understood not only as the symbol of religious, but also of national freedom. In that sense, it was a religious and national monument. The story related to Vozarev cross emphasized such interpretation even more. It was believed that at the same spot there was a wooden cross back in the time of the Turkish rule, and that it was actually a mark of the place where the pilgrims from Palestine and other holy places were greeted. Vozarović replaced the cross, thinking that he was marking the place where the Saint Sava's relics were burnt. During the first half of the 19th century, the Serbian saints were seen as national heroes, so renewing of the cross as the memorial to Saint Sava gave this mark the importance of the national monument. The ruined wooden cross was replaced by the Belgrade Municipality in 1933, with one in red artificial stone. The inscription on the cross testifies about that replacement: “Vozarev cross, renewed by the O.G.B. in 1933“. The part of Belgrade municipality Vračar was named the Red Cross, after the Vozarev cross. The cross was designed in simple form, without decorative details. There is the inscription on a simple, low, cubic pedestal. 

Paragraph 22: Left Ohio for Grafton, Va., September 15, then moved to Cheat Mountain Summit. Action at Greenbrier River, Va., October 3–4, 1861. Duty at Greenbrier until December. Action at Camp Allegheny December 13. Duty at Beverly December 1861 to April 1862. Expedition on the Seneca April 1–12. Action at Monterey April 12. At Staunton until May 7. Battle of McDowell May 8. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. Duty at Strasburg and Winchester until September. Evacuation of Winchester September 2. Defense of Harpers Ferry, September 12–15. Maryland Heights September 12–13. Regiment captured September 15. Paroled September 16 and sent to Annapolis, Md., then to Chicago, Ill., and to Cleveland, Ohio. Exchanged January 12, 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 20–25, 1863, then to Lake Providence, La., February 20, and to Milliken's Bend, La., April 17. Movement on Bruinsburg, Mississippi and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Raymond May 12. Jackson May 14. Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4, and garrison duty there until February 1864. Expedition to Monroe, La., August 20-September 2, 1863. Expedition to Canton October 14–20. Bogue Chitto Creek October 17. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Baker's Creek February 5. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march to Ackworth, Ga., April 21-June 8. Atlanta Campaign, June 8-September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Howell's Ferry July 5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesborough August 25–30. Battle of Jonesborough August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Shadow Church and Westbrook's near Fairburn October 2. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamp, S.C., February 2–5. River's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. South Edisto River February 9. Orangeburg February 11–12. Columbia February 15–17. Fayetteville, N.C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 8.

Paragraph 23: On 15 September 2012, Walcott came on as a substitute for Gervinho and scored his first goal of the season in a 6–1 win over his former club Southampton. On 26 September, he scored twice in a 6–1 win against Coventry City in the League Cup. On 30 October, Walcott scored Arsenal's first goal in first half stoppage time and their fourth goal in second half stoppage time in a League Cup tie at Reading to help the club complete a comeback from 4–0 down to 4–4. Arsenal won 7–5 in extra time, in which Walcott completed his hat-trick and backed up his argument that he should be played as a striker. Former Gunner Niall Quinn praised Walcott's performance as incredible, in what he described as "the most extraordinary game that I've seen." This took him to five League Cup goals for the season, a total which would make him the top scorer in the 2012–13 competition.  On 29 December, Walcott was deployed as a lone striker and scored his first Premier League hat-trick of the season and provided two assists in an emphatic 7–3 win over Newcastle United. One of Walcott's strikes against Newcastle was voted as the Goal of the Month for November on the BBC's Match of the Day. On 18 January 2013, Walcott ended speculation about his future when he signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Arsenal. Two days later Walcott scored Arsenal's only goal in a 2–1 defeat to Chelsea. This started a run of four successive matches in which he scored, with Walcott also scoring in a 5–1 win against West Ham United on 23 January, a 3–2 win against Brighton & Hove Albion in the FA Cup and a 2–2 draw at home to Liverpool. He scored his 20th goal of the season against Queens Park Rangers after just 20 seconds. The match ended 1–0 and Walcott's goal became the fastest goal of the Premier League that season. Walcott scored another goal in a 4–1 victory over Wigan Athletic which resulted in Wigan's relegation. Walcott finished the season with 14 goals and 12 assists from 32 Premier League matches and scoring 21 times with 16 assists in all competitions to be Arsenal's top scorer.

Paragraph 24: On October 25, 2017, Prof. Ido Bruno was appointed Director of the Israel Museum in Jerusalem as the Anne and Jerome Fisher Director. Bruno served as a professor in the Industrial Design Department of the Bezalel Academy of Arts & Design, Jerusalem. He brings to the position decades of experience as a curator and designer of exhibitions presented in Israel and across the world with a focus on art, archeology, science, and history. He was unanimously elected by the museum's board of directors, chaired by Isaac Molho, following an extensive search and review process of candidates from Israel and abroad. Bruno assumed his position at the museum in November 2017.

Paragraph 25: After a short stint teaching constitutional law and public international law at Keele University in the United Kingdom he returned to Karachi, Pakistan, and joined the offices of Syed Sharifuddin Pirzada (former Attorney General Pakistan and current Ambassador at Large), who was Attorney General at the time, and worked there for two years. He then joined the chambers of his father Fazle Ghani Khan (Retd. Justice of High Court of West Pakistan and Member Balochistan Law Reform Commission) where he practised law till he was appointed Attorney General for Pakistan in September 2001 making him the second youngest Attorney General in the history of Pakistan.  He was also invited by the Supreme Court of Pakistan to sign the roll of Senior Advocates of the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 2001 making him the second youngest lawyer to do so in the history of Pakistan. He was also an examiner and lecturer at S.M. Law College till 1986. During his early years at Fazle Ghani Khan and Co. Advocates he wrote columns for Dawn, Herald, Newsline and the now defunct Viewpoint magazine as well as travelling to and writing reports on judicial independence in Malayasia and the situation in Myanmar for the International Commission of Jurists along with speaking at many international law seminars. Khan rose to the forefront of the profession at a remarkably young age which is evidenced by the fact that all the top litigators in Pakistan are at least a decade senior to him and was an Advocate Supreme Court in 1989 at the age of 35. It was in this year that he was given the honour normally only bestowed upon the senior most litigators in the country to appear as amicus curiae by then Chief Justice of the Sindh High Court Ajmal Mian (who later became a Judge of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and finally the Chief Justice of Pakistan) in a suo moto reference on the subject of inhuman jail conditions in Karachi along with later Chief Justice of the Sindh High Court Sabihuddin Ahmad. Makhdoom Ali Khan appeared for Akbar Bugti when the Provincial Assembly of Balochistan was dismissed and became the first lawyer in the country to successfully argue and secure the restoration of a dissolved legislature. Later he appeared for President Ghulam Ishaq Khan and President Farooq Leghari in the Supreme Court in dissolution cases. In 1999 he argued a constitutional petition successfully against the Government of Pakistan on behalf of Jang Group before the Supreme Court of Pakistan.

Paragraph 26: After New Orleans, David Farragut's force moved up the Mississippi, and Terry was present when the salt water fleet ran the gauntlet at Vicksburg and joined Flag Officer Charles Henry Davis' riverine fleet above the Confederate stronghold. In January 1863, Terry was promoted to lieutenant commander. On March 14, his ship joined others of the fleet in bombarding the batteries surrounding Port Hudson so that Farragut could dash past them and establish a blockade cutting the Confederacy's Red River supply line. In his last major engagement, the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, Terry helped to close the last major Confederate port on the Gulf of Mexico.

Paragraph 27: After the edict from 1830, the conditions were met for the erection of this kind of memorials in Belgrade. One of the first public monuments in Belgrade was the cross that Gligorije Jovanović erected in his field, at Vračar, in 1847. The monument was very modest. Two icons were hung to the plain wooden cross, the icon of Holy Trinity on one and Saint George on the other side. Below the icons there was the inscription: “To the God and people, Gligorije Vozarević, 1847, at Vračar“. However, the erection of the cross was a novelty in Belgrade, so Novine srpske, the official gazette, wrote about that. In the extended text, published on 18 March the same year, in the end it was stressed out:“ Praise to the merciful God, who made us, so that we can watch this divine sign of our saviour faith in the free field near Belgrade. Grant Lord that people like this custom of the erection of our crosses in the crossroads and fields and all around our town! Honour and praise and gratitude to Mister Vozarović, who was the first to set an example...“ It can be concluded from the text that Vozarev cross at the time of erection was understood not only as the symbol of religious, but also of national freedom. In that sense, it was a religious and national monument. The story related to Vozarev cross emphasized such interpretation even more. It was believed that at the same spot there was a wooden cross back in the time of the Turkish rule, and that it was actually a mark of the place where the pilgrims from Palestine and other holy places were greeted. Vozarović replaced the cross, thinking that he was marking the place where the Saint Sava's relics were burnt. During the first half of the 19th century, the Serbian saints were seen as national heroes, so renewing of the cross as the memorial to Saint Sava gave this mark the importance of the national monument. The ruined wooden cross was replaced by the Belgrade Municipality in 1933, with one in red artificial stone. The inscription on the cross testifies about that replacement: “Vozarev cross, renewed by the O.G.B. in 1933“. The part of Belgrade municipality Vračar was named the Red Cross, after the Vozarev cross. The cross was designed in simple form, without decorative details. There is the inscription on a simple, low, cubic pedestal. 

Paragraph 28: In 1924 Florovsky received his M.A. in Prague. In 1925 he became professor of patristics at the St. Serge Institute of Orthodox Theology in Paris. In this subject he found his vocation. The lively debates of the thinkers of the early Church became for him a benchmark for Christian  theology and exegesis, as well as a base for his critique of the ecumenical movement, and despite his not having earned an academic degree in theology (he was later awarded several honorary degrees) he would spend the rest of his life teaching at theological institutions. In 1932 Florovsky was ordained priest of the Eastern Orthodox Church. During the 1930s he undertook extensive research in European libraries and published in Russian valuable patristic studies, such as his book on 'Eastern fathers of the fourth century' (1931) and 'The Byzantine fathers fifth to eighth centuries' (1933). These were followed by his magnum opus, Ways of Russian Theology (1937). In this work he questioned the Western-European Christian influences of scholasticism, pietism, and idealism on Orthodox, and especially Russian, Christian theology, and called for its reformulation in the light of patristic writings. The work was received with enthusiasm or condemnation—there was no neutral attitude to it among Russian émigrés. One of his most prominent critics was Nikolai Berdyaev. Florovsky remained professor of patristics at the Institute until 1939, and from 1939 to 1948 taught there as professor of dogmatics.

Paragraph 29:  Lead (Pb): In the mid-1970s, lead was listed as a criteria air pollutant that required NAAQS regulation.  In 1977, the EPA published a document which detailed the Air Quality Criteria for lead.  This document was based on the scientific assessments of lead at the time.  Based on this report (1977 Lead AQCD), the EPA established a "1.5 µg/m3 (maximum quarterly calendar average) Pb NAAQS in 1978." The Clean Air Act requires periodic review of NAAQS, and new scientific data published after 1977 made it necessary to revise the standards previously established in the 1977 Lead AQCD document.  An Addendum to the document was published in 1986 and then again as a Supplement to the 1986 AQCD/Addendum in 1990. In 1990, a Lead Staff Paper was prepared by the EPA's Office of Air Quality Planning and Standards (OPQPS), which was based on information presented in the 1986 Lead/AQCD/Addendum and 1990 Supplement, in addition to other OAQPS sponsored lead exposure/risk analyses.  In this paper, it was proposed that the Pb NAAQS be revised further and presented options for revision to the EPA.  The EPA elected to not modify the Pb NAAQS further, but decided to instead focus on the 1991 U.S. EPA Strategy for Reducing Lead Exposure.  The EPA concentrated on regulatory and remedial clean-up efforts to minimize Pb exposure from numerous non-air sources that caused more severe public health risks, and undertook actions to reduce air emissions.

Paragraph 30: One of the six songs that Warnes had placed in the top half of the Billboard Hot 100 at that point was the number six hit "Right Time of the Night" from 1977. Her soundtrack credits included the Oscar-nominated "One More Hour" from Ragtime and the Oscar-winning "It Goes Like It Goes" from Norma Rae, which, like the Hackford film, also had a lead female character who worked in a factory. Hackford initially rejected the idea of Warnes singing a song for An Officer and a Gentleman "because he felt she had too sweet a sound," but Warnes met with Sill and discussed the possibility of doing so: "I suggested to Joel that I sing on that film in a duet with Joe Cocker." Sill thought this was an interesting idea but needed to convince Hackford of that. He said, "I discussed with Taylor, since the film centered really around Richard [Gere] and Debra [Winger] primarily, that maybe we should have a duet" and that with Cocker and Warnes they would be "matching the characters to some degree. The dynamic between the two was the soft and the rough, that, to some degree, Debra Winger's character was very, very soft in the picture, even though she was in a rough environment. And Richard Gere's character, to some degree, was really a rough character until he was softened up by her." Hackford thought the idea had potential and now had another friend in the music industry to ask for a favor. Chris Blackwell was the owner of Island Records, and Cocker was now recording for Island. "I called Chris and said I want to do this, and he just, on the phone, said, 'OK, I'll make this happen. What would initially convince Cocker to work on the project, however, was a small portion of the lyrics. He described it as "the 'Up' part, which is what made me realize it had hit potential. It was so unusual – that 'Love, lift us up ...

Paragraph 31: SkavenDeathmaster Snikchm,  - Deathmaster Snikch is the chief assassin and prime agent of Lord Sneek, Lord of Decay and Nightlord of clan Eshin. Possible murderer of Valten.Grey Seer Thanquolm,  - Thanquol is one of the most powerful and active of the Grey Seers. He is always accompanied by Boneripper, his mechanized undead Rat Ogre. Though he is supremely cunning and a masterful schemer, his plans are nearly always thwarted by Gotrek and Felix (the defeats are often compounded by Skaven cowardice and incompetence), and he hates and fears them in equal measure.Ikit Clawm - Ikit Claw has dedicated his long life to the study of all forms of magery, including the spells of Men and Elves. His loyalty is to clan Skryre.Lurk Snitchtongue - Grey Seer Thanquol's servant who secretly tries to double cross his master numerous times in the Gotrek and Felix series of novels. He later becomes mutated by sneaking aboard Malakai Makaisson's airship The Spirit of Grungi which ventured into the Chaos Wastes. Lurk eventually believes he is the chosen of the Horned Rat and leads a skaven rebellion.Plague Lord Nurglitchm - The first plague lord of clan Pestilens and member of the Council of Thirteen. It was his corrupting disease that now marks clan Pestilens members as different from the other clans.Lord Skrolkm - Skrolk was a simple Plague Monk at the beginning of his life, but his devotion to the Horned Rat aided him in the long struggle for power, eventually leading him to Skavenblight to offer his services to Nurglitch, the seventh Arch-Plaguelord.Skweel Gnawtoothm - Skweel is clan Moulder's greatest packmaster. Born a runt, his continual fight for survival eventually led to great skill in commanding the larger, more unstable rats like Rat Ogres.Thrott the Uncleanm - Master mutator of Clan Moulder.  Possesses a warpstone eye and three arms, which prove an advantage in combat, as he can wield both a mancatcher and sword at onceTretch Craventailm - Tretch is the Clanchief of the Skaven clan Rictus and is known for his cunning and ability to survive any situation. He took his title as Clanchief by disguising himself as a stalactite and falling upon the previous Clanchief, splitting him in two.VerminLord Skreech verminking Lord skreech verminking is the avatar of the horned rat. He was part of the original council of thirteen and when they displeased the horned rat and were imprisoned skreech ate them and turned into the most powerful skaven of all time Warlord Queek headtakerm - Warlord Queek the Head-taker is the right claw of Warlord Gnawdwell, the ruler of Clan Mors and the City of Pillars. Gnawdwell is one of the Lords of Decay and without doubt one of the most powerful warlords in the Under-Empire.

Paragraph 32: Florence Mills (Florence Winfrey) was born a daughter of formerly enslaved parents Nellie (Simon) and John Winfrey in 1896 in Washington, D.C. She began performing as a child. At the age of six she sang duets with her two older sisters, Olivia and Maude. They eventually formed a vaudeville act, calling themselves the Mills Sisters. The act did well, appearing in theaters along the Atlantic seaboard. Florence's sisters eventually quit performing, but Florence stayed with it, determined to pursue a career in show business. She joined Ada Smith, Cora Green, and Carolyn Williams in the Panama Four, which had some success. She then joined a traveling Black show, the Tennessee Ten, and in 1917 she met the dance director and acrobatic dancer Ulysses "Slow Kid" Thompson (1888–1990), to whom she would be married from 1921 until her death.

Paragraph 33: During the early 17th century, the Sawwafs formed part of the Druze opposition, along with the Alam al-Dins and Arslans, to the powerful Druze chief, tax farmer and Ottoman governor Fakhr al-Din II. During the latter's exile in 1613–1618, they fought against his Ma'nid kinsmen and took refuge with Yusuf Sayfa in the Krak des Chevaliers after Fakhr al-Din's offensive against them in 1619.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The apparent grandson of Qaytbay, Zayn al-Din, militarily supported Ali ibn Muhammad, the grandnephew of Yusuf Sayfa, in his victory against Yusuf's son Assaf in a battle at Iaal near Tripoli in 1634. He was appointed to governorship of Bsharri along with the Maronite chief Abu Awn al-Jumayyil (Abu Aoun Gemayel) in 1641. He and his nephew, the muqaddam Abdullah ibn Qaytbay, were given military charge over Wadi al-Taym alongside the Alam al-Din chiefs Mansur and Muhammad in 1659, following the expulsion of the Shihabs. Abdullah was killed near Beirut in a battle against the Qaysi Druze (the Sawwafs were part of the rival Yaman faction), which included the Ma'ns and Shihabs, in 1667. The traditional Druze rivals of the Sawwafs in the Matn were the Abu'l-Lama muqaddams of Kafr Silwan, allies of the Ma'ns and Shihabs. They fought in the ranks of the Yamani Druze against the Qays led by the Shihabs at the Battle of Ain Dara in 1711. The Yaman were routed, many of the Sawwafs were killed and family survivors fled the Matn and adopted different names.

Paragraph 34: In 2004, a new controversy erupted at the end of the season when Auburn and Utah, who both finished the regular season , were left out of the BCS title game in favor of Oklahoma who also was  and had won decisively over Colorado in the Big 12 Championship game. USC went on to a win easily over Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl while Auburn and Utah both won their bowl games, leaving three undefeated teams at the end of the season.  Also, in that same year, Texas made up late ground on California (Cal) in the BCS standings and as a result grabbed a high-payout, at-large spot in the Rose Bowl.  Previous to that poll, Cal had been ranked ahead of Texas in both human polls and the BCS poll. Going into their final game, the Golden Bears were made aware that while margin of victory did not affect computer rankings, it did affect human polls and just eight voters changing their vote could affect the final standings.  Both teams won their game that week, but the Texas coach, Mack Brown, had made a public effort to lobby for his team to be moved higher in the ranking.  When the human polls were released, Texas remained behind Cal, but it had closed the gap enough so that the BCS poll (which determines placement) placed Texas above Cal, angering both Cal and its conference, the Pac-10. The final poll positions had been unchanged with Cal at No. 4 AP, No. 4 coaches, and No. 6 computers polls and Texas at No. 6 AP, No. 5 coaches, and No. 4 computer polls.  The AP Poll voters were caught in the middle because their vote changes were automatically publicized, while the votes of the Coaches poll were kept confidential.  Although there had been a more substantial shift in the votes of the Coaches Poll, the only clear targets for the ire of fanatical fans were the voters in the AP Poll.  While officials from both Cal and the Pac-10 called for the coaches' votes to be publicized, the overtures were turned down and did little to solve the problem of AP voters. Cal went on to lose to Texas Tech in the Holiday Bowl.  Texas defeated Michigan in the Rose Bowl.

Paragraph 35: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 36: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 37: After New Orleans, David Farragut's force moved up the Mississippi, and Terry was present when the salt water fleet ran the gauntlet at Vicksburg and joined Flag Officer Charles Henry Davis' riverine fleet above the Confederate stronghold. In January 1863, Terry was promoted to lieutenant commander. On March 14, his ship joined others of the fleet in bombarding the batteries surrounding Port Hudson so that Farragut could dash past them and establish a blockade cutting the Confederacy's Red River supply line. In his last major engagement, the Battle of Mobile Bay on August 5, 1864, Terry helped to close the last major Confederate port on the Gulf of Mexico.

Paragraph 38: Florence Mills (Florence Winfrey) was born a daughter of formerly enslaved parents Nellie (Simon) and John Winfrey in 1896 in Washington, D.C. She began performing as a child. At the age of six she sang duets with her two older sisters, Olivia and Maude. They eventually formed a vaudeville act, calling themselves the Mills Sisters. The act did well, appearing in theaters along the Atlantic seaboard. Florence's sisters eventually quit performing, but Florence stayed with it, determined to pursue a career in show business. She joined Ada Smith, Cora Green, and Carolyn Williams in the Panama Four, which had some success. She then joined a traveling Black show, the Tennessee Ten, and in 1917 she met the dance director and acrobatic dancer Ulysses "Slow Kid" Thompson (1888–1990), to whom she would be married from 1921 until her death.

Paragraph 39: Florence Mills (Florence Winfrey) was born a daughter of formerly enslaved parents Nellie (Simon) and John Winfrey in 1896 in Washington, D.C. She began performing as a child. At the age of six she sang duets with her two older sisters, Olivia and Maude. They eventually formed a vaudeville act, calling themselves the Mills Sisters. The act did well, appearing in theaters along the Atlantic seaboard. Florence's sisters eventually quit performing, but Florence stayed with it, determined to pursue a career in show business. She joined Ada Smith, Cora Green, and Carolyn Williams in the Panama Four, which had some success. She then joined a traveling Black show, the Tennessee Ten, and in 1917 she met the dance director and acrobatic dancer Ulysses "Slow Kid" Thompson (1888–1990), to whom she would be married from 1921 until her death.

Paragraph 40: SkavenDeathmaster Snikchm,  - Deathmaster Snikch is the chief assassin and prime agent of Lord Sneek, Lord of Decay and Nightlord of clan Eshin. Possible murderer of Valten.Grey Seer Thanquolm,  - Thanquol is one of the most powerful and active of the Grey Seers. He is always accompanied by Boneripper, his mechanized undead Rat Ogre. Though he is supremely cunning and a masterful schemer, his plans are nearly always thwarted by Gotrek and Felix (the defeats are often compounded by Skaven cowardice and incompetence), and he hates and fears them in equal measure.Ikit Clawm - Ikit Claw has dedicated his long life to the study of all forms of magery, including the spells of Men and Elves. His loyalty is to clan Skryre.Lurk Snitchtongue - Grey Seer Thanquol's servant who secretly tries to double cross his master numerous times in the Gotrek and Felix series of novels. He later becomes mutated by sneaking aboard Malakai Makaisson's airship The Spirit of Grungi which ventured into the Chaos Wastes. Lurk eventually believes he is the chosen of the Horned Rat and leads a skaven rebellion.Plague Lord Nurglitchm - The first plague lord of clan Pestilens and member of the Council of Thirteen. It was his corrupting disease that now marks clan Pestilens members as different from the other clans.Lord Skrolkm - Skrolk was a simple Plague Monk at the beginning of his life, but his devotion to the Horned Rat aided him in the long struggle for power, eventually leading him to Skavenblight to offer his services to Nurglitch, the seventh Arch-Plaguelord.Skweel Gnawtoothm - Skweel is clan Moulder's greatest packmaster. Born a runt, his continual fight for survival eventually led to great skill in commanding the larger, more unstable rats like Rat Ogres.Thrott the Uncleanm - Master mutator of Clan Moulder.  Possesses a warpstone eye and three arms, which prove an advantage in combat, as he can wield both a mancatcher and sword at onceTretch Craventailm - Tretch is the Clanchief of the Skaven clan Rictus and is known for his cunning and ability to survive any situation. He took his title as Clanchief by disguising himself as a stalactite and falling upon the previous Clanchief, splitting him in two.VerminLord Skreech verminking Lord skreech verminking is the avatar of the horned rat. He was part of the original council of thirteen and when they displeased the horned rat and were imprisoned skreech ate them and turned into the most powerful skaven of all time Warlord Queek headtakerm - Warlord Queek the Head-taker is the right claw of Warlord Gnawdwell, the ruler of Clan Mors and the City of Pillars. Gnawdwell is one of the Lords of Decay and without doubt one of the most powerful warlords in the Under-Empire.

Paragraph 41: Strauss spent his childhood and student years in the house of his grandfather, Doctor Bartolomej Kux, who was an educated, however sceptical Jew. Under his influence, young Strauss perceived God more pantheisticly, which gave him a feeling of fear and insecurity. After adolescence he had doubts about the value of the world, in which he saw severe social injustice. He saw many negative traits in a lot of his Jewish fellows, on the other hand the Judaism was enlightened by the example of Hasidic rabbis. At the end of his high school, Strauss was flirting with communism, by studying the work of Mehring, Engels, Lenin, Plechan, and Bukharin. He was under the strong influence of Breton´s and Eluard´s surrealism and poetism and dadaism as well. During his studies in Prague he was going through some enriching cultural experience, which when he looked back at, he thought of them as „...as a sticker, a band-aid for a scattered soul. The outer discomfort beyond more restless and sinful soul. The obscurity in moral viewpoints, the desire to stand out and the great hunger after the truth, the purity and the assurance, even besides the  notorious social problems...“  Nevertheless, he found something in this all later and considered it as his first phase of the conversion to Christianity. He defined it as a challenge of remplacing himself for living with the others, living for the world, especially the world of future. The second phase of his conversion had started during his military service in Ružomberok, where he was very positively influenced by the converted family - „Munkovci“. They availed him of catholic literature, particularly the work of Lippert and Guardini. He excitedly read the other work of Maritain, Blondel, Gilson, Guitton, Rilke, Papini, Bergson and others. He could not have let go of the ideas of Nietzsche, Breton and of some published ideas in the magazine Psyché. In the third phase of Strauss´s conversion, starting in about 1940, he was accepting a challenge to be baptized by Jozef Kožár, which had been consecrating  him into the New Testament for almost half a year. Just before the baptism he partook in the spiritual retreats under the guidance of a Jesuit Ján Dieška and eventually he completed interviews with then Jesuit provincial padre Jozef Mikuš. In the post conversion phase he strengthened his faith by reading religion literature, particularly Imitation of Christ, Filotey and by penetrating into the liturgical life of  the Church. His wife Mária, maiden name: Loydlová was some kind of a spiritual manuduktor to him.

Paragraph 42: Coenraad's son Casparus Johannes (1844–1901), employed since 1865, had a gift for marketing and contributed greatly to the growth of the company. Advertisements for Van Houten could be found on trams throughout Europe and the United States. As early as 1899, Van Houten produced a commercial film that depicted a sleepy clerk who recovers miraculously after eating some chocolate. The factory was a boost for the town of Weesp, whose population doubled in the second half of the 19th century. Casparus Jr. had himself built a 99-room Jugendstil villa in Weesp, by the renowned architect Abraham Salm (1857–1915). Work was started in 1897 but not completed until 1901, the year he died.

Paragraph 43: James III had faced rebellion for months, with a complicated series of events leading to Sauchieburn. The rebels having made James, Duke of Rothesay their figurehead earlier in the year, James III became determined to get hold of his son and settle the matter. However he broke his written word that he would negotiate first, instead travelling south to Edinburgh from his stronghold in the north.  This breaking of his word apparently caused some of his strong supporters to desert him, such as Huntly, Erroll, Marishal, and Glamis; they adopted a neutral stance on the issues. In May, James crossed the river to use Blackness as a base, with the Duke of Rothesay at Linlithgow. However, attempts to reach the prince at Linlithgow were defeated in a small skirmish, and James was forced back to Blackness, from where he fled, leaving behind those he had given as hostages to the rebels. By 16 May he was back in Edinburgh, and began spreading money around to raise supporters, including to his half uncle, John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl. At this point the rebels were geographically split, some at Stirling, some at Linlithgow. James again took the initiative with a sudden move over to Fife with his supporters and their men, advancing on Stirling, where on 10 June he took the rebels by surprise, driving them southwards. This left James with the town of Stirling, perhaps not the castle, from where he advanced on 11 June to meet the combined forces of the rebels driven from Stirling and those who had come from Linlithgow in support. To aid him in battle he had the sword of Robert the Bruce with him. Dr John Ireland heard the King's confession. His army was arrayed by the advocate John Ross of Montgrenan and battle began.

Paragraph 44: Coenraad's son Casparus Johannes (1844–1901), employed since 1865, had a gift for marketing and contributed greatly to the growth of the company. Advertisements for Van Houten could be found on trams throughout Europe and the United States. As early as 1899, Van Houten produced a commercial film that depicted a sleepy clerk who recovers miraculously after eating some chocolate. The factory was a boost for the town of Weesp, whose population doubled in the second half of the 19th century. Casparus Jr. had himself built a 99-room Jugendstil villa in Weesp, by the renowned architect Abraham Salm (1857–1915). Work was started in 1897 but not completed until 1901, the year he died.

Paragraph 45: On October 25, 2017, Prof. Ido Bruno was appointed Director of the Israel Museum in Jerusalem as the Anne and Jerome Fisher Director. Bruno served as a professor in the Industrial Design Department of the Bezalel Academy of Arts & Design, Jerusalem. He brings to the position decades of experience as a curator and designer of exhibitions presented in Israel and across the world with a focus on art, archeology, science, and history. He was unanimously elected by the museum's board of directors, chaired by Isaac Molho, following an extensive search and review process of candidates from Israel and abroad. Bruno assumed his position at the museum in November 2017.

Paragraph 46: During the early 17th century, the Sawwafs formed part of the Druze opposition, along with the Alam al-Dins and Arslans, to the powerful Druze chief, tax farmer and Ottoman governor Fakhr al-Din II. During the latter's exile in 1613–1618, they fought against his Ma'nid kinsmen and took refuge with Yusuf Sayfa in the Krak des Chevaliers after Fakhr al-Din's offensive against them in 1619.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The apparent grandson of Qaytbay, Zayn al-Din, militarily supported Ali ibn Muhammad, the grandnephew of Yusuf Sayfa, in his victory against Yusuf's son Assaf in a battle at Iaal near Tripoli in 1634. He was appointed to governorship of Bsharri along with the Maronite chief Abu Awn al-Jumayyil (Abu Aoun Gemayel) in 1641. He and his nephew, the muqaddam Abdullah ibn Qaytbay, were given military charge over Wadi al-Taym alongside the Alam al-Din chiefs Mansur and Muhammad in 1659, following the expulsion of the Shihabs. Abdullah was killed near Beirut in a battle against the Qaysi Druze (the Sawwafs were part of the rival Yaman faction), which included the Ma'ns and Shihabs, in 1667. The traditional Druze rivals of the Sawwafs in the Matn were the Abu'l-Lama muqaddams of Kafr Silwan, allies of the Ma'ns and Shihabs. They fought in the ranks of the Yamani Druze against the Qays led by the Shihabs at the Battle of Ain Dara in 1711. The Yaman were routed, many of the Sawwafs were killed and family survivors fled the Matn and adopted different names.

Paragraph 47: Left Ohio for Grafton, Va., September 15, then moved to Cheat Mountain Summit. Action at Greenbrier River, Va., October 3–4, 1861. Duty at Greenbrier until December. Action at Camp Allegheny December 13. Duty at Beverly December 1861 to April 1862. Expedition on the Seneca April 1–12. Action at Monterey April 12. At Staunton until May 7. Battle of McDowell May 8. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. Duty at Strasburg and Winchester until September. Evacuation of Winchester September 2. Defense of Harpers Ferry, September 12–15. Maryland Heights September 12–13. Regiment captured September 15. Paroled September 16 and sent to Annapolis, Md., then to Chicago, Ill., and to Cleveland, Ohio. Exchanged January 12, 1863. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., January 20–25, 1863, then to Lake Providence, La., February 20, and to Milliken's Bend, La., April 17. Movement on Bruinsburg, Mississippi and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson May 1. Raymond May 12. Jackson May 14. Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Surrender of Vicksburg July 4, and garrison duty there until February 1864. Expedition to Monroe, La., August 20-September 2, 1863. Expedition to Canton October 14–20. Bogue Chitto Creek October 17. Meridian Campaign February 3-March 2. Baker's Creek February 5. Moved to Clifton, Tenn., thence march to Ackworth, Ga., April 21-June 8. Atlanta Campaign, June 8-September 8. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Howell's Ferry July 5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Leggett's or Bald Hill July 20–21. Battle of Atlanta July 22. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Flank movement on Jonesborough August 25–30. Battle of Jonesborough August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Shadow Church and Westbrook's near Fairburn October 2. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Louisville November 30. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Salkehatchie Swamp, S.C., February 2–5. River's Bridge, Salkehatchie River, February 3. South Edisto River February 9. Orangeburg February 11–12. Columbia February 15–17. Fayetteville, N.C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 8.

Paragraph 48: A General Council was established in the same period and was first elected in January 1947. The result was a victory for the Dahomeyan Progressive Union, which won 20 of the 30 elected seats. French National Assembly elections were held again in 1951, with Dahomey now having two seats; the Liste de l'Union Française and the Ethnic Group of the North (GEN) each won one seat. The General Council was converted into the Territorial Assembly in 1952, with the first elections to the new body resulting in a victory for the Republican Party of Dahomey (PRD), which won 19 of the 32 seats elected by the second college.

Paragraph 49: Borthwickia is a fragrant, evergreen shrub or small tree of  high. It has square, light green, later pale yellow branchlets, which are initially covered in dense, short, white hairs, which are lost in the older, cylindrical branches. Leaves are arranged with two on opposite sides of the branchlets, and consist of a usually  long leaf stalk and three papery leaflets, each on a stalk of about  long. The midveins are raised on the upper surface, flat on the lower surface, where they are also covered in dense white hairs. Each leaflet has seven to nine side veins on each side, and reticulate veinlets in between that are visible from both sides. The top leaflet is usually  long and about half as wide. The leaflets at the base are slightly smaller and somewhat asymmetric. Flowers are with several in  long racemes at the tip of branchlets, and develop from the base to the tip. The common axis is covered in soft short white hairs, and each flower is set on a 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long flower stalk, which is initially in the axil of a 1–1½ cm long narrow bract. The file to eight sepals are whitish in color and fused into a closed tube with short white velvet hair on both surfaces. These split into two lobes when the flower opens, and are quickly shed. The five to eight erect petals are whitish in color and oval to spoon-shaped, 1½–1¾ cm (0.6–0.7 in) long, thick at base and thin at the upper margin, up to half as long as the calyx tube. Both anthers and ovary are set above sepals and petals on a stalk of about ½ cm (0.2 in) long. Sixty to seventy free stamens are  long and carry ovate anthers which open with longitudinal slits. Pollen grains are approximately 30 × 22 μm, with three ridges from pole to pole. Nectar is produced by the stalk between the petals and the stamens. The ovary is linear, 1–1½ cm (0.4–0.6 in) long, towards the tip with four to six grooves and ridges, and four to six compartments, in each of which are two rows of ovules attached to the axis at the centre. The stigma at the top is seated and indistinct. The fruit is on a  long stalk above the scars of the stamens, and is a drooping, knobbly, angular cylindrical capsule, of  long and  in diameter, with a  long beak at the tip. When ripe, the walls of the fruits are shed in longitudinal strips starting from the base, showing the axis with eight to twelve rows of  large, initially red, later red-brown kidney-shaped seeds. The plant can be in flower from April to June, and ripe fruits may be present in August and September.

Paragraph 50:  Lead (Pb): In the mid-1970s, lead was listed as a criteria air pollutant that required NAAQS regulation.  In 1977, the EPA published a document which detailed the Air Quality Criteria for lead.  This document was based on the scientific assessments of lead at the time.  Based on this report (1977 Lead AQCD), the EPA established a "1.5 µg/m3 (maximum quarterly calendar average) Pb NAAQS in 1978." The Clean Air Act requires periodic review of NAAQS, and new scientific data published after 1977 made it necessary to revise the standards previously established in the 1977 Lead AQCD document.  An Addendum to the document was published in 1986 and then again as a Supplement to the 1986 AQCD/Addendum in 1990. In 1990, a Lead Staff Paper was prepared by the EPA's Office of Air Quality Planning and Standards (OPQPS), which was based on information presented in the 1986 Lead/AQCD/Addendum and 1990 Supplement, in addition to other OAQPS sponsored lead exposure/risk analyses.  In this paper, it was proposed that the Pb NAAQS be revised further and presented options for revision to the EPA.  The EPA elected to not modify the Pb NAAQS further, but decided to instead focus on the 1991 U.S. EPA Strategy for Reducing Lead Exposure.  The EPA concentrated on regulatory and remedial clean-up efforts to minimize Pb exposure from numerous non-air sources that caused more severe public health risks, and undertook actions to reduce air emissions.