Paragraph 1: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Early in the morning a reinforced North Vietnamese company attacked Company B, which was manning a defensive perimeter in Vietnam. The surprise onslaught wounded 5 members of a 6-man squad caught in the direct path of the enemy's thrust. S/Sgt. Stewart became a lone defender of vital terrain—virtually 1 man against a hostile platoon. Refusing to take advantage of a lull in the firing which would have permitted him to withdraw, S/Sgt. Stewart elected to hold his ground to protect his fallen comrades and prevent an enemy penetration of the company perimeter. As the full force of the platoon-sized man attack struck his lone position, he fought like a man possessed; emptying magazine after magazine at the determined, on-charging enemy. The enemy drove almost to his position and hurled grenades, but S/Sgt. Stewart decimated them by retrieving and throwing the grenades back. Exhausting his ammunition, he crawled under intense fire to his wounded team members and collected ammunition that they were unable to use. Far past the normal point of exhaustion, he held his position for 4 harrowing hours and through 3 assaults, annihilating the enemy as they approached and before they could get a foothold. As a result of his defense, the company position held until the arrival of a reinforcing platoon which counterattacked the enemy, now occupying foxholes to the left of S/Sgt. Stewart's position. After the counterattack, his body was found in a shallow enemy hole where he had advanced in order to add his fire to that of the counterattacking platoon. Eight enemy dead were found around his immediate position, with evidence that 15 others had been dragged away. The wounded whom he gave his life to protect, were recovered and evacuated. S/Sgt. Stewart's indomitable courage, in the face of overwhelming odds, stands as a tribute to himself and an inspiration to all men of his unit. His actions were in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 2: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Early in the morning a reinforced North Vietnamese company attacked Company B, which was manning a defensive perimeter in Vietnam. The surprise onslaught wounded 5 members of a 6-man squad caught in the direct path of the enemy's thrust. S/Sgt. Stewart became a lone defender of vital terrain—virtually 1 man against a hostile platoon. Refusing to take advantage of a lull in the firing which would have permitted him to withdraw, S/Sgt. Stewart elected to hold his ground to protect his fallen comrades and prevent an enemy penetration of the company perimeter. As the full force of the platoon-sized man attack struck his lone position, he fought like a man possessed; emptying magazine after magazine at the determined, on-charging enemy. The enemy drove almost to his position and hurled grenades, but S/Sgt. Stewart decimated them by retrieving and throwing the grenades back. Exhausting his ammunition, he crawled under intense fire to his wounded team members and collected ammunition that they were unable to use. Far past the normal point of exhaustion, he held his position for 4 harrowing hours and through 3 assaults, annihilating the enemy as they approached and before they could get a foothold. As a result of his defense, the company position held until the arrival of a reinforcing platoon which counterattacked the enemy, now occupying foxholes to the left of S/Sgt. Stewart's position. After the counterattack, his body was found in a shallow enemy hole where he had advanced in order to add his fire to that of the counterattacking platoon. Eight enemy dead were found around his immediate position, with evidence that 15 others had been dragged away. The wounded whom he gave his life to protect, were recovered and evacuated. S/Sgt. Stewart's indomitable courage, in the face of overwhelming odds, stands as a tribute to himself and an inspiration to all men of his unit. His actions were in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 3: "Vantage Point is at its best in the early going when it focuses on the Secret Service agent, whom Quaid plays with the intensity of a man trying to blast through doubt and fear by staying very, very angry. Quaid is so good that his performance ends up promising what the script can't deliver - a blazing portrait of an American professional, the sunburned man of action, whose inner torment can't stop him." wrote Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle. Jim Lane, writing in the Sacramento News & Review, said, "It all winds up—or dribbles down—to yet another chase through crowded streets in commandeered cars, with an ending meant to be ironic but simply providing a crowning howler to all the Rube Goldberg nonsense." He emphatically believed, "with all the repetition and a modest 90-minute running time, they run out of ideas before they run out of film." Mick LaSalle in the San Francisco Chronicle wrote that the film "has a fractured and frustrating narrative." Unlike Akira Kurosawa's classic film Rashomon, which is structured around multiple retellings of the same event, LaSalle characterizes Vantage Point as "fairly pedestrian" and describes the multiple perspectives as "arbitrary, a gimmick." Claudia Puig of USA Today said the "various viewpoints don't quite link up" and the concept "seems initially intriguing, but it gets old after about the fifth time." She believed that like "many action-adventure movies that are short on plot intricacies but long on gimmick and explosives, too much is given away in the trailer." William Arnold of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer believed the film was "flat-out one of the more exciting and original gut-busters that Hollywood has produced in many a month. It's virtually all action, but the action is never mindless and it is full of marvelous surprises every step of the way." Richard Corliss of Time said that "Vantage Point scored with surprisingly robustness at the wickets, outperforming the predictions of industry analysts and seeming likely to be the weekend's No. 1 attraction." He said the film is "best seen as straightforward, sometimes harrowing melodrama, packed with mistaken identities, beautiful villains, a kindly tourist who can outrace the bad guys, and a lost little girl whom the film brazenly sends onto a highway full of speeding cars." David Denby of The New Yorker said, "Vantage Point is something remarkable—the ultimate case, perhaps, of a movie as a big whirling machine."

Paragraph 4: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Early in the morning a reinforced North Vietnamese company attacked Company B, which was manning a defensive perimeter in Vietnam. The surprise onslaught wounded 5 members of a 6-man squad caught in the direct path of the enemy's thrust. S/Sgt. Stewart became a lone defender of vital terrain—virtually 1 man against a hostile platoon. Refusing to take advantage of a lull in the firing which would have permitted him to withdraw, S/Sgt. Stewart elected to hold his ground to protect his fallen comrades and prevent an enemy penetration of the company perimeter. As the full force of the platoon-sized man attack struck his lone position, he fought like a man possessed; emptying magazine after magazine at the determined, on-charging enemy. The enemy drove almost to his position and hurled grenades, but S/Sgt. Stewart decimated them by retrieving and throwing the grenades back. Exhausting his ammunition, he crawled under intense fire to his wounded team members and collected ammunition that they were unable to use. Far past the normal point of exhaustion, he held his position for 4 harrowing hours and through 3 assaults, annihilating the enemy as they approached and before they could get a foothold. As a result of his defense, the company position held until the arrival of a reinforcing platoon which counterattacked the enemy, now occupying foxholes to the left of S/Sgt. Stewart's position. After the counterattack, his body was found in a shallow enemy hole where he had advanced in order to add his fire to that of the counterattacking platoon. Eight enemy dead were found around his immediate position, with evidence that 15 others had been dragged away. The wounded whom he gave his life to protect, were recovered and evacuated. S/Sgt. Stewart's indomitable courage, in the face of overwhelming odds, stands as a tribute to himself and an inspiration to all men of his unit. His actions were in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 5: In March 1927, Australian polar explorer George Hubert Wilkins and Eielson explored the drift ice north of Alaska. They touched down in Eielson's airplane in the first land-plane descent onto drift ice. In April 1928, Eielson and  Wilkins flew across the Arctic Ocean in the first flight from North America over the North Pole to Europe. The flight, from Point Barrow to Spitsbergen, covered  and took 20 hours. When Eielson accompanied Wilkins on an Antarctic expedition later in 1928, they became the first men to fly over both polar regions of the world in the same year.  During the Antarctic summer of 1928–1929, Eielson and Wilkins made air explorations of the Antarctic, charting several islands which were previously unknown.

Paragraph 6: Alder Gulch (alternatively called Alder Creek) is a place in the Ruby River valley, in the U.S. state of Montana, where gold was discovered on May 26, 1863, by William Fairweather and a group of men including Barney Hughes, Thomas Cover, Henry Rodgers, Henry Edgar and Bill Sweeney who were returning to the gold fields of Grasshopper Creek, Bannack, Montana. They were on their way to Yellowstone Country from Bannack but were waylaid by a band of Crow Indians. After being ordered out of Crow hunting grounds, they crossed the East Slope of the Tobacco Root Mountains and camped for the night in Elk Park, where William "Bill" Fairweather and Henry Edgar discovered gold, while the remaining party was out hunting for meat. Agreeing to keep the new discovery quiet the group of miners returned to the town of Bannack for supplies. However, word leaked out about the new strike, and miners followed the Fairweather party out of town. The party stopped at the Point of Rocks, part way between Bannack and Alder Gulch, and established the Fairweather Mining District in a miners meeting. It was agreed that the discoverers were entitled to two claims and first choice. The first stampede of miners reached Alder Gulch June 6, 1863, and the population swelled to over 10,000 in less than 3 months.  The "Fourteen Mile City" ran the length of the gulch, and included the towns of Junction City, Adobe Town, Nevada City, Central City, Virginia City, Montana, Bear Town, Highland, Pine Grove French Town, Hungry Hollow, and Summit. Upon arrival the miners lived in brush wickiups, dugouts and under overhanging rocks until cabins could be built. The first structure built in Virginia City was the Mechanical Bakery. Virginia City, and Nevada City were the centers of commerce during the height of the Alder Gulch gold rush. In the first year the area had over 10,000 people living there. Montana Territory was established in May 1864, and the first territorial capital was Bannack. The capital then moved to Virginia City, where it remained until 1875.   The Alder Gulch diggings were the richest gold placer deposits ever discovered, and in three years $30,000,000 was taken from them, with $10,000,000 taken out in the first year.  Nowadays, except during summertime, the streets of Virginia City are usually quiet and relatively few visitors find their way to the 16 ton granite monument that marks the spot of that incredible discovery of May 26, 1863.

Paragraph 7: The idea to create a children's hospital was born in the 1970s. At this time the Białystok Voivodeship had the lowest rate of hospital beds per 1,000 children as well as lack of academic pediatrics. At that time, the name "clinical pediatrics center of Białystok"  was used. Efforts to start the investment were started by prof. Maria Rudobielska (head of the Institute of Pediatrics at the Medical University of Bialystok at that time). It involved the then city and voivodeship authorities, university authorities (Rector Konstanty Wiśniewski) and others. As a result, on November 1, 1974, the Social Committee for the Construction of the Provincial Child Health Center in Białystok was established. Its main purpose was to collect social cash and work towards starting construction. The university also began to distribute donations among public institutions and organizations. During the year, PLN 6.5 million was collected from donations. In 1975, technical documentation was prepared and the location of the investment was determined. The construction works were to start in 1976, but the economic crisis in the country caused the investment to be removed from the investment plan of the Ministry of Health three times. The situation was not made easier by the fact that the university - also due to this crisis - had problems with completing the construction of the Collegium Pathologicum building at 13 Waszyngtona street. The cornerstone for the construction of the Institute of Paediatrics was finally laid during the inauguration of the academic year in 1981. While construction was planned to be completed within 3.5 years the target failed due to economic hardships in  Poland in the early 1980s and temporarily stopped. The breakthrough in the implementation of the investment happened in 1987-1990. On December 1, 1987, at the request of the then Rector of the Medical University of Bialystok, prof. Zbigniew Puchalski, the minister of health Janusz Komender appointed prof. Maciej Kaczmarski to the position of hospital director. The first stage of construction was completed on October 1, 1988. During the inauguration of the academic year 1988-1989, the Children's and Youth Outpatient Clinic was opened. Order of the Minister of Health, Izabela Płaneta-Małecka, signed on December 22, 1988 formally established the University Children Clinical Hospital. The second stage of the investment implementation was performed by prof. Jan Górski. Buildings which were included in the original plan and were removed due to economic constrains were re-included and built (among them the Collegium Novum building at 15a Waszyngtona Street). Finally, in 2003, after 23 years of construction, the entire investment was officially completed. The last symbolic act was the opening of the Observation and Infection Clinic. In June 2021 an agreement was signed between the hospital and Minister of Health Adam Niedzielski on a general reconstruction of the hospital with a budget of 36 million zlotych with works due to finish by June 2023. In October 2022 the Psychiatric Center was opened, co-financed by the Podlaskie Voivodeship Marshal's Office and the central Polish government, and house a new day-hospitalization department for psychiatric care. The Center was constructed at 2 Wołodyjowskiego Street, in the place of the former so-called the "Swedish House", which was once the seat of the hospital administration and demolished in 2017.

Paragraph 8: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 9: In March 1927, Australian polar explorer George Hubert Wilkins and Eielson explored the drift ice north of Alaska. They touched down in Eielson's airplane in the first land-plane descent onto drift ice. In April 1928, Eielson and  Wilkins flew across the Arctic Ocean in the first flight from North America over the North Pole to Europe. The flight, from Point Barrow to Spitsbergen, covered  and took 20 hours. When Eielson accompanied Wilkins on an Antarctic expedition later in 1928, they became the first men to fly over both polar regions of the world in the same year.  During the Antarctic summer of 1928–1929, Eielson and Wilkins made air explorations of the Antarctic, charting several islands which were previously unknown.

Paragraph 10: Alder Gulch (alternatively called Alder Creek) is a place in the Ruby River valley, in the U.S. state of Montana, where gold was discovered on May 26, 1863, by William Fairweather and a group of men including Barney Hughes, Thomas Cover, Henry Rodgers, Henry Edgar and Bill Sweeney who were returning to the gold fields of Grasshopper Creek, Bannack, Montana. They were on their way to Yellowstone Country from Bannack but were waylaid by a band of Crow Indians. After being ordered out of Crow hunting grounds, they crossed the East Slope of the Tobacco Root Mountains and camped for the night in Elk Park, where William "Bill" Fairweather and Henry Edgar discovered gold, while the remaining party was out hunting for meat. Agreeing to keep the new discovery quiet the group of miners returned to the town of Bannack for supplies. However, word leaked out about the new strike, and miners followed the Fairweather party out of town. The party stopped at the Point of Rocks, part way between Bannack and Alder Gulch, and established the Fairweather Mining District in a miners meeting. It was agreed that the discoverers were entitled to two claims and first choice. The first stampede of miners reached Alder Gulch June 6, 1863, and the population swelled to over 10,000 in less than 3 months.  The "Fourteen Mile City" ran the length of the gulch, and included the towns of Junction City, Adobe Town, Nevada City, Central City, Virginia City, Montana, Bear Town, Highland, Pine Grove French Town, Hungry Hollow, and Summit. Upon arrival the miners lived in brush wickiups, dugouts and under overhanging rocks until cabins could be built. The first structure built in Virginia City was the Mechanical Bakery. Virginia City, and Nevada City were the centers of commerce during the height of the Alder Gulch gold rush. In the first year the area had over 10,000 people living there. Montana Territory was established in May 1864, and the first territorial capital was Bannack. The capital then moved to Virginia City, where it remained until 1875.   The Alder Gulch diggings were the richest gold placer deposits ever discovered, and in three years $30,000,000 was taken from them, with $10,000,000 taken out in the first year.  Nowadays, except during summertime, the streets of Virginia City are usually quiet and relatively few visitors find their way to the 16 ton granite monument that marks the spot of that incredible discovery of May 26, 1863.

Paragraph 11: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 12: In March 1927, Australian polar explorer George Hubert Wilkins and Eielson explored the drift ice north of Alaska. They touched down in Eielson's airplane in the first land-plane descent onto drift ice. In April 1928, Eielson and  Wilkins flew across the Arctic Ocean in the first flight from North America over the North Pole to Europe. The flight, from Point Barrow to Spitsbergen, covered  and took 20 hours. When Eielson accompanied Wilkins on an Antarctic expedition later in 1928, they became the first men to fly over both polar regions of the world in the same year.  During the Antarctic summer of 1928–1929, Eielson and Wilkins made air explorations of the Antarctic, charting several islands which were previously unknown.

Paragraph 13: Alder Gulch (alternatively called Alder Creek) is a place in the Ruby River valley, in the U.S. state of Montana, where gold was discovered on May 26, 1863, by William Fairweather and a group of men including Barney Hughes, Thomas Cover, Henry Rodgers, Henry Edgar and Bill Sweeney who were returning to the gold fields of Grasshopper Creek, Bannack, Montana. They were on their way to Yellowstone Country from Bannack but were waylaid by a band of Crow Indians. After being ordered out of Crow hunting grounds, they crossed the East Slope of the Tobacco Root Mountains and camped for the night in Elk Park, where William "Bill" Fairweather and Henry Edgar discovered gold, while the remaining party was out hunting for meat. Agreeing to keep the new discovery quiet the group of miners returned to the town of Bannack for supplies. However, word leaked out about the new strike, and miners followed the Fairweather party out of town. The party stopped at the Point of Rocks, part way between Bannack and Alder Gulch, and established the Fairweather Mining District in a miners meeting. It was agreed that the discoverers were entitled to two claims and first choice. The first stampede of miners reached Alder Gulch June 6, 1863, and the population swelled to over 10,000 in less than 3 months.  The "Fourteen Mile City" ran the length of the gulch, and included the towns of Junction City, Adobe Town, Nevada City, Central City, Virginia City, Montana, Bear Town, Highland, Pine Grove French Town, Hungry Hollow, and Summit. Upon arrival the miners lived in brush wickiups, dugouts and under overhanging rocks until cabins could be built. The first structure built in Virginia City was the Mechanical Bakery. Virginia City, and Nevada City were the centers of commerce during the height of the Alder Gulch gold rush. In the first year the area had over 10,000 people living there. Montana Territory was established in May 1864, and the first territorial capital was Bannack. The capital then moved to Virginia City, where it remained until 1875.   The Alder Gulch diggings were the richest gold placer deposits ever discovered, and in three years $30,000,000 was taken from them, with $10,000,000 taken out in the first year.  Nowadays, except during summertime, the streets of Virginia City are usually quiet and relatively few visitors find their way to the 16 ton granite monument that marks the spot of that incredible discovery of May 26, 1863.

Paragraph 14: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 15: Yankovksy was born in the Vladivostok region to Yuri ("George", leading to the patronymic middle name Georgevich or Yurevich and corresponding initials G., I. or Y.) and Margarita, daughter of the shipping entrepreneur Mikhail G. Shevelev. His grandfather was the Polish settler Michał Jankowski. At an early age he began to hunt with his parents and earned a reputation for sharpshooting. He was nicknamed "nenuni sonja" by the local Koreans as his grand father had been called "nenuni" or four-eyed for his legendary skills and supposed sixth-sense while out hunting. In 1922, the family moved to northern Korea where they established Novina and Lukomorye resorts near Chongjin. When the Japanese occupied Korea, the family supplied meat to the Japanese army. Valery went to study at the Harbin Men's Gymnasium followed by studies at the Forestry College in Pyongyang. The Japanese police who knew his sharpshooting and hunting skills once showed him a photograph of a rebel hiding in the local forests and offered him a bounty of 10000 yen for his head. Valery declined due to sympathies with the locals and many years later learned that this target had been Kim Il-sung. In 1944, he moved to Manchuria and from 1945 he worked in the Soviet Army serving as a translator with knowledge of Japanese, Korean, and Russian. In 1946 he was arrested because of the family history, both as a White Russian and "for assisting the international bourgeoisie", since his family had supported the enemy, the Japanese army. He went to labour camp for six years, which was then extended to 10 years, and an attempt to escape led to a further extension to 25 years. During his sentence at the Gulags, he obtained through the camp management, information on his father and was able to exchange some correspondence. He was released in 1952 after which he worked in a mine in Chukotka and then at Magadan as a forester. He married Vera Maslakova (1912-1980) in Harbin in 1943, but the marriage did not last. In 1944 he married Irma Mayer (1924-1997) and they had a son Sergei. But after his arrest his wife was unable to contact him and she moved to Canada along with her son. He was rehabilitated in 1957 and he married Irina Kazimirovna Piotrovskaya (1924-2010) and moved to lived in Vladimir in 1968 after their son was born. He was in communication with his sisters Musa and Victoria who lived in the United States of America. In 1986, under Gorbachev's relaxation of rules, he was allowed to visit Canada and he met his first wife Irma and his son, then aged forty. The family also had a reunion when a statue of his grandfather was unveiled on September 15, 1991 in the village Bezverkhovo. Attendees included Valery, his son Arseny, sister Victoria, her son and two grandchildren, a grandson of Captain Fridolf Heck, and staff from the Arsenyev Museum. 

Paragraph 16: In March 1927, Australian polar explorer George Hubert Wilkins and Eielson explored the drift ice north of Alaska. They touched down in Eielson's airplane in the first land-plane descent onto drift ice. In April 1928, Eielson and  Wilkins flew across the Arctic Ocean in the first flight from North America over the North Pole to Europe. The flight, from Point Barrow to Spitsbergen, covered  and took 20 hours. When Eielson accompanied Wilkins on an Antarctic expedition later in 1928, they became the first men to fly over both polar regions of the world in the same year.  During the Antarctic summer of 1928–1929, Eielson and Wilkins made air explorations of the Antarctic, charting several islands which were previously unknown.

Paragraph 17: "Vantage Point is at its best in the early going when it focuses on the Secret Service agent, whom Quaid plays with the intensity of a man trying to blast through doubt and fear by staying very, very angry. Quaid is so good that his performance ends up promising what the script can't deliver - a blazing portrait of an American professional, the sunburned man of action, whose inner torment can't stop him." wrote Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle. Jim Lane, writing in the Sacramento News & Review, said, "It all winds up—or dribbles down—to yet another chase through crowded streets in commandeered cars, with an ending meant to be ironic but simply providing a crowning howler to all the Rube Goldberg nonsense." He emphatically believed, "with all the repetition and a modest 90-minute running time, they run out of ideas before they run out of film." Mick LaSalle in the San Francisco Chronicle wrote that the film "has a fractured and frustrating narrative." Unlike Akira Kurosawa's classic film Rashomon, which is structured around multiple retellings of the same event, LaSalle characterizes Vantage Point as "fairly pedestrian" and describes the multiple perspectives as "arbitrary, a gimmick." Claudia Puig of USA Today said the "various viewpoints don't quite link up" and the concept "seems initially intriguing, but it gets old after about the fifth time." She believed that like "many action-adventure movies that are short on plot intricacies but long on gimmick and explosives, too much is given away in the trailer." William Arnold of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer believed the film was "flat-out one of the more exciting and original gut-busters that Hollywood has produced in many a month. It's virtually all action, but the action is never mindless and it is full of marvelous surprises every step of the way." Richard Corliss of Time said that "Vantage Point scored with surprisingly robustness at the wickets, outperforming the predictions of industry analysts and seeming likely to be the weekend's No. 1 attraction." He said the film is "best seen as straightforward, sometimes harrowing melodrama, packed with mistaken identities, beautiful villains, a kindly tourist who can outrace the bad guys, and a lost little girl whom the film brazenly sends onto a highway full of speeding cars." David Denby of The New Yorker said, "Vantage Point is something remarkable—the ultimate case, perhaps, of a movie as a big whirling machine."

Paragraph 18: Alder Gulch (alternatively called Alder Creek) is a place in the Ruby River valley, in the U.S. state of Montana, where gold was discovered on May 26, 1863, by William Fairweather and a group of men including Barney Hughes, Thomas Cover, Henry Rodgers, Henry Edgar and Bill Sweeney who were returning to the gold fields of Grasshopper Creek, Bannack, Montana. They were on their way to Yellowstone Country from Bannack but were waylaid by a band of Crow Indians. After being ordered out of Crow hunting grounds, they crossed the East Slope of the Tobacco Root Mountains and camped for the night in Elk Park, where William "Bill" Fairweather and Henry Edgar discovered gold, while the remaining party was out hunting for meat. Agreeing to keep the new discovery quiet the group of miners returned to the town of Bannack for supplies. However, word leaked out about the new strike, and miners followed the Fairweather party out of town. The party stopped at the Point of Rocks, part way between Bannack and Alder Gulch, and established the Fairweather Mining District in a miners meeting. It was agreed that the discoverers were entitled to two claims and first choice. The first stampede of miners reached Alder Gulch June 6, 1863, and the population swelled to over 10,000 in less than 3 months.  The "Fourteen Mile City" ran the length of the gulch, and included the towns of Junction City, Adobe Town, Nevada City, Central City, Virginia City, Montana, Bear Town, Highland, Pine Grove French Town, Hungry Hollow, and Summit. Upon arrival the miners lived in brush wickiups, dugouts and under overhanging rocks until cabins could be built. The first structure built in Virginia City was the Mechanical Bakery. Virginia City, and Nevada City were the centers of commerce during the height of the Alder Gulch gold rush. In the first year the area had over 10,000 people living there. Montana Territory was established in May 1864, and the first territorial capital was Bannack. The capital then moved to Virginia City, where it remained until 1875.   The Alder Gulch diggings were the richest gold placer deposits ever discovered, and in three years $30,000,000 was taken from them, with $10,000,000 taken out in the first year.  Nowadays, except during summertime, the streets of Virginia City are usually quiet and relatively few visitors find their way to the 16 ton granite monument that marks the spot of that incredible discovery of May 26, 1863.

Paragraph 19: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Early in the morning a reinforced North Vietnamese company attacked Company B, which was manning a defensive perimeter in Vietnam. The surprise onslaught wounded 5 members of a 6-man squad caught in the direct path of the enemy's thrust. S/Sgt. Stewart became a lone defender of vital terrain—virtually 1 man against a hostile platoon. Refusing to take advantage of a lull in the firing which would have permitted him to withdraw, S/Sgt. Stewart elected to hold his ground to protect his fallen comrades and prevent an enemy penetration of the company perimeter. As the full force of the platoon-sized man attack struck his lone position, he fought like a man possessed; emptying magazine after magazine at the determined, on-charging enemy. The enemy drove almost to his position and hurled grenades, but S/Sgt. Stewart decimated them by retrieving and throwing the grenades back. Exhausting his ammunition, he crawled under intense fire to his wounded team members and collected ammunition that they were unable to use. Far past the normal point of exhaustion, he held his position for 4 harrowing hours and through 3 assaults, annihilating the enemy as they approached and before they could get a foothold. As a result of his defense, the company position held until the arrival of a reinforcing platoon which counterattacked the enemy, now occupying foxholes to the left of S/Sgt. Stewart's position. After the counterattack, his body was found in a shallow enemy hole where he had advanced in order to add his fire to that of the counterattacking platoon. Eight enemy dead were found around his immediate position, with evidence that 15 others had been dragged away. The wounded whom he gave his life to protect, were recovered and evacuated. S/Sgt. Stewart's indomitable courage, in the face of overwhelming odds, stands as a tribute to himself and an inspiration to all men of his unit. His actions were in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 20: In March 1927, Australian polar explorer George Hubert Wilkins and Eielson explored the drift ice north of Alaska. They touched down in Eielson's airplane in the first land-plane descent onto drift ice. In April 1928, Eielson and  Wilkins flew across the Arctic Ocean in the first flight from North America over the North Pole to Europe. The flight, from Point Barrow to Spitsbergen, covered  and took 20 hours. When Eielson accompanied Wilkins on an Antarctic expedition later in 1928, they became the first men to fly over both polar regions of the world in the same year.  During the Antarctic summer of 1928–1929, Eielson and Wilkins made air explorations of the Antarctic, charting several islands which were previously unknown.

Paragraph 21: The idea to create a children's hospital was born in the 1970s. At this time the Białystok Voivodeship had the lowest rate of hospital beds per 1,000 children as well as lack of academic pediatrics. At that time, the name "clinical pediatrics center of Białystok"  was used. Efforts to start the investment were started by prof. Maria Rudobielska (head of the Institute of Pediatrics at the Medical University of Bialystok at that time). It involved the then city and voivodeship authorities, university authorities (Rector Konstanty Wiśniewski) and others. As a result, on November 1, 1974, the Social Committee for the Construction of the Provincial Child Health Center in Białystok was established. Its main purpose was to collect social cash and work towards starting construction. The university also began to distribute donations among public institutions and organizations. During the year, PLN 6.5 million was collected from donations. In 1975, technical documentation was prepared and the location of the investment was determined. The construction works were to start in 1976, but the economic crisis in the country caused the investment to be removed from the investment plan of the Ministry of Health three times. The situation was not made easier by the fact that the university - also due to this crisis - had problems with completing the construction of the Collegium Pathologicum building at 13 Waszyngtona street. The cornerstone for the construction of the Institute of Paediatrics was finally laid during the inauguration of the academic year in 1981. While construction was planned to be completed within 3.5 years the target failed due to economic hardships in  Poland in the early 1980s and temporarily stopped. The breakthrough in the implementation of the investment happened in 1987-1990. On December 1, 1987, at the request of the then Rector of the Medical University of Bialystok, prof. Zbigniew Puchalski, the minister of health Janusz Komender appointed prof. Maciej Kaczmarski to the position of hospital director. The first stage of construction was completed on October 1, 1988. During the inauguration of the academic year 1988-1989, the Children's and Youth Outpatient Clinic was opened. Order of the Minister of Health, Izabela Płaneta-Małecka, signed on December 22, 1988 formally established the University Children Clinical Hospital. The second stage of the investment implementation was performed by prof. Jan Górski. Buildings which were included in the original plan and were removed due to economic constrains were re-included and built (among them the Collegium Novum building at 15a Waszyngtona Street). Finally, in 2003, after 23 years of construction, the entire investment was officially completed. The last symbolic act was the opening of the Observation and Infection Clinic. In June 2021 an agreement was signed between the hospital and Minister of Health Adam Niedzielski on a general reconstruction of the hospital with a budget of 36 million zlotych with works due to finish by June 2023. In October 2022 the Psychiatric Center was opened, co-financed by the Podlaskie Voivodeship Marshal's Office and the central Polish government, and house a new day-hospitalization department for psychiatric care. The Center was constructed at 2 Wołodyjowskiego Street, in the place of the former so-called the "Swedish House", which was once the seat of the hospital administration and demolished in 2017.

Paragraph 22: Yankovksy was born in the Vladivostok region to Yuri ("George", leading to the patronymic middle name Georgevich or Yurevich and corresponding initials G., I. or Y.) and Margarita, daughter of the shipping entrepreneur Mikhail G. Shevelev. His grandfather was the Polish settler Michał Jankowski. At an early age he began to hunt with his parents and earned a reputation for sharpshooting. He was nicknamed "nenuni sonja" by the local Koreans as his grand father had been called "nenuni" or four-eyed for his legendary skills and supposed sixth-sense while out hunting. In 1922, the family moved to northern Korea where they established Novina and Lukomorye resorts near Chongjin. When the Japanese occupied Korea, the family supplied meat to the Japanese army. Valery went to study at the Harbin Men's Gymnasium followed by studies at the Forestry College in Pyongyang. The Japanese police who knew his sharpshooting and hunting skills once showed him a photograph of a rebel hiding in the local forests and offered him a bounty of 10000 yen for his head. Valery declined due to sympathies with the locals and many years later learned that this target had been Kim Il-sung. In 1944, he moved to Manchuria and from 1945 he worked in the Soviet Army serving as a translator with knowledge of Japanese, Korean, and Russian. In 1946 he was arrested because of the family history, both as a White Russian and "for assisting the international bourgeoisie", since his family had supported the enemy, the Japanese army. He went to labour camp for six years, which was then extended to 10 years, and an attempt to escape led to a further extension to 25 years. During his sentence at the Gulags, he obtained through the camp management, information on his father and was able to exchange some correspondence. He was released in 1952 after which he worked in a mine in Chukotka and then at Magadan as a forester. He married Vera Maslakova (1912-1980) in Harbin in 1943, but the marriage did not last. In 1944 he married Irma Mayer (1924-1997) and they had a son Sergei. But after his arrest his wife was unable to contact him and she moved to Canada along with her son. He was rehabilitated in 1957 and he married Irina Kazimirovna Piotrovskaya (1924-2010) and moved to lived in Vladimir in 1968 after their son was born. He was in communication with his sisters Musa and Victoria who lived in the United States of America. In 1986, under Gorbachev's relaxation of rules, he was allowed to visit Canada and he met his first wife Irma and his son, then aged forty. The family also had a reunion when a statue of his grandfather was unveiled on September 15, 1991 in the village Bezverkhovo. Attendees included Valery, his son Arseny, sister Victoria, her son and two grandchildren, a grandson of Captain Fridolf Heck, and staff from the Arsenyev Museum. 

Paragraph 23: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 24: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 25: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 26: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 27: Yankovksy was born in the Vladivostok region to Yuri ("George", leading to the patronymic middle name Georgevich or Yurevich and corresponding initials G., I. or Y.) and Margarita, daughter of the shipping entrepreneur Mikhail G. Shevelev. His grandfather was the Polish settler Michał Jankowski. At an early age he began to hunt with his parents and earned a reputation for sharpshooting. He was nicknamed "nenuni sonja" by the local Koreans as his grand father had been called "nenuni" or four-eyed for his legendary skills and supposed sixth-sense while out hunting. In 1922, the family moved to northern Korea where they established Novina and Lukomorye resorts near Chongjin. When the Japanese occupied Korea, the family supplied meat to the Japanese army. Valery went to study at the Harbin Men's Gymnasium followed by studies at the Forestry College in Pyongyang. The Japanese police who knew his sharpshooting and hunting skills once showed him a photograph of a rebel hiding in the local forests and offered him a bounty of 10000 yen for his head. Valery declined due to sympathies with the locals and many years later learned that this target had been Kim Il-sung. In 1944, he moved to Manchuria and from 1945 he worked in the Soviet Army serving as a translator with knowledge of Japanese, Korean, and Russian. In 1946 he was arrested because of the family history, both as a White Russian and "for assisting the international bourgeoisie", since his family had supported the enemy, the Japanese army. He went to labour camp for six years, which was then extended to 10 years, and an attempt to escape led to a further extension to 25 years. During his sentence at the Gulags, he obtained through the camp management, information on his father and was able to exchange some correspondence. He was released in 1952 after which he worked in a mine in Chukotka and then at Magadan as a forester. He married Vera Maslakova (1912-1980) in Harbin in 1943, but the marriage did not last. In 1944 he married Irma Mayer (1924-1997) and they had a son Sergei. But after his arrest his wife was unable to contact him and she moved to Canada along with her son. He was rehabilitated in 1957 and he married Irina Kazimirovna Piotrovskaya (1924-2010) and moved to lived in Vladimir in 1968 after their son was born. He was in communication with his sisters Musa and Victoria who lived in the United States of America. In 1986, under Gorbachev's relaxation of rules, he was allowed to visit Canada and he met his first wife Irma and his son, then aged forty. The family also had a reunion when a statue of his grandfather was unveiled on September 15, 1991 in the village Bezverkhovo. Attendees included Valery, his son Arseny, sister Victoria, her son and two grandchildren, a grandson of Captain Fridolf Heck, and staff from the Arsenyev Museum. 

Paragraph 28: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.

Paragraph 29: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. Early in the morning a reinforced North Vietnamese company attacked Company B, which was manning a defensive perimeter in Vietnam. The surprise onslaught wounded 5 members of a 6-man squad caught in the direct path of the enemy's thrust. S/Sgt. Stewart became a lone defender of vital terrain—virtually 1 man against a hostile platoon. Refusing to take advantage of a lull in the firing which would have permitted him to withdraw, S/Sgt. Stewart elected to hold his ground to protect his fallen comrades and prevent an enemy penetration of the company perimeter. As the full force of the platoon-sized man attack struck his lone position, he fought like a man possessed; emptying magazine after magazine at the determined, on-charging enemy. The enemy drove almost to his position and hurled grenades, but S/Sgt. Stewart decimated them by retrieving and throwing the grenades back. Exhausting his ammunition, he crawled under intense fire to his wounded team members and collected ammunition that they were unable to use. Far past the normal point of exhaustion, he held his position for 4 harrowing hours and through 3 assaults, annihilating the enemy as they approached and before they could get a foothold. As a result of his defense, the company position held until the arrival of a reinforcing platoon which counterattacked the enemy, now occupying foxholes to the left of S/Sgt. Stewart's position. After the counterattack, his body was found in a shallow enemy hole where he had advanced in order to add his fire to that of the counterattacking platoon. Eight enemy dead were found around his immediate position, with evidence that 15 others had been dragged away. The wounded whom he gave his life to protect, were recovered and evacuated. S/Sgt. Stewart's indomitable courage, in the face of overwhelming odds, stands as a tribute to himself and an inspiration to all men of his unit. His actions were in the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 30: Since December 16, 2002, she was one of the news presenters at Noticias Caracol (at the time Caracol Noticias) newscast. At Noticias Caracol, Corzo managed –until early 2007– its health segments (previously in charge by Claudia Palacios, who left for CNN en Español in 2004), and between May 2007 and February 2008, presented the weather forecast at the 07:00 newscast. Corzo left Noticias Caracol for five weeks, but returned on March 12, 2008 at the 22:00 newscast. She was to leave because her son asked her to spend more time with him (see Personal life below), but according to one source, the network was flooded with calls from viewers asking for her return.