Paragraph 1: Grey DeLisle returns to voice Breakfast Princess in "Princess Day". Rainn Wilson reprises his role as Rattleballs in "Nemesis", and also voices the new character Peace Master. Billy West voices Goose, Dr. Erik Adamkinson, and the Mayor in "Everything's Jake", and Tress MacNeille appears in the same episode, playing the part of Dr. Erik Adamkinson's father. In "Dentist", Collin Dean reprises his role as Tiffany, Lucy Lawless guest stars as the Queen of the Ants, and Andy Daly plays Lieutenant Gamergate. Daly also reprises his role as the King of Ooo in "Gold Stars" and the first part of the season finale, "Hot Diggity Doom". Brody Stevens voices a character in "The Cooler". "Evergreen" guest stars Pamela Adlon, Alan Tudyk, and Keith David as Gunter, Chatsberry, and Balthus, respectively. "Gold Stars" sees the introduction of Paul Scheer as Toronto, a character who would also appear in "Hot Diggity Doom". "The Mountain" features prolific voice actor Jim Cummings as Matthew. Jackie Buscarino returns as Susan Strong in "Dark Purple". In "The Diary", Dan Mintz voices T.V., Alia Shawkat voices the younger version of Nurse Poundcake, and Clark Duke plays both Justin Rockcandy and Jawbreaker guy. "Walnuts & Rain" sees the introduction of the bear Seven, voiced by Chris Isaak. The episode also features Matt L. Jones, an actor who first appeared in the first season episode "Memories of Boom Boom Mountain" voicing the crying Mountain, lending his voice to King Huge. "Friends Forever" guest stars Tipper Newton as Lamp and Brent Weinbach as Bass Drum. Newton would later reappear in "On the Lam", voicing the alien emperor. Jon Wurster voices the demon Bryce, and Tom Scharpling voices Jermaine in the episode of the same name. "Chips & Ice Cream" guest stars Ron Livingston, Riki Lindhome, and Kate Micucci; the latter two comprise the comedy band Garfunkel and Oates. Lindhome had previously appeared in the season five episode "The Party's Over, Isla de Señorita", playing the Island Lady, and Micucci had previously appeared in the season two episode "Heat Signature", playing Wendy, one of Marceline's ghost friends. Emo Philips reprises his role as Cuber in the episode "Graybles 1000+", and the episode also features musician Janet Klein as Tuber, the sister of Cuber. Kay Lenz voices Gunter's dream manifestation in "Hoots". Lena Dunham returns in "You Forgot Your Floaties", reprising her role as Betty, and Gillian Jacobs appears, voicing the role of M.A.R.G.L.E.S. Matt Gourley and Melissa Villaseñor guest star in "Orgalorg" as alien elders. The catalyst comet in "The Comet" was voiced by Tig Notaro.

Paragraph 2: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 3: University enrollment exclusiveness in favor of the wealthy began to change with rapidly increasing enrollment rates credited by Latin America's population and economic growth. The University Reform Movement (UFM) in Argentina, or Movimiento de la Reforma Universitaria "emerged as a revolution ‘from below’ and ‘from inside’ against the ancien re´gime of a very old type of university". "The widening political gap between the autonomous public universities and democratically elected governments was made more critical by a radicalized student activism in the Cold War climate of the latter half of the 20th century. The most visible confrontations took place in the late 1960s, a time of student mobilization worldwide. These protests were very frequent throughout the period in most countries in Latin America, reinforcing the image of a politically involved student movement, even if it was often fostered by the mobilization of a minority of student activists with representation in university governance and closely linked to national political movements and parties. In many cases, student confrontations with the authorities mixed radical demands for revolutionary change with more limited demands for organizational transformation and more generous funding". Argentina, for example, had an increasingly robust middle class population which demanded access to university education. Argentina's university system quickly expanded with the demand. "Contemporary analysts have estimated that roughly 85 to 90 percent of Latin America's university students come from the middle class". That growth and prosperity of Argentina's middle class along with electoral rights, an increased migration to urban areas, and the universal suffrage law of 1912 empowered students to challenge conservative systems and voice their demands. In December 1917, the University of Córdoba refused to concede to student demands for the university meet a perceived need. Students responded by organizing a mass protest; they refused to attend classes and hosted a demonstration on school grounds. They magnified the power of the student voice by including local politicians, labor groups, and student organizations. The primary goals of the student movement were to "secularize and democratize Córdoba University by expanding student and professor participation in its administration and modernizing the curricula", and to make university education "available and affordable by lifting entrance restrictions and establishing greater flexibility in attendance and examinations to accommodate low and middle-income students with work obligations". Students did not receive a response for nearly a year. "The university reform movement in Argentina influenced university reform campaigns in Uruguay, Chile, and Peru, among others".

Paragraph 4: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 5: Geller began to make his mark in the late 1940s, as he won the USSR Championship semifinal qualifier at Tbilisi 1949 with 11½/16, thus advancing to the final later that year. His finals debut was sensational at URS-ch17 at Moscow; as a virtual unknown he tied for 3rd–4th places with 12½/19, behind only winners David Bronstein and Vasily Smyslov. Geller defeated such established players as Semyon Furman, Isaac Boleslavsky, Alexander Kotov, Salo Flohr, fellow finals debutant Tigran Petrosian, Viacheslav Ragozin, and Grigory Levenfish. Despite this showing, he was obliged to return to the semifinal level the next year, but advanced with a third-place finish in the 1950 qualifier at Kyiv with 9/15. At URS-ch18 at Moscow 1950, Geller made 9/17 for a shared 7th–10th place; the winner was Paul Keres. Also in 1950, Geller won the Ukrainian SSR Championship in Kyiv, the first of his four titles in that event; he repeated from 1957 to 1959, with all three events in Kyiv. Geller in 1950 made his international debut at the Przepiorka Memorial at Iwonicz Zdroj with 11½/19 for seventh place in a powerful field; Keres won again.

Paragraph 6: The Phillies then returned home to begin a series against the Nationals. In game one, Zack Wheeler and Max Scherzer engaged in a pitchers' duel that Scherzer won as the Nats hung on 2–1. Bryce Harper returned to action and Spencer Howard started game two for the Phillies but lasted only  innings. The Phillies' bullpen—Ranger Suarez, Archie Bradley, Sam Coonrod, Jose Alvarado, and Connor Brogdon—combined to throw the final  innings, allowing only one run, as Brogdon recorded his first career save as the Phillies won 5–2. The Phillies won the series rubber match 12–6 in a four-and-a-half hour game that included J. T. Realmuto's 100th career home run, Andrew McCutchen's 1,000th career run scored, Cristopher Sánchez's major league debut, and a 20-minute delay in the eighth inning when the netting behind home plate fell onto the field. The homestand continued with a three-game series against the Atlanta Braves. Prior to the series opening, the Phillies sent Nick Maton back to the minor leagues and called up Luke Williams to make his major league debut. Although Williams notched his first major league hit, Aaron Nola's struggles continued in game one, and the Phillies blew a lead and lost 9–5. Zach Eflin and Ranger Suarez combined to allow one run over nine innings in game two, but the Phillies were held scoreless until the bottom of the ninth when, in his first major league start, Luke Williams hit a two-run walk-off home run to give the Phillies a 2–1 victory. After Zack Wheeler pitched eight shutout innings in the June 10 rubber match, striking out 12 batters, Hector Néris and Jose Alvárado proceeded to give up three runs in the ninth and tenth inning. Shortstop Jean Segura hit a two-run walk-off RBI single in the bottom of the 10th inning to win the game 4–3 and take the series. The Phillies had a day off before welcoming the New York Yankees to town for a two-game series. In the first game, the Phillies jumped out to a 7–2 lead before the Yankees tied it up in the top of the ninth inning, a blown save by Hector Neris. In the tenth inning, however, Jean Segura hit a walk-off single for the second consecutive game—the Phillies' third straight walk-off win—and the Phillies won 8–7. The next day, the Phillies' victory was more emphatic as they completed a two-game sweep of the Yankees behind  shutout innings from Nola, putting the Phillies above .500 for the first time in the month of June.

Paragraph 7: University enrollment exclusiveness in favor of the wealthy began to change with rapidly increasing enrollment rates credited by Latin America's population and economic growth. The University Reform Movement (UFM) in Argentina, or Movimiento de la Reforma Universitaria "emerged as a revolution ‘from below’ and ‘from inside’ against the ancien re´gime of a very old type of university". "The widening political gap between the autonomous public universities and democratically elected governments was made more critical by a radicalized student activism in the Cold War climate of the latter half of the 20th century. The most visible confrontations took place in the late 1960s, a time of student mobilization worldwide. These protests were very frequent throughout the period in most countries in Latin America, reinforcing the image of a politically involved student movement, even if it was often fostered by the mobilization of a minority of student activists with representation in university governance and closely linked to national political movements and parties. In many cases, student confrontations with the authorities mixed radical demands for revolutionary change with more limited demands for organizational transformation and more generous funding". Argentina, for example, had an increasingly robust middle class population which demanded access to university education. Argentina's university system quickly expanded with the demand. "Contemporary analysts have estimated that roughly 85 to 90 percent of Latin America's university students come from the middle class". That growth and prosperity of Argentina's middle class along with electoral rights, an increased migration to urban areas, and the universal suffrage law of 1912 empowered students to challenge conservative systems and voice their demands. In December 1917, the University of Córdoba refused to concede to student demands for the university meet a perceived need. Students responded by organizing a mass protest; they refused to attend classes and hosted a demonstration on school grounds. They magnified the power of the student voice by including local politicians, labor groups, and student organizations. The primary goals of the student movement were to "secularize and democratize Córdoba University by expanding student and professor participation in its administration and modernizing the curricula", and to make university education "available and affordable by lifting entrance restrictions and establishing greater flexibility in attendance and examinations to accommodate low and middle-income students with work obligations". Students did not receive a response for nearly a year. "The university reform movement in Argentina influenced university reform campaigns in Uruguay, Chile, and Peru, among others".

Paragraph 8: Born in the village of Apiranthos, Naxos, Glezos moved to Athens in 1935 together with his family, where he finished high school. During his high school years in Athens, he also worked as a pharmacy employee. He was admitted to the Higher School of Economic and Commercial Studies (known today as the Athens University of Economics and Business) in 1940. In 1939, still a high school student, Glezos participated in the creation of an anti-fascist youth group against the Italian occupation of the Dodecanese and the dictatorship of Ioannis Metaxas. At the onset of World War II, he volunteered to join the Greek army in the Albanian front against Italy but was rejected because he was underage. Instead, he worked as a volunteer for the Hellenic Ministry of Economics. During the Axis occupation of Greece, he worked for the Hellenic Red Cross and the municipality of Athens, while actively involved in the resistance.

Paragraph 9: University enrollment exclusiveness in favor of the wealthy began to change with rapidly increasing enrollment rates credited by Latin America's population and economic growth. The University Reform Movement (UFM) in Argentina, or Movimiento de la Reforma Universitaria "emerged as a revolution ‘from below’ and ‘from inside’ against the ancien re´gime of a very old type of university". "The widening political gap between the autonomous public universities and democratically elected governments was made more critical by a radicalized student activism in the Cold War climate of the latter half of the 20th century. The most visible confrontations took place in the late 1960s, a time of student mobilization worldwide. These protests were very frequent throughout the period in most countries in Latin America, reinforcing the image of a politically involved student movement, even if it was often fostered by the mobilization of a minority of student activists with representation in university governance and closely linked to national political movements and parties. In many cases, student confrontations with the authorities mixed radical demands for revolutionary change with more limited demands for organizational transformation and more generous funding". Argentina, for example, had an increasingly robust middle class population which demanded access to university education. Argentina's university system quickly expanded with the demand. "Contemporary analysts have estimated that roughly 85 to 90 percent of Latin America's university students come from the middle class". That growth and prosperity of Argentina's middle class along with electoral rights, an increased migration to urban areas, and the universal suffrage law of 1912 empowered students to challenge conservative systems and voice their demands. In December 1917, the University of Córdoba refused to concede to student demands for the university meet a perceived need. Students responded by organizing a mass protest; they refused to attend classes and hosted a demonstration on school grounds. They magnified the power of the student voice by including local politicians, labor groups, and student organizations. The primary goals of the student movement were to "secularize and democratize Córdoba University by expanding student and professor participation in its administration and modernizing the curricula", and to make university education "available and affordable by lifting entrance restrictions and establishing greater flexibility in attendance and examinations to accommodate low and middle-income students with work obligations". Students did not receive a response for nearly a year. "The university reform movement in Argentina influenced university reform campaigns in Uruguay, Chile, and Peru, among others".

Paragraph 10: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 11: Ronald is a masculine given name derived from the Old Norse Rögnvaldr, or possibly from Old English Regenweald. In some cases Ronald is an Anglicised form of the Gaelic Raghnall, a name likewise derived from Rögnvaldr. The latter name is composed of the Old Norse elements regin ("advice", "decision") and valdr ("ruler"). Ronald was originally used in England and Scotland, where Scandinavian influences were once substantial, although now the name is common throughout the English-speaking world. A short form of Ronald is Ron. Pet forms of Ronald include Roni and Ronnie. Ronalda and Rhonda are feminine forms of Ronald. Rhona, a modern name apparently only dating back to the late nineteenth century, may have originated as a feminine form of Ronald. The names Renaud/Renault and Reynold/Reinhold are cognates from French and German respectively. The name Ronaldo is a cognate from Spanish and Portuguese.

Paragraph 12: Born in the village of Apiranthos, Naxos, Glezos moved to Athens in 1935 together with his family, where he finished high school. During his high school years in Athens, he also worked as a pharmacy employee. He was admitted to the Higher School of Economic and Commercial Studies (known today as the Athens University of Economics and Business) in 1940. In 1939, still a high school student, Glezos participated in the creation of an anti-fascist youth group against the Italian occupation of the Dodecanese and the dictatorship of Ioannis Metaxas. At the onset of World War II, he volunteered to join the Greek army in the Albanian front against Italy but was rejected because he was underage. Instead, he worked as a volunteer for the Hellenic Ministry of Economics. During the Axis occupation of Greece, he worked for the Hellenic Red Cross and the municipality of Athens, while actively involved in the resistance.

Paragraph 13: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 14: The City Council was headed by the Mayor, Karl Friedrich Giese. His deputy was a member of the (German National People's Party), chemist Rievers, known from the plebiscite period. The board members were Allzat, Brockob, Filzek and Seifert. The City Council had 21 councilors and its chairman was the merchant Falk. Both the Board and the City Council were politically pluralistic. Among the four members of the Municipal Executive there was onesocial democrat (SPD), one member of the People's Party and two conservatives. Among the 21 members of the City Council there was one fascist, thirteen conservatives, four social democrats, one communist, one centre (Zentrum), one democrat and one people's man. There was also one representative of the craft and two members of the economic party. This political pluralism did not prevent the Board and the City Council from making very far-sighted and prospective decisions that were beneficial for the city. Such decisions also include the free transfer of building plots to industrial or manufacturing plants, the transfer of plots of land for the construction of public buildings on very convenient terms, and finally the free transfer of plots of land to the garrison for the development of recreational and tourist infrastructure. At meetings of the City Board and the City Council, decisions were taken by a majority of votes. With a predominance of Conservatives both in the same body and in the other, it might not have been difficult to obtain such a majority. Only that first the mayor had to get the majority for these decisions and the majority, and this task was for the mayor. A lot depended on his authority. The fact that the mayor of Giese joyed such an authority mainly among the town's inhabitants is proved by the fact that in 1922 he was elected for a second, twelve-year term. For the first time Karl Friedrich Giese was elected mayor of Ilawa on 6 June 1910, for the second time in 1922, and it was only the take over of power by the Nazis in 1933 that did not allow him to survive until the end of his term. The term of office of the City Board and City Council lasted six years. We do not know whether the elections to the Board and Council also took place in 1910, that this was the case, can be seen from the mention of the pastor of the Catholic parish in Ilawa, who said that in 1930, by the votes of four Protestants and two Catholics, he was elected to the City Council. This would mean that this year there were elections for a new Board and a new City Council, which in turn means that Giese, during his more than twenty years as mayor in Iława, had to work with four different or almost different teams of people, consisting of the City Board and City Council. Following the mention of Fr. Maier can be assumed that the elections to the City Council took place in 1910, the next ones were in 1916, but probably due to the war they were postponed to 1918, while the next ones took place in 1924 and 1930. When choosing these people, they probably remembered their recent active participation in the plebiscite fight for Germany.

Paragraph 15: Single-sex education, also known as single-gender education and gender-isolated education, is the practice of conducting education with male and female students attending separate classes, perhaps in separate buildings or schools. The practice of single-sex schooling was common before the 20th century, particularly in secondary and higher education. Single-sex education is practiced in many parts of the world based on tradition and religion; recently, there has been a surge of interest and the establishment of single-sex schools due to educational research. Single-sex education is most popular in English-speaking countries (regions) such as Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, South Africa and Australia; also in Chile, Israel, South Korea and in many Muslim majority countries. In the Western world, single-sex education is primarily associated with the private sector, with the public (state) sector being overwhelmingly mixed sex; while in the Muslim world public schools and private schools are sex-segregated. Motivations for single-sex education range from religious ideas of sex segregation to beliefs that the sexes learn and behave differently. As such, they thrive in a single-sex environment. In the 19th century, in Western countries, single-sex girls' finishing schools, and women's colleges offered women a chance of education at a time when they were denied access to mainstream educational institutions. The former was especially common in Switzerland, the latter in the U.S. and the U.K., pioneers in women's education.

Paragraph 16: Single-sex education, also known as single-gender education and gender-isolated education, is the practice of conducting education with male and female students attending separate classes, perhaps in separate buildings or schools. The practice of single-sex schooling was common before the 20th century, particularly in secondary and higher education. Single-sex education is practiced in many parts of the world based on tradition and religion; recently, there has been a surge of interest and the establishment of single-sex schools due to educational research. Single-sex education is most popular in English-speaking countries (regions) such as Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, South Africa and Australia; also in Chile, Israel, South Korea and in many Muslim majority countries. In the Western world, single-sex education is primarily associated with the private sector, with the public (state) sector being overwhelmingly mixed sex; while in the Muslim world public schools and private schools are sex-segregated. Motivations for single-sex education range from religious ideas of sex segregation to beliefs that the sexes learn and behave differently. As such, they thrive in a single-sex environment. In the 19th century, in Western countries, single-sex girls' finishing schools, and women's colleges offered women a chance of education at a time when they were denied access to mainstream educational institutions. The former was especially common in Switzerland, the latter in the U.S. and the U.K., pioneers in women's education.

Paragraph 17: Single-sex education, also known as single-gender education and gender-isolated education, is the practice of conducting education with male and female students attending separate classes, perhaps in separate buildings or schools. The practice of single-sex schooling was common before the 20th century, particularly in secondary and higher education. Single-sex education is practiced in many parts of the world based on tradition and religion; recently, there has been a surge of interest and the establishment of single-sex schools due to educational research. Single-sex education is most popular in English-speaking countries (regions) such as Singapore, Malaysia, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, South Africa and Australia; also in Chile, Israel, South Korea and in many Muslim majority countries. In the Western world, single-sex education is primarily associated with the private sector, with the public (state) sector being overwhelmingly mixed sex; while in the Muslim world public schools and private schools are sex-segregated. Motivations for single-sex education range from religious ideas of sex segregation to beliefs that the sexes learn and behave differently. As such, they thrive in a single-sex environment. In the 19th century, in Western countries, single-sex girls' finishing schools, and women's colleges offered women a chance of education at a time when they were denied access to mainstream educational institutions. The former was especially common in Switzerland, the latter in the U.S. and the U.K., pioneers in women's education.

Paragraph 18: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.