Paragraph 1: In the meanwhile the unscrupulous heroes who were founding the British Government of India had thought proper to quarrel with their new instrument Mir Kasim, whom they had so lately raised to the Masnad of Bengal. This change in their councils had been caused by an insubordinate letter addressed to the Court of Directors by Clive's party, which had led to their dismissal from employ. The opposition then raised to power consisted of all the more corrupt members of the service; and the immediate cause of their rupture with Mir Kasim was about the monopoly they desired to have of the local trade for their own private advantage. They were represented at that Nawab's Court by Mr. Ellis, the most violent of their body; and the consequence of his proceedings was, in no long time, seen in the murder of the Resident and all his followers, in October, 1763. The scene of this atrocity (which remained without a parallel for nearly a century) was at Patna, which was then threatened and soon after stormed by the British; and the actual instrument was a Franco-German, Walter Reinhardt by name, of whom, as we are to hear much more hereafter, it is as well here to take note. This European executioner of Asiatic barbarity is generally believed to have been a native of Treves, in the Duchy of Luxemburg, who came to India as a sailor in the French navy. From this service he is said to have deserted to the British, and joined the first European battalion raised in Bengal. Thence deserting he once more entered the French service; was sent with a party who vainly attempted to relieve Chandarnagar, and was one of the small party who followed Law when that officer took command of those, who refused to share in the surrender of the place to the British. After the capture of his ill-starred chief, Reinhardt (whom we shall in future designate by his Indian sobriquet of "Sumroo," or Sombre) took service under Gregory, or Gurjin Khan, Mir Kasim's Armenian General. Broome, however, adopts a somewhat different version. According to this usually careful and accurate historian, Reinhardt was a Salzburg man who originally came to India in the British service, and deserted to the French at Madras, whence he was sent by Lally to strengthen the garrison of the Bengal settlement. The details are not very material: Sumroo had certainly learned war both in English and French schools. He again deserted from the Newab, served successively the Principal Chiefs of the time, and died in 1776.

Paragraph 2: Although the club had been known for its players' oftentimes outlandish behaviour since the early 1980s, the team became more widely recognised for it following their promotion to the First Division in 1986. Practical jokes and initiations for new players were commonplace; these ranged from players being stripped and forced to walk home naked to belongings being set on fire to players being tied to the roof of a car at the training ground and driven at high speeds along the A3 among a multitude of others, with long-serving midfielder Vinnie Jones saying "you either grew a backbone quickly or dissolved as a man", in reference to the club's boisterous culture. As the now top-flight team received more attention for their antics from the media, they also became subject to criticism from many pundits and fellow players, who accused the team of taking a "simplified, overly aggressive, and intimidating" approach to football in comparison to the other teams in the league. This newfound scrutiny created a close bond and tenacious camaraderie among the players, who adopted an "us vs them" mentality on the field as more and more opposing teams feared the side and their reputation. Players such as Vinnie Jones and John Fashanu were often accused of showing little regard for their opponents and deliberately making dangerous, risky tackles. Both received significant attention after both Gary Stevens and Gary Mabbutt of Tottenham Hotspur were injured in separate incidents following challenges from Jones and Fashanu respectively; Stevens never fully recovered from the injuries suffered as a result of Jones' tackle and retired four years later.

Paragraph 3: Emperor Gaozong died in 683 and was succeeded by his son Li Zhe the Crown Prince (as Emperor Zhongzong), but actual power was in the hands of Empress Wu, as empress dowager and regent.  In 684, when Emperor Zhongzong displayed signs of independence, she deposed him and replaced him with his younger brother Li Dan the Prince of Yu (as Emperor Ruizong), but thereafter wielded power even more securely. Later that year, Li Jingye the Duke of Ying rebelled against Empress Dowager Wu at Yang Prefecture (揚州, roughly modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), claiming as his goal Emperor Zhongzong's restoration, and Empress Dowager Wu sent the general Li Xiaoyi () against Li Jingye. Wei Yuanzhong served as the army auditor.  When Li Xiaoyi reached LInhuai (臨淮, in modern Suzhou, Anhui), his subordinate Lei Renzhi () challenged Li Jingye's forces to a battle but was defeated, and Li Xiaoyi, in fear, defended just his camp and did not dare to battle Li Jingye's forces.  Wei warned him that by failing to advance, he would cause insecurity in the people's minds, and that he himself might be punished for not advancing. Li Xiaoyi thus advanced, and, under Wei's suggestion, first attacked Li Jingye's brother Li Jingyou ().  After defeating Li Jingyou, Li Xiaoyi then engaged Li Jingye, but was initially defeated, but under suggestion from Wei and Liu Zhirou (), counterattacked and set the grassland on fire.  Li Jingye's forces collapsed; he fled and was killed in flight.  For his contributions, Wei was made Sixing Zheng (), a judge at the supreme court (司刑寺, Sixing Si), and then the magistrate of Luoyang County.  In 689, when a number of officials were accused by Empress Dowager Wu's secret police official Zhou Xing of protecting Li Jingye's brother Li Jingzhen () in his flight, a number of them were executed, and several, including Wei, Zhang Chujin (), Guo Zhengyi, and Yuan Wanqing (), were spared of death at the execution field but exiled to the Lingnan region.  It was said that when they were about to be executed, Empress Dowager Wu sent the official Wang Yinke (), on a fast horse, to head to the execution field to yell, "An imperial edict is here sparing them!" When Wang's voice was heard, the other prisoners were happy and jumping in joy, but only Wei remained sitting quietly, stating, "I do not yet know whether this is true or not." Once Wang arrived, he told Wang to rise, but Wei said, "I will wait until the edict is read." Once Wang read the edict, Wei got up and bowed in thanksgiving, without expression of sorrow or joy. This much impressed the witnesses to the event.

Paragraph 4: Urbanus, artist's name of Urbain Joseph Servranckx (Dilbeek, 7 June 1949) is a Belgian comedian, singer, guitarist, author of comic books and actor. Originally he used the artist name: Urbanus van Anus. Anus was the name of his former backing group. In 1973 he began performing cabaret and comedy. He became popular in Flanders and managed to duplicate his success in the Netherlands, building a steady career since. He has appeared in TV shows, some which he wrote himself. Urbanus released several musical singles, some of which entered the hit parade. Urbain went solo in 1974 under the name Urbanus van Anus. After the then BRT (Belgian Radio and Television) asked him for a comic act, he dropped the name "van Anus" and since then it has been simply Urbanus. The first cover of Urbanus live was also drawn by Daniël Geirnaert. His Christmas song Bakske Vol Met Stro (1979) was controversial for lampooning the biblical story of the birth of Jesus, but also became his signature song and best-selling record for the very same reasons. Urbanus considers himself an atheist, although he wed in the Roman Catholic Church and had his children baptized. In 2008, he was awarded the Prize for Liberty by the Flemish think tank Nova Civitas.

Paragraph 5: Montebello was slated to depart from Port San Luis some time before midnight on 21 December 1941. However, due to crew demanding increased war risk insurance payments, the departure was delayed until a replacement crew could be brought in from Los Angeles. The replacements arrived in the late evening of December 22, at which point it was learned that the ship's acting master suddenly became ill and had to be replaced too. After finding and signing on a new master, correcting paperwork and making final preparations Montebello finally sailed out from Port San Luis around 02:00 on December 23. The tanker was under command of captain Olof Walfrid Eckstrom, had a crew of thirty-eight and carried a cargo of 75,346 barrels of crude oil bound for Vancouver. The weather was overcast with drizzle but good visibility. At approximately 05:30 while about four miles west off Cambria, the captain noticed what appeared to be a submarine on the vessel's starboard side about half a mile distant. The submarine, later determined to be I-21, could be clearly seen in the darkness, and her conning tower and a deck gun were easily discernible. The captain immediately ordered the ship full speed ahead and to assume a zigzag course and informed the Navy about submarine sighting. Approximately ten minutes later I-21 fired two torpedoes at the tanker. One torpedo proved to be a dud, but the second one struck Montebello around #2 hold. Fortunately for the crew the hold where the torpedo struck was dry and did not contain any oil; however, the resulting explosion blew away the deck house and the radio room and knocked down the forward mast. An order to abandon ship was given and four lifeboats were launched. Seeing that the ship did not sink, the submarine proceeded to fire eight or nine shots at the hull of the stricken tanker. One shot hit the bow and blew it away speeding the tanker's sinking. At about 06:30 the ship started sinking rapidly and by 06:45 went completely under. The lifeboats were shot at by what appeared to be rifle fire from the submarine without injuring anyone. Three of the lifeboats containing thirty-three survivors were picked up by dispatched tug boats and landed in Cayucos. One lifeboat with the master in it reached the shore near San Simeon where it was wrecked. Everyone was saved by the watchers on the shore.

Paragraph 6: Paintsil's family reportedly received repeated death threats in Ghana. His younger brother Mark fled to Israel on a tourist visa. His visa expired and he was jailed whilst applying for political asylum pending immigration status decisions. According to Mark, the rest of the family is in Britain and cannot go back to Ghana. He was quoted as saying "I cannot return to Ghana because I truly fear for my life. My sister, after returning to Ghana, joined my brother and parents in London immediately, and now I am in prison and there is nothing I can do." John is also famous for his lap of honor at home matches, he sometimes only wears one sleeve on his left arm in the winter, leaving his right arm bare by simply cutting off the other sleeve. During an interview with The West Ham Way, Paintsil revealed that a dream where he played particularly well with one long and one short sleeve led to him adopting this unusual habit.

Paragraph 7: The Esperanto sound inventory and phonotactics are very close to those of Yiddish, Belarusian and Polish, which were personally important to Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto. The primary difference is the absence of palatalization, although this was present in Proto-Esperanto (, now  'nations'; , now  'family') and arguably survives marginally in the affectionate suffixes  and , and in the interjection   Apart from this, the consonant inventory is identical to that of Eastern Yiddish. Minor differences from Belarusian are that g is pronounced as a stop, , rather than as a fricative,  (in Belarusian, the stop pronunciation is found in recent loan words), and that Esperanto distinguishes  and , a distinction that Yiddish makes but that Belarusian (and Polish) do not. As in Belarusian, Esperanto  is found in syllable onsets and  in syllable codas; however, unlike Belarusian,  does not become  if forced into coda position through compounding. According to Kalocsay & Waringhien, if Esperanto  does appear before a voiceless consonant, it will devoice to , as in Yiddish. However, Zamenhof avoided such situations by adding an epenthetic vowel:  ('washbasin'), not  or . The Esperanto vowel inventory is essentially that of Belarusian. Zamenhof's Litvish dialect of Yiddish (that of Białystok) has an additional schwa and diphthong oŭ but no uj.

Paragraph 8: The 1976–77 team featured JC arrivals Michael Cooper, Marvin Johnson, and Willie Howard, the nucleus for a successful and exciting two-year run. Cooper is among the best overall players ever produced by the Lobo program and was named an All-American in 1978. He averaged 16 points and five rebounds a game as a Lobo, also leading the team in assists and steals. "Coop" later became a mainstay of the "Showtime" Los Angeles Lakers of the 1980s, winning five NBA championships over a 12-year career. His defensive prowess made him an eight-time recipient of NBA All-Defensive Team honors, as well as the Defensive Player of the Year Award in 1987. By contrast, Marvin "Automatic" Johnson was one of the greatest scorers in Lobo history. He became the fourth leading scorer in school history at the time in just two seasons, set single season records for total points, season points per game (24.0), career points per game (21.9), and he scored a still-school record 50 points in a single game.Johnson had established the school record at 46 points earlier in the season before his 50-point performance, which broke the WAC conference single-game record and earned him the Sports Illustrated Player of the Week honor. Media Guide 2013–14, p.81. Willie Howard was a talented inside player averaging 13 points and six rebounds a game, frequently providing explosive scoring off the bench.Rick Wright, ’78 loss as painful as it gets for Lobos, Albuquerque Journal, Mar. 24, 2013. Further JC transfers Jimmy Allen and Will Smiley completed a strong Lobo front line. The injection of talent made the Lobos exciting and competitive, but they took time to gel as a team, beginning the season 6–4 with a couple of disappointing losses. They beat Iowa and USC on the way to another showdown with #9 UNLV, losing a high-scoring game, then losing to #10 Arizona. The Lobos remained in the WAC race late in the season, but road struggles relegated them to third place and a 19–11 final record.

Paragraph 9: After its March 2008 premiere in the United States, Stephen Holden called the film an "amusing ball of fluff that refuses to judge its characters’ amoral high jinks";  he calls it a "shrewdly cast" film "winking at the vanity of wealthy voluptuaries and hustlers playing games of tainted love."  According to Holden, the film is "too frivolous even to be called satire."  According to Mick LaSalle, what makes the film "fun" is "the harshness wrapped in a pretty package. The movie stars Audrey Tautou and Gad Elmaleh, who are about the only French stars that it's almost impossible to imagine having an active sex life. Their aura of innocence helps. Still, in America, no director could ever make this movie, even with the most innocent-seeming actors on the planet. This is way European, folks, not meant for our eyes, and, of course, that's the whole kick." LaSalle notes the following: "Priceless is an entertaining sex farce that takes its characters to some of best hotels and most exclusive restaurants in France, and to watch it is to marvel at how some people live - and how you don't. But here's the interesting thing: Through this seduction, Priceless turns the viewer into a harlot, too, who can suddenly understand why Irene would do anything and sleep with anybody just to stay in this lifestyle. Likewise, we understand—instinctively, without thinking about it or judging it—why Jean might start sleeping with an older rich woman, just so he can stay in the hotels where Irene stays. Would you want to be the person who orders the drinks or fetches the drinks? How easy would it be to go back to normal life after confirming what you never really wanted to know, that the rich really do have it better, as in a lot better, as in money really does buy happiness?  So Priceless is silly, but it's not so silly. It's pretty to look at, often very funny, but it corrupts its audience as it corrupts its characters."     In a one-star review () upon the film's June 2008 release in the United Kingdom, Peter Bradshaw call the film a "gruesomely unfunny and tacky comedy-farce" and notes "the whole movie slavers over bling, and has a nasty, dated air of pseudo-worldliness and ersatz sophistication. With its luxury-tourist locations, it is basically vulgar, and not in a good way, and reminded me of the opening title sequence to the 70s TV show The Persuaders!, but without that programme's charm."

Paragraph 10: Urbanus, artist's name of Urbain Joseph Servranckx (Dilbeek, 7 June 1949) is a Belgian comedian, singer, guitarist, author of comic books and actor. Originally he used the artist name: Urbanus van Anus. Anus was the name of his former backing group. In 1973 he began performing cabaret and comedy. He became popular in Flanders and managed to duplicate his success in the Netherlands, building a steady career since. He has appeared in TV shows, some which he wrote himself. Urbanus released several musical singles, some of which entered the hit parade. Urbain went solo in 1974 under the name Urbanus van Anus. After the then BRT (Belgian Radio and Television) asked him for a comic act, he dropped the name "van Anus" and since then it has been simply Urbanus. The first cover of Urbanus live was also drawn by Daniël Geirnaert. His Christmas song Bakske Vol Met Stro (1979) was controversial for lampooning the biblical story of the birth of Jesus, but also became his signature song and best-selling record for the very same reasons. Urbanus considers himself an atheist, although he wed in the Roman Catholic Church and had his children baptized. In 2008, he was awarded the Prize for Liberty by the Flemish think tank Nova Civitas.

Paragraph 11: The route laid out by the master plan was as follows. The service would commence at Perth station, running alongside the Armadale line until Kenwick, where it would enter a tunnel and pass under the Armadale line, Albany Highway, Roe Highway and the Kwinana freight railway. It would emerge from the tunnel and run south west, parallel to the freight railway. Along this section, the stations planned were at Thornlie (now Thornlie station), Nicholson Road (now Nicholson Road station), and Ranford Road (then named Canning Vale station; now Ranford Road station). There was also provision for a station at Jandakot Airport near Karel Avenue for the future. After travelling along the freight railway, the line would enter a tunnel and emerge within the median strip of the Kwinana Freeway. Having the line run along the side of the freeway was considered, as the freeway median was initially viewed as being too narrow. This option would have resulted in greater station accessibility but take the line close to current and planned residential areas. The line would have run along the eastern side of the freeway before crossing to the western side north of Berrigan Drive. This option was not chosen, limiting the adverse environmental impact of the freeway and railway to a narrower strip. The stations along the freeway section of the line were to be at Berrigan Drive (named South Lake station) and Beeliar Drive (then named Thomsons Lake station; now Cockburn Central station), with provisions for future stations at Gibbs Road/Russell Road (then named Success station; now Aubin Grove station), Rowley Road (named Mandogalup station), and Anketell Road (named Anketell). At Thomas Road, the railway would exit the freeway via a tunnel and travel south west through Kwinana. In Kwinana, the stations planned were at Thomas Road (now Kwinana station) and at Leda (now Wellard station), with a future station at Challenger Avenue (named South Parmelia station).

Paragraph 12: On account of what was regarded as his powerful defence of morality and religion, Hawkesworth was rewarded by the Archbishop of Canterbury with the degree of LL.D, In 1754–1755 he published an edition (12 vols) of Swift's works, with a life prefixed which Johnson praised in his Lives of the Poets. A larger edition (27 vols) appeared in 1766–1779. He adapted Dryden's Amphitryon for the Drury Lane stage in 1756, and Southerne's Oronooko in 1759. He wrote the libretto of an oratorio Zimri in 1760, and the next year Edgar and Emmeline: a Fairy Tale was produced at Drury Lane. His Almoran and Hamet (1761) was first drafted as a play , and a tragedy based on it by S J Pratt, The Fair Circassian (1781), met with some success.

Paragraph 13: On account of what was regarded as his powerful defence of morality and religion, Hawkesworth was rewarded by the Archbishop of Canterbury with the degree of LL.D, In 1754–1755 he published an edition (12 vols) of Swift's works, with a life prefixed which Johnson praised in his Lives of the Poets. A larger edition (27 vols) appeared in 1766–1779. He adapted Dryden's Amphitryon for the Drury Lane stage in 1756, and Southerne's Oronooko in 1759. He wrote the libretto of an oratorio Zimri in 1760, and the next year Edgar and Emmeline: a Fairy Tale was produced at Drury Lane. His Almoran and Hamet (1761) was first drafted as a play , and a tragedy based on it by S J Pratt, The Fair Circassian (1781), met with some success.

Paragraph 14: The agency's uniform shoulder patch depicts two Maryland Militiamen, who also happened to be  Baltimore County Deputy Sheriffs, who were killed, during the British land and sea attack at the Battle of North Point on September 12, 1814, in the War of 1812 (later celebrated as a state, county, and city holiday as "Defenders' Day" - simultaneous with the bombardment of Fort McHenry from the Patapsco River on September 13-14th, and the inspiration for the writing of the National Anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner" by Francis Scott Key, 1779-1843). Daniel Wells and Henry McComas have historically been given credit for shooting and killing the commanding British General Robert Ross and were later both killed in the following skirmish and battle. A memorial known as the "Wells-McComas Monument" to the two fallen Militia Soldiers/Deputies is located on North Gay Street by the intersecting Aisquith and Orleans Streets in "Ashland Square" in East Baltimore City, where they were buried beneath after being exhumed in the 1870s from their original grave site and moved with great ceremony and publicity to Ashland Square.  A smaller memorial where the two Deputies/Militiamen and nearby General Ross were killed is located on Old Battle Grove Road in Dundalk near "Battle Acre", the small, one-acre park donated to the State on the 25th Anniversary of Defenders' Day, in 1839 marking the center of the North Point Battlefield off Old North Point Road, its later parallel by-pass - North Point Boulevard at the intersection with German Hill Road, from September 12, 1814. Here to celebrate the extensive week-long "Star-Spangled Banner Centennial Anniversary" in 1914, the historic site was surrounded by an decorative cast-iron fence and a large stone base with a bronze cannon surmounting it and with a historical bronze plaque mounted on the side. Large stone-base signs with historical markers visible to passing traffic noting the "Battle of North Point" and "War of 1812" sites were also erected north and south of the historic battlefield area in the median strip of the 1977-era Baltimore Beltway, (Interstate 695) by the Maryland Department of Transportation's State Highway Administration that were placed through the efforts finally in 2004 of various local historical preservation-minded citizens and the Dundalk-Patapsco Neck Historical Society. An attempt to at least mark the general area of the historic battlefield site despite the high-speed highway routed through its fields along with the surrounding intensive post-World War II commercial and residential development unthinkingly constructed around the narrow peninsula field between Bread and Cheese Creek off Back River to the north and Bear Creek leading to the Patapsco to the south.

Paragraph 15: Australian driver Colin Bond, winner of the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship and 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500, had been racing the GTV6 since 1984. Remaining loyal to Alfa Romeo, he ran a Caltex sponsored Alfa 75 in the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship, replacing the GTV6. Bond's new 75 was built by the Italian Luigi team, but Bond found that the engine produced about  rather than the promised . This saw him finish in a distant 9th place in the championship while the team's engine builder, Melbourne based Alfa expert tuner Joe Beninca, tried to reclaim the lost . This was finally achieved by converting the car to right hand drive, allowing for an exhaust system that did not wind around the steering rack. Bond also drove the end of season endurance races including the Bathurst race of the WTCC. After Bond qualified in 21st, co-driver Lucio Cesario destroyed the front of the 75 in a crash at the top of the mountain on lap 34 of the race, forcing the car's withdrawal from the Calder Park and Wellington races of the WTCC. The car was repaired in time for the Australian Grand Prix support races in Adelaide where Bond qualified for a second place start and finished 5th in the car's "down under" swansong. Bond was the only driver to embrace the 75 in Australia but switched to race the all-conquering Ford Sierra RS500 starting in 1988 in a bid to return to the winners circle.

Paragraph 16: Australian driver Colin Bond, winner of the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship and 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500, had been racing the GTV6 since 1984. Remaining loyal to Alfa Romeo, he ran a Caltex sponsored Alfa 75 in the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship, replacing the GTV6. Bond's new 75 was built by the Italian Luigi team, but Bond found that the engine produced about  rather than the promised . This saw him finish in a distant 9th place in the championship while the team's engine builder, Melbourne based Alfa expert tuner Joe Beninca, tried to reclaim the lost . This was finally achieved by converting the car to right hand drive, allowing for an exhaust system that did not wind around the steering rack. Bond also drove the end of season endurance races including the Bathurst race of the WTCC. After Bond qualified in 21st, co-driver Lucio Cesario destroyed the front of the 75 in a crash at the top of the mountain on lap 34 of the race, forcing the car's withdrawal from the Calder Park and Wellington races of the WTCC. The car was repaired in time for the Australian Grand Prix support races in Adelaide where Bond qualified for a second place start and finished 5th in the car's "down under" swansong. Bond was the only driver to embrace the 75 in Australia but switched to race the all-conquering Ford Sierra RS500 starting in 1988 in a bid to return to the winners circle.

Paragraph 17: By March 31, 2020, the "federal government had already bought Trans Mountain" and was "committed to getting it built" and Enbridge's Line 3 was making progress. In what Kenney described as a "bold move to retake control of our province's economic destiny", the province agreed to help finance the construction of TC Energy's Keystone XL oil sands pipeline in southern Alberta, Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska with "agreements for the transport of 575,000 barrels of oil daily". The New York Times reported that "[d]espite plunging oil prices" in March", Kenney said the "province's resource-dependent economy could not afford for Keystone XL to be delayed until after the coronavirus pandemic and a global economic downturn have passed." Alberta "has agreed to invest approximately $1.1 billion US as equity in the project, which substantially covers planned construction costs through the end of 2020. The remaining $6.9 billion US is expected to be funded through a combination of a $4.2-billion project-level credit facility to be fully guaranteed by the Alberta government and a $2.7-billion investment by TC Energy." Kenney has said that the Keystone XL will create "1,400 direct and 5,400 indirect jobs in Alberta during construction and will reap an estimated $30 billion in tax and royalty revenues for both Alberta and Canada over the next twenty years. TC Energy "expects to buy back the Alberta government's investment and refinance the $4.2 billion loan" when the 1,200-mile (1,930-kilometer) pipeline is operational starting in 2023. Keystone XL will add up to 830,000 bpd from Western Canada to Steele City, Nebraska. From there it connects to "other pipelines that feed oil refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast." According to the Canadian Energy Regulator, in 2018, Alberta produced 3.91 million bpd of crude oil, which represents 82% of the total production in Canada. According to a March 31, 2020 article in The New York Times, because of Kenney, Russ Girling, TC Energy CEO, announced that construction of its $8-billion US Keystone XL oil sands pipeline's Canada-United States border crossing, in rural northeast Montana, would begin in April in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic. Concerns were raised by the office of the Montana's Governor, Steve Bullock about the added strain on "rural health resources during the coronavirus pandemic", with the arrival of a hundred or more pipeline construction workers in rural Montana. At the time of the announcement northeastern Montana had only one confirmed COVID-19 case. In a May 20 interview on the Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors (CAODC) podcast, Minister Savage told the podcast host, John Bavil, that Green party leader, Elizabeth May's May 6 comment that "oil is dead" was not "gaining resonance with ordinary Canadians" because Canadians need oil. "Canadians are just trying to get by." Savage added that Canadians were "not going to have tolerance and patience for protests that get in the way of people working", and that the "economic turmoil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic favours pipeline construction", according to Canadian Press journalist, Bob Weber. Savage told Bavil that "Now is a great time to be building a pipeline because you can't have protests of more than 15 people...Let's get it built." The comment received wide media coverage. On June 9, 2021, TC Energy announced the termination of the US$9 billion Keystone XL pipeline project. U.S. President Joe Biden had "revoked a key permit" that was crucial to the pipeline.

Paragraph 18: Montebello was slated to depart from Port San Luis some time before midnight on 21 December 1941. However, due to crew demanding increased war risk insurance payments, the departure was delayed until a replacement crew could be brought in from Los Angeles. The replacements arrived in the late evening of December 22, at which point it was learned that the ship's acting master suddenly became ill and had to be replaced too. After finding and signing on a new master, correcting paperwork and making final preparations Montebello finally sailed out from Port San Luis around 02:00 on December 23. The tanker was under command of captain Olof Walfrid Eckstrom, had a crew of thirty-eight and carried a cargo of 75,346 barrels of crude oil bound for Vancouver. The weather was overcast with drizzle but good visibility. At approximately 05:30 while about four miles west off Cambria, the captain noticed what appeared to be a submarine on the vessel's starboard side about half a mile distant. The submarine, later determined to be I-21, could be clearly seen in the darkness, and her conning tower and a deck gun were easily discernible. The captain immediately ordered the ship full speed ahead and to assume a zigzag course and informed the Navy about submarine sighting. Approximately ten minutes later I-21 fired two torpedoes at the tanker. One torpedo proved to be a dud, but the second one struck Montebello around #2 hold. Fortunately for the crew the hold where the torpedo struck was dry and did not contain any oil; however, the resulting explosion blew away the deck house and the radio room and knocked down the forward mast. An order to abandon ship was given and four lifeboats were launched. Seeing that the ship did not sink, the submarine proceeded to fire eight or nine shots at the hull of the stricken tanker. One shot hit the bow and blew it away speeding the tanker's sinking. At about 06:30 the ship started sinking rapidly and by 06:45 went completely under. The lifeboats were shot at by what appeared to be rifle fire from the submarine without injuring anyone. Three of the lifeboats containing thirty-three survivors were picked up by dispatched tug boats and landed in Cayucos. One lifeboat with the master in it reached the shore near San Simeon where it was wrecked. Everyone was saved by the watchers on the shore.

Paragraph 19: On his mother's side he is grandson of writer, settlement historian, professor Lajos Lévai (1894, Kolozsvár – 1974) from Odorheiu Secuiesc. Her mother is educationalist Enikő Zsuzsanna Lévai. His father, reformed minister Ferenc Bréda (1924–2000) was dean of Hunedoara-Alba County between 19691988. He graduated elementary school in Odorheiu Secuiesc and Deva. The multicultural atmosphere of his native town follows him during his childhood and primary school years. His first writings appeared in Ifjúmunkás, a youth periodical published in Bucharest. He spent his military service in Northern Dobruja near the Black Sea (19741975). From 1975 he studied at the Hungarian-French faculty of the Cluj-Napoca University. He also attended Greek and Latin optional courses at the classical philology faculty in Cluj. He was one of the regular dwellers of the Library of Academy during his student years. It was this period he intensely studied the important authors of scholastic and medieval philosophy (Anselm of Canterbury, Saint Thomas Aquinas, Albertus Magnus, William of Ockham, Pierre Abelard, Duns Scotus). During summer holidays he worked as construction day-labourer, mason stringy at church reconstructions (Haró, Marosillye, Hunedoara County) and ringer. Between 19771979 he worked as editor of the Hungarian pages of Echinox cultural university periodical in Cluj, together with András Mihály Beke and Zoltán Bretter. He graduated at the philology faculty of Babeş-Bolyai University in Cluj, receiving qualification in Hungarian-French language and literature. Between 1979 and 1984 he worked as first editor of the Hungarian pages of Napoca Universitară cultural periodical. Between 1979 and 1984 he also worked as teacher of Hungarian literature and grammar at the Huedin Primary School. Between 19841991 he worked as professor of French language and literature in secondary schools, lyceums and high schools in France, first in Anjou and Vendée (Angers, Cholet), then in settlements near Paris (Faremoutiers, Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, Coulommiers, Pontault-Combault). In 1985 he received the degree of Magister at the Nantes University, in the field of French and comparative history of literature. Between 19851991 he was doctorandus of French history of literature at the Angers University, being disciple of literary historian George Cesbron. In the circle of Présence de Gabriel Marcel literary-philosophical fellowship he made acquaintance with Paul Ricœur, Cardinal Jean-Marie Lustiger, Archbishop of Paris, writer Claude Aveline, Georges Lubin, publisher of George Sand's correspondences, as well as philosopher André Comte-Sponville and other important personalities of French culture. He corresponded with sociologist Pierre Bourdieu and Samuel Beckett. Between 1984 and 1986 he lived in Angers and Cholet, then in Paris between 19861991. Between 19911992 he worked as editor at Jelenlét cultural periodical in Cluj. In 1991 he was founding member of György Bretter Literary Circle, a society with great literary traditions that had ceased to exist in 1983 and being revived after the 1989 revolution in Romania. Between 19921993 he worked as editor at the Cluj branch of Bucharest-based Kriterion Publishing House. From 1993 he is founding board member of György Bretter Literary Circle. Between 19911994 he taught French language and literature at Brassai Sámuel Lyceum in Cluj. In 1999 he received doctorate in theory of literature with his paper on the literary and drama critical work of French existentialist philosopher Gabriel Marcel, at the Philology Faculty of Babeş-Bolyai University in Cluj. From 1995 he works as assistant professor at the Theatre and Television Faculty of Babeş-Bolyai University, teaching universal theatre history of Antiquity, basic notions of dramaturgy, theatre aesthetics, Hungarian literature and rhetorics. He discovered the literary oeuvre of Alfréd Reinhold (Alfred Reynolds) (1907, Budapest – 1993, London). He translates from French and Romanian languages.

Paragraph 20: The 1976–77 team featured JC arrivals Michael Cooper, Marvin Johnson, and Willie Howard, the nucleus for a successful and exciting two-year run. Cooper is among the best overall players ever produced by the Lobo program and was named an All-American in 1978. He averaged 16 points and five rebounds a game as a Lobo, also leading the team in assists and steals. "Coop" later became a mainstay of the "Showtime" Los Angeles Lakers of the 1980s, winning five NBA championships over a 12-year career. His defensive prowess made him an eight-time recipient of NBA All-Defensive Team honors, as well as the Defensive Player of the Year Award in 1987. By contrast, Marvin "Automatic" Johnson was one of the greatest scorers in Lobo history. He became the fourth leading scorer in school history at the time in just two seasons, set single season records for total points, season points per game (24.0), career points per game (21.9), and he scored a still-school record 50 points in a single game.Johnson had established the school record at 46 points earlier in the season before his 50-point performance, which broke the WAC conference single-game record and earned him the Sports Illustrated Player of the Week honor. Media Guide 2013–14, p.81. Willie Howard was a talented inside player averaging 13 points and six rebounds a game, frequently providing explosive scoring off the bench.Rick Wright, ’78 loss as painful as it gets for Lobos, Albuquerque Journal, Mar. 24, 2013. Further JC transfers Jimmy Allen and Will Smiley completed a strong Lobo front line. The injection of talent made the Lobos exciting and competitive, but they took time to gel as a team, beginning the season 6–4 with a couple of disappointing losses. They beat Iowa and USC on the way to another showdown with #9 UNLV, losing a high-scoring game, then losing to #10 Arizona. The Lobos remained in the WAC race late in the season, but road struggles relegated them to third place and a 19–11 final record.

Paragraph 21: The 1976–77 team featured JC arrivals Michael Cooper, Marvin Johnson, and Willie Howard, the nucleus for a successful and exciting two-year run. Cooper is among the best overall players ever produced by the Lobo program and was named an All-American in 1978. He averaged 16 points and five rebounds a game as a Lobo, also leading the team in assists and steals. "Coop" later became a mainstay of the "Showtime" Los Angeles Lakers of the 1980s, winning five NBA championships over a 12-year career. His defensive prowess made him an eight-time recipient of NBA All-Defensive Team honors, as well as the Defensive Player of the Year Award in 1987. By contrast, Marvin "Automatic" Johnson was one of the greatest scorers in Lobo history. He became the fourth leading scorer in school history at the time in just two seasons, set single season records for total points, season points per game (24.0), career points per game (21.9), and he scored a still-school record 50 points in a single game.Johnson had established the school record at 46 points earlier in the season before his 50-point performance, which broke the WAC conference single-game record and earned him the Sports Illustrated Player of the Week honor. Media Guide 2013–14, p.81. Willie Howard was a talented inside player averaging 13 points and six rebounds a game, frequently providing explosive scoring off the bench.Rick Wright, ’78 loss as painful as it gets for Lobos, Albuquerque Journal, Mar. 24, 2013. Further JC transfers Jimmy Allen and Will Smiley completed a strong Lobo front line. The injection of talent made the Lobos exciting and competitive, but they took time to gel as a team, beginning the season 6–4 with a couple of disappointing losses. They beat Iowa and USC on the way to another showdown with #9 UNLV, losing a high-scoring game, then losing to #10 Arizona. The Lobos remained in the WAC race late in the season, but road struggles relegated them to third place and a 19–11 final record.

Paragraph 22:  최형국, and Hyeong Guk Choi. 2015. "18세기 활쏘기(國弓) 수련방식과 그 실제 -『림원경제지(林園經濟志)』『유예지(遊藝志)』射訣을 중심으로". 탐라문화. 50 권 권: 234. Abstract: 본 연구는 『林園經濟志』 「遊藝志」에 수록된 射訣을 실제 수련을 바탕으로 한몸 문화의 관점에서 분석하여 18세기 활쏘기 수련방식과 그 무예사적 의미를 살펴보았다. 또한 『射法秘傳攻瑕』와 『조선의 궁술』 중 射法要訣에 해당하는 부분을 서로 비교하여 전통 활쏘기의 보편적 특성을 살펴보았다. 『임원경제지』의 저자인 서유구는 대표적인 京華世族으로 家學으로 전해진 농업에 대한 관심을 통해 향촌생활에 필요한 여러 가지 일들을 어릴 적부터 접할 수 있었다. 또한 관직에 오른 후에는 순창군수를 비롯한 향촌사회의 일을 직접 살필 수 있는 관력이 있었는가 하면, 閣臣으로 있을 때에는 수많은 서적들을 규장각이라는 거대한 지식집합소를 관리했기에 백과사전적 공부를 진행할 수 있었다. 그리고 『鄕禮合編』 등 다양한 서적들의 편찬을 담당하면서 의례를 비롯한 전통지식을 물론이고, 청나라에서 수입한 새로운 實學書들을 정리하는 과정에서 지식의 체계적인 관리와 정보의 중요성을 인식하여 『임원경제지』를 저술하게 되었다. 『임원경제지』 중 사결에는 당대 활쏘기의 수련방식과 활과 화살을 제조하는 것에 이르기까지 활쏘기와 관련한 다양한 정보를 수록하고 있다. 특히 서유구 자신이 활쏘기를 젊을 때부터 익혔고, 활쏘기 역시 家學으로 여겨질 만큼 집안의 거의 모든 사내들이 익혔기에 보다 실용적인 부분을 중심으로 체계화시킬 수 있었다. 이러한 사결의 내용 중 실제 활쏘기 수련시 나타나는 다양한 몸문화적인 측면을 요즘의 활쏘기와 비교 분석하며 정리하였다. 이를 통해 『임원경제지』의 사결에 실린 활쏘기의 모습이 당대의 몸문화를 가장 잘 반영하고 있음을 확인할 수 있었다. In this research, we observed archery training methods in the 18th century and its military artistic meaning from somatic cultural perspective by reviewing Sagyul(射訣, instructional description on archery collected in 『ImwonGyeongjeji』(林圓經濟志, encyclopedia written by Seo Yu-gu) Yuyeji (遊藝志, arts and crafts of gentry class). In addition, this study recognized universal characteristics of Korean traditional archery by examining related contents including Sabupbijeon-gongha(『射法秘傳功瑕』, book on archery published by Pyongyang-Gamyeong in late Joseon dynasty) and Sabup-yo-gyul(射法要訣, condensed archery manual) collected in 『Archery of Joseon』, which is an instructional book on archery written in 20th century. Seo Yu-gu, the writer of 『ImwonGyeongjeji』, was a representative Kyung Hwa Sa Gok(京華士族, privilege rank that monopolized an honor and an official post in the 18th in Korean governing class). Affected by agricultural academic tradition of his family, he was able to experience variety of things necessary to rural environment. Furthermore, after filling the office, he had an authority to take care rural society directly including Sunchang District Governor. When he worked in Gyujanggak (奎章閣, royal library built in late Joseon dynasty), he even arranged encyclopedic research as he managed all the databases collected in the library. In the process of handling various book publication including ritual book such as 『Hyangryehap-pyun』(鄕禮合編, integrated book on rural ritual) and arranging new practical science books imported from Qing dynasty, he felt necessity of systematic management of knowledge and information and its outcome was 『ImwonGyeongjeji』. In Sagyul, there are different kinds of information on archery from training types to manufacturing methods of bow and arrows. Especially, he organized it by putting more stress on practicality as Seo Yu-gu himself trained archery since childhood and almost every men in his family mastered it in their life. According to this, various somatic cultural aspects that appeared in Sagyul were examined by comparing current archery.

Paragraph 23: After its March 2008 premiere in the United States, Stephen Holden called the film an "amusing ball of fluff that refuses to judge its characters’ amoral high jinks";  he calls it a "shrewdly cast" film "winking at the vanity of wealthy voluptuaries and hustlers playing games of tainted love."  According to Holden, the film is "too frivolous even to be called satire."  According to Mick LaSalle, what makes the film "fun" is "the harshness wrapped in a pretty package. The movie stars Audrey Tautou and Gad Elmaleh, who are about the only French stars that it's almost impossible to imagine having an active sex life. Their aura of innocence helps. Still, in America, no director could ever make this movie, even with the most innocent-seeming actors on the planet. This is way European, folks, not meant for our eyes, and, of course, that's the whole kick." LaSalle notes the following: "Priceless is an entertaining sex farce that takes its characters to some of best hotels and most exclusive restaurants in France, and to watch it is to marvel at how some people live - and how you don't. But here's the interesting thing: Through this seduction, Priceless turns the viewer into a harlot, too, who can suddenly understand why Irene would do anything and sleep with anybody just to stay in this lifestyle. Likewise, we understand—instinctively, without thinking about it or judging it—why Jean might start sleeping with an older rich woman, just so he can stay in the hotels where Irene stays. Would you want to be the person who orders the drinks or fetches the drinks? How easy would it be to go back to normal life after confirming what you never really wanted to know, that the rich really do have it better, as in a lot better, as in money really does buy happiness?  So Priceless is silly, but it's not so silly. It's pretty to look at, often very funny, but it corrupts its audience as it corrupts its characters."     In a one-star review () upon the film's June 2008 release in the United Kingdom, Peter Bradshaw call the film a "gruesomely unfunny and tacky comedy-farce" and notes "the whole movie slavers over bling, and has a nasty, dated air of pseudo-worldliness and ersatz sophistication. With its luxury-tourist locations, it is basically vulgar, and not in a good way, and reminded me of the opening title sequence to the 70s TV show The Persuaders!, but without that programme's charm."

Paragraph 24: Australian driver Colin Bond, winner of the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship and 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500, had been racing the GTV6 since 1984. Remaining loyal to Alfa Romeo, he ran a Caltex sponsored Alfa 75 in the 1987 Australian Touring Car Championship, replacing the GTV6. Bond's new 75 was built by the Italian Luigi team, but Bond found that the engine produced about  rather than the promised . This saw him finish in a distant 9th place in the championship while the team's engine builder, Melbourne based Alfa expert tuner Joe Beninca, tried to reclaim the lost . This was finally achieved by converting the car to right hand drive, allowing for an exhaust system that did not wind around the steering rack. Bond also drove the end of season endurance races including the Bathurst race of the WTCC. After Bond qualified in 21st, co-driver Lucio Cesario destroyed the front of the 75 in a crash at the top of the mountain on lap 34 of the race, forcing the car's withdrawal from the Calder Park and Wellington races of the WTCC. The car was repaired in time for the Australian Grand Prix support races in Adelaide where Bond qualified for a second place start and finished 5th in the car's "down under" swansong. Bond was the only driver to embrace the 75 in Australia but switched to race the all-conquering Ford Sierra RS500 starting in 1988 in a bid to return to the winners circle.

Paragraph 25: At Uncensored, the WCW World Tag Team Champion Sting and Booker T defeated Road Warriors in a Street Fight to get Harlem Heat, a title shot for the WCW World Tag Team Championship against Sting and Lex Luger. Later in the night, Hulk Hogan and Randy Savage defeated Alliance to End Hulkamania, a team consisting of Four Horsemen and The Dungeon of Doom, in a Doomsday Cage match after Dungeon member Lex Luger hit Flair with a loaded glove. This sparked tension within the Alliance as the following night on Monday Nitro as Horsemen leader Ric Flair defended the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against Dungeon member The Giant and the match ended in a no contest after interference by Flair's Four Horsemen teammate Arn Anderson and Giant's Dungeon of Doom leader The Taskmaster. Anderson hit Giant with a steel chair and handed it over to Taskmaster and Giant assumed that Taskmaster hit him with it and then attacked his mentor, thus quitting the Dungeon. This also marked the beginning of a rivalry between Dungeon and Horsemen and the end of Alliance. His exit from the Dungeon was confirmed after he came to the ring with a new entrance music and defeated Dungeon member Big Bubba Rogers on the March 30 episode of Saturday Night. Jimmy Hart paid off Harlem Heat to let Giant compete against Sting on the April 1 episode of Monday Nitro. Later that night, Flair successfully defended his title against Luger. On the April 13 episode of Saturday Night, Flair teamed with Giant to pick up a victory against The American Males (Marcus Bagwell and Scotty Riggs). Two nights later on Monday Nitro, Flair and Giant challenged Sting and Lex Luger for the World Tag Team Championship but lost via disqualification. The following week, on Monday Nitro, Sting and Luger took on Flair and Giant in a title versus title match where Flair's World Heavyweight Championship and Sting and Luger's World Tag Team Championship were on the line. The match ended after Flair inadvertently threw a powder into Giant's face which was intended for Sting and Luger. This angered the Giant and set up a title match between the two on the April 29 episode of Monday Nitro, where Giant defeated Flair to win the title. This set up a match between Giant and Sting for the title at Slamboree. Sting began accusing Luger of his betrayal but Luger proved Sting of his loyalty and constantly challenged Giant for the title and got a title shot against Giant on the May 13 episode of Monday Nitro, which ended in a no contest after Sting prevented Giant from driving Luger with the announce table with a Chokeslam. Sting and Luger reconciled on the May 18 episode of Saturday Night.

Paragraph 26: Simultaneously in the present, there is a new group of Uncanny X-Men which is led by Magneto and includes Psylocke, Monet St. Croix, a reformed Sabretooth, and a newly re-emergent Archangel who seems to have been rendered a responsively inert drone, though, under Psylocke's psychic leash, Archangel became a heavy hitter in Magneto's X-Men, the group is also secretly backed by Mystique and Fantomex. After investigating a rash of mutant healer murders perpetrated by a long thought dead old foe whose talents had been hired out by an as of yet unknown benefactor, both Magnus and Elizabeth eventually discover a hidden Clan Akkaba base hidden under a religious rally orchestrated by "Angel" (the new person Warren became after being stabbed by the Celestial Life Seed), who in turn was being manipulated by both the clan's lord and the mercenary groups backer Genocide. As it turns out Angel had made a deal with Genocide and the Clan Akkaba to ensure that he would never become the Dark Angel again, and so they were able to split apart Angel from his Archangel persona into separate bodies; however Archangel's mind was altered during the process and, as a result, reduced him to little more than a mindless drone. It is also revealed that Genocide had been using "Angel"'s T.O. infected wings to create an army of clones modeled after his horseman Persona dubbing them his Death-Flight; Techno-Organic winged Archangels to be led by Angel's fused Archangel self in order to raze the world in his pursuit of Darwinism via culling the tainted flesh. Psylocke attacked the Death-Flight to protect the citizens of Green Ridge, and was eventually joined by Fantomex, Mystique and Magneto, who had just killed Genocide. Magneto and Psylocke then watched as Angel and Archangel merged with all their clones to create a new being. This new Archangel was unsure of who or what he now was, but was determined to find out. He swore off all violence and returned with Magneto's X-Men to their base in the Savage Land.

Paragraph 27: The agency's uniform shoulder patch depicts two Maryland Militiamen, who also happened to be  Baltimore County Deputy Sheriffs, who were killed, during the British land and sea attack at the Battle of North Point on September 12, 1814, in the War of 1812 (later celebrated as a state, county, and city holiday as "Defenders' Day" - simultaneous with the bombardment of Fort McHenry from the Patapsco River on September 13-14th, and the inspiration for the writing of the National Anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner" by Francis Scott Key, 1779-1843). Daniel Wells and Henry McComas have historically been given credit for shooting and killing the commanding British General Robert Ross and were later both killed in the following skirmish and battle. A memorial known as the "Wells-McComas Monument" to the two fallen Militia Soldiers/Deputies is located on North Gay Street by the intersecting Aisquith and Orleans Streets in "Ashland Square" in East Baltimore City, where they were buried beneath after being exhumed in the 1870s from their original grave site and moved with great ceremony and publicity to Ashland Square.  A smaller memorial where the two Deputies/Militiamen and nearby General Ross were killed is located on Old Battle Grove Road in Dundalk near "Battle Acre", the small, one-acre park donated to the State on the 25th Anniversary of Defenders' Day, in 1839 marking the center of the North Point Battlefield off Old North Point Road, its later parallel by-pass - North Point Boulevard at the intersection with German Hill Road, from September 12, 1814. Here to celebrate the extensive week-long "Star-Spangled Banner Centennial Anniversary" in 1914, the historic site was surrounded by an decorative cast-iron fence and a large stone base with a bronze cannon surmounting it and with a historical bronze plaque mounted on the side. Large stone-base signs with historical markers visible to passing traffic noting the "Battle of North Point" and "War of 1812" sites were also erected north and south of the historic battlefield area in the median strip of the 1977-era Baltimore Beltway, (Interstate 695) by the Maryland Department of Transportation's State Highway Administration that were placed through the efforts finally in 2004 of various local historical preservation-minded citizens and the Dundalk-Patapsco Neck Historical Society. An attempt to at least mark the general area of the historic battlefield site despite the high-speed highway routed through its fields along with the surrounding intensive post-World War II commercial and residential development unthinkingly constructed around the narrow peninsula field between Bread and Cheese Creek off Back River to the north and Bear Creek leading to the Patapsco to the south.

Paragraph 28: In the late 1990s mall owners announced that upscale retailers Saks Fifth Avenue and Nordstrom would join the mall in SouthPark's biggest expansion yet.  In 1995, Belk Brothers Co. became the sole owner of SouthPark by purchasing the remaining 50 percent ownership stake from Ivey Properties. The next year, Belk sold the mall to Rodamco, a Dutch real estate investment fund. The mall was briefly managed by Trammell Crow after the sale. Rodamco soon sold the mall to Simon Property Group.  In 2001 and 2002, Belk renovated and expanded its flagship store and Hecht's (opened as Thalhimer's as part of an expansion in 1988, became Hecht's in 1992 and Macy's in 2006) renovated and expanded its store in 2003 and 2004.  The site of the former convenience center and movie theater has been redeveloped into Symphony Park, an outdoor amphitheater and pond, home of a summer concert series called "Pops in the Park."  In 2003 Sears, citing under performance, closed their store in the summer of that year, which was eventually demolished to make way for a new outdoor plaza that included a Joseph-Beth Bookstore and a new Galyan's Store (which opened as a Dick's Sporting Goods as a result of a buyout).  Saks Fifth Avenue pulled out of the expansion, and as of 2020 the company still does not have a Charlotte location, but Nordstrom opened its doors in 2004.  This luxury expansion brought exclusive and upscale stores to the area, including Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Hermès, and Tiffany & Co. In late 2005, Simon Property Group announced that Neiman Marcus would be the tenant of the former Saks Fifth Avenue anchor pad, along with another wing of stores & boutiques. Neiman Marcus opened in late 2006. Three new parking decks have also been added.  Dillard's renovated its original 1970s Ivey's facade and interior, the last anchor to update. Joseph-Beth Booksellers closed its bookstore in 2010 and The Container Store replaced it in August 2011.

Paragraph 29: Simultaneously in the present, there is a new group of Uncanny X-Men which is led by Magneto and includes Psylocke, Monet St. Croix, a reformed Sabretooth, and a newly re-emergent Archangel who seems to have been rendered a responsively inert drone, though, under Psylocke's psychic leash, Archangel became a heavy hitter in Magneto's X-Men, the group is also secretly backed by Mystique and Fantomex. After investigating a rash of mutant healer murders perpetrated by a long thought dead old foe whose talents had been hired out by an as of yet unknown benefactor, both Magnus and Elizabeth eventually discover a hidden Clan Akkaba base hidden under a religious rally orchestrated by "Angel" (the new person Warren became after being stabbed by the Celestial Life Seed), who in turn was being manipulated by both the clan's lord and the mercenary groups backer Genocide. As it turns out Angel had made a deal with Genocide and the Clan Akkaba to ensure that he would never become the Dark Angel again, and so they were able to split apart Angel from his Archangel persona into separate bodies; however Archangel's mind was altered during the process and, as a result, reduced him to little more than a mindless drone. It is also revealed that Genocide had been using "Angel"'s T.O. infected wings to create an army of clones modeled after his horseman Persona dubbing them his Death-Flight; Techno-Organic winged Archangels to be led by Angel's fused Archangel self in order to raze the world in his pursuit of Darwinism via culling the tainted flesh. Psylocke attacked the Death-Flight to protect the citizens of Green Ridge, and was eventually joined by Fantomex, Mystique and Magneto, who had just killed Genocide. Magneto and Psylocke then watched as Angel and Archangel merged with all their clones to create a new being. This new Archangel was unsure of who or what he now was, but was determined to find out. He swore off all violence and returned with Magneto's X-Men to their base in the Savage Land.

Paragraph 30: Anorthosis was able to get big 1–0 win against Omonia Nicosia. Gold Roncatto goal scorer in 84th minute on January 21. He played with 10 players for half, was against the tradition in GSP. An excellent and cooled at the tactical level Anorthosis ended in the negative based on tradition with Omonia. and with the goal of Evantro Evandro Roncatto(85') took the victory 1–0. With ten of the first part of the "great lady" after the second yellow in Andić, lag behind the previous derby "the greens." With good pace started the match with both teams alternating supremacy. In good time the first game with Kozatsik managed to walk away before Avraam(4'), while the delayed Okkas features a counterattack Anorthosis (14'). Laborde (19') attempted with the shot, sending the ball just over the beams. Closed longest game in the first half, with both groups to be quite good inhibitory function, thereby missing the big stages in front of two places. The Efrem (33') he threatened to shoot target not found, while a weak Okkas header saw the ball ends up in his arms Georgallides(42'). Shortly before the completion of the first time the numerical balance changed the match, when Andić after a foul on Efrem, he saw ... yellow, the second of the game and was eliminated. The Bosnian defender should not be charged on the first yellow, since it seemed to make theater, as considered by Stelios Tryphonos. From early in the second half Omonia tried to push the advantage of the numerical advantage, but the greatest chance until that point of the mach has lost the Roncatto (51'), who shot from the level of penalty and he sent the ball out . Kvirkvelia (61') shortly after entering the game from great vantage sent the ball over the Georgallides. The answer came with Omonia the crossbar to direct foul of Avraam (63'), while Salatić header (64') came out slightly. Even with less Anorthosis player with good inhibitory function is not allowed in Omonia be particularly threatening, and again went on the offensive foul with Laborde to result in his arms Georgallides. The mistake did not cost Kozatsik to Anorthosis after the shot Da Silva (80') passed over the beams. The Roncatto (85') managed to find a goal after a superb action preceded by Laborde and put the score in front Anorthosis. The third and last minutes late Avraam attempted the shot, the ball and to oppose the resulting corner. MVP: Ricardo Laborde. The Colombian made them all on the pitch. Troubled the defense of Omonia, as illustrated by the phase of the goals, and helped a lot and the defense with quick returns throughout the duration of the match.

Paragraph 31: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 32:  최형국, and Hyeong Guk Choi. 2015. "18세기 활쏘기(國弓) 수련방식과 그 실제 -『림원경제지(林園經濟志)』『유예지(遊藝志)』射訣을 중심으로". 탐라문화. 50 권 권: 234. Abstract: 본 연구는 『林園經濟志』 「遊藝志」에 수록된 射訣을 실제 수련을 바탕으로 한몸 문화의 관점에서 분석하여 18세기 활쏘기 수련방식과 그 무예사적 의미를 살펴보았다. 또한 『射法秘傳攻瑕』와 『조선의 궁술』 중 射法要訣에 해당하는 부분을 서로 비교하여 전통 활쏘기의 보편적 특성을 살펴보았다. 『임원경제지』의 저자인 서유구는 대표적인 京華世族으로 家學으로 전해진 농업에 대한 관심을 통해 향촌생활에 필요한 여러 가지 일들을 어릴 적부터 접할 수 있었다. 또한 관직에 오른 후에는 순창군수를 비롯한 향촌사회의 일을 직접 살필 수 있는 관력이 있었는가 하면, 閣臣으로 있을 때에는 수많은 서적들을 규장각이라는 거대한 지식집합소를 관리했기에 백과사전적 공부를 진행할 수 있었다. 그리고 『鄕禮合編』 등 다양한 서적들의 편찬을 담당하면서 의례를 비롯한 전통지식을 물론이고, 청나라에서 수입한 새로운 實學書들을 정리하는 과정에서 지식의 체계적인 관리와 정보의 중요성을 인식하여 『임원경제지』를 저술하게 되었다. 『임원경제지』 중 사결에는 당대 활쏘기의 수련방식과 활과 화살을 제조하는 것에 이르기까지 활쏘기와 관련한 다양한 정보를 수록하고 있다. 특히 서유구 자신이 활쏘기를 젊을 때부터 익혔고, 활쏘기 역시 家學으로 여겨질 만큼 집안의 거의 모든 사내들이 익혔기에 보다 실용적인 부분을 중심으로 체계화시킬 수 있었다. 이러한 사결의 내용 중 실제 활쏘기 수련시 나타나는 다양한 몸문화적인 측면을 요즘의 활쏘기와 비교 분석하며 정리하였다. 이를 통해 『임원경제지』의 사결에 실린 활쏘기의 모습이 당대의 몸문화를 가장 잘 반영하고 있음을 확인할 수 있었다. In this research, we observed archery training methods in the 18th century and its military artistic meaning from somatic cultural perspective by reviewing Sagyul(射訣, instructional description on archery collected in 『ImwonGyeongjeji』(林圓經濟志, encyclopedia written by Seo Yu-gu) Yuyeji (遊藝志, arts and crafts of gentry class). In addition, this study recognized universal characteristics of Korean traditional archery by examining related contents including Sabupbijeon-gongha(『射法秘傳功瑕』, book on archery published by Pyongyang-Gamyeong in late Joseon dynasty) and Sabup-yo-gyul(射法要訣, condensed archery manual) collected in 『Archery of Joseon』, which is an instructional book on archery written in 20th century. Seo Yu-gu, the writer of 『ImwonGyeongjeji』, was a representative Kyung Hwa Sa Gok(京華士族, privilege rank that monopolized an honor and an official post in the 18th in Korean governing class). Affected by agricultural academic tradition of his family, he was able to experience variety of things necessary to rural environment. Furthermore, after filling the office, he had an authority to take care rural society directly including Sunchang District Governor. When he worked in Gyujanggak (奎章閣, royal library built in late Joseon dynasty), he even arranged encyclopedic research as he managed all the databases collected in the library. In the process of handling various book publication including ritual book such as 『Hyangryehap-pyun』(鄕禮合編, integrated book on rural ritual) and arranging new practical science books imported from Qing dynasty, he felt necessity of systematic management of knowledge and information and its outcome was 『ImwonGyeongjeji』. In Sagyul, there are different kinds of information on archery from training types to manufacturing methods of bow and arrows. Especially, he organized it by putting more stress on practicality as Seo Yu-gu himself trained archery since childhood and almost every men in his family mastered it in their life. According to this, various somatic cultural aspects that appeared in Sagyul were examined by comparing current archery.

Paragraph 33: The Conwy Valley line () is a railway line in north-west Wales. It runs from Llandudno via Llandudno Junction () to Blaenau Ffestiniog, and was originally part of the London and North Western Railway, being opened in stages to 1879. The primary purpose of the line was to carry slate from the Ffestiniog quarries to a specially built quay at Deganwy for export by sea. The line also provided goods facilities for the market town of Llanrwst, and via the extensive facilities at Betws-y-Coed on the London to Holyhead A5 turnpike road it served many isolated communities in Snowdonia and also the developing tourist industry.

Paragraph 34: On account of what was regarded as his powerful defence of morality and religion, Hawkesworth was rewarded by the Archbishop of Canterbury with the degree of LL.D, In 1754–1755 he published an edition (12 vols) of Swift's works, with a life prefixed which Johnson praised in his Lives of the Poets. A larger edition (27 vols) appeared in 1766–1779. He adapted Dryden's Amphitryon for the Drury Lane stage in 1756, and Southerne's Oronooko in 1759. He wrote the libretto of an oratorio Zimri in 1760, and the next year Edgar and Emmeline: a Fairy Tale was produced at Drury Lane. His Almoran and Hamet (1761) was first drafted as a play , and a tragedy based on it by S J Pratt, The Fair Circassian (1781), met with some success.

Paragraph 35: Ma'an was divided into two distinct quarters since the Umayyad period: Ma'an al-Shamiyya and Ma'an al-Hijaziyya. The latter served as the main town, while the former was a small neighborhood inhabited by Syrians from the north. The city continued to be a major town on the Hajj pilgrimage route and its economy was entirely dependent on it. Its principal trade partner was the coastal city of Gaza in southern Palestine, from where supplies were brought to Ma'an for resale to pilgrims. Provisions were also imported from Hebron. In addition to provisions, Ma'an's outward caravan was dominated by the sale of livestock, particularly camels for transport and sheep for ritual sacrifice. The incoming caravan was a buyer's market for goods coming from across the Muslim world. Ma'an's culture was highly influenced by its role on the Hajj route and unlike many other desert towns, most of its residents were literate and many served as imams or religious advisers for the Bedouin tribes in the area. Swiss traveler Johann Ludwig Burckhardt noted that the people of Ma'an "considered their town an advanced post to the sacred city of Medina." The townspeople's relationship with Bedouin was also unique. While most Transjordanian towns had uneasy relationships with the nomadic tribes to whom they paid regular tribute (khuwwa), Ma'an's residents and the Bedouin enjoyed positive relations. Finnish explorer Georg August Wallin wrote the level of economic interdependence between the two groups was unlike anywhere else in Syria's desert regions. As a testament to their relationship of mutual trust, Ma'an's inhabitants were able to bargain down or withhold payment of the khuwwa during tough economic years. The major tribes around the city were the 'Anizzah and the Huwaytat.

Paragraph 36: In the late 1990s mall owners announced that upscale retailers Saks Fifth Avenue and Nordstrom would join the mall in SouthPark's biggest expansion yet.  In 1995, Belk Brothers Co. became the sole owner of SouthPark by purchasing the remaining 50 percent ownership stake from Ivey Properties. The next year, Belk sold the mall to Rodamco, a Dutch real estate investment fund. The mall was briefly managed by Trammell Crow after the sale. Rodamco soon sold the mall to Simon Property Group.  In 2001 and 2002, Belk renovated and expanded its flagship store and Hecht's (opened as Thalhimer's as part of an expansion in 1988, became Hecht's in 1992 and Macy's in 2006) renovated and expanded its store in 2003 and 2004.  The site of the former convenience center and movie theater has been redeveloped into Symphony Park, an outdoor amphitheater and pond, home of a summer concert series called "Pops in the Park."  In 2003 Sears, citing under performance, closed their store in the summer of that year, which was eventually demolished to make way for a new outdoor plaza that included a Joseph-Beth Bookstore and a new Galyan's Store (which opened as a Dick's Sporting Goods as a result of a buyout).  Saks Fifth Avenue pulled out of the expansion, and as of 2020 the company still does not have a Charlotte location, but Nordstrom opened its doors in 2004.  This luxury expansion brought exclusive and upscale stores to the area, including Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Hermès, and Tiffany & Co. In late 2005, Simon Property Group announced that Neiman Marcus would be the tenant of the former Saks Fifth Avenue anchor pad, along with another wing of stores & boutiques. Neiman Marcus opened in late 2006. Three new parking decks have also been added.  Dillard's renovated its original 1970s Ivey's facade and interior, the last anchor to update. Joseph-Beth Booksellers closed its bookstore in 2010 and The Container Store replaced it in August 2011.

Paragraph 37: In the meanwhile the unscrupulous heroes who were founding the British Government of India had thought proper to quarrel with their new instrument Mir Kasim, whom they had so lately raised to the Masnad of Bengal. This change in their councils had been caused by an insubordinate letter addressed to the Court of Directors by Clive's party, which had led to their dismissal from employ. The opposition then raised to power consisted of all the more corrupt members of the service; and the immediate cause of their rupture with Mir Kasim was about the monopoly they desired to have of the local trade for their own private advantage. They were represented at that Nawab's Court by Mr. Ellis, the most violent of their body; and the consequence of his proceedings was, in no long time, seen in the murder of the Resident and all his followers, in October, 1763. The scene of this atrocity (which remained without a parallel for nearly a century) was at Patna, which was then threatened and soon after stormed by the British; and the actual instrument was a Franco-German, Walter Reinhardt by name, of whom, as we are to hear much more hereafter, it is as well here to take note. This European executioner of Asiatic barbarity is generally believed to have been a native of Treves, in the Duchy of Luxemburg, who came to India as a sailor in the French navy. From this service he is said to have deserted to the British, and joined the first European battalion raised in Bengal. Thence deserting he once more entered the French service; was sent with a party who vainly attempted to relieve Chandarnagar, and was one of the small party who followed Law when that officer took command of those, who refused to share in the surrender of the place to the British. After the capture of his ill-starred chief, Reinhardt (whom we shall in future designate by his Indian sobriquet of "Sumroo," or Sombre) took service under Gregory, or Gurjin Khan, Mir Kasim's Armenian General. Broome, however, adopts a somewhat different version. According to this usually careful and accurate historian, Reinhardt was a Salzburg man who originally came to India in the British service, and deserted to the French at Madras, whence he was sent by Lally to strengthen the garrison of the Bengal settlement. The details are not very material: Sumroo had certainly learned war both in English and French schools. He again deserted from the Newab, served successively the Principal Chiefs of the time, and died in 1776.

Paragraph 38: Following the revolt, Romania, with the support of Austro-Hungary, succeeded in the acceptance of the Aromanians ("Vlachs") as a separate millet with the decree (irade) of May 10, 1905 by Sultan Abdul Hamid II, so the Ullah Millet ("Vlach Millet", referring to the Aromanians) could have their own churches and schools. Except for Bulgarian Exarchist Aromanians, as Guli's family, most members of other ethnicities dismissed the IMRO as pro-Bulgarian. Pitu is father of Tashko Gulev (Shula Guli), who died in 1913 as soldier of the Bulgarian Army in the battle of Bregalnica against the Serbs, during the Second Balkan War. He is also father of the revolutionary of the IMRO, Nikola Gulev (Lakia Guli), one of the people closest to Todor Alexandrov. He was arrested by the police of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and died in custody after being tortured in 1924. Pitu Guli is a father of Steryo Gulev (Sterya Guli), who took part in the military units formed by former IMRO activists in Vardar Macedonia during the Bulgarian administration in World War II, to fight the communist Yugoslav Partisans. He reportedly shot himself after Bulgaria switched sides and withdrew from Yugoslavia in 1944, upon the arrival of Tito's partisans in Kruševo, in despair over what he saw as a second period of Serbian dominance in Macedonia.

Paragraph 39: The chronicler Lindsay of Pitscottie wrote of the building of Michael that "all the woods of Fife, except Falkland wood, besides all the timber that was got out of Norway" went into her construction. Account books add that timbers were purchased from other parts of Scotland, as well as from France and the Baltic Sea.  Lindsay gives her dimensions as  long and  in beam. Russell (1922) notes that Michael was supposed to have been built with oak walls  thick. She displaced about 1,000 tons, had four masts, carried 24 guns (purchased from Flanders) on the broadside, 1 basilisk forward and 2 aft, and 30 smaller guns (later increased to 36 main guns), and had a crew of 300 sailors, 120 gunners, and up to 1,000 soldiers.

Paragraph 40: The agency's uniform shoulder patch depicts two Maryland Militiamen, who also happened to be  Baltimore County Deputy Sheriffs, who were killed, during the British land and sea attack at the Battle of North Point on September 12, 1814, in the War of 1812 (later celebrated as a state, county, and city holiday as "Defenders' Day" - simultaneous with the bombardment of Fort McHenry from the Patapsco River on September 13-14th, and the inspiration for the writing of the National Anthem, "The Star-Spangled Banner" by Francis Scott Key, 1779-1843). Daniel Wells and Henry McComas have historically been given credit for shooting and killing the commanding British General Robert Ross and were later both killed in the following skirmish and battle. A memorial known as the "Wells-McComas Monument" to the two fallen Militia Soldiers/Deputies is located on North Gay Street by the intersecting Aisquith and Orleans Streets in "Ashland Square" in East Baltimore City, where they were buried beneath after being exhumed in the 1870s from their original grave site and moved with great ceremony and publicity to Ashland Square.  A smaller memorial where the two Deputies/Militiamen and nearby General Ross were killed is located on Old Battle Grove Road in Dundalk near "Battle Acre", the small, one-acre park donated to the State on the 25th Anniversary of Defenders' Day, in 1839 marking the center of the North Point Battlefield off Old North Point Road, its later parallel by-pass - North Point Boulevard at the intersection with German Hill Road, from September 12, 1814. Here to celebrate the extensive week-long "Star-Spangled Banner Centennial Anniversary" in 1914, the historic site was surrounded by an decorative cast-iron fence and a large stone base with a bronze cannon surmounting it and with a historical bronze plaque mounted on the side. Large stone-base signs with historical markers visible to passing traffic noting the "Battle of North Point" and "War of 1812" sites were also erected north and south of the historic battlefield area in the median strip of the 1977-era Baltimore Beltway, (Interstate 695) by the Maryland Department of Transportation's State Highway Administration that were placed through the efforts finally in 2004 of various local historical preservation-minded citizens and the Dundalk-Patapsco Neck Historical Society. An attempt to at least mark the general area of the historic battlefield site despite the high-speed highway routed through its fields along with the surrounding intensive post-World War II commercial and residential development unthinkingly constructed around the narrow peninsula field between Bread and Cheese Creek off Back River to the north and Bear Creek leading to the Patapsco to the south.

Paragraph 41: Kristensen collected another Danish variant from informant Kristen Nielsen, from Egsgård mark, in Ringive sogn, near Vejle. In this tale, titled Hundebruden ("The Hound's Bride"), a couple has a daughter who does not want to marry. Just to spite her parents, she says she wants to marry a dog, and so it happens: a white dog appears at their door and asks for the girl as bride. The parents agree and the dog takes the girl to a little hut in the woods. He explains the hut is theirs, but she cannot light any light at night. Despite living with the dog, she begins to miss her family, and the dog agrees to let her visit her family on the holidays, with a caveat: she is to listen only to her father, not to her mother. During the second visit to her family, the mother suggests she spies on her husband when he sleeps at night. After the third visit, the girl lights up a candle at night and sees a handsome man on bed beside her. A drop of wax falls on his body and injures him. He wakes up with a startle and sees his wife betrayed him, since he is a prince, cursed by a troll woman. The prince says he will need to go to Bloksbjærg, turns back to a dog and rushes through the woods. His wife follows him. At a point of her journey, she sees a light in the distance and reaches a house. A kind old woman takes her in. She explains they can wait for a hailstorm to pass, since the old woman controls the hail. After the hailstorm passes, she gives the girl a pair of shoes and directs her to her sister, who controls the mist and the fog. The second sister takes the girl in and directs her to a third sister, who controls the heat. After passing by the three old women, the girl reaches Bloksbjærg and finds job as the troll woman's servant. After a few days, the troll woman orders the girl to wash a white spool of thread in the river and make it black. A rooster appears to her and offer its help in exchange for using a term of endearment with him. The girl thanks the help, but declines the rooster's offer, opting to stay faithful to her lost husband. The rooster washes the thread and scratches its claws to turn it black. The witch then orders her to wash it white again. Some time later, the troll woman orders the girl to go to the troll's sister and get a jewelry box for her daughter's wedding. The rooster gives the girl some seeds and advises her to throw them to the troll's sister's guardians (a tiger and a lion), get the box and do not opent it, and refuse to eat anything while in her house. After tricking the troll's sister that she ate a calf's foot, the girl takes the jewelry box and opens it in the way; the jewels escape from the box, but the rooster enchants the calf's foot to bring them back. Finally, the troll woman organizes her daughter's wedding and puts an enchanted candle on the girl's fingers, so that she cannot put out the fire until it has consumed her. She then sees that the troll's daughter's bridegroom is the dog prince, in human form. She cries out to him to help her. The prince takes the candle from the girl's hands and throws it at the troll bride. In the confusion, the prince and the girl escape and visit the kind old women's huts, only to find they have passed away, so they bury them out of respect.

Paragraph 42: The Esperanto sound inventory and phonotactics are very close to those of Yiddish, Belarusian and Polish, which were personally important to Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto. The primary difference is the absence of palatalization, although this was present in Proto-Esperanto (, now  'nations'; , now  'family') and arguably survives marginally in the affectionate suffixes  and , and in the interjection   Apart from this, the consonant inventory is identical to that of Eastern Yiddish. Minor differences from Belarusian are that g is pronounced as a stop, , rather than as a fricative,  (in Belarusian, the stop pronunciation is found in recent loan words), and that Esperanto distinguishes  and , a distinction that Yiddish makes but that Belarusian (and Polish) do not. As in Belarusian, Esperanto  is found in syllable onsets and  in syllable codas; however, unlike Belarusian,  does not become  if forced into coda position through compounding. According to Kalocsay & Waringhien, if Esperanto  does appear before a voiceless consonant, it will devoice to , as in Yiddish. However, Zamenhof avoided such situations by adding an epenthetic vowel:  ('washbasin'), not  or . The Esperanto vowel inventory is essentially that of Belarusian. Zamenhof's Litvish dialect of Yiddish (that of Białystok) has an additional schwa and diphthong oŭ but no uj.

Paragraph 43: Following the revolt, Romania, with the support of Austro-Hungary, succeeded in the acceptance of the Aromanians ("Vlachs") as a separate millet with the decree (irade) of May 10, 1905 by Sultan Abdul Hamid II, so the Ullah Millet ("Vlach Millet", referring to the Aromanians) could have their own churches and schools. Except for Bulgarian Exarchist Aromanians, as Guli's family, most members of other ethnicities dismissed the IMRO as pro-Bulgarian. Pitu is father of Tashko Gulev (Shula Guli), who died in 1913 as soldier of the Bulgarian Army in the battle of Bregalnica against the Serbs, during the Second Balkan War. He is also father of the revolutionary of the IMRO, Nikola Gulev (Lakia Guli), one of the people closest to Todor Alexandrov. He was arrested by the police of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and died in custody after being tortured in 1924. Pitu Guli is a father of Steryo Gulev (Sterya Guli), who took part in the military units formed by former IMRO activists in Vardar Macedonia during the Bulgarian administration in World War II, to fight the communist Yugoslav Partisans. He reportedly shot himself after Bulgaria switched sides and withdrew from Yugoslavia in 1944, upon the arrival of Tito's partisans in Kruševo, in despair over what he saw as a second period of Serbian dominance in Macedonia.

Paragraph 44: Emilio Aguinaldo had presented surrender terms to Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines Basilio Augustín, who refused them initially, believing more Spanish troops would be sent to lift the siege. As the combined forces of Filipinos and Americans closed in, Augustín, realizing that his position was hopeless, secretly continued to negotiate with Aguinaldo, even offering ₱1 million, but the latter refused.  When the Spanish parliament, the Cortes, learned of Governor-General Augustín's attempt to negotiate the surrender of the army to Filipinos under Aguinaldo, it was furious, and relieved Augustín of his duties as Governor-General, effective July 24, to be replaced by Fermin Jáudenes. On June 16, warships departed Spain to lift the siege, but they altered course for Cuba where a Spanish fleet was imperiled by the U.S. Navy.  In August, life in Intramuros (the walled center of Manila), where the normal population of about ten thousand had swelled to about seventy thousand, had become unbearable. Realizing that it was only a matter of time before the city fell, and fearing vengeance and looting if the city fell to Filipino revolutionaries, Governor Jáudenes suggested to Dewey, through the Belgian consul, Édouard André, that the city be surrendered to the Americans after a short, "mock" battle. Dewey had initially rejected the suggestion because he lacked the troops to block the Filipino revolutionary forces, but when Merritt's troops became available he sent a message to Jáudenes, agreeing to the mock battle.