Paragraph 1: The Board of Regents selected a  site in the south Fort Myers area donated by Ben Hill Griffin III, on which to build the university. On April 26, 1993, Roy E. McTarnaghan, who served as the executive vice chancellor for the State University System of Florida, was appointed president of the yet-unnamed “New University of Southwest Florida.” Founding president McTarnaghan and a small number of employees set up temporary base in downtown Fort Myers in a space provided by the Lee County Commission. The school was officially established by then-governor Lawton Chiles in 1991, although FGCU commemorates August 25, 1997, the first time classes were held on campus.

Paragraph 2: On 6 October, the force again sortied—this time to launch strikes preparatory to the invasion of the Philippines. After hitting the enemy's Formosan air bases, the force turned southeast for operations off Luzon in support of the Leyte landings. On 24 October, as the Japanese initiated a triple-pronged thrust to drive the Allied forces from Leyte Gulf, Preston'''s group, Task Group 38.3 (TG 38.3), came under severe attack in what was to be the first of the battles for Leyte Gulf. Wave after wave of bomber and torpedo planes closed the formation. Many were shot down, but Princeton (CVL-23) was lost. That evening TG 38.3 was ordered north to rendezvous with TG 38.2 and TG 38.4 and search for a Japanese carrier force. Within an hour of the midnight rendezvous search planes were flying. After daylight they caught the enemy force north of Cape Engaño and the fighting squadrons were sent off. In the afternoon the force's cruiser-destroyer group closed the surviving ships to deliver final blows. The force then retired to the south to join in the search for enemy vessels fleeing through San Bernardino Strait. On 27 October, sorties were flown to provide air cover for ground forces on Leyte after which the ships got underway for Ulithi.

Paragraph 3: For centuries, Grochów was a small village south-east of Praga. The fields of Grochów and nearby Kamion saw the election of Henryk Walezy (in 1573) and August III Sas (in 1733) as Polish kings, since these fields were chosen as the seat of the Polish election Sejms. Until the late 18th century the village was the property of the bishops of Płock and shared the fate of the nearby Kamion. Since the 16th century, the field of Grochów was about 2.6 square kilometres in size and was one of the biggest undivided fields in all of Masovia. However, the Swedish Invasion of 1656 wreaked destruction, and a prosperous village was completely looted and burnt to the ground; only 9 houses remained. In 1780 Grochów was bought by King Stanisław August Poniatowski who gave it to his nephew, Prince Stanisław Poniatowski. The latter soon built a small manor in the village, the first house there to be constructed of anything besides wood. He soon subdivided the village into eight separate properties, selling each to a different family. This led to a period of prosperity as the village was rebuilt and began to serve as one of the most important centres of grain production and trade for the nearby city of Warsaw.

Paragraph 4: Team Hole in the Wall is an athletic fundraising initiative managed by the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Amateur athletes join up to raise a specified amount of funds and receive entrance to a marathon, bike ride or other athletic event in support of seriously ill children served by The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp or one of its associated camps around the world. Established in 2005, Team Hole in the Wall offers entrance into more than two dozen marathons and cycling events, including the New York City Marathon, Boston Marathon and AngelRide cycling event in Connecticut. New Canaan resident and Newman's Own Vice President of Marketing Michael "Mike" Havard ran in the ING New York City Marathon prior to 2004, but in that year he decided to use his participation to raise funds for The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, raising nearly $40,000. The next year, he served as captain of the first Team Hole in the Wall team of 40 runners, raising $150,000. The number of Team Hole in the Wall members and events has risen each year since. In 2010, more than 1,800 Team Hole in the Wall members are expected to participate in 20 athletic events.

Paragraph 5: Immediately before the presidential elections, Bozhenov appealed to the voters of the region in support of the program of one of the candidates. Although the name of the candidate was not mentioned, the characteristic rhetoric in favor of the inadmissibility of cardinal changes and the course towards stability, warnings against the dashing 90s clearly indicate campaigning in favor of Putin. After the failed Duma elections for United Russia, in the 2008 presidential election, Putin gained 63% in the region. As noted by a number of experts, the sharp change in the voting results is associated with the arrival of a new head of administration. Yevgeny Minchenko expressed the opinion that “Bozhenov is a master of organizing controlled voting”. So, for example, the opposition on the eve of the elections complained about the organization of voting at enterprises, a large number of absentee ballots (50 thousand versus 27 thousand for the president). In addition, the Volgograd Oblast became the leader in terms of the number of those who voted outside the premises for voting (the so-called "voting at home") - this right was used by 15% of voters who took part in the elections, or 193 thousand against 96 thousand in the Duma elections. As political analyst Aleksander Kynev notes, “The usual percentage of voting at home does not exceed 5-6% on average. If we are talking about tens of percent, this is already an obvious use of the administrative resource ”. It is interesting, for example, that in Alekseevsky district a third of voters voted outside the polling stations, and Putin's result was 85%, in Voroshilovsky district of Volgograd 10% of voters voted at home, Putin received 54% of the votes. On 11 March, Bozhenov handed over the keys to the new Toyota cars to the heads of the five districts in which Putin received the highest percentage in the elections. Meanwhile, on 23 March, the mayor of Mikhailovka, Gennady Kozhevnikov, was removed from office by a decree of Bozhenov. The official reason was the mayor's failure to comply with court decisions. At the same time, according to political scientist Konstantin Glushenko, Kozhevnikov's resignation may be directly related to the "failure" of voting in the presidential elections on March 4: 45.98% of voters voted for Vladimir Putin in Mikhailovka - this is the lowest rate in the region. The turnout was 58.6%. After that, Bozhenov began to lobby for a project to merge the city and the district of Mikhailovka.

Paragraph 6: On 6 October, the force again sortied—this time to launch strikes preparatory to the invasion of the Philippines. After hitting the enemy's Formosan air bases, the force turned southeast for operations off Luzon in support of the Leyte landings. On 24 October, as the Japanese initiated a triple-pronged thrust to drive the Allied forces from Leyte Gulf, Preston'''s group, Task Group 38.3 (TG 38.3), came under severe attack in what was to be the first of the battles for Leyte Gulf. Wave after wave of bomber and torpedo planes closed the formation. Many were shot down, but Princeton (CVL-23) was lost. That evening TG 38.3 was ordered north to rendezvous with TG 38.2 and TG 38.4 and search for a Japanese carrier force. Within an hour of the midnight rendezvous search planes were flying. After daylight they caught the enemy force north of Cape Engaño and the fighting squadrons were sent off. In the afternoon the force's cruiser-destroyer group closed the surviving ships to deliver final blows. The force then retired to the south to join in the search for enemy vessels fleeing through San Bernardino Strait. On 27 October, sorties were flown to provide air cover for ground forces on Leyte after which the ships got underway for Ulithi.

Paragraph 7: Recognizing Japan's need to learn from the Western powers, Inoue joined the Chōshū Five and was smuggled out of Japan to study at University College, London in England in 1863. When he returned with Itō Hirobumi, he unsuccessfully tried to prevent war (the Battle of Shimonoseki) between Chōshū and the Western naval powers over the closing of the Straits of Shimonoseki to foreign shipping. Later, he fought against the forces of the Tokugawa shogunate in the 1864 First Chōshū Expedition, during which he was severely wounded by the attack of the assassins, received a near-fatal injury, appealing to Inoue's elder brother for beheading because of the unbearable pain and finally Ikutaro Tokoro who was then in hiding from the pursuit of Tokugawa shogunate with Prince Sanjō Sanetomi and rushed to Inoue pulled him through this by putting about 50 stitches of tatami needle in the wounds on the whole body without anesthesia because of emergency during the domestic war time (The story that Inoue's mother holding bloody Inoue then dissuaded her elder son from beheading was introduced in the National Japanese text book of the 5th period as the power of mother). He later played a key role in the formation of the Satchō Alliance against the Tokugawa shogunate.

Paragraph 8: A human-built device, the Interface project, returns to the Solar System after 1,500 years. The project, towed by the spaceship Cauchy, returns a wormhole gate, appearing to offer time travel due to the time 'difference' between the exits of the wormhole (relativistic time dilation), with one end having remained in the Solar System and the other travelling at near lightspeed for a century. The Qax had destroyed the Solar System gate, but a lashed-up human ship (a great chunk of soil including Stonehenge, crewed by a group called the Friends of Wigner) passes through the returning gate, travelling back to the unconquered humanity of 1,500 years ago.

Paragraph 9: 1992–93 was Mantha's final season as a player, for the AHL's Hershey Bears; he has since coached teams in the AHL (Hershey and the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks) and the ECHL's Columbus Chill. He coached the junior USA team out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, from 2000 to 2004. In 2005, Mantha was named as the head coach of the Detroit Gladiators of the new World Hockey Association, but the league never made it to the ice; instead, he served as head coach and general manager of the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) until he was terminated for gross misconduct during the Akim Aliu/Steve Downie hazing scandal that ultimately resulted in the Spitfires being fined $35,000 under Mantha’s tenure. Mantha then served as the general manager and head coach for the French River Rapids of the NOJHL. On February 16, 2016, he was named interim head coach of the Saginaw Spirit of the OHL, making his second trip behind the Spirit bench, replacing the recently fired Greg Gilbert. He was not retained at the end of that season. In 2017, he was hired as the head coach and general manager of the Brookings Blizzard in the North American Hockey League. The Blizzard retained Mantha for one season after it relocated as the St. Cloud Blizzard in 2019 before he retired in 2020.

Paragraph 10: On 6 October, the force again sortied—this time to launch strikes preparatory to the invasion of the Philippines. After hitting the enemy's Formosan air bases, the force turned southeast for operations off Luzon in support of the Leyte landings. On 24 October, as the Japanese initiated a triple-pronged thrust to drive the Allied forces from Leyte Gulf, Preston'''s group, Task Group 38.3 (TG 38.3), came under severe attack in what was to be the first of the battles for Leyte Gulf. Wave after wave of bomber and torpedo planes closed the formation. Many were shot down, but Princeton (CVL-23) was lost. That evening TG 38.3 was ordered north to rendezvous with TG 38.2 and TG 38.4 and search for a Japanese carrier force. Within an hour of the midnight rendezvous search planes were flying. After daylight they caught the enemy force north of Cape Engaño and the fighting squadrons were sent off. In the afternoon the force's cruiser-destroyer group closed the surviving ships to deliver final blows. The force then retired to the south to join in the search for enemy vessels fleeing through San Bernardino Strait. On 27 October, sorties were flown to provide air cover for ground forces on Leyte after which the ships got underway for Ulithi.

Paragraph 11: A human-built device, the Interface project, returns to the Solar System after 1,500 years. The project, towed by the spaceship Cauchy, returns a wormhole gate, appearing to offer time travel due to the time 'difference' between the exits of the wormhole (relativistic time dilation), with one end having remained in the Solar System and the other travelling at near lightspeed for a century. The Qax had destroyed the Solar System gate, but a lashed-up human ship (a great chunk of soil including Stonehenge, crewed by a group called the Friends of Wigner) passes through the returning gate, travelling back to the unconquered humanity of 1,500 years ago.

Paragraph 12: Thakur Kiran Singh (Arun Govil) is the nephew of Thakur Shamsher Singh (Shammi Kapoor). Thakur Kiran Singh's father was killed by Baadal's (Mithun Chakraborty) father who is also dead, over a piece of land on which Baadal's family lives and refuses to sell. Thakur Kiran Singh and Baadal constantly threaten and provoke each other. Thakur Kiran Singh's cousin Meenakshi, (Poonam Dhillon) daughter of Thakur Shamsher Singh meets Baadal in a bus hijacking on her way home from college. Baadal saves her from dacoits and Meenakshi becomes friends with him. When Thakur Kiran Singh goes to collect her she becomes curious about Kiran's cold behaviour towards Baadal. When Meenakshi mentions this to Thakur Shamsher Singh he tells her Kiran is right, which leaves more questions. Kamini Singh (Madhu Kapoor), who is Kiran's wife and Meenakshi's sister-in-law tells her that Baadal's father is responsible for  the death of Kiran's father. Meenakshi believes this enmity should end with the death of  both fathers and continues to meet Baadal secretly and falls in love. When Kiran finds out he is enraged and gets into a fight with Baadal and is almost killed by Baadal swinging an axe at him. Meenakshi jumps in front of him and begs Baadal to spare his life for her sake. Baadal threatens that he only spared Kiran because of Meenakshi and next time he will kill him. Kamini's brother Vikram Singh (Shakti Kapoor) comes to visit and has witnessed Baadal and Meenakshi together and tells Kamini everything and suggests he marry Meenakshi to stop this. Kamini asks Kiran who agrees and speaks to Thakur Shamsher Singh about the marriage. Soon they start planning the wedding but Baadal turns up and professes his love for Meenakshi. Enraged Meenakshi's family have him beaten up. Meenakshi goes to his home to help dress his wounds and apologizes for her family. Kiran accuses Shamsher Singh of loving his daughter so much that he has put her happiness above his aim to revenge his brother's death. Shamsher Singh realizes he must not allow Meenakshi to see Baadal. Meenakshi goes to the mandir and tells Baadal they cannot be together as their families will never allow it. Baadal puts sindoor in her hair and says that they are now married. On raksha bandhan Kiran asks Meenakshi what she wants as a gift. Meenakshi says she wants him to protect her husband and that he must choose between his revenge for his father's death and his love for his sister. Kiran leaves the house to speak with Baadal. Kamini goes to Vikram to tie a rakhi and tells him that Kiran has gone to compromise with Baadal. Vikram says he cannot let this happen as it will ruin his plans to grab all of Thakur Shamsher Singh's wealth. Kiran realises Baadal loves Meenakshi and is not using her as he thought before. Kiran hugs Baadal and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband. Vikram who has been watching secretly fires a gunshot to kill Baadal. Kiran sees and throws himself in the way and gets shot. Vikram runs away while Baadal tries to chase him to see who it is. When he sees Kiran dying he holds him in his arms. Kiran asks Baadal to tell Meenakshi he is sorry he could not be at their wedding. Vikram goes to meet Kiran's family asking where he is as Kiran has invited him home for dinner. Baadal carries Kiran's body back to his family where all of them including Meenakshi hold him responsible for Kiran's death. The police take charge and Baadal is sentenced to life imprisonment. As he is talking to Shamsher Singh, he recognizes Vikram's shoes as the killer's shoes and reveals the truth. Baadal is sent to jail as nobody believes him and he escapes to confront Vikram. He arrives in time to save Vikram's maid from being killed by him and she runs to tell Shamsher Singh to stop the wedding. They all arrive at Vikram's house to find it on fire with both men fighting inside. Vikram walks out towards Meenakshi and drops to the floor revealing an arrow on his back. Baadal comes out and hugs Meenakshi. Shamsher Singh apologizes to Baadal for misunderstanding him and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband.

Paragraph 13: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 14: 1992–93 was Mantha's final season as a player, for the AHL's Hershey Bears; he has since coached teams in the AHL (Hershey and the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks) and the ECHL's Columbus Chill. He coached the junior USA team out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, from 2000 to 2004. In 2005, Mantha was named as the head coach of the Detroit Gladiators of the new World Hockey Association, but the league never made it to the ice; instead, he served as head coach and general manager of the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) until he was terminated for gross misconduct during the Akim Aliu/Steve Downie hazing scandal that ultimately resulted in the Spitfires being fined $35,000 under Mantha’s tenure. Mantha then served as the general manager and head coach for the French River Rapids of the NOJHL. On February 16, 2016, he was named interim head coach of the Saginaw Spirit of the OHL, making his second trip behind the Spirit bench, replacing the recently fired Greg Gilbert. He was not retained at the end of that season. In 2017, he was hired as the head coach and general manager of the Brookings Blizzard in the North American Hockey League. The Blizzard retained Mantha for one season after it relocated as the St. Cloud Blizzard in 2019 before he retired in 2020.

Paragraph 15: In Wolof, "Teigne" means the support that is placed on the head to carry something heavy, a bucket of water for example, in this case, it means the Sovereign or king carries a heavy responsibility. The origin of the title "Teigne" could also come from the royal Wolof title of "Tagne" which means an individual who belongs to a royal matrilineal lineage without belonging to the ruling patrilineal lineage and this was the case with the first "Teigne" of Baol, the Wolof Demba Gueye, who belonged to the royal matrilineal lineage of the Jolof empire but did not belong to the patrilineal ruling clan of Jolof. The first Lamans of Baol were Mandingos, the Socé, from the first Laman of Baol "Xaya Manga" to the 13th and last Laman "Ñasa Maroon". After the "Laman" Socé, the Teigne began with the Wolof Demba Gueye as the 14th ruler of Baol, he was placed there by the emperor of Jolof with whom he had family ties. The Jolof empire  had vassalized the Kingdom of Baol and the other Senegambian kingdoms after the decline of the Mali Empire. Teigne Demba Gueye's reign was significant, in fact Baol is still called "Baol Demba Gueye". After the reign of the Wolof Demba Gueye ", the Serer"Laman" began their reign in Baol, probably a compromise with the emperor of Jolof as the Serer of Baol did not easily accept the reign of the Wolof.  In fact, the Serer of Baol had a village in Baol called “Here the Wolofs will not pass!” The Serer Lamanes start with the 15th ruler of Baol “Felan Joom” and end with the 26th ruler of Baol “Ñoxor Ndiaye”, who is the maternal uncle of Amary Ngoné Sobel Fall. Ñoxor Ndiaye the last Serer Sovereign of Baol has direct Wolof paternal ancestry,his Ndiaye last name comes directly from Jolof empire (Niokhor Ndiaye, son of Kuli Gniglane Ndiaye, son of Gniglane Waly Ndiaye,son of Wal Saré Ndiaye who was a Wolof Prince of the Jolof empire. The Mandingo and the Serer rulers of Baol all had different surnames because for them it was based on a matrilineal inheritance system, it was when the Wolof Fall dynasty of Cayor began to rule the Baol that from Amary Ngoné Sobel Fall, the first Damel Teigne, all the leaders of Baol were of the Wolof last name of "Fall", this was based on the Wolof inheritance system of "Geño"(patrilineal), and "meen" (matrilineal) as opposed to the Serer system which was just based on the matrilineal system and which explains why the Mandingos and Serer rulers Baol often had different last names whereas the Wolof rulers after Amary Ngoné Sobel Fall,  all had the same last name of "Fall". From Amary Ngoné Sobel Fall, Lat Dior Diop is the exception for the Kingdoms of Cayor and Baol, Lat Dior Diop is the first Damel Teigne who was not a "Fall". After him,the "Fall" Wolof patrilineal dynasty regained power with the Teigne Thieyacine Dior Galo Gana Fall, then the French placed Tanoor Goñ Dieng as the ruler of Baol, after his death, the French began to appoint chiefs of canton in Baol.  After the demise of the Mandingos and the Serer maternal dynasties of Baol who used the title of Laman, the patrilineal dynasty of the Wolofs started to rule Baol. The first Laman  of Baol were Mandingos, followed by the Wolof Demba Gueye, then the Serer which included members of the Joof family , such as : Boureh Joof (Bouré Diouf in French speaking Senegal) and Guidiane [probably Jegan] Joof  (Guidiane Diouf), during the Wagadou period, and Maad Patar Kholleh Joof the conqueror. The Faal (or Fall in French) dynasty, the only paternal dynasty of Cayor were Wolof from the neighboring kingdom of Cayor who came to the throne after the Battle of Danki in 1549. The last Teigne of Baol was the Wolof Tanor Ngone Jeng (Tanor Goñ Dieng), who reigned from 1890 to 3 July 1894.

Paragraph 16: Team Hole in the Wall is an athletic fundraising initiative managed by the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Amateur athletes join up to raise a specified amount of funds and receive entrance to a marathon, bike ride or other athletic event in support of seriously ill children served by The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp or one of its associated camps around the world. Established in 2005, Team Hole in the Wall offers entrance into more than two dozen marathons and cycling events, including the New York City Marathon, Boston Marathon and AngelRide cycling event in Connecticut. New Canaan resident and Newman's Own Vice President of Marketing Michael "Mike" Havard ran in the ING New York City Marathon prior to 2004, but in that year he decided to use his participation to raise funds for The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, raising nearly $40,000. The next year, he served as captain of the first Team Hole in the Wall team of 40 runners, raising $150,000. The number of Team Hole in the Wall members and events has risen each year since. In 2010, more than 1,800 Team Hole in the Wall members are expected to participate in 20 athletic events.

Paragraph 17: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 18: In 1992, he was named the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year by the Associated Press. In 1995, he set a Bengals record for receptions in a single season with 99, and touchdown catches with 17. He later surpassed his own record by recording 100 receptions in 1996. From 1994-1995, Pickens became the first NFL player to record at least five receptions and a receiving touchdown in eight straight games. In his nine NFL seasons, Pickens recorded 540 receptions for 7,129 yards and 63 touchdowns, while also gaining another 307 yards and one touchdown on punt returns. His 63 touchdown receptions were a franchise record until surpassed by Chad Johnson in 2010.

Paragraph 19: After having worked for NJPW for eight years, Ishii received his first title shot in the promotion on May 20, 2012, when he unsuccessfully challenged Hirooki Goto for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship in the main event of a show in Osaka. The following November, Ishii took part in a tournament to determine the inaugural NEVER Openweight Champion. After wins over Daisuke Sasaki and Yoshi-Hashi, Ishii was defeated in the semifinals of the tournament by Chaos stablemate Masato Tanaka, who went on to win the entire tournament. The following month, Ishii teamed with Chaos leader Shinsuke Nakamura in the 2012 World Tag League, where they picked up three wins out of their six matches, failing to advance from their round-robin block. In January 2013, Ishii took part in the third Fantastica Mania weekend, winning a twelve-man torneo cibernetico on January 20. Following the win, Ishii challenged Masato Tanaka to a rematch for the NEVER Openweight Championship. The rematch between the two stablemates took place on February 3 in a main event at Korakuen Hall. Despite having the audience noticeably behind him, Ishii was again defeated by Tanaka, who, as a result, retained his title. The match was later praised by sports journalist Dave Meltzer, though he also expressed concern for the healths of both Ishii and Tanaka following the hard-hitting match. For his fan following, Ishii earned himself the nickname "New Mr. Korakuen". On March 11, Ishii picked up his biggest singles win in his NJPW career, when he defeated multi-time IWGP Heavyweight and IWGP Tag Team Champion Satoshi Kojima in the first round of the 2013 New Japan Cup. Six days later, Ishii was defeated in his second round match in the tournament by Hirooki Goto. In early 2013, Ishii also became involved in Chaos' rivalry with Suzuki-gun, NJPW's other major villainous stable, leading to Chaos and Ishii being positioned in a more sympathetic role than usual. On March 23, Ishii teamed with Jado and Shinsuke Nakamura to defeat Suzuki-gun representatives Minoru Suzuki, Lance Archer and Taka Michinoku in a six-man tag team match by pinning Michinoku for the win. After the match, Nakamura challenged Archer and his Killer Elite Squad (K.E.S.) tag team partner Davey Boy Smith Jr. to a match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship, nominating Ishii as his partner for the match. Ishii and Nakamura received their title shot on April 5, but were defeated by K.E.S. Ishii then got involved in a heated rivalry with Suzuki-gun leader Minoru Suzuki, which built to a singles match between the two on July 20 at the Kizuna Road 2013 pay-per-view, where Suzuki was victorious.

Paragraph 20: Team Hole in the Wall is an athletic fundraising initiative managed by the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Amateur athletes join up to raise a specified amount of funds and receive entrance to a marathon, bike ride or other athletic event in support of seriously ill children served by The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp or one of its associated camps around the world. Established in 2005, Team Hole in the Wall offers entrance into more than two dozen marathons and cycling events, including the New York City Marathon, Boston Marathon and AngelRide cycling event in Connecticut. New Canaan resident and Newman's Own Vice President of Marketing Michael "Mike" Havard ran in the ING New York City Marathon prior to 2004, but in that year he decided to use his participation to raise funds for The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, raising nearly $40,000. The next year, he served as captain of the first Team Hole in the Wall team of 40 runners, raising $150,000. The number of Team Hole in the Wall members and events has risen each year since. In 2010, more than 1,800 Team Hole in the Wall members are expected to participate in 20 athletic events.

Paragraph 21: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 22: The Board of Regents selected a  site in the south Fort Myers area donated by Ben Hill Griffin III, on which to build the university. On April 26, 1993, Roy E. McTarnaghan, who served as the executive vice chancellor for the State University System of Florida, was appointed president of the yet-unnamed “New University of Southwest Florida.” Founding president McTarnaghan and a small number of employees set up temporary base in downtown Fort Myers in a space provided by the Lee County Commission. The school was officially established by then-governor Lawton Chiles in 1991, although FGCU commemorates August 25, 1997, the first time classes were held on campus.

Paragraph 23: During testing the maximum speed was shown to be an impressive 72 km/h. Weight was just 4.68 metric tonnes (to which a 0.25 tonne simulation weight was added), the average road speed 40.5 km/h. However, some cavalry officers pointed out that the Renault Nerva Stella was a sports car and its engine rather delicate and thus unsuited to the rigours of military service. They proposed to use a more robust Renault city bus engine instead. In March the second prototype, N° 79760, was also lengthened twenty centimetres and fitted with a Renault 432 22 CV four-cylinder bus engine. This vehicle, with a weight of 5.03 tonnes and a simulation weight of 0.75 tonnes, was tested between 3 and 11 April at Vincennes and attained a maximum speed of 63.794 km/h and an average speed of 35.35 km/h. A subsequent order of 92 for the second version with its more reliable engine was made on 3 July 1934. This type, replacing the AMR 33 in the production run, was to have the name AMR 35. Of these, twelve were to be of a platoon command type, fitted with the AVIS-1 turret with a 7,5 mm machine gun and equipped with an ER1 radio set. The remaining eighty vehicles were to have a larger AVIS-2 turret with a 13.2 mm machine gun; 31 of the latter were also intended to be equipped with ER1 radio sets, though in 1937 it was decided to abandon this plan. Also eight radio command tanks were to be produced, which eventually would be called AMR 35 ADF 1, bringing the order to a total of hundred vehicles.

Paragraph 24: He went on to conduct metabolic studies related to the dietary standards, based on observations from  his work with Voit, who had used a Rubner respiration calorimeter to conduct similar experiments on small animals.  Together with Charles Ford Langworthy, they compiled a digest of close to 3,600 metabolic experiments as a primer to the research they would conduct. Atwater went on to work with Physicist Edward Bennett Rosa and Nutritionist Francis Gano Benedict to design the first direct calorimeter large enough to accommodate human subjects for a period of days.   The calorimeter, or human respiration apparatus, was built to precisely measure the energy provided by food. Atwater wanted to use it to study and compare the nutrient contents of different foods and how the human body consumes those nutrients under various conditions of rest and work.   The calorimeter measured human metabolism by analyzing the heat produced by a person performing certain physical activities; in 1896 they began the first of what would accumulate into close to 500 experiments. Through their experiments, they were able to create a system - which became known as the Atwater system, to measure the energy in units, known as food calories. With the machine, the dynamics of metabolism could be quantified and the relationship between food intake and energy output could be measured. "The experiments are made with a man inside a cabinet, or a respiration chamber, as it is called. It is in fact a box of copper incased [sic] in walls of zinc and wood. In this chamber he lives—eats, drinks, works, rests, and sleeps. There is a constant supply of fresh air for ventilation. The temperature is kept at the point most agreeable to the occupant. Within the chamber are a small folding cot-bed, a chair, and a table. In the daytime the bed is folded and laid aside, so as to leave room for the man to sit at the table or to walk to and fro. His promenade, however, is limited, the chamber being 7 feet long, 4 feet wide, and 6 feet high. Food and drink are passed into the chamber through an aperture which serves also for the removal of the solid and liquid excretory products, and the passing in and out of toilet materials, books, and other things required for comfort and convenience." His research was informed by the first law of thermodynamics, taking into account that energy can be transformed but it cannot be created or destroyed, despite the belief at the time that the law only applied to animals because humans were unique.  Earlier experiments concerning calorie intake and expenditure had proven that the first law applied to animals and Atwater's findings demonstrated the law applied to humans as well. Through the experiments he demonstrated that whatever amount of energy consumed by humans that could not be used was stored in the body.

Paragraph 25: Immediately before the presidential elections, Bozhenov appealed to the voters of the region in support of the program of one of the candidates. Although the name of the candidate was not mentioned, the characteristic rhetoric in favor of the inadmissibility of cardinal changes and the course towards stability, warnings against the dashing 90s clearly indicate campaigning in favor of Putin. After the failed Duma elections for United Russia, in the 2008 presidential election, Putin gained 63% in the region. As noted by a number of experts, the sharp change in the voting results is associated with the arrival of a new head of administration. Yevgeny Minchenko expressed the opinion that “Bozhenov is a master of organizing controlled voting”. So, for example, the opposition on the eve of the elections complained about the organization of voting at enterprises, a large number of absentee ballots (50 thousand versus 27 thousand for the president). In addition, the Volgograd Oblast became the leader in terms of the number of those who voted outside the premises for voting (the so-called "voting at home") - this right was used by 15% of voters who took part in the elections, or 193 thousand against 96 thousand in the Duma elections. As political analyst Aleksander Kynev notes, “The usual percentage of voting at home does not exceed 5-6% on average. If we are talking about tens of percent, this is already an obvious use of the administrative resource ”. It is interesting, for example, that in Alekseevsky district a third of voters voted outside the polling stations, and Putin's result was 85%, in Voroshilovsky district of Volgograd 10% of voters voted at home, Putin received 54% of the votes. On 11 March, Bozhenov handed over the keys to the new Toyota cars to the heads of the five districts in which Putin received the highest percentage in the elections. Meanwhile, on 23 March, the mayor of Mikhailovka, Gennady Kozhevnikov, was removed from office by a decree of Bozhenov. The official reason was the mayor's failure to comply with court decisions. At the same time, according to political scientist Konstantin Glushenko, Kozhevnikov's resignation may be directly related to the "failure" of voting in the presidential elections on March 4: 45.98% of voters voted for Vladimir Putin in Mikhailovka - this is the lowest rate in the region. The turnout was 58.6%. After that, Bozhenov began to lobby for a project to merge the city and the district of Mikhailovka.

Paragraph 26: 1992–93 was Mantha's final season as a player, for the AHL's Hershey Bears; he has since coached teams in the AHL (Hershey and the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks) and the ECHL's Columbus Chill. He coached the junior USA team out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, from 2000 to 2004. In 2005, Mantha was named as the head coach of the Detroit Gladiators of the new World Hockey Association, but the league never made it to the ice; instead, he served as head coach and general manager of the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) until he was terminated for gross misconduct during the Akim Aliu/Steve Downie hazing scandal that ultimately resulted in the Spitfires being fined $35,000 under Mantha’s tenure. Mantha then served as the general manager and head coach for the French River Rapids of the NOJHL. On February 16, 2016, he was named interim head coach of the Saginaw Spirit of the OHL, making his second trip behind the Spirit bench, replacing the recently fired Greg Gilbert. He was not retained at the end of that season. In 2017, he was hired as the head coach and general manager of the Brookings Blizzard in the North American Hockey League. The Blizzard retained Mantha for one season after it relocated as the St. Cloud Blizzard in 2019 before he retired in 2020.

Paragraph 27: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 28: Immediately before the presidential elections, Bozhenov appealed to the voters of the region in support of the program of one of the candidates. Although the name of the candidate was not mentioned, the characteristic rhetoric in favor of the inadmissibility of cardinal changes and the course towards stability, warnings against the dashing 90s clearly indicate campaigning in favor of Putin. After the failed Duma elections for United Russia, in the 2008 presidential election, Putin gained 63% in the region. As noted by a number of experts, the sharp change in the voting results is associated with the arrival of a new head of administration. Yevgeny Minchenko expressed the opinion that “Bozhenov is a master of organizing controlled voting”. So, for example, the opposition on the eve of the elections complained about the organization of voting at enterprises, a large number of absentee ballots (50 thousand versus 27 thousand for the president). In addition, the Volgograd Oblast became the leader in terms of the number of those who voted outside the premises for voting (the so-called "voting at home") - this right was used by 15% of voters who took part in the elections, or 193 thousand against 96 thousand in the Duma elections. As political analyst Aleksander Kynev notes, “The usual percentage of voting at home does not exceed 5-6% on average. If we are talking about tens of percent, this is already an obvious use of the administrative resource ”. It is interesting, for example, that in Alekseevsky district a third of voters voted outside the polling stations, and Putin's result was 85%, in Voroshilovsky district of Volgograd 10% of voters voted at home, Putin received 54% of the votes. On 11 March, Bozhenov handed over the keys to the new Toyota cars to the heads of the five districts in which Putin received the highest percentage in the elections. Meanwhile, on 23 March, the mayor of Mikhailovka, Gennady Kozhevnikov, was removed from office by a decree of Bozhenov. The official reason was the mayor's failure to comply with court decisions. At the same time, according to political scientist Konstantin Glushenko, Kozhevnikov's resignation may be directly related to the "failure" of voting in the presidential elections on March 4: 45.98% of voters voted for Vladimir Putin in Mikhailovka - this is the lowest rate in the region. The turnout was 58.6%. After that, Bozhenov began to lobby for a project to merge the city and the district of Mikhailovka.

Paragraph 29: Team Hole in the Wall is an athletic fundraising initiative managed by the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Amateur athletes join up to raise a specified amount of funds and receive entrance to a marathon, bike ride or other athletic event in support of seriously ill children served by The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp or one of its associated camps around the world. Established in 2005, Team Hole in the Wall offers entrance into more than two dozen marathons and cycling events, including the New York City Marathon, Boston Marathon and AngelRide cycling event in Connecticut. New Canaan resident and Newman's Own Vice President of Marketing Michael "Mike" Havard ran in the ING New York City Marathon prior to 2004, but in that year he decided to use his participation to raise funds for The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, raising nearly $40,000. The next year, he served as captain of the first Team Hole in the Wall team of 40 runners, raising $150,000. The number of Team Hole in the Wall members and events has risen each year since. In 2010, more than 1,800 Team Hole in the Wall members are expected to participate in 20 athletic events.

Paragraph 30: He went on to conduct metabolic studies related to the dietary standards, based on observations from  his work with Voit, who had used a Rubner respiration calorimeter to conduct similar experiments on small animals.  Together with Charles Ford Langworthy, they compiled a digest of close to 3,600 metabolic experiments as a primer to the research they would conduct. Atwater went on to work with Physicist Edward Bennett Rosa and Nutritionist Francis Gano Benedict to design the first direct calorimeter large enough to accommodate human subjects for a period of days.   The calorimeter, or human respiration apparatus, was built to precisely measure the energy provided by food. Atwater wanted to use it to study and compare the nutrient contents of different foods and how the human body consumes those nutrients under various conditions of rest and work.   The calorimeter measured human metabolism by analyzing the heat produced by a person performing certain physical activities; in 1896 they began the first of what would accumulate into close to 500 experiments. Through their experiments, they were able to create a system - which became known as the Atwater system, to measure the energy in units, known as food calories. With the machine, the dynamics of metabolism could be quantified and the relationship between food intake and energy output could be measured. "The experiments are made with a man inside a cabinet, or a respiration chamber, as it is called. It is in fact a box of copper incased [sic] in walls of zinc and wood. In this chamber he lives—eats, drinks, works, rests, and sleeps. There is a constant supply of fresh air for ventilation. The temperature is kept at the point most agreeable to the occupant. Within the chamber are a small folding cot-bed, a chair, and a table. In the daytime the bed is folded and laid aside, so as to leave room for the man to sit at the table or to walk to and fro. His promenade, however, is limited, the chamber being 7 feet long, 4 feet wide, and 6 feet high. Food and drink are passed into the chamber through an aperture which serves also for the removal of the solid and liquid excretory products, and the passing in and out of toilet materials, books, and other things required for comfort and convenience." His research was informed by the first law of thermodynamics, taking into account that energy can be transformed but it cannot be created or destroyed, despite the belief at the time that the law only applied to animals because humans were unique.  Earlier experiments concerning calorie intake and expenditure had proven that the first law applied to animals and Atwater's findings demonstrated the law applied to humans as well. Through the experiments he demonstrated that whatever amount of energy consumed by humans that could not be used was stored in the body.

Paragraph 31: Over 200 new cards have been added to the game with three tiers; Bio-Mechanical, Swarm, & Behemoth, launched on November 18, 2020. Brand new features such as Styles and Techniques were added to the game to give players an advantage when they play with the new addition to the game. A new currency was launched named "SuperCoins", replacing previous currency such as Team Battleground Points, Money in the Bank Contracts, and League Points. A new solo event mode was launched on December 3, 2020 named WarGames, named after NXT Takeover WarGames match, where usually two teams compete against each other inside a cage. In the event, there are 3 three rounds, in which you must take control of 3 rings at once, with the winner scoring the most points and a bonus addition of 20 points. WarGames has similar elements to Giants Unleashed, where you climb your way through the milestone rewards to obtain the event card, and elements of Road to Glory where both event modes have a set of points you must acquire to obtain the event card. Like most event modes, WarGames has a bout system, with a free bout occurring every 15 minutes. On January 20, 2021, WWE SuperCard launched a new tier named Royal Rumble '21 (titled after the pay-per-view of the same name) with over 150 new cards. Also, New Special Event Cards that have been released are special 3:16 Stone Cold Steve Austin Royal Rumble '21 Cards along with the coming of Royal Rumble '21 Fusion cards. Also, there has been a Legion Of Doom Leak in the Royal Rumble '21 Event Cards. On March 31, 2021, WWE SuperCard launched the WrestleMania 37 tier, along with a "dusting" feature that allows useless cards to be dusted to fill a points meter towards accessing a special draft board with 16 possible picks on a 4-x-4 draft board. Picks on the exclusive board are only at most 3 tiers below a player's Top 8 tier, with one card guaranteed as a pull of their tier, unless the player is WrestleMania 37-WrestleMania 37++, in which case the top cards which can be drawn are Royal Rumble '21. On May 6, 2021, a new event titled CodeBreaker (with similar elements to Last Man Standing, Giants Unleashed, and Clash of Champions) was established, with the first event card being Kane.  On June 9, 2021, WWE SuperCard launched the Forged tier, featuring over 70 cards. On August 11, 2021, WWE SuperCard released the SummerSlam '21 tier, with the first event card being The British Bulldog.

Paragraph 32: He went on to conduct metabolic studies related to the dietary standards, based on observations from  his work with Voit, who had used a Rubner respiration calorimeter to conduct similar experiments on small animals.  Together with Charles Ford Langworthy, they compiled a digest of close to 3,600 metabolic experiments as a primer to the research they would conduct. Atwater went on to work with Physicist Edward Bennett Rosa and Nutritionist Francis Gano Benedict to design the first direct calorimeter large enough to accommodate human subjects for a period of days.   The calorimeter, or human respiration apparatus, was built to precisely measure the energy provided by food. Atwater wanted to use it to study and compare the nutrient contents of different foods and how the human body consumes those nutrients under various conditions of rest and work.   The calorimeter measured human metabolism by analyzing the heat produced by a person performing certain physical activities; in 1896 they began the first of what would accumulate into close to 500 experiments. Through their experiments, they were able to create a system - which became known as the Atwater system, to measure the energy in units, known as food calories. With the machine, the dynamics of metabolism could be quantified and the relationship between food intake and energy output could be measured. "The experiments are made with a man inside a cabinet, or a respiration chamber, as it is called. It is in fact a box of copper incased [sic] in walls of zinc and wood. In this chamber he lives—eats, drinks, works, rests, and sleeps. There is a constant supply of fresh air for ventilation. The temperature is kept at the point most agreeable to the occupant. Within the chamber are a small folding cot-bed, a chair, and a table. In the daytime the bed is folded and laid aside, so as to leave room for the man to sit at the table or to walk to and fro. His promenade, however, is limited, the chamber being 7 feet long, 4 feet wide, and 6 feet high. Food and drink are passed into the chamber through an aperture which serves also for the removal of the solid and liquid excretory products, and the passing in and out of toilet materials, books, and other things required for comfort and convenience." His research was informed by the first law of thermodynamics, taking into account that energy can be transformed but it cannot be created or destroyed, despite the belief at the time that the law only applied to animals because humans were unique.  Earlier experiments concerning calorie intake and expenditure had proven that the first law applied to animals and Atwater's findings demonstrated the law applied to humans as well. Through the experiments he demonstrated that whatever amount of energy consumed by humans that could not be used was stored in the body.

Paragraph 33: During testing the maximum speed was shown to be an impressive 72 km/h. Weight was just 4.68 metric tonnes (to which a 0.25 tonne simulation weight was added), the average road speed 40.5 km/h. However, some cavalry officers pointed out that the Renault Nerva Stella was a sports car and its engine rather delicate and thus unsuited to the rigours of military service. They proposed to use a more robust Renault city bus engine instead. In March the second prototype, N° 79760, was also lengthened twenty centimetres and fitted with a Renault 432 22 CV four-cylinder bus engine. This vehicle, with a weight of 5.03 tonnes and a simulation weight of 0.75 tonnes, was tested between 3 and 11 April at Vincennes and attained a maximum speed of 63.794 km/h and an average speed of 35.35 km/h. A subsequent order of 92 for the second version with its more reliable engine was made on 3 July 1934. This type, replacing the AMR 33 in the production run, was to have the name AMR 35. Of these, twelve were to be of a platoon command type, fitted with the AVIS-1 turret with a 7,5 mm machine gun and equipped with an ER1 radio set. The remaining eighty vehicles were to have a larger AVIS-2 turret with a 13.2 mm machine gun; 31 of the latter were also intended to be equipped with ER1 radio sets, though in 1937 it was decided to abandon this plan. Also eight radio command tanks were to be produced, which eventually would be called AMR 35 ADF 1, bringing the order to a total of hundred vehicles.

Paragraph 34:  is the main protagonist of the BlazBlue series from Calamity Trigger to Central Fiction. Also known as the Grim Reaper, he is feared by the NOL for being the most powerful individual to have ever rebelled against them since the Ikaruga Civil War. His actions, which included destroying countless numbers of their branches, have labeled him the most wanted criminal and caused him to receive the largest bounty ever in the history of the NOL. He possesses a powerful form of ars magus called the Azure Grimoire, or simply referred to as the titular BlazBlue, which is often either the secondary or primary target of those after him and his bounty. His ultimate goal is to destroy the NOL, for he blames them for destroying his family. He is Jin Kisaragi's biological brother, whose rivalry with him stems from an incident that happened when their sister Saya was presumably killed. His right arm is mechanical because his real one was cut off by Terumi, who had taken control of Jin's mind. He was resurrected by Rachel as a dhampir, causing one of his green eyes to turn red and his once-blond hair to white. The BlazBlue he possesses is only a fragment of an imitation; the true Grimoire is actually destined to be wielded by Noel Vermillion. In Continuum Shift, Ragna is given the Idea Engine by a dying Lambda which enabled him to access the true Azure. He realizes that Saya is possessed by Izanami and decides to give up vengeance to protect his loved ones in Chrono Phantasma, and later in Central Fiction decides to protect the girl inside Amaterasu from the Entitled-people whose dreams are strong enough to remake the world. He and Jin (including his future-past counterpart Hakumen) soon learned that Noel/Mu can be used to recreate Saya, whose soul remains in her old body, possessed by Izanami. Once Noel and Mu merge, he helps Noel merge with Izanami and imprison her into her soul, recreating Saya. With the help of Jin and Trinity after Ragna separates the Susano'o armor from Terumi, Jin transports Ragna and Terumi to the Azure void where Ragna can kill him for good. Once all evils are finished, and after helping Noel merge with the Origin to free her from the Amaterasu Unit, Ragna's last act is to cast himself into the cauldron and remain outside the world, to make sure the Azure never falls into the wrong hands. As this act would erase himself from the memories of everybody in the story, he says goodbye to his beloved siblings and tells Amane that he has no regrets at all. Ragna disappears and leaves only his sword behind, which is later put to the hill where it is placed on a hill near Celica's church as a makeshift grave. Whether or not Ragna is truly unable to return to the world is unknown, as the final scene shows that his sword has been taken by somebody. He is also hinted not to be a natural-born human due to his unusual features, an idea that is confirmed in the final game when it is revealed he is the child of the fifth Prime Field Device. Ragna's weapon is called Blood-Scythe (ブラッドサイズ Buraddo Saizu), a giant sword that can extend into a scythe. His Drive, Soul Eater, enables him to absorb a portion of the damage dealt to replenish his health.

Paragraph 35: Viv begins raising money for children's charities, a drive which gains a higher profile when Ashley (John Middleton) and Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) lose their son Daniel to cot death. But the man she entrusts with the charity money, Freddie Yorke (Keith Woodason), takes it and vanishes. Viv and Bob go to the police but Viv implicates herself when she admits moving funds around. Viv and Bob try to keep the investigation a secret, but she is arrested at a party thrown for her at The Woolpack in honour of her charity efforts. Viv and Bob are charged with conspiracy to defraud and whenever Viv tries to clear her name, she makes matters worse. With the help of a private investigator, Viv finds Freddie, but he threatens her children's lives and physically attacks her, putting stolen money in her bag as a goodbye present before getting away. On 20 August 2008, after Donna nearly dies in a car accident whilst pursuing Freddie, Viv pleads guilty in court and is later sentenced to three years imprisonment. Her voice is later heard on a recording she makes of a bedtime story for Bob, Heath and Cathy. Viv appears briefly on 10 October, when Bob pretends to be a postman so he can see her. He does this when she is doing prison work, and Bob tells Viv he loves her. She is seen again on 16 October, when Bob pretends to be a drama teacher under the name of Terry Woods, to see Viv. He and Viv perform a piece of drama together where Bob explains to Viv about a man whose wife refuses to see him while she is in prison. This makes Viv cry as she tells Bob that the reason she does not want to see him was so he would remember her how she wanted him to and that her children could see her in her current predicament. Viv starts crying and reveals to everyone who "Terry" really is.

Paragraph 36: Bonner was born in Wichita, Kansas. He grew up in Wichita where his father practiced law and his mother was a school teacher. He credits his mother for infusing him with a strong commitment to public service. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree magna cum laude from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1963 and a Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center in 1966. He was a law clerk for Albert Lee Stephens, Jr. of the United States District Court for the Southern District of California from 1966 to 1967. He was on active duty in the United States Navy's Judge Advocate General Corps from 1967–1971, rising to the rank of Lieutenant Commander, USNR. During that time, he served for nearly two years on an aircraft carrier, the USS Franklin D. Roosevelt (CVA-42).  He was an Assistant United States Attorney for the Central District of California from 1971 to 1975, and then went into private practice in Los Angeles for nine years. Afterwards he became the United States Attorney for the same district in 1984. As a United States Attorney, he worked closely with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on two record-breaking money laundering cases, Operations Pisces and Polar Cap, led the prosecution team against the killers of a DEA special agent, and personally prosecuted the first FBI agent charged with espionage.

Paragraph 37:  is the main protagonist of the BlazBlue series from Calamity Trigger to Central Fiction. Also known as the Grim Reaper, he is feared by the NOL for being the most powerful individual to have ever rebelled against them since the Ikaruga Civil War. His actions, which included destroying countless numbers of their branches, have labeled him the most wanted criminal and caused him to receive the largest bounty ever in the history of the NOL. He possesses a powerful form of ars magus called the Azure Grimoire, or simply referred to as the titular BlazBlue, which is often either the secondary or primary target of those after him and his bounty. His ultimate goal is to destroy the NOL, for he blames them for destroying his family. He is Jin Kisaragi's biological brother, whose rivalry with him stems from an incident that happened when their sister Saya was presumably killed. His right arm is mechanical because his real one was cut off by Terumi, who had taken control of Jin's mind. He was resurrected by Rachel as a dhampir, causing one of his green eyes to turn red and his once-blond hair to white. The BlazBlue he possesses is only a fragment of an imitation; the true Grimoire is actually destined to be wielded by Noel Vermillion. In Continuum Shift, Ragna is given the Idea Engine by a dying Lambda which enabled him to access the true Azure. He realizes that Saya is possessed by Izanami and decides to give up vengeance to protect his loved ones in Chrono Phantasma, and later in Central Fiction decides to protect the girl inside Amaterasu from the Entitled-people whose dreams are strong enough to remake the world. He and Jin (including his future-past counterpart Hakumen) soon learned that Noel/Mu can be used to recreate Saya, whose soul remains in her old body, possessed by Izanami. Once Noel and Mu merge, he helps Noel merge with Izanami and imprison her into her soul, recreating Saya. With the help of Jin and Trinity after Ragna separates the Susano'o armor from Terumi, Jin transports Ragna and Terumi to the Azure void where Ragna can kill him for good. Once all evils are finished, and after helping Noel merge with the Origin to free her from the Amaterasu Unit, Ragna's last act is to cast himself into the cauldron and remain outside the world, to make sure the Azure never falls into the wrong hands. As this act would erase himself from the memories of everybody in the story, he says goodbye to his beloved siblings and tells Amane that he has no regrets at all. Ragna disappears and leaves only his sword behind, which is later put to the hill where it is placed on a hill near Celica's church as a makeshift grave. Whether or not Ragna is truly unable to return to the world is unknown, as the final scene shows that his sword has been taken by somebody. He is also hinted not to be a natural-born human due to his unusual features, an idea that is confirmed in the final game when it is revealed he is the child of the fifth Prime Field Device. Ragna's weapon is called Blood-Scythe (ブラッドサイズ Buraddo Saizu), a giant sword that can extend into a scythe. His Drive, Soul Eater, enables him to absorb a portion of the damage dealt to replenish his health.

Paragraph 38: Common side effects of leuprorelin injection include redness/burning/stinging/pain/bruising at the injection site, hot flashes (flushing), increased sweating, night sweats, tiredness, headache, upset stomach, nausea, diarrhea, impotence, testicular shrinkage, constipation, stomach pain, breast swelling or tenderness, acne, joint/muscle aches or pain, trouble sleeping (insomnia), reduced sexual interest, vaginal discomfort/dryness/itching/discharge, vaginal bleeding, swelling of the ankles/feet, increased urination at night, dizziness, breakthrough bleeding in a female child during the first two months of leuprorelin treatment, weakness, chills, clammy skin, skin redness, itching, or scaling, testicle pain, impotence, depression, or memory problems. The rates of gynecomastia with leuprorelin have been found to range from 3 to 16%.

Paragraph 39: During testing the maximum speed was shown to be an impressive 72 km/h. Weight was just 4.68 metric tonnes (to which a 0.25 tonne simulation weight was added), the average road speed 40.5 km/h. However, some cavalry officers pointed out that the Renault Nerva Stella was a sports car and its engine rather delicate and thus unsuited to the rigours of military service. They proposed to use a more robust Renault city bus engine instead. In March the second prototype, N° 79760, was also lengthened twenty centimetres and fitted with a Renault 432 22 CV four-cylinder bus engine. This vehicle, with a weight of 5.03 tonnes and a simulation weight of 0.75 tonnes, was tested between 3 and 11 April at Vincennes and attained a maximum speed of 63.794 km/h and an average speed of 35.35 km/h. A subsequent order of 92 for the second version with its more reliable engine was made on 3 July 1934. This type, replacing the AMR 33 in the production run, was to have the name AMR 35. Of these, twelve were to be of a platoon command type, fitted with the AVIS-1 turret with a 7,5 mm machine gun and equipped with an ER1 radio set. The remaining eighty vehicles were to have a larger AVIS-2 turret with a 13.2 mm machine gun; 31 of the latter were also intended to be equipped with ER1 radio sets, though in 1937 it was decided to abandon this plan. Also eight radio command tanks were to be produced, which eventually would be called AMR 35 ADF 1, bringing the order to a total of hundred vehicles.

Paragraph 40: Every other day for 10 days, the 220 participants attend 10-person workshops, where their writing is assessed by the faculty and others in the workshop, including Scholars and Fellows. Numerous readings, craft classes, events, and agent meetings are also included. Michael Collier, a poet and professor at the University of Maryland, College Park and director of the conference, told Seven Days newspaper of Vermont the event should not be confused with the more leisurely model of a writers' retreat. It's "designed for learning rather than for on-site writing." USA Today in an article on summer literary gatherings, said of Bread Loaf, "There is nowhere in America where you can hear more great writers reading more great work in such a short space of time." Seven Days notes that participants are warned to pace themselves to avoid exhaustion.

Paragraph 41: George Călinescu was born Gheorghe Vișan on 19 June 1899, the son of a housekeeper, Maria Vișan; the child was brought up by his mother's employers, Constantin Călinescu, a worker for Romanian State Railways, and his wife Maria, in their house in Bucharest. The Călinescu family, along with their housekeeper and the child, moved first to Botoșani, then to Iași, where Gheorghe Vișan, the future writer, matriculated at the școala "Carol I" (affiliated to the Boarding High School). In 1907, Maria Vișan accepted the Călinescus' offer to formally adopt her son, who then took the name Gheorghe Călinescu. This was his real name until his death, but, because he used the pen name G. Călinescu, after his death an apocryphal, wrong, "George Călinescu" name was forged by the common use. As a child Călinescu did not know who his real mother was. Finding out that the housekeeper that he used to humiliate was his real mother caused him a psychological trauma. He tried to hide his real origins for the rest of his life.

Paragraph 42: Thakur Kiran Singh (Arun Govil) is the nephew of Thakur Shamsher Singh (Shammi Kapoor). Thakur Kiran Singh's father was killed by Baadal's (Mithun Chakraborty) father who is also dead, over a piece of land on which Baadal's family lives and refuses to sell. Thakur Kiran Singh and Baadal constantly threaten and provoke each other. Thakur Kiran Singh's cousin Meenakshi, (Poonam Dhillon) daughter of Thakur Shamsher Singh meets Baadal in a bus hijacking on her way home from college. Baadal saves her from dacoits and Meenakshi becomes friends with him. When Thakur Kiran Singh goes to collect her she becomes curious about Kiran's cold behaviour towards Baadal. When Meenakshi mentions this to Thakur Shamsher Singh he tells her Kiran is right, which leaves more questions. Kamini Singh (Madhu Kapoor), who is Kiran's wife and Meenakshi's sister-in-law tells her that Baadal's father is responsible for  the death of Kiran's father. Meenakshi believes this enmity should end with the death of  both fathers and continues to meet Baadal secretly and falls in love. When Kiran finds out he is enraged and gets into a fight with Baadal and is almost killed by Baadal swinging an axe at him. Meenakshi jumps in front of him and begs Baadal to spare his life for her sake. Baadal threatens that he only spared Kiran because of Meenakshi and next time he will kill him. Kamini's brother Vikram Singh (Shakti Kapoor) comes to visit and has witnessed Baadal and Meenakshi together and tells Kamini everything and suggests he marry Meenakshi to stop this. Kamini asks Kiran who agrees and speaks to Thakur Shamsher Singh about the marriage. Soon they start planning the wedding but Baadal turns up and professes his love for Meenakshi. Enraged Meenakshi's family have him beaten up. Meenakshi goes to his home to help dress his wounds and apologizes for her family. Kiran accuses Shamsher Singh of loving his daughter so much that he has put her happiness above his aim to revenge his brother's death. Shamsher Singh realizes he must not allow Meenakshi to see Baadal. Meenakshi goes to the mandir and tells Baadal they cannot be together as their families will never allow it. Baadal puts sindoor in her hair and says that they are now married. On raksha bandhan Kiran asks Meenakshi what she wants as a gift. Meenakshi says she wants him to protect her husband and that he must choose between his revenge for his father's death and his love for his sister. Kiran leaves the house to speak with Baadal. Kamini goes to Vikram to tie a rakhi and tells him that Kiran has gone to compromise with Baadal. Vikram says he cannot let this happen as it will ruin his plans to grab all of Thakur Shamsher Singh's wealth. Kiran realises Baadal loves Meenakshi and is not using her as he thought before. Kiran hugs Baadal and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband. Vikram who has been watching secretly fires a gunshot to kill Baadal. Kiran sees and throws himself in the way and gets shot. Vikram runs away while Baadal tries to chase him to see who it is. When he sees Kiran dying he holds him in his arms. Kiran asks Baadal to tell Meenakshi he is sorry he could not be at their wedding. Vikram goes to meet Kiran's family asking where he is as Kiran has invited him home for dinner. Baadal carries Kiran's body back to his family where all of them including Meenakshi hold him responsible for Kiran's death. The police take charge and Baadal is sentenced to life imprisonment. As he is talking to Shamsher Singh, he recognizes Vikram's shoes as the killer's shoes and reveals the truth. Baadal is sent to jail as nobody believes him and he escapes to confront Vikram. He arrives in time to save Vikram's maid from being killed by him and she runs to tell Shamsher Singh to stop the wedding. They all arrive at Vikram's house to find it on fire with both men fighting inside. Vikram walks out towards Meenakshi and drops to the floor revealing an arrow on his back. Baadal comes out and hugs Meenakshi. Shamsher Singh apologizes to Baadal for misunderstanding him and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband.

Paragraph 43: During testing the maximum speed was shown to be an impressive 72 km/h. Weight was just 4.68 metric tonnes (to which a 0.25 tonne simulation weight was added), the average road speed 40.5 km/h. However, some cavalry officers pointed out that the Renault Nerva Stella was a sports car and its engine rather delicate and thus unsuited to the rigours of military service. They proposed to use a more robust Renault city bus engine instead. In March the second prototype, N° 79760, was also lengthened twenty centimetres and fitted with a Renault 432 22 CV four-cylinder bus engine. This vehicle, with a weight of 5.03 tonnes and a simulation weight of 0.75 tonnes, was tested between 3 and 11 April at Vincennes and attained a maximum speed of 63.794 km/h and an average speed of 35.35 km/h. A subsequent order of 92 for the second version with its more reliable engine was made on 3 July 1934. This type, replacing the AMR 33 in the production run, was to have the name AMR 35. Of these, twelve were to be of a platoon command type, fitted with the AVIS-1 turret with a 7,5 mm machine gun and equipped with an ER1 radio set. The remaining eighty vehicles were to have a larger AVIS-2 turret with a 13.2 mm machine gun; 31 of the latter were also intended to be equipped with ER1 radio sets, though in 1937 it was decided to abandon this plan. Also eight radio command tanks were to be produced, which eventually would be called AMR 35 ADF 1, bringing the order to a total of hundred vehicles.

Paragraph 44: Like Cavite City (originally called Cavite La Punta) and Noveleta (La Tierra Alta), Imus used to be a part of Cavite el Viejo (now Kawit), whose parish church was built by the Jesuits during the administration of Archdiocese of Manila Archbishop Miguel Garcia Serrano, 1618–1629. For more than a century and a half the people of Imus had to endure walking or traveling  of dirt road to attend religious services or transact official business in the city proper. The difficulty of communication between Imus and Cavite el Viejo was a long-standing complaint of the Imuseños until another religious order, the Augustinian Recollects, as a consequence of the British occupation of Manila in 1762, established a parish church in Imus, in what is now known as Bayang Luma.

Paragraph 45: Asynchronous learning is a general term used to describe forms of education, instruction, and learning that do not occur in the same place or at the same time. It uses resources that facilitate information sharing outside the constraints of time and place among a network of people. In many instances, well-constructed asynchronous learning is based on constructivist theory, a student-centered approach that emphasizes the importance of peer-to-peer interactions. This approach combines self-study with asynchronous interactions to promote learning, and it can be used to facilitate learning in traditional on-campus education, distance education, and continuing education. This combined network of learners and the electronic network in which they communicate are referred to as an asynchronous learning network.

Paragraph 46: Thakur Kiran Singh (Arun Govil) is the nephew of Thakur Shamsher Singh (Shammi Kapoor). Thakur Kiran Singh's father was killed by Baadal's (Mithun Chakraborty) father who is also dead, over a piece of land on which Baadal's family lives and refuses to sell. Thakur Kiran Singh and Baadal constantly threaten and provoke each other. Thakur Kiran Singh's cousin Meenakshi, (Poonam Dhillon) daughter of Thakur Shamsher Singh meets Baadal in a bus hijacking on her way home from college. Baadal saves her from dacoits and Meenakshi becomes friends with him. When Thakur Kiran Singh goes to collect her she becomes curious about Kiran's cold behaviour towards Baadal. When Meenakshi mentions this to Thakur Shamsher Singh he tells her Kiran is right, which leaves more questions. Kamini Singh (Madhu Kapoor), who is Kiran's wife and Meenakshi's sister-in-law tells her that Baadal's father is responsible for  the death of Kiran's father. Meenakshi believes this enmity should end with the death of  both fathers and continues to meet Baadal secretly and falls in love. When Kiran finds out he is enraged and gets into a fight with Baadal and is almost killed by Baadal swinging an axe at him. Meenakshi jumps in front of him and begs Baadal to spare his life for her sake. Baadal threatens that he only spared Kiran because of Meenakshi and next time he will kill him. Kamini's brother Vikram Singh (Shakti Kapoor) comes to visit and has witnessed Baadal and Meenakshi together and tells Kamini everything and suggests he marry Meenakshi to stop this. Kamini asks Kiran who agrees and speaks to Thakur Shamsher Singh about the marriage. Soon they start planning the wedding but Baadal turns up and professes his love for Meenakshi. Enraged Meenakshi's family have him beaten up. Meenakshi goes to his home to help dress his wounds and apologizes for her family. Kiran accuses Shamsher Singh of loving his daughter so much that he has put her happiness above his aim to revenge his brother's death. Shamsher Singh realizes he must not allow Meenakshi to see Baadal. Meenakshi goes to the mandir and tells Baadal they cannot be together as their families will never allow it. Baadal puts sindoor in her hair and says that they are now married. On raksha bandhan Kiran asks Meenakshi what she wants as a gift. Meenakshi says she wants him to protect her husband and that he must choose between his revenge for his father's death and his love for his sister. Kiran leaves the house to speak with Baadal. Kamini goes to Vikram to tie a rakhi and tells him that Kiran has gone to compromise with Baadal. Vikram says he cannot let this happen as it will ruin his plans to grab all of Thakur Shamsher Singh's wealth. Kiran realises Baadal loves Meenakshi and is not using her as he thought before. Kiran hugs Baadal and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband. Vikram who has been watching secretly fires a gunshot to kill Baadal. Kiran sees and throws himself in the way and gets shot. Vikram runs away while Baadal tries to chase him to see who it is. When he sees Kiran dying he holds him in his arms. Kiran asks Baadal to tell Meenakshi he is sorry he could not be at their wedding. Vikram goes to meet Kiran's family asking where he is as Kiran has invited him home for dinner. Baadal carries Kiran's body back to his family where all of them including Meenakshi hold him responsible for Kiran's death. The police take charge and Baadal is sentenced to life imprisonment. As he is talking to Shamsher Singh, he recognizes Vikram's shoes as the killer's shoes and reveals the truth. Baadal is sent to jail as nobody believes him and he escapes to confront Vikram. He arrives in time to save Vikram's maid from being killed by him and she runs to tell Shamsher Singh to stop the wedding. They all arrive at Vikram's house to find it on fire with both men fighting inside. Vikram walks out towards Meenakshi and drops to the floor revealing an arrow on his back. Baadal comes out and hugs Meenakshi. Shamsher Singh apologizes to Baadal for misunderstanding him and accepts him as Meenakshi's husband.

Paragraph 47: He went on to conduct metabolic studies related to the dietary standards, based on observations from  his work with Voit, who had used a Rubner respiration calorimeter to conduct similar experiments on small animals.  Together with Charles Ford Langworthy, they compiled a digest of close to 3,600 metabolic experiments as a primer to the research they would conduct. Atwater went on to work with Physicist Edward Bennett Rosa and Nutritionist Francis Gano Benedict to design the first direct calorimeter large enough to accommodate human subjects for a period of days.   The calorimeter, or human respiration apparatus, was built to precisely measure the energy provided by food. Atwater wanted to use it to study and compare the nutrient contents of different foods and how the human body consumes those nutrients under various conditions of rest and work.   The calorimeter measured human metabolism by analyzing the heat produced by a person performing certain physical activities; in 1896 they began the first of what would accumulate into close to 500 experiments. Through their experiments, they were able to create a system - which became known as the Atwater system, to measure the energy in units, known as food calories. With the machine, the dynamics of metabolism could be quantified and the relationship between food intake and energy output could be measured. "The experiments are made with a man inside a cabinet, or a respiration chamber, as it is called. It is in fact a box of copper incased [sic] in walls of zinc and wood. In this chamber he lives—eats, drinks, works, rests, and sleeps. There is a constant supply of fresh air for ventilation. The temperature is kept at the point most agreeable to the occupant. Within the chamber are a small folding cot-bed, a chair, and a table. In the daytime the bed is folded and laid aside, so as to leave room for the man to sit at the table or to walk to and fro. His promenade, however, is limited, the chamber being 7 feet long, 4 feet wide, and 6 feet high. Food and drink are passed into the chamber through an aperture which serves also for the removal of the solid and liquid excretory products, and the passing in and out of toilet materials, books, and other things required for comfort and convenience." His research was informed by the first law of thermodynamics, taking into account that energy can be transformed but it cannot be created or destroyed, despite the belief at the time that the law only applied to animals because humans were unique.  Earlier experiments concerning calorie intake and expenditure had proven that the first law applied to animals and Atwater's findings demonstrated the law applied to humans as well. Through the experiments he demonstrated that whatever amount of energy consumed by humans that could not be used was stored in the body.

Paragraph 48: Immediately before the presidential elections, Bozhenov appealed to the voters of the region in support of the program of one of the candidates. Although the name of the candidate was not mentioned, the characteristic rhetoric in favor of the inadmissibility of cardinal changes and the course towards stability, warnings against the dashing 90s clearly indicate campaigning in favor of Putin. After the failed Duma elections for United Russia, in the 2008 presidential election, Putin gained 63% in the region. As noted by a number of experts, the sharp change in the voting results is associated with the arrival of a new head of administration. Yevgeny Minchenko expressed the opinion that “Bozhenov is a master of organizing controlled voting”. So, for example, the opposition on the eve of the elections complained about the organization of voting at enterprises, a large number of absentee ballots (50 thousand versus 27 thousand for the president). In addition, the Volgograd Oblast became the leader in terms of the number of those who voted outside the premises for voting (the so-called "voting at home") - this right was used by 15% of voters who took part in the elections, or 193 thousand against 96 thousand in the Duma elections. As political analyst Aleksander Kynev notes, “The usual percentage of voting at home does not exceed 5-6% on average. If we are talking about tens of percent, this is already an obvious use of the administrative resource ”. It is interesting, for example, that in Alekseevsky district a third of voters voted outside the polling stations, and Putin's result was 85%, in Voroshilovsky district of Volgograd 10% of voters voted at home, Putin received 54% of the votes. On 11 March, Bozhenov handed over the keys to the new Toyota cars to the heads of the five districts in which Putin received the highest percentage in the elections. Meanwhile, on 23 March, the mayor of Mikhailovka, Gennady Kozhevnikov, was removed from office by a decree of Bozhenov. The official reason was the mayor's failure to comply with court decisions. At the same time, according to political scientist Konstantin Glushenko, Kozhevnikov's resignation may be directly related to the "failure" of voting in the presidential elections on March 4: 45.98% of voters voted for Vladimir Putin in Mikhailovka - this is the lowest rate in the region. The turnout was 58.6%. After that, Bozhenov began to lobby for a project to merge the city and the district of Mikhailovka.

Paragraph 49: During testing the maximum speed was shown to be an impressive 72 km/h. Weight was just 4.68 metric tonnes (to which a 0.25 tonne simulation weight was added), the average road speed 40.5 km/h. However, some cavalry officers pointed out that the Renault Nerva Stella was a sports car and its engine rather delicate and thus unsuited to the rigours of military service. They proposed to use a more robust Renault city bus engine instead. In March the second prototype, N° 79760, was also lengthened twenty centimetres and fitted with a Renault 432 22 CV four-cylinder bus engine. This vehicle, with a weight of 5.03 tonnes and a simulation weight of 0.75 tonnes, was tested between 3 and 11 April at Vincennes and attained a maximum speed of 63.794 km/h and an average speed of 35.35 km/h. A subsequent order of 92 for the second version with its more reliable engine was made on 3 July 1934. This type, replacing the AMR 33 in the production run, was to have the name AMR 35. Of these, twelve were to be of a platoon command type, fitted with the AVIS-1 turret with a 7,5 mm machine gun and equipped with an ER1 radio set. The remaining eighty vehicles were to have a larger AVIS-2 turret with a 13.2 mm machine gun; 31 of the latter were also intended to be equipped with ER1 radio sets, though in 1937 it was decided to abandon this plan. Also eight radio command tanks were to be produced, which eventually would be called AMR 35 ADF 1, bringing the order to a total of hundred vehicles.