Paragraph 1: It shows first that it is an inherent consequence of accession to the Treaty of Rome that this House and Parliament will lose their legislative supremacy. It will no longer be true that law in this country is made only by or with the authority of Parliament...The second consequence... is that this House loses its exclusive control – upon which its power and authority has been built over the centuries – over taxation and expenditure. In future, if we become part of the Community, moneys received in taxation from the citizens of this country will be spent otherwise than upon a vote of this House and without the opportunity... to debate grievance and to call for an account of the way in which those moneys are to be spent. For the first time for centuries it will be true to say that the people of this country are not taxed only upon the authority of the House of Commons. The third consequence... is that the judicial independence of this country has to be given up. In future, if we join the Community, the citizens of this country will not only be subject to laws made elsewhere but the applicability of those laws to them will be adjudicated upon elsewhere; and the law made elsewhere and the adjudication elsewhere will override the law which is made here and the decisions of the courts of this realm.

Paragraph 2: Two declassified CIA documents reveal such a discussion of assassination of the Guatemalans. The first document, from March 1954 refers to a list requested by an unknown CIA official of government officials, members of the Communist Party, and others "of tactical importance whose removal for psychological, organizational or others reasons is mandatory for the success of military action" and asks for a final list to be narrowed down for "disposal" by the Junta group, though the names of any individuals, CIA, Guatemalan, or otherwise, were withheld. The conditions for selecting names to add to the list were broken down into three conditions: the target had to be, a Communist driven politician who was not outwardly supportive of Communism, a public Communist whose elimination was necessary for the success of the future government, or a military target whose elimination was necessary for certain military actions. The memorandum was addressed to "All Staff Officers,"and included instructions for its circulation, requesting input ("Your careful consideration is requested in making additions or deletions"), so that the "planning [could] proceed on schedule." Psychological warfare was also brought upon the individuals on this list. Mourning cards were used in an attempt to scare off the communist leaders and supporters.  These cards threatened communist political figures and were meant to foreshadow their assassinations.  The dissident leaders wanted to take the psychological warfare in a more violent direction at one point, recommending that eliminating a top communist official would help the resistance movement. The CIA advised against this and said that it would not be beneficial to resistance and that it would "set off wholesale reprisals". The second document from an unspecified date (though after February 1952, according to point 2) introduces a list of "Guatemalan Communist Personnel to be disposed of [...] by Calligeris." The list was split into two categories, Category I and Category II, Category I was a list of people to be taken out by means of executive action and Category II which was individuals selected to be imprisoned or exiled. Of the two categories, 58 individuals (names withheld) to be disposed of through "Executive action" and 74 individuals to be imprisoned or exiled. A description of this second document found on the National Security Archive webpage by Kate Doyle and Peter Kornbluh notes that the "Executive action" for members of the first category likely means "killed"; however, this information cannot be verified through these documents.  This description also states that "Calligeris" was the code-name given to Castillo Armas by the CIA. The Guatemalan exiles that were trained in Honduras were led by Carlos Armas and later Carlos Diaz agreed to lead the group against Arbenz. Castillo Armas' CIA-supported force entered Guatemala on June 16, 1954.

Paragraph 3: In the year of 1193, Richard the "Lionheart", King of England, led the third Great Crusade to reclaim the Holy Land from the Turks. After the battle, on their return home to England, Richard and his Knights are captured by the forces of Austria's Emperor, and held prisoners of war in the castle of Austria. In the castle dungeon, the knights are being tortured to tell the Austrians the location of King Richard's treasure. But the knights reply "there is no treasure". The guards don't believe them. Then one of the English knights, Tancred, tells the head-guard that they do have one treasure that all of England will pay for - "King Richard" himself! The head-guard understands what he means - "a ransom.” Tancred agrees to return to England, to collect the ransom, telling the guard that Richard's brother Prince John will pay dearly for the king's freedom. The guard orders Tancred to tell the prince to raise "100,000 gold crowns.” He tells him when the Austrians have the money, King Richard and his Knights will be free and have their passage home. He gives Tancred three months; if he doesn't get the ransom in time, the Austrians will start killing his fellow knights. Of course, the knight chained close to Tancred believes the part about Prince John paying for King Richard's ransom to be false. The knight's name is Ivanhoe. As the guards release Tancred to return to England, looking the other way, Ivanhoe sees a sword close to him, kicks it into the air, and grabs it. The head-guard looks back and rushed over to Ivanhoe, but he stabs him, and freed himself. One of the other knights asks Ivanhoe release him, too, but the other knights warn Ivanhoe of the guards coming. As the two knights fight their way out, they say that Prince John will never pay Richard's ransom, and that Tancred will betray them all. Then one of the guards shoots the brave knight in the chest with a crossbow. He tells Ivanhoe, "King Richard must be ransomed! England must be saved! Go, Ivanhoe! Go!" Ivanhoe kills the guard, and runs out the door. He escapes on a horse, and rides off west, towards England. Ivanhoe returns home a month later, planning to return to his family home to make peace with his father, raise the ransom, and restore King Richard to the throne of England.

Paragraph 4: The unusual length of Ashi's activity, his undeniable high standing, his learning, as well as the favorable circumstances of the day, were all of potent influence in furthering the task he undertook; namely, that of sifting and collecting the material accumulated for two centuries by the Babylonian academies. The final editing of the literary work which this labour produced did not, it is true, take place until somewhat later; but tradition rightly names Ashi as the originator of the Babylonian Talmud. Indeed, Ashi's editorial work received many later additions and amplifications; but the form underwent no material modification. The Babylonian Talmud must be considered the work of the Academy of Sura, because Ashi submitted to each of the semiannual general assemblies of the academy, treatise by treatise, the results of his examination and selection, and invited discussion upon them. His work was continued and perfected, and probably reduced to writing, by succeeding heads of the Sura Academy, who preserved the fruit of his labors in those sad times of persecution which, shortly after his death, were the lot of the Jews of Babylonia. These misfortunes were undoubtedly the immediate cause of the publication of the Talmud as a complete work; and from the Academy of Sura was issued that unique literary effort which was destined to occupy such an extraordinary position in Judaism. Ravina II (R. Abina), a teacher in Sura, is considered by tradition the last amora; and the year of his death (812 of the Seleucidan, or 500 of the Common Era) is considered the date of the close of the Talmud. After his death the Jewish center moved to Pumbedita, where Raba Yossi was the head of the academy. Sura declined in this period as the Jews were persecuted. In Pumbedita the study continued and the academy became the leading one in Babylonia.

Paragraph 5: In the year of 1193, Richard the "Lionheart", King of England, led the third Great Crusade to reclaim the Holy Land from the Turks. After the battle, on their return home to England, Richard and his Knights are captured by the forces of Austria's Emperor, and held prisoners of war in the castle of Austria. In the castle dungeon, the knights are being tortured to tell the Austrians the location of King Richard's treasure. But the knights reply "there is no treasure". The guards don't believe them. Then one of the English knights, Tancred, tells the head-guard that they do have one treasure that all of England will pay for - "King Richard" himself! The head-guard understands what he means - "a ransom.” Tancred agrees to return to England, to collect the ransom, telling the guard that Richard's brother Prince John will pay dearly for the king's freedom. The guard orders Tancred to tell the prince to raise "100,000 gold crowns.” He tells him when the Austrians have the money, King Richard and his Knights will be free and have their passage home. He gives Tancred three months; if he doesn't get the ransom in time, the Austrians will start killing his fellow knights. Of course, the knight chained close to Tancred believes the part about Prince John paying for King Richard's ransom to be false. The knight's name is Ivanhoe. As the guards release Tancred to return to England, looking the other way, Ivanhoe sees a sword close to him, kicks it into the air, and grabs it. The head-guard looks back and rushed over to Ivanhoe, but he stabs him, and freed himself. One of the other knights asks Ivanhoe release him, too, but the other knights warn Ivanhoe of the guards coming. As the two knights fight their way out, they say that Prince John will never pay Richard's ransom, and that Tancred will betray them all. Then one of the guards shoots the brave knight in the chest with a crossbow. He tells Ivanhoe, "King Richard must be ransomed! England must be saved! Go, Ivanhoe! Go!" Ivanhoe kills the guard, and runs out the door. He escapes on a horse, and rides off west, towards England. Ivanhoe returns home a month later, planning to return to his family home to make peace with his father, raise the ransom, and restore King Richard to the throne of England.

Paragraph 6: The unusual length of Ashi's activity, his undeniable high standing, his learning, as well as the favorable circumstances of the day, were all of potent influence in furthering the task he undertook; namely, that of sifting and collecting the material accumulated for two centuries by the Babylonian academies. The final editing of the literary work which this labour produced did not, it is true, take place until somewhat later; but tradition rightly names Ashi as the originator of the Babylonian Talmud. Indeed, Ashi's editorial work received many later additions and amplifications; but the form underwent no material modification. The Babylonian Talmud must be considered the work of the Academy of Sura, because Ashi submitted to each of the semiannual general assemblies of the academy, treatise by treatise, the results of his examination and selection, and invited discussion upon them. His work was continued and perfected, and probably reduced to writing, by succeeding heads of the Sura Academy, who preserved the fruit of his labors in those sad times of persecution which, shortly after his death, were the lot of the Jews of Babylonia. These misfortunes were undoubtedly the immediate cause of the publication of the Talmud as a complete work; and from the Academy of Sura was issued that unique literary effort which was destined to occupy such an extraordinary position in Judaism. Ravina II (R. Abina), a teacher in Sura, is considered by tradition the last amora; and the year of his death (812 of the Seleucidan, or 500 of the Common Era) is considered the date of the close of the Talmud. After his death the Jewish center moved to Pumbedita, where Raba Yossi was the head of the academy. Sura declined in this period as the Jews were persecuted. In Pumbedita the study continued and the academy became the leading one in Babylonia.

Paragraph 7: The station added a morning show hosted by Gail Ann Huber (a Buffalo radio veteran with experience at WECK, WHTT, and WYRK) and Bob Stilson (formerly at WBEN and WKBW-TV). Other WEBR hosts at the time of launch included Tom Darro (carrying over his talk show from WJJL), original 1970s-era WEBR jockey Jack Horohoe with the "Midday Coffee," and Barry Lillis with the "Make Believe Dance Floor." (Lillis, a WJJL alumnus most famous for his work as WGRZ's weather anchor, returned to broadcasting after over 20 years out of the field). Horohoe unexpectedly died a few months into his second tenure on the station, while Lillis left the station after one year. (He stated that the format tweak that year, while he was "OK" with the music change, had also led to him losing creative control over his show; he was unwilling to voice-track a show in which he had incorporated audience interaction and theater of the mind.) Lillis would return in a weekend position in late 2022. WHTT jock Tony Venturoli joined the station shortly after Lillis's departure, hosting a classic hits themed block. Al Wallack, who hosted Jazz in the Nighttime on the original WEBR, reprised the show on Sunday afternoons on the current incarnation during its first few months of operation. Huber left the station near the end of 2022, with Kelly Wahl taking over afternoon drive. Dave Gillen, whose credits include time at 102.5 WTSS and co-founding the World's Largest Disco, served as program director and fill-in host. Gillen departed the station amid controversy and a lawsuit by former operations manager Nancy Freeman, who accused Gillen of sexual harassment and WEBR of retaliating against her. Additional programming included a weekly 80s music show hosted by former WTSS evening jock John Anthony (essentially a transplant of Anthony's WTSS show "The 80s at 8" in a different time slot), former WECK program director J.R. Russ's syndicated "Movie Ticket Radio", the Polish American Program with Andy Golebiowski (a show featuring Polish music that deliberately avoids the polka heard on other Buffalo stations' Polish shows), and some scattered brokered talk and public affairs programming.

Paragraph 8: The station added a morning show hosted by Gail Ann Huber (a Buffalo radio veteran with experience at WECK, WHTT, and WYRK) and Bob Stilson (formerly at WBEN and WKBW-TV). Other WEBR hosts at the time of launch included Tom Darro (carrying over his talk show from WJJL), original 1970s-era WEBR jockey Jack Horohoe with the "Midday Coffee," and Barry Lillis with the "Make Believe Dance Floor." (Lillis, a WJJL alumnus most famous for his work as WGRZ's weather anchor, returned to broadcasting after over 20 years out of the field). Horohoe unexpectedly died a few months into his second tenure on the station, while Lillis left the station after one year. (He stated that the format tweak that year, while he was "OK" with the music change, had also led to him losing creative control over his show; he was unwilling to voice-track a show in which he had incorporated audience interaction and theater of the mind.) Lillis would return in a weekend position in late 2022. WHTT jock Tony Venturoli joined the station shortly after Lillis's departure, hosting a classic hits themed block. Al Wallack, who hosted Jazz in the Nighttime on the original WEBR, reprised the show on Sunday afternoons on the current incarnation during its first few months of operation. Huber left the station near the end of 2022, with Kelly Wahl taking over afternoon drive. Dave Gillen, whose credits include time at 102.5 WTSS and co-founding the World's Largest Disco, served as program director and fill-in host. Gillen departed the station amid controversy and a lawsuit by former operations manager Nancy Freeman, who accused Gillen of sexual harassment and WEBR of retaliating against her. Additional programming included a weekly 80s music show hosted by former WTSS evening jock John Anthony (essentially a transplant of Anthony's WTSS show "The 80s at 8" in a different time slot), former WECK program director J.R. Russ's syndicated "Movie Ticket Radio", the Polish American Program with Andy Golebiowski (a show featuring Polish music that deliberately avoids the polka heard on other Buffalo stations' Polish shows), and some scattered brokered talk and public affairs programming.

Paragraph 9: In the year of 1193, Richard the "Lionheart", King of England, led the third Great Crusade to reclaim the Holy Land from the Turks. After the battle, on their return home to England, Richard and his Knights are captured by the forces of Austria's Emperor, and held prisoners of war in the castle of Austria. In the castle dungeon, the knights are being tortured to tell the Austrians the location of King Richard's treasure. But the knights reply "there is no treasure". The guards don't believe them. Then one of the English knights, Tancred, tells the head-guard that they do have one treasure that all of England will pay for - "King Richard" himself! The head-guard understands what he means - "a ransom.” Tancred agrees to return to England, to collect the ransom, telling the guard that Richard's brother Prince John will pay dearly for the king's freedom. The guard orders Tancred to tell the prince to raise "100,000 gold crowns.” He tells him when the Austrians have the money, King Richard and his Knights will be free and have their passage home. He gives Tancred three months; if he doesn't get the ransom in time, the Austrians will start killing his fellow knights. Of course, the knight chained close to Tancred believes the part about Prince John paying for King Richard's ransom to be false. The knight's name is Ivanhoe. As the guards release Tancred to return to England, looking the other way, Ivanhoe sees a sword close to him, kicks it into the air, and grabs it. The head-guard looks back and rushed over to Ivanhoe, but he stabs him, and freed himself. One of the other knights asks Ivanhoe release him, too, but the other knights warn Ivanhoe of the guards coming. As the two knights fight their way out, they say that Prince John will never pay Richard's ransom, and that Tancred will betray them all. Then one of the guards shoots the brave knight in the chest with a crossbow. He tells Ivanhoe, "King Richard must be ransomed! England must be saved! Go, Ivanhoe! Go!" Ivanhoe kills the guard, and runs out the door. He escapes on a horse, and rides off west, towards England. Ivanhoe returns home a month later, planning to return to his family home to make peace with his father, raise the ransom, and restore King Richard to the throne of England.

Paragraph 10: Benfieldside is a parish in County Durham, in England. Although not a village in its own right (ecclesiastically it incorporates Shotley Bridge, Bridgehill and much of Blackhill), it is signposted and locally known. From a governance point of view it is a ward of Consett with a population taken at the 2011 census of 6,637.  The name 'Benfieldside' survives in Benfieldside Road, a school of that name, the local tennis club and the church. Its post office no longer exists, though one remains in the village of Shotley Bridge. The Parish Church is dedicated to St. Cuthbert and is situated on Church Bank. The area is situated directly to the north of Consett, to which it is effectively attached.

Paragraph 11: Early farming in the state was primarily concentrated near the coast, and the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta in the Central Valley. Winter wheat was an early crop that grew well without irrigation if planted in the fall and harvested in the spring. By the 1880s extensive grape fields for producing wine were being planted in many areas in California. Many of the vine stock originally came from France and other parts of Europe. Starting in the late 1880s, Chinese workers and other laborers were used to construct hundreds of miles of levees throughout the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta's waterways in an effort to control flooding, reclaim and preserve flooded land that could be converted into farmland. This area now often grows extensive rice crops. Subsequent irrigation projects have brought many more parts of the Central Valley into productive agriculture use. The Central Valley Project, formed in 1935 to redistribute water from northern California to the Central valley and Southern California helped develop more of the Central Valley.  Water for agricultural and municipal purposes was captured in the spring from snow melt in the Sierra Nevada (U.S.) and stored for later irrigation use with an extensive system of dams and canals. The even larger California State Water Project was formed in the 1950s, consisting of the California Aqueduct and its ancillary dams.  The California Aqueduct, developed at the cost of several billion dollars, helps store and transport water from the Feather River Basin to agricultural and municipal users statewide. The Colorado River Aqueduct delivers water from the Colorado River to the Imperial Valley of California area and since 1905 the Los Angeles Aqueduct delivers water over from the Owens Valley to the city of Los Angeles. One of the state's most acute problems is its appetite for water. In the extensive fields of the Imperial Valley, irrigation is facilitated in part by the All-American Canal—part of the Colorado River Aqueduct project. Cutbacks in federally funded water projects in the 1970s and 80s led many cities to begin buying water from areas with a surplus; but political problems associated with water distribution continue. Ongoing challenges to develop a long-term plan to end surplus water withdrawals from the Colorado led the federal government to stop the release of surplus river water to the state in 2003.

Paragraph 12: They began season with intercontinental round of World League 2015. First match with Russia, Poland won 3–0. Most Valuable Player of match was Mateusz Bieniek, who played his first match in senior national team. After break to national team returned a few players – Bartosz Kurek, Jakub Jarosz, Grzegorz Łomacz, Piotr Gacek, Wojciech Grzyb. Next day, Poland beat Russia in five-set match (3–2). Most Valuable Player of match was Bartosz Kurek (23 pts). On 5 June 2015 Poland beat Iran (3–1). Bartosz Kurek scored 30 pts and he was Most Valuable Player of match. Next day, Poland won another meeting with Iran (3–2) and MVP was chosen Michał Kubiak. On 12 June 2015 Poland lost first match with United States (3–2) after almost 3 hours meeting. It was first lost match of Poland since 10 September 2014, when they lost with U.S. national team at World Championship. Next day, Poland also lost with American players (3–1). After spending one week in United States, Poland moved to Russian ground – Kazan, where won two matches against Russia (3–1) and (3–2). Then they flew to Tehran. After a spectacular meeting, Poland lost first match on 26 June (3–2). Two days later, Polish national team beat Iran (3–1). Polish team spent three weeks in tour and they came back to Poland on last matches of intercontinental round with United States. On 3 July 2015 Poland beat USA in tie-break and achieved two points, which gave Polish team a qualification to final round of World League 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. Next day, they lost match (1–3). Poland qualified for the Pool J with Serbia and Italy. On 17 July Poland won match over Italy (3–1) and qualified to semi-final. Main leader in this important meeting was Michał Kubiak, who scored 19 pts. Next day, Serbia won over Poland (2–3), but Polish team gained 1 pt and took first place in Pool J. On 18 July, Poland lost semi-final with France (2–3). On 19 July Poland did not achieve bronze, because of lost with USA (0–3). Polish team had problems with own errors. Poland took 4th place in edition of the World League 2015. Polish players achieved two individual awards – Michał Kubiak was one of the Best Outside Spiker and Paweł Zatorski was Best Libero. In 2–9 August all players, whose were in final round in Rio de Janeiro went to training camp in Arłamów and two players joined to team (Włodarczyk, Kłos). Then the team without Wrona was training in Spała.

Paragraph 13: The government subsidization allowed the newspapers to be priced low and distributed widely. Newspapers were distributed by government administrations, and had three streams of revenue. One stream was subscriptions that people would pay to read. A second was advertisements along with some papers which was having more than others.It was an example which was widely spreading that evening newspapers in the major cities.However, these were popular advertisement vehicles because they had the widest audience base. Lastly, newspapers received very substantial subsidies from their parent organization. Subsequently, the Soviet system had no capital costs, as subsidies would cover them. Thus if the Central Committee of the Communist Party decided to publish a paper it would build the plant, equip it, and then turn it over to the Newspaper's company. Yet, there were attempts to achieve economies of scale, and major publications would produce smaller more class-oriented papers because the parent government administration publishing the paper would cover the capital investments. This capital investment cost coverage, which was not limited to a single production plant.It allowed papers such as Pravda, to be distributed across the entire Soviet Union in one morning,that was a feat which Western papers such as The New York Times would not achieve for twenty-five or more years. On the down side, the Soviets had set up a system in which everyone would receive their news at relatively the same time. Most of these stories came from the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union, making it both a news agency and the main distributor of government information. And so, the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union was similar to the United States White House Press Secretary heading the Associated Press. A side effect of the Telegraphic agency being the most important source was that many stories could not be covered until the agency itself had covered it. Also, this distribution of news by the government meant that not everyone could read the same publications. Governmental clearances thus dictated who could read what.

Paragraph 14: It shows first that it is an inherent consequence of accession to the Treaty of Rome that this House and Parliament will lose their legislative supremacy. It will no longer be true that law in this country is made only by or with the authority of Parliament...The second consequence... is that this House loses its exclusive control – upon which its power and authority has been built over the centuries – over taxation and expenditure. In future, if we become part of the Community, moneys received in taxation from the citizens of this country will be spent otherwise than upon a vote of this House and without the opportunity... to debate grievance and to call for an account of the way in which those moneys are to be spent. For the first time for centuries it will be true to say that the people of this country are not taxed only upon the authority of the House of Commons. The third consequence... is that the judicial independence of this country has to be given up. In future, if we join the Community, the citizens of this country will not only be subject to laws made elsewhere but the applicability of those laws to them will be adjudicated upon elsewhere; and the law made elsewhere and the adjudication elsewhere will override the law which is made here and the decisions of the courts of this realm.

Paragraph 15: In Sri Lanka, a  "Secretary to the Ministry" (also known as Ministry Secretary or simply Secretary) is the administrative head of a ministry and is appointed by the President of Sri Lanka. The post of permanent secretary was created under the Ceylon (Constitution and Independence) Orders in Council 1947 when Ceylon gained self-rule from Britain in 1948. Permanent secretaries were commonly appointed from the Ceylon Civil Service, with a few exceptions such as the permanent secretary to the ministry of justice which would be an officer of the judicial service. Anandatissa de Alwis was the first person from the private sector to be appointed as permanent secretary. The Sri Lankan Constitution of 1972, changed the title to secretary to the ministry. Traditionally if the appointee is a serving member of the public service, he or she would leave the service for the duration they hold the appointment. In the recent past it has been common for ministry secretaries to be appointed from outside the public service, with some on political grounds at the discretion of the president on the advice of the minister in charge. Major General Sanjeewa Munasinghe became the first serving military officer from the regular force to be appointed a ministry secretary in 2020.

Paragraph 16: In Sri Lanka, a  "Secretary to the Ministry" (also known as Ministry Secretary or simply Secretary) is the administrative head of a ministry and is appointed by the President of Sri Lanka. The post of permanent secretary was created under the Ceylon (Constitution and Independence) Orders in Council 1947 when Ceylon gained self-rule from Britain in 1948. Permanent secretaries were commonly appointed from the Ceylon Civil Service, with a few exceptions such as the permanent secretary to the ministry of justice which would be an officer of the judicial service. Anandatissa de Alwis was the first person from the private sector to be appointed as permanent secretary. The Sri Lankan Constitution of 1972, changed the title to secretary to the ministry. Traditionally if the appointee is a serving member of the public service, he or she would leave the service for the duration they hold the appointment. In the recent past it has been common for ministry secretaries to be appointed from outside the public service, with some on political grounds at the discretion of the president on the advice of the minister in charge. Major General Sanjeewa Munasinghe became the first serving military officer from the regular force to be appointed a ministry secretary in 2020.

Paragraph 17: Through many generations, it remained in the Taylor family until 1896, when Lucy W. Taylor sold the farm to George and William Bray, two brothers who had worked for the Taylors, and who were probably distant relatives. The property that Lucy sold for $400 included 50 acres (20 hectares) of uplands and adjacent marshlands which were capable of producing each year six tons of a combination of salt and fresh hay. The deed described the property as being in that part of Yarmouth known as Hockanom. It was sustained as a prosperous working farm by the Bray family until 1941. They continued to harvest salt marsh hay from Black Flat Marsh to feed their farm animals. The Brays often sold their strawberry and blueberry crops from a wheelbarrow on Old Kings Highway. In 1946 Robert J Williams purchased the farm and 88 acres for the tax due on the property. He moved from New Jersey to work for the Buzzards Bay Gas company until he retired. Robert Williams along with wife Katherin and son Robert Jr. lived on the farm and restored and improved the original farmhouse and surrounding land. They also improved the barn and a small apartment built into the side of the hill under the large ice-age boulder adjacent to the barn. Robert Williams introduced sheep to the farm and maintained them throughout his ownership. Although he worked a full-time job, he raised the sheep like the proud Welshman he was. He showed his sheep all over Massachusetts in county fairs. He sheared them and sold the wool. He also had several large vegetable gardens as well as wild and cultivated blueberries, and raspberries. The farm provided a great deal of food for the family. Robert Jr. built a home up the road for his new wife, and had a son in that house in the mid-1950s. Later he would move the family to south Yarmouth. The grandchildren would spend weekends on the farm up until the mid-1960s. The Williams family sold the farm they loved and cared for to a developer in the 1970s when Katherine became ill and could not keep up with the demands of the property. The terms stipulated that the farmhouse and barn be preserved. The Williams family saved the farm from destruction in the 1940s and in the 1970s. By the late 1980s, ownership changed hands a number of times, and the buildings saw neglect.

Paragraph 18: The episode begins with Malek's friend Saeed telling him that the police are going to raid Ahmed's new restaurant because he is dealing alcohol from there. He specifically tells Malek that he and his friends should be far away from there when they do the raid. While this is going on, Ahmed tells Lama that he is going to propose to her tomorrow. Lama was very excited by this because she needs to get away from her abusive father. Ahmed also asks her to come to his new restaurant opening today as it is very important to him. She agrees and brings Bayan with her. Malek begins to race over to the restaurant because Bader and Abdullah work at Ahmed's new restaurant so Malek knew he had to get there and tell them that the police were coming. Malek didn't know that Bayan, Lama, and Majed were going to be there, so he was a little shocked when he saw them as well. Malek ran over to Bayan and told her what was happening, but Majed saw this as them flirting again and came over to confront them once more. Bayan told Majed that nothing has ever happened between her and Malek and Malek respects him very much by sitting far away from her in the movies and by taking different taxis. This catches Majed off guard and you can see that he forgives Malek in his facial expression. Abdullah was in the kitchen cooking when Malek told him that the cops were coming because of alcohol, but he didn't believe Malek until he found a bottle of it. He rushed out of the kitchen to leave with his friends but Ahmed called him up to the stage to give a speech. During his speech, customers found out that the police were coming and everyone started to run out. Abdullah ran back into the kitchen because he forgot his phone, and right before they were about to leave Ahmed showed up and started a fight. He pushed Abdullah down causing him to have a head injury. Ahmed left right before the police came in and arrested Malek and Abdullah. Bader and Majed went to the police station to try to get them out of jail but couldn't unless they brought in Ahmed. They called Lama to see if she could talk to Ahmed and when she called him he told her that he was in the "holiest place in the world." After searching for Ahmed, Bader and Majed remembered that Ahmed loves a certain mosque near his house and they waited outside it until he showed up. When Ahmed saw them he started to run away because he knew that if he went to the police station he was going to jail. They chased him around until they got into a parking garage. Ahmed stole a car and ran over Bader before getting out and attempting to stab Majed with a knife. Right before he was about to succeed, Bader came out of nowhere and successfully subdued Ahmed and brought him to the police station, which released Malek and Abdullah. After they got released, Abdullah went to Majed's house with him, and while Majed was in the shower he found the hard disc that Malek and he were looking for.

Paragraph 19: The government subsidization allowed the newspapers to be priced low and distributed widely. Newspapers were distributed by government administrations, and had three streams of revenue. One stream was subscriptions that people would pay to read. A second was advertisements along with some papers which was having more than others.It was an example which was widely spreading that evening newspapers in the major cities.However, these were popular advertisement vehicles because they had the widest audience base. Lastly, newspapers received very substantial subsidies from their parent organization. Subsequently, the Soviet system had no capital costs, as subsidies would cover them. Thus if the Central Committee of the Communist Party decided to publish a paper it would build the plant, equip it, and then turn it over to the Newspaper's company. Yet, there were attempts to achieve economies of scale, and major publications would produce smaller more class-oriented papers because the parent government administration publishing the paper would cover the capital investments. This capital investment cost coverage, which was not limited to a single production plant.It allowed papers such as Pravda, to be distributed across the entire Soviet Union in one morning,that was a feat which Western papers such as The New York Times would not achieve for twenty-five or more years. On the down side, the Soviets had set up a system in which everyone would receive their news at relatively the same time. Most of these stories came from the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union, making it both a news agency and the main distributor of government information. And so, the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union was similar to the United States White House Press Secretary heading the Associated Press. A side effect of the Telegraphic agency being the most important source was that many stories could not be covered until the agency itself had covered it. Also, this distribution of news by the government meant that not everyone could read the same publications. Governmental clearances thus dictated who could read what.

Paragraph 20: Two declassified CIA documents reveal such a discussion of assassination of the Guatemalans. The first document, from March 1954 refers to a list requested by an unknown CIA official of government officials, members of the Communist Party, and others "of tactical importance whose removal for psychological, organizational or others reasons is mandatory for the success of military action" and asks for a final list to be narrowed down for "disposal" by the Junta group, though the names of any individuals, CIA, Guatemalan, or otherwise, were withheld. The conditions for selecting names to add to the list were broken down into three conditions: the target had to be, a Communist driven politician who was not outwardly supportive of Communism, a public Communist whose elimination was necessary for the success of the future government, or a military target whose elimination was necessary for certain military actions. The memorandum was addressed to "All Staff Officers,"and included instructions for its circulation, requesting input ("Your careful consideration is requested in making additions or deletions"), so that the "planning [could] proceed on schedule." Psychological warfare was also brought upon the individuals on this list. Mourning cards were used in an attempt to scare off the communist leaders and supporters.  These cards threatened communist political figures and were meant to foreshadow their assassinations.  The dissident leaders wanted to take the psychological warfare in a more violent direction at one point, recommending that eliminating a top communist official would help the resistance movement. The CIA advised against this and said that it would not be beneficial to resistance and that it would "set off wholesale reprisals". The second document from an unspecified date (though after February 1952, according to point 2) introduces a list of "Guatemalan Communist Personnel to be disposed of [...] by Calligeris." The list was split into two categories, Category I and Category II, Category I was a list of people to be taken out by means of executive action and Category II which was individuals selected to be imprisoned or exiled. Of the two categories, 58 individuals (names withheld) to be disposed of through "Executive action" and 74 individuals to be imprisoned or exiled. A description of this second document found on the National Security Archive webpage by Kate Doyle and Peter Kornbluh notes that the "Executive action" for members of the first category likely means "killed"; however, this information cannot be verified through these documents.  This description also states that "Calligeris" was the code-name given to Castillo Armas by the CIA. The Guatemalan exiles that were trained in Honduras were led by Carlos Armas and later Carlos Diaz agreed to lead the group against Arbenz. Castillo Armas' CIA-supported force entered Guatemala on June 16, 1954.

Paragraph 21: Hooper scored in Celtic's 4–2 loss to rivals Rangers on 18 September 2011. This was his fourth goal in seven Old Firm matches. He then started Celtic's first Scottish League Cup match of the season against Ross County, scoring one goal in a 2–0 win for Celtic. On 29 September he played in Celtic's 1–1 draw with Italian team Udinese. After three minutes he won a penalty which Ki Sung-Yueng scored. He then gave away a penalty, which was converted, after 83 minutes when he fouled Neuton. A month later, he scored in Celtic's 4–1, League Cup quarter-final, victory over Hibernian. On 3 November, Hooper scored his first European goal of the season, netting the final goal of Celtic's 3–1 Europa League group stage win against Rennes, after coming on as a 78th-minute substitute for James Forrest. Three days later, he again came on as a substitute and scored the winner in a 2–1 win over Motherwell. On 26 November, he scored a hat-trick in a 5–0 win over St Mirren. After scoring five goals in November, he won the SPL Player of the Month award. On 15 December, Hooper scored in Celtic's final Europa League group match, a 1–1 draw against Udinese which meant Celtic finished third in the group and didn't qualify for the knock-out stages. During the January transfer window, Championship league leaders Southampton made several bids for Hooper. However, they were rejected by Celtic and Hooper reiterated his desire to stay with the club. On 14 January, Hooper scored in a 2–1 win over Dundee United. He then scored in Celtic's 4–0 win against Hearts on 8 February. On 29 April 2012, Hooper scored the final goal as Celtic beat Rangers 3–0 at Celtic Park. This was his fifth goal in 10 appearances against Rangers. On 13 May, Hooper scored all five goals for Celtic as they beat Hearts 5–0 in the final SPL match of the season, securing his position as the top scorer in the Scottish Premier League with 24 goals and winning the Golden Boot.

Paragraph 22: In Sri Lanka, a  "Secretary to the Ministry" (also known as Ministry Secretary or simply Secretary) is the administrative head of a ministry and is appointed by the President of Sri Lanka. The post of permanent secretary was created under the Ceylon (Constitution and Independence) Orders in Council 1947 when Ceylon gained self-rule from Britain in 1948. Permanent secretaries were commonly appointed from the Ceylon Civil Service, with a few exceptions such as the permanent secretary to the ministry of justice which would be an officer of the judicial service. Anandatissa de Alwis was the first person from the private sector to be appointed as permanent secretary. The Sri Lankan Constitution of 1972, changed the title to secretary to the ministry. Traditionally if the appointee is a serving member of the public service, he or she would leave the service for the duration they hold the appointment. In the recent past it has been common for ministry secretaries to be appointed from outside the public service, with some on political grounds at the discretion of the president on the advice of the minister in charge. Major General Sanjeewa Munasinghe became the first serving military officer from the regular force to be appointed a ministry secretary in 2020.

Paragraph 23: Frontier conflict occurred between British colonists and the Aboriginal residents at Mount Larcombe. William Young gave food and clothing to the local Aboriginal people in exchange for their land and their labour shearing his sheep, but also drove them away when they were not needed. He once kicked and pointed a gun at an Aboriginal man for not leaving a hut when told to. Native Police troopers were stationed on the property and in November 1855 they opened fire on a group of Aboriginal people at Mount Larcombe killing one. It was thought that some of the people shot at were involved in an attack a month earlier on the Native Police barracks located at nearby Rannes. In late December 1855, those that survived the shooting mounted a revenge attack on Mount Larcombe, taking sheep and supplies, and killing five station-hands including three men, one woman and an Aboriginal servant. William Young was away at Gladstone at the time reporting the drowning death of his superintendent. He was quickly informed of the killings and a punitive expedition was organised under the command of Lieutenant John Murray of the Native Police. Murray's group set out and later surrounded a camp of sleeping Aboriginal people at Hourigan's Creek. They subsequently killed a large number of people there and then tracked down other groups of Indigenous people in the following weeks as far as the northern banks of the Fitzroy River shooting them as they found them. Mount Larcombe sheep station was subjected to another series of killings in 1858. In October of that year, another three station-hands were killed by Aboriginal people. Second Lieutenant Frederick Wheeler of the Native Police was ordered to investigate the killings. Wheeler together with his troopers and William Young tracked down several camps of Aboriginal people but was only able to take seven female prisoners. Wheeler wrote in his report that they "were not able to shoot any...cannot say whether any of the murderers are amongst the mob, but they must all suffer, for the innocent must be held responsible for the guilt of others...going to Gladstone tomorrow but do not suppose to be able to shoot any." After resupplying at Gladstone, Wheeler set out again along the coastal estuaries where "some firing took place but unluckily no blacks were shot." Lieutenant John Murray with his own detachment of troopers then joined with Wheeler's group at Mount Larcombe and together set out on a large punitive expedition to the upper reaches of the Calliope River. Murray later reported that they came upon a large camp of Aboriginal people in that region and shot dead five of them, expressing disappointment that not more had been killed. Heavy rain interrupted further punitive measures and Wheeler and Murray returned to their barracks. Murray left instructions to Wheeler to conduct further operations to track down Aboriginal people when resupplied and the weather improved.

Paragraph 24: Through many generations, it remained in the Taylor family until 1896, when Lucy W. Taylor sold the farm to George and William Bray, two brothers who had worked for the Taylors, and who were probably distant relatives. The property that Lucy sold for $400 included 50 acres (20 hectares) of uplands and adjacent marshlands which were capable of producing each year six tons of a combination of salt and fresh hay. The deed described the property as being in that part of Yarmouth known as Hockanom. It was sustained as a prosperous working farm by the Bray family until 1941. They continued to harvest salt marsh hay from Black Flat Marsh to feed their farm animals. The Brays often sold their strawberry and blueberry crops from a wheelbarrow on Old Kings Highway. In 1946 Robert J Williams purchased the farm and 88 acres for the tax due on the property. He moved from New Jersey to work for the Buzzards Bay Gas company until he retired. Robert Williams along with wife Katherin and son Robert Jr. lived on the farm and restored and improved the original farmhouse and surrounding land. They also improved the barn and a small apartment built into the side of the hill under the large ice-age boulder adjacent to the barn. Robert Williams introduced sheep to the farm and maintained them throughout his ownership. Although he worked a full-time job, he raised the sheep like the proud Welshman he was. He showed his sheep all over Massachusetts in county fairs. He sheared them and sold the wool. He also had several large vegetable gardens as well as wild and cultivated blueberries, and raspberries. The farm provided a great deal of food for the family. Robert Jr. built a home up the road for his new wife, and had a son in that house in the mid-1950s. Later he would move the family to south Yarmouth. The grandchildren would spend weekends on the farm up until the mid-1960s. The Williams family sold the farm they loved and cared for to a developer in the 1970s when Katherine became ill and could not keep up with the demands of the property. The terms stipulated that the farmhouse and barn be preserved. The Williams family saved the farm from destruction in the 1940s and in the 1970s. By the late 1980s, ownership changed hands a number of times, and the buildings saw neglect.

Paragraph 25: In the year of 1193, Richard the "Lionheart", King of England, led the third Great Crusade to reclaim the Holy Land from the Turks. After the battle, on their return home to England, Richard and his Knights are captured by the forces of Austria's Emperor, and held prisoners of war in the castle of Austria. In the castle dungeon, the knights are being tortured to tell the Austrians the location of King Richard's treasure. But the knights reply "there is no treasure". The guards don't believe them. Then one of the English knights, Tancred, tells the head-guard that they do have one treasure that all of England will pay for - "King Richard" himself! The head-guard understands what he means - "a ransom.” Tancred agrees to return to England, to collect the ransom, telling the guard that Richard's brother Prince John will pay dearly for the king's freedom. The guard orders Tancred to tell the prince to raise "100,000 gold crowns.” He tells him when the Austrians have the money, King Richard and his Knights will be free and have their passage home. He gives Tancred three months; if he doesn't get the ransom in time, the Austrians will start killing his fellow knights. Of course, the knight chained close to Tancred believes the part about Prince John paying for King Richard's ransom to be false. The knight's name is Ivanhoe. As the guards release Tancred to return to England, looking the other way, Ivanhoe sees a sword close to him, kicks it into the air, and grabs it. The head-guard looks back and rushed over to Ivanhoe, but he stabs him, and freed himself. One of the other knights asks Ivanhoe release him, too, but the other knights warn Ivanhoe of the guards coming. As the two knights fight their way out, they say that Prince John will never pay Richard's ransom, and that Tancred will betray them all. Then one of the guards shoots the brave knight in the chest with a crossbow. He tells Ivanhoe, "King Richard must be ransomed! England must be saved! Go, Ivanhoe! Go!" Ivanhoe kills the guard, and runs out the door. He escapes on a horse, and rides off west, towards England. Ivanhoe returns home a month later, planning to return to his family home to make peace with his father, raise the ransom, and restore King Richard to the throne of England.

Paragraph 26: In Sri Lanka, a  "Secretary to the Ministry" (also known as Ministry Secretary or simply Secretary) is the administrative head of a ministry and is appointed by the President of Sri Lanka. The post of permanent secretary was created under the Ceylon (Constitution and Independence) Orders in Council 1947 when Ceylon gained self-rule from Britain in 1948. Permanent secretaries were commonly appointed from the Ceylon Civil Service, with a few exceptions such as the permanent secretary to the ministry of justice which would be an officer of the judicial service. Anandatissa de Alwis was the first person from the private sector to be appointed as permanent secretary. The Sri Lankan Constitution of 1972, changed the title to secretary to the ministry. Traditionally if the appointee is a serving member of the public service, he or she would leave the service for the duration they hold the appointment. In the recent past it has been common for ministry secretaries to be appointed from outside the public service, with some on political grounds at the discretion of the president on the advice of the minister in charge. Major General Sanjeewa Munasinghe became the first serving military officer from the regular force to be appointed a ministry secretary in 2020.

Paragraph 27: The episode begins with Malek's friend Saeed telling him that the police are going to raid Ahmed's new restaurant because he is dealing alcohol from there. He specifically tells Malek that he and his friends should be far away from there when they do the raid. While this is going on, Ahmed tells Lama that he is going to propose to her tomorrow. Lama was very excited by this because she needs to get away from her abusive father. Ahmed also asks her to come to his new restaurant opening today as it is very important to him. She agrees and brings Bayan with her. Malek begins to race over to the restaurant because Bader and Abdullah work at Ahmed's new restaurant so Malek knew he had to get there and tell them that the police were coming. Malek didn't know that Bayan, Lama, and Majed were going to be there, so he was a little shocked when he saw them as well. Malek ran over to Bayan and told her what was happening, but Majed saw this as them flirting again and came over to confront them once more. Bayan told Majed that nothing has ever happened between her and Malek and Malek respects him very much by sitting far away from her in the movies and by taking different taxis. This catches Majed off guard and you can see that he forgives Malek in his facial expression. Abdullah was in the kitchen cooking when Malek told him that the cops were coming because of alcohol, but he didn't believe Malek until he found a bottle of it. He rushed out of the kitchen to leave with his friends but Ahmed called him up to the stage to give a speech. During his speech, customers found out that the police were coming and everyone started to run out. Abdullah ran back into the kitchen because he forgot his phone, and right before they were about to leave Ahmed showed up and started a fight. He pushed Abdullah down causing him to have a head injury. Ahmed left right before the police came in and arrested Malek and Abdullah. Bader and Majed went to the police station to try to get them out of jail but couldn't unless they brought in Ahmed. They called Lama to see if she could talk to Ahmed and when she called him he told her that he was in the "holiest place in the world." After searching for Ahmed, Bader and Majed remembered that Ahmed loves a certain mosque near his house and they waited outside it until he showed up. When Ahmed saw them he started to run away because he knew that if he went to the police station he was going to jail. They chased him around until they got into a parking garage. Ahmed stole a car and ran over Bader before getting out and attempting to stab Majed with a knife. Right before he was about to succeed, Bader came out of nowhere and successfully subdued Ahmed and brought him to the police station, which released Malek and Abdullah. After they got released, Abdullah went to Majed's house with him, and while Majed was in the shower he found the hard disc that Malek and he were looking for.

Paragraph 28: The government subsidization allowed the newspapers to be priced low and distributed widely. Newspapers were distributed by government administrations, and had three streams of revenue. One stream was subscriptions that people would pay to read. A second was advertisements along with some papers which was having more than others.It was an example which was widely spreading that evening newspapers in the major cities.However, these were popular advertisement vehicles because they had the widest audience base. Lastly, newspapers received very substantial subsidies from their parent organization. Subsequently, the Soviet system had no capital costs, as subsidies would cover them. Thus if the Central Committee of the Communist Party decided to publish a paper it would build the plant, equip it, and then turn it over to the Newspaper's company. Yet, there were attempts to achieve economies of scale, and major publications would produce smaller more class-oriented papers because the parent government administration publishing the paper would cover the capital investments. This capital investment cost coverage, which was not limited to a single production plant.It allowed papers such as Pravda, to be distributed across the entire Soviet Union in one morning,that was a feat which Western papers such as The New York Times would not achieve for twenty-five or more years. On the down side, the Soviets had set up a system in which everyone would receive their news at relatively the same time. Most of these stories came from the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union, making it both a news agency and the main distributor of government information. And so, the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union was similar to the United States White House Press Secretary heading the Associated Press. A side effect of the Telegraphic agency being the most important source was that many stories could not be covered until the agency itself had covered it. Also, this distribution of news by the government meant that not everyone could read the same publications. Governmental clearances thus dictated who could read what.

Paragraph 29: Two declassified CIA documents reveal such a discussion of assassination of the Guatemalans. The first document, from March 1954 refers to a list requested by an unknown CIA official of government officials, members of the Communist Party, and others "of tactical importance whose removal for psychological, organizational or others reasons is mandatory for the success of military action" and asks for a final list to be narrowed down for "disposal" by the Junta group, though the names of any individuals, CIA, Guatemalan, or otherwise, were withheld. The conditions for selecting names to add to the list were broken down into three conditions: the target had to be, a Communist driven politician who was not outwardly supportive of Communism, a public Communist whose elimination was necessary for the success of the future government, or a military target whose elimination was necessary for certain military actions. The memorandum was addressed to "All Staff Officers,"and included instructions for its circulation, requesting input ("Your careful consideration is requested in making additions or deletions"), so that the "planning [could] proceed on schedule." Psychological warfare was also brought upon the individuals on this list. Mourning cards were used in an attempt to scare off the communist leaders and supporters.  These cards threatened communist political figures and were meant to foreshadow their assassinations.  The dissident leaders wanted to take the psychological warfare in a more violent direction at one point, recommending that eliminating a top communist official would help the resistance movement. The CIA advised against this and said that it would not be beneficial to resistance and that it would "set off wholesale reprisals". The second document from an unspecified date (though after February 1952, according to point 2) introduces a list of "Guatemalan Communist Personnel to be disposed of [...] by Calligeris." The list was split into two categories, Category I and Category II, Category I was a list of people to be taken out by means of executive action and Category II which was individuals selected to be imprisoned or exiled. Of the two categories, 58 individuals (names withheld) to be disposed of through "Executive action" and 74 individuals to be imprisoned or exiled. A description of this second document found on the National Security Archive webpage by Kate Doyle and Peter Kornbluh notes that the "Executive action" for members of the first category likely means "killed"; however, this information cannot be verified through these documents.  This description also states that "Calligeris" was the code-name given to Castillo Armas by the CIA. The Guatemalan exiles that were trained in Honduras were led by Carlos Armas and later Carlos Diaz agreed to lead the group against Arbenz. Castillo Armas' CIA-supported force entered Guatemala on June 16, 1954.

Paragraph 30: The episode begins with Malek's friend Saeed telling him that the police are going to raid Ahmed's new restaurant because he is dealing alcohol from there. He specifically tells Malek that he and his friends should be far away from there when they do the raid. While this is going on, Ahmed tells Lama that he is going to propose to her tomorrow. Lama was very excited by this because she needs to get away from her abusive father. Ahmed also asks her to come to his new restaurant opening today as it is very important to him. She agrees and brings Bayan with her. Malek begins to race over to the restaurant because Bader and Abdullah work at Ahmed's new restaurant so Malek knew he had to get there and tell them that the police were coming. Malek didn't know that Bayan, Lama, and Majed were going to be there, so he was a little shocked when he saw them as well. Malek ran over to Bayan and told her what was happening, but Majed saw this as them flirting again and came over to confront them once more. Bayan told Majed that nothing has ever happened between her and Malek and Malek respects him very much by sitting far away from her in the movies and by taking different taxis. This catches Majed off guard and you can see that he forgives Malek in his facial expression. Abdullah was in the kitchen cooking when Malek told him that the cops were coming because of alcohol, but he didn't believe Malek until he found a bottle of it. He rushed out of the kitchen to leave with his friends but Ahmed called him up to the stage to give a speech. During his speech, customers found out that the police were coming and everyone started to run out. Abdullah ran back into the kitchen because he forgot his phone, and right before they were about to leave Ahmed showed up and started a fight. He pushed Abdullah down causing him to have a head injury. Ahmed left right before the police came in and arrested Malek and Abdullah. Bader and Majed went to the police station to try to get them out of jail but couldn't unless they brought in Ahmed. They called Lama to see if she could talk to Ahmed and when she called him he told her that he was in the "holiest place in the world." After searching for Ahmed, Bader and Majed remembered that Ahmed loves a certain mosque near his house and they waited outside it until he showed up. When Ahmed saw them he started to run away because he knew that if he went to the police station he was going to jail. They chased him around until they got into a parking garage. Ahmed stole a car and ran over Bader before getting out and attempting to stab Majed with a knife. Right before he was about to succeed, Bader came out of nowhere and successfully subdued Ahmed and brought him to the police station, which released Malek and Abdullah. After they got released, Abdullah went to Majed's house with him, and while Majed was in the shower he found the hard disc that Malek and he were looking for.

Paragraph 31: Through many generations, it remained in the Taylor family until 1896, when Lucy W. Taylor sold the farm to George and William Bray, two brothers who had worked for the Taylors, and who were probably distant relatives. The property that Lucy sold for $400 included 50 acres (20 hectares) of uplands and adjacent marshlands which were capable of producing each year six tons of a combination of salt and fresh hay. The deed described the property as being in that part of Yarmouth known as Hockanom. It was sustained as a prosperous working farm by the Bray family until 1941. They continued to harvest salt marsh hay from Black Flat Marsh to feed their farm animals. The Brays often sold their strawberry and blueberry crops from a wheelbarrow on Old Kings Highway. In 1946 Robert J Williams purchased the farm and 88 acres for the tax due on the property. He moved from New Jersey to work for the Buzzards Bay Gas company until he retired. Robert Williams along with wife Katherin and son Robert Jr. lived on the farm and restored and improved the original farmhouse and surrounding land. They also improved the barn and a small apartment built into the side of the hill under the large ice-age boulder adjacent to the barn. Robert Williams introduced sheep to the farm and maintained them throughout his ownership. Although he worked a full-time job, he raised the sheep like the proud Welshman he was. He showed his sheep all over Massachusetts in county fairs. He sheared them and sold the wool. He also had several large vegetable gardens as well as wild and cultivated blueberries, and raspberries. The farm provided a great deal of food for the family. Robert Jr. built a home up the road for his new wife, and had a son in that house in the mid-1950s. Later he would move the family to south Yarmouth. The grandchildren would spend weekends on the farm up until the mid-1960s. The Williams family sold the farm they loved and cared for to a developer in the 1970s when Katherine became ill and could not keep up with the demands of the property. The terms stipulated that the farmhouse and barn be preserved. The Williams family saved the farm from destruction in the 1940s and in the 1970s. By the late 1980s, ownership changed hands a number of times, and the buildings saw neglect.

Paragraph 32: The refit was substantial, the light armament was standardised, fourteen new L60 40mm guns in three twin  Mk 5 mounts and eight single  Mk 7 mounts  as on INS Mysore (ex-HMS Nigeria). Radar was substantially updated to Type 974 navigation, Type 293 target indicator and air warning 281B at near 960 capability and ADR similar to HMS Euralyus the last operational RN Dido 11/1954.  A new bridge was fitted and the ship tropicalised. Surface and long range AA for the 5.25 turrets remained (2)WW2 standard 984/985 as on INS Delhi. She was renamed Babur, after the founder of the Mogul empire. The cost of the refit far exceeded the £400,000 allocated by the Pakistan Government  even supplemented with a 0.25 million dollar, US MDAP aid grant, and the refit by the Royal Navy dockyard, charged below cost. Pakistan still had to meet a huge shortfall in the bill. It had been known from the start of 1956 that the refit cost would exceed Pakistan's budget, but the new First Sea Lord, Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, was determined Pakistan would have a cruiser, as was head of Pakistan's navy Choudri. Despite his government's attempt to first cancel the deal in mid-1957, then demand the cruiser be decommissioned as an extravagance when it arrived in 1958, the British Government demanded a payment, which even the British Far East Command considered outrageous and likely to promote a political crisis. Defence cuts saw it temporarily laid up as a fully manned static training ship for cadets in 1961. However the cruiser was back in full operational service by 1963 and took part in Operation Dwarka after India invaded Pakistan during the 1965 conflict. Babur carried out a shore bombardment of Dwarka in September 1965. Fitting the cruiser with Styx missiles was considered in 1968  to counter the Soviet missiles purchased by India, but Russia was only prepared to offer the missile for fast attack craft, not larger warships. The outbreak of war with India in December 1971 saw Babur deployed as one of Pakistan's few available large warships, taking station 70 miles west of Karachi in an outer patrol zone, intending to protect the major ports of West Pakistan and oil tankers from the Gulf. Light 37mm AA and 40/60 Bofors at Karachi and other ports discouraged low level Indian Air Force bombing, below 2 miles high in IAF Canberra raids that occurred on Karachi. This led India to develop a plan to use its Styx-equipped Osa missile boats squadron with only Russian spoken in the Osa boats operation rooms for security, deception and commonality with the Indian officers trained in Russia for its major strike against the Pakistan Navy and the Karachi port installations and oil refineries. As the Osa missile boat squadron one Pakistan  Battle class  destroyers was sunk by 2 Styx missiles and another second hand Pakistan destroyer of the RN C class was massively damaged by another Styx (both the Battle and C class Destroyers were still in RN service itself at the time in 1971).  The 27 year old cruiser Babur somehow being missed, possibly due to its fitting with standard USN ESM/ECM similar to HMAS Yarram enabling the  Babur to electronically black itself out in time. Later during the night, after the failure of repeated Indian air force air strikes the Karachi tank farm of  oil storage facilities, were hit by Styx missiles from Osa missile boats causing a firestorm. Babur lacking anti-missile protection and ability to identify air and surface unit attacks was recalled to the naval base as a static flag ship.

Paragraph 33: The refit was substantial, the light armament was standardised, fourteen new L60 40mm guns in three twin  Mk 5 mounts and eight single  Mk 7 mounts  as on INS Mysore (ex-HMS Nigeria). Radar was substantially updated to Type 974 navigation, Type 293 target indicator and air warning 281B at near 960 capability and ADR similar to HMS Euralyus the last operational RN Dido 11/1954.  A new bridge was fitted and the ship tropicalised. Surface and long range AA for the 5.25 turrets remained (2)WW2 standard 984/985 as on INS Delhi. She was renamed Babur, after the founder of the Mogul empire. The cost of the refit far exceeded the £400,000 allocated by the Pakistan Government  even supplemented with a 0.25 million dollar, US MDAP aid grant, and the refit by the Royal Navy dockyard, charged below cost. Pakistan still had to meet a huge shortfall in the bill. It had been known from the start of 1956 that the refit cost would exceed Pakistan's budget, but the new First Sea Lord, Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, was determined Pakistan would have a cruiser, as was head of Pakistan's navy Choudri. Despite his government's attempt to first cancel the deal in mid-1957, then demand the cruiser be decommissioned as an extravagance when it arrived in 1958, the British Government demanded a payment, which even the British Far East Command considered outrageous and likely to promote a political crisis. Defence cuts saw it temporarily laid up as a fully manned static training ship for cadets in 1961. However the cruiser was back in full operational service by 1963 and took part in Operation Dwarka after India invaded Pakistan during the 1965 conflict. Babur carried out a shore bombardment of Dwarka in September 1965. Fitting the cruiser with Styx missiles was considered in 1968  to counter the Soviet missiles purchased by India, but Russia was only prepared to offer the missile for fast attack craft, not larger warships. The outbreak of war with India in December 1971 saw Babur deployed as one of Pakistan's few available large warships, taking station 70 miles west of Karachi in an outer patrol zone, intending to protect the major ports of West Pakistan and oil tankers from the Gulf. Light 37mm AA and 40/60 Bofors at Karachi and other ports discouraged low level Indian Air Force bombing, below 2 miles high in IAF Canberra raids that occurred on Karachi. This led India to develop a plan to use its Styx-equipped Osa missile boats squadron with only Russian spoken in the Osa boats operation rooms for security, deception and commonality with the Indian officers trained in Russia for its major strike against the Pakistan Navy and the Karachi port installations and oil refineries. As the Osa missile boat squadron one Pakistan  Battle class  destroyers was sunk by 2 Styx missiles and another second hand Pakistan destroyer of the RN C class was massively damaged by another Styx (both the Battle and C class Destroyers were still in RN service itself at the time in 1971).  The 27 year old cruiser Babur somehow being missed, possibly due to its fitting with standard USN ESM/ECM similar to HMAS Yarram enabling the  Babur to electronically black itself out in time. Later during the night, after the failure of repeated Indian air force air strikes the Karachi tank farm of  oil storage facilities, were hit by Styx missiles from Osa missile boats causing a firestorm. Babur lacking anti-missile protection and ability to identify air and surface unit attacks was recalled to the naval base as a static flag ship.

Paragraph 34: The government subsidization allowed the newspapers to be priced low and distributed widely. Newspapers were distributed by government administrations, and had three streams of revenue. One stream was subscriptions that people would pay to read. A second was advertisements along with some papers which was having more than others.It was an example which was widely spreading that evening newspapers in the major cities.However, these were popular advertisement vehicles because they had the widest audience base. Lastly, newspapers received very substantial subsidies from their parent organization. Subsequently, the Soviet system had no capital costs, as subsidies would cover them. Thus if the Central Committee of the Communist Party decided to publish a paper it would build the plant, equip it, and then turn it over to the Newspaper's company. Yet, there were attempts to achieve economies of scale, and major publications would produce smaller more class-oriented papers because the parent government administration publishing the paper would cover the capital investments. This capital investment cost coverage, which was not limited to a single production plant.It allowed papers such as Pravda, to be distributed across the entire Soviet Union in one morning,that was a feat which Western papers such as The New York Times would not achieve for twenty-five or more years. On the down side, the Soviets had set up a system in which everyone would receive their news at relatively the same time. Most of these stories came from the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union, making it both a news agency and the main distributor of government information. And so, the Telegraphic Agency of the Soviet Union was similar to the United States White House Press Secretary heading the Associated Press. A side effect of the Telegraphic agency being the most important source was that many stories could not be covered until the agency itself had covered it. Also, this distribution of news by the government meant that not everyone could read the same publications. Governmental clearances thus dictated who could read what.

Paragraph 35: It shows first that it is an inherent consequence of accession to the Treaty of Rome that this House and Parliament will lose their legislative supremacy. It will no longer be true that law in this country is made only by or with the authority of Parliament...The second consequence... is that this House loses its exclusive control – upon which its power and authority has been built over the centuries – over taxation and expenditure. In future, if we become part of the Community, moneys received in taxation from the citizens of this country will be spent otherwise than upon a vote of this House and without the opportunity... to debate grievance and to call for an account of the way in which those moneys are to be spent. For the first time for centuries it will be true to say that the people of this country are not taxed only upon the authority of the House of Commons. The third consequence... is that the judicial independence of this country has to be given up. In future, if we join the Community, the citizens of this country will not only be subject to laws made elsewhere but the applicability of those laws to them will be adjudicated upon elsewhere; and the law made elsewhere and the adjudication elsewhere will override the law which is made here and the decisions of the courts of this realm.

Paragraph 36: Bombardment can only achieve its objective when the amount of suffering inflicted upon non-combatants is sufficient to break down their resolution, and when the commander permits himself to be influenced or coerced by the sufferers. A threat of bombardment will sometimes induce the target to surrender, but instances of its fulfillment being followed by success are rare; in general, with a determined commander, bombardments fail in their objective. Further, intentionally intense fire at a large target, unlike the slow, steady and minutely accurate artillery attacks directed upon the fortifications, requires the expenditure of large quantities of ammunition and wears out the guns of the attack. Bombardments are, however, frequently resorted to in order to test the temper of the garrison and the civilian population, a notable instance being the Siege of Strasbourg in 1870.