Paragraph 1: The reconstruction of the palace began in 1722 by Elżbieta Helena Sieniawska. Shortly after Zofia Sieniawska married August Czartoryski on the remains of the burnt down palace, a new palace in the Rococo style was built between 1731-36. Jan Zygmunt Deybel designed the palace, while it was built by Franciszek Mayer. Deybel's project preserved the earlier spatial assumptions. An avenue planted with four rows of trees (later called Królewska Avenue) led to the palace. It crossed in front of the palace entrance with a narrower avenue planted with trees (today's Czartoryskich Street), connecting the Lublin roadway with a winding gorge, the so-called Deep Road. There were (and still are) two courtyards in front of the palace. The front courtyard planted with trees from the side of the entrance was limited by a moat and two guardhouses (still existing today). On its right, farm buildings stretched as far as the Lublin roadway (Piłsudskiego Street). From the front courtyard, through the baroque arcade gate, you enter the courtyard of honour, with a pond in the middle. Single-storey annexes, situated perpendicularly to the palace at the level of the pond, closed the courtyard on two sides. The palace itself has retained the former Tylman framework - a single-storey main body with four alcoves in the corners. The main body had a narrower, three-windowed second floor built up. In order to obtain additional rooms, the alcoves were lengthened parallel to the main axis of the palace and the terrace on the first floor level was removed, combining a significant part of it with the alcoves. A balcony was created on the Vistula side from the rest of the terrace. A two-flight external staircase adjacent to the alcoves, and in the upper section to the main body, led from the courtyard to the representative first floor. The staircase balustrade, the attic over the flat roof of the second floor and the attic surrounding the roofs over the first floor were decorated with sculptures, mostly made by the Hoffmans. The interior and exterior walls of the palace were given rich stucco and ornaments typical of the Rococo style. At the same time, a French-style garden was created near the palace. A gazebo was built in the Lower Garden. The terraces on the slope were covered at the ends with a serpentine staircase. At the level of the palace, behind the left annex, carpeted ground floors and bosquettes were created, behind which was the "Wild Promenade". It was entirely surrounded by a wall and only in places was another fence. The decoration of the second floor on the side avant-corps from the side of backwater and the three central arcades at the main entrance with characteristic sculptures in keystones have survived from that period. The annexes (in the side wings, the central part protruding towards the courtyard) have been preserved - the right-hand side one played the role of an economic annex (formerly it stood separately, today it is connected to the palace), which in the 18th and early 19th century housed the palace kitchen, bakery, etc. On the opposite side, in the same place on the left wing, there was a guesthouse.

Paragraph 2: Dowling, Goldie, Law and Mulhearn were charged under the Defence (Special Undertakings) Act 1952. The Act has not been used previously and carries a maximum jail sentence of 7 years, with an additional two years for taking photographs within the base. The four had a three-week Supreme court trial in June 2007 heard by Judge Sally Thomas. The Commonwealth was represented by up to seven lawyers including two QC's. The prosecution started their case by attempting to have the defendants placed under house arrest for the duration of the trial. Judge Thomas rejected this application. But Commonwealth lawyers successfully argued that no evidence would be allowed which was covered by "Public Interest Immunity" legislation or "Parliamentary Privilege". Despite this, the accused attempted to recount the role of Pine Gap in the occupation of Iraq. Mulhearn recounted her personal witness of the deaths caused by Allied bombing in Iraq. She described walking through pools of blood in a Baghdad market place. Some of that blood, she alleged, was still on the boots she wore into court that day. She claimed there was a direct between that blood and the role of Pine Gap in providing targeting information for the bombs that were dropped on that marketplace. Jim Dowling attempted to dramatise the Role of Raytheon Corporation who made all the Cruise Missiles fired on the people of Iraq and also at the Taliban. Raytheon also have the sole contract for all maintenance at Pine Gap and are the largest non-government employer at the Base. After five hours the jury found the Pine Gap 4, including Dowling, guilty of all charges. Judge Sally Thomas declined to send them to jail, rejecting strong demands from the prosecution to do so. She fined them a total of $3300 between them plus $10,000 damages. All have so far refused to pay. After the trial the prosecution launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentences in another attempt to have the Pine Gap4 jailed. They were later acquitted by a unanimous decision of the full bench of the Northern Territory Court of Criminal Appeal.

Paragraph 3: The plans to build "Đerdap III" were also made. It wouldn't be a classical power plant with another dam, but was planned to use the hydro-electrical potential of the already existing Lake Đerdap. The reversible hydro plant was projected in the vicinity of Donji Milanovac, on the park territory in the Pesače section. The original projects are from the late 1960s, when Đerdap I was still in construction. Some preparatory works have been done in the 1970s on the location of Debelo Brdo, upstream of the mouth of the Boljetinska reka into the lake, but the idea was abandoned due to the worsening of the economic situation in Yugoslavia in the late 1970s and the power plant was never built. The concept envisioned the lifting of the lake water by the pumps from the height of , to the projected pools of Pesača and Brodica, with the capacity of , and only in the periods of the electricity surplus. During the dry or winter periods, Đerdap II would work as the classical hydro plant but using only stored waters which would fall for  onto the turbines. As the entire facility and the auxiliary objects would be built on the bank of the Danube, it would be cheaper than building them on the land, as in thermo-electrical plants, and it would have twice the capacity of the Đerdap I or Kostolac thermal plant. The plant would produce 2,400 megawatts of electricity, which would cover the present consumption in the state and made Serbia an exporter of the electricity. Also, due to the mechanism of the electricity production, it wouldn't have negative consequences on the park's eco-system.

Paragraph 4: After this Jack starts coming to their house and "walking out" with Jessica. Meg doesn't want anything to do with him because he is no longer going to be rich as his father disinherited him. Jack enlists and finds out that he has to leave to war he also mentions that his mothers will was read and he is now sole inheritor of the whole estate. He asks Jessica to be his wife but she says yes but to keep it a secret until he gets back. That same day Hester then informs Jessica that she cannot talk to him anymore and that Meg and Jack were just being nice and they are an item. Jack is leaving in week and her mom cooks up a scheme when Joe takes Jessica to the doctor to get checked because she has been really sick that Hester leaves and Meg seduces Jack as a going away "present". At the doctors visit Jessica finds out she is pregnant, her parents suspect that she had intimate relations with Billy Simple on the way to town, but she will not say who the father is. Meg then pretends to be pregnant, forcing Jack to marry her before he leaves, although he loves Jessica. He does make Meg sign a paper saying she and Hester will receive none of his estate unless she actually gives birth or has a miscarriage. Her mother tells the town that Jessica has gone crazy, so had to be isolated (during her pregnancy). Hester and Meg have a plan to have a miscarriage with witnesses but the witness sees Jessica's pregnancy while she is there so Jessica's father and mother suffocate her and Hester comes up with a plan to take Jessica's baby after it is born. Jessica's baby is born Christmas Day and Joe has a change of heart and decides not to take her baby. Jessica's father tries to kill Jessica's mother, his wife because he is done with everything but he has a heart attack. They convince Jessica to come back for the funeral with the baby and to go to the funeral without Joey because no one knows she had a baby. Then at the funeral, when they announce that Meg gave birth, Jessica breaks down, screaming that they stole her baby and attacks Hester.

Paragraph 5: Historical accounts suggest that during the precolonial period in the Philippines, female shamans predominated in the religious realm. The Bolinao Manuscript (1685), for example, records that during an Inquisitional investigation of the shamans in the town of Bolinao, Pangasinan between 1679 and 1685, animistic paraphernalia were confiscated from 148 people. Of those, 145 were female shamans, and the remaining three were transvestite male shamans, thus highlighting the statistical imbalance between the female-to-male ratio of indigenous shamans. The anonymously-written "Manila Manuscript" also emphasized the auxiliary role of gender non-conforming male shamans in relation to the female shamans. These evidences, together with the fact that there were no written accounts of female sex/male gender identification amongst the women who exercised authority within the spiritual sphere, prove that spiritual potency was not dependent upon the identification with a neuter "third" sex/gender space, but rather on the identification with the feminine – whether the biological sex was female or male. Femininity was considered the vehicle to the spirit world during the pre-colonial era, and the male shaman's identification with the feminine reinforced the normative situation of female as shaman. While Brewer (1999) agreed that it is naïve to dismiss the existence of a principal male shaman during the precolonial era, she also argued that such cases were unusual rather than the norm, and that the statistical imbalance in favour of principal male shamans occurred as a result of the influence of the male-centered Hispano-Catholic culture, such that in the late nineteenth century and in the early years of the twentieth century, in some areas like Negros, all the babaylan were male. Lachica (1996) has also hypothesized that the disappearance of female babaylan during the late Spanish colonial period was probably the influence of the male-led Catholic church that "ousted" the female babaylan since the people were looking for parallels to the male clergy.

Paragraph 6:  Ray Ray Lee (voiced by Kath Soucie) - Ray Ray Lee is Juniper's hyperactive, dimwitted 8-year-old little brother. Like Juniper, Ray Ray can see through the magic barrier, though this is not a naturally occurring ability. In the episodes after "Star Quality", he is occasionally seen watching monster TV. When Juniper first gained her powers, a group of demons attempted to drain her powers. Ray Ray unwittingly intervened, causing some of her powers to transfer to him, as seen in "Adventures in Babysitting". Whether or not he'll gain other powers similar to hers remains to be seen, as Ah-Mah has implied that he may over time. He is hyperactive and careless, and often gets himself into trouble when dealing with the magic world. Ray Ray is often over-eager in regards to the magic world, finding every single event involving it, no matter how bad or ominous, to be "cooool." A recurring joke about him is that asks if he has ever run out of energy, where someone would say, "but there's always a first time." He also has a sibling rivalry relationship with Juniper, although it is often seen that he cares for her deeply. Since episode "Feets too big", he has a crush on Lila, the Sasquatch. In the episodes after "O Brother, What Art Thou?", Ray Ray is a homunculus, his mind having been transferred to an artificial body after accidentally mutating his original body into a massive dinosaur by ingesting the growth potion that was supposed to make a giant grow back to his proper size. In "Meet the Parent", Monroe states that Ray Ray has a bladder control problem, though this has never been confirmed, save in "The World According to LARP" when Juniper said that he wet his pants on the jungle gym once, and again in "Dream Date" where he has trouble making it to the bathroom after drinking punch. Since he is very young still, it is probable he will outgrow these tendencies. In "Te Xuan Me", where after Juniper was erased from knowledge he took up being the Te Xuan Ze, and being particularly skilled at his position, even earning Monroe's praise. However, after everything was set back to normal, Ray Ray started to study in magic spells as a way to help his sister in future battles.

Paragraph 7: The convoy begins at night on June 6 on "I-one-oh" (I-10) just outside "Shakeytown" (Los Angeles, California), as the Rubber Duck informs the two trucks that "it's clean clear to Flagtown" (Flagstaff, Arizona) and that he is going to "put the hammer down" ("hammer" being the accelerator pedal) as the convoy plans to "cross the USA." By the time they get to "Tulsatown" (Tulsa, Oklahoma), there are 85 trucks and the "bears / Smokeys" (state police, specifically the highway patrol, who commonly wear the same campaign hats as the United States Forest Service mascot Smokey Bear) have set up a road block on the cloverleaf interchange and have a "bear in the air" (police helicopter). The convoy moves onto Interstate 44, and by the time they reach "Chi-town" (Chicago, Illinois), the convoy—now 1,001 vehicles strong—includes a driver with the handle "Sodbuster", a "suicide jockey" (truck hauling explosives, specifically stated to be dynamite), and "11 long-haired friends of Jesus" (a reference to the then-current Jesus movement subset of Christianity) in a "chartreuse microbus" (VW Type 2).  Rubber Duck has "Sodbuster" put the microbus behind the suicide jockey. Meanwhile, the police have called out "reinforcements from the 'Illi-noise' (Illinois) National Guard" and have filled the "chicken coops" (weigh stations) in an effort to stall and/or break up the convoy. Rubber Duck tells the convoy to disregard the toll as they head for the state border and continue east toward the New Jersey shore, crashing through the toll gate at , well above the national 55 mph limit in place at the time, in the process.

Paragraph 8: The court tried again to suppress the Protestants. In 1671, György Szepelcsenyi, the Archbishop of Esztergom, Leopold Kollonics, bishop of Weiner-Neustadt and the President of the Hungarian Chamber, Ferenc Szegedy, Bishop of Eger, and István Bársony visited the free and important towns one by one with military escorts and took back former (more than 100 years earlier) Catholic churches and schools from Protestants. Citizens of Pozsony, including both men and women, guarded their church for weeks Szelepcsényi was not able to fight against them until, in 1672, Kollonics took matters into his own hands. He brought 1,200 soldiers from Vienna, arresting the nobler citizens for a few weeks and forcing them to hand over their church and school. After that, they built conceptual lawsuits against Protestant pastors. Between 1673 and 1674, they twice made "judicum delegatum" against Protestant priests. The jury members were high priests and secular lords including the judge and other legislatures. The subject of the coup was political crimes — the connection of the Lutheran and Reformed pastors with the pasha of Buda and the plan of an open rebellion, the main evidence of which was the indictment of István Vitnyédy's letters to Miklós Bethlen and Ambrus Keczer. In the end, whoever signed a reversal (a document to resign work as a Protestant priest and leave Hungary) were pardoned. 200 signed, but 40 resisted. Those who refused were sold as galley slaves to Naples (to be saved by Admiral Ruttler's fleet in 1676).

Paragraph 9:  Later stories of Lucky Luke also feature the mother of the Daltons named Ma Dalton who was the fictional aunt of the historical Daltons. Unlike her sons, Ma Dalton was a popular character in her area and the locals agreed to keep her well stocked in food. Not wanting to appear to be an object of charity, Ma would do her shopping with an old gun, the way her male relatives would rob a bank. Customers and staff would just raise their arms and serve her with a smile. Ma later returned to actual crime, allowing her sons to dress up as her in order to rob the banks more easily (the bank managers hesitate to admit that they had been robbed by an old woman). Of all her sons, she appears to prefer Averell but has said that Joe is the one she loves the most. She treats her grown-up sons as if they were still children: washing the mouth of one of them with soap when he uses abusive language and even spanking Joe. In La Ballade des Dalton, it's commented she used to remind Jack to put on his sweater whenever she took them to raids. Ma Dalton was somewhat inspired by real-life Ma Barker.

Paragraph 10: The reconstruction of the palace began in 1722 by Elżbieta Helena Sieniawska. Shortly after Zofia Sieniawska married August Czartoryski on the remains of the burnt down palace, a new palace in the Rococo style was built between 1731-36. Jan Zygmunt Deybel designed the palace, while it was built by Franciszek Mayer. Deybel's project preserved the earlier spatial assumptions. An avenue planted with four rows of trees (later called Królewska Avenue) led to the palace. It crossed in front of the palace entrance with a narrower avenue planted with trees (today's Czartoryskich Street), connecting the Lublin roadway with a winding gorge, the so-called Deep Road. There were (and still are) two courtyards in front of the palace. The front courtyard planted with trees from the side of the entrance was limited by a moat and two guardhouses (still existing today). On its right, farm buildings stretched as far as the Lublin roadway (Piłsudskiego Street). From the front courtyard, through the baroque arcade gate, you enter the courtyard of honour, with a pond in the middle. Single-storey annexes, situated perpendicularly to the palace at the level of the pond, closed the courtyard on two sides. The palace itself has retained the former Tylman framework - a single-storey main body with four alcoves in the corners. The main body had a narrower, three-windowed second floor built up. In order to obtain additional rooms, the alcoves were lengthened parallel to the main axis of the palace and the terrace on the first floor level was removed, combining a significant part of it with the alcoves. A balcony was created on the Vistula side from the rest of the terrace. A two-flight external staircase adjacent to the alcoves, and in the upper section to the main body, led from the courtyard to the representative first floor. The staircase balustrade, the attic over the flat roof of the second floor and the attic surrounding the roofs over the first floor were decorated with sculptures, mostly made by the Hoffmans. The interior and exterior walls of the palace were given rich stucco and ornaments typical of the Rococo style. At the same time, a French-style garden was created near the palace. A gazebo was built in the Lower Garden. The terraces on the slope were covered at the ends with a serpentine staircase. At the level of the palace, behind the left annex, carpeted ground floors and bosquettes were created, behind which was the "Wild Promenade". It was entirely surrounded by a wall and only in places was another fence. The decoration of the second floor on the side avant-corps from the side of backwater and the three central arcades at the main entrance with characteristic sculptures in keystones have survived from that period. The annexes (in the side wings, the central part protruding towards the courtyard) have been preserved - the right-hand side one played the role of an economic annex (formerly it stood separately, today it is connected to the palace), which in the 18th and early 19th century housed the palace kitchen, bakery, etc. On the opposite side, in the same place on the left wing, there was a guesthouse.

Paragraph 11: After this Jack starts coming to their house and "walking out" with Jessica. Meg doesn't want anything to do with him because he is no longer going to be rich as his father disinherited him. Jack enlists and finds out that he has to leave to war he also mentions that his mothers will was read and he is now sole inheritor of the whole estate. He asks Jessica to be his wife but she says yes but to keep it a secret until he gets back. That same day Hester then informs Jessica that she cannot talk to him anymore and that Meg and Jack were just being nice and they are an item. Jack is leaving in week and her mom cooks up a scheme when Joe takes Jessica to the doctor to get checked because she has been really sick that Hester leaves and Meg seduces Jack as a going away "present". At the doctors visit Jessica finds out she is pregnant, her parents suspect that she had intimate relations with Billy Simple on the way to town, but she will not say who the father is. Meg then pretends to be pregnant, forcing Jack to marry her before he leaves, although he loves Jessica. He does make Meg sign a paper saying she and Hester will receive none of his estate unless she actually gives birth or has a miscarriage. Her mother tells the town that Jessica has gone crazy, so had to be isolated (during her pregnancy). Hester and Meg have a plan to have a miscarriage with witnesses but the witness sees Jessica's pregnancy while she is there so Jessica's father and mother suffocate her and Hester comes up with a plan to take Jessica's baby after it is born. Jessica's baby is born Christmas Day and Joe has a change of heart and decides not to take her baby. Jessica's father tries to kill Jessica's mother, his wife because he is done with everything but he has a heart attack. They convince Jessica to come back for the funeral with the baby and to go to the funeral without Joey because no one knows she had a baby. Then at the funeral, when they announce that Meg gave birth, Jessica breaks down, screaming that they stole her baby and attacks Hester.

Paragraph 12: In 1991, Larrieux met Mantronix member Bryce Wilson at Rondor Music. Wilson, who wanted to begin his solo career as producer and musician, was looking for a vocalist to work with. Wilson and Larrieux began to produce demos together and subsequently formed the duo Groove Theory. Their debut release, Groove Theory, spawned several radio hits such as "Tell Me", "Keep Tryin'", and "Baby Luv". The duo were also featured in successful motion picture soundtracks such as 1996's Sunset Park and 1997's Love Jones. Larrieux, pursuing a solo career, would not be involved in the duo's eventually-shelved second album The Answer. Makeda Davis would step in as lead singer in 1999 until Groove Theory officially disbanded in 2001. Larrieux said of leaving the group, "You have to make a bunch of compromises and .. you know, I just couldn't go on forever. We wanted different things and a combination of that and the label wanting different things from us just made me decide that it was time to move on."

Paragraph 13: Shane returns to Erinsborough after 34 years and is celebrating with friends when he accidentally strikes Paul with a champagne cork. Paul invites Shane up to his penthouse, where he meets his son Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). Shane meets up with Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) and Jane Harris (Annie Jones) in the local café. Jane and Shane reminisce about the time they got lost in the bush together. He then meets Paul's ex-wife, Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou), and his half-brother, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett). Shane later tells Paul that he wants to buy into Lassiters as a fair and equal partner, having made his fortune through cryptocurrency. Shane tells Jane about his plans and she says that going into business with Paul would be the worst decision he could make. Tim Collins (Ben Anderson) gives Shane information about Paul's scandals which prompts him to reconsider going into business with him. Shane requests to buy Paul out of his share of Lassiters, which Paul initially rejects but Lucy Robinson (Melissa Bell) attempts to secure the deal. After the deal is finalised, Shane sees a For Sale sign in front of his old house and calls Maria to tell her that he is considering buying. Shane meets Izzy Hoyland (Natalie Bassingthwaite) and they flirt, before kissing in Shane's car, but when Shane finds out she is already in a relationship, Izzy leaves. The pair later have sex in Shane's hotel room, after Izzy ends her relationship. When Paul decides to stay in Erinsborough, Shane agrees to rip up the Lassiters contract. He joins Jane and Mike Young at a party on Ramsay Street, where he remarks that he needs someone to take Number 24 off his hands. Mike later makes an offer on the house, matching the amount that Shane was going to pay. Shane tells Jane that he asked some old friends of hers to stop by; she greets Charlene and her husband Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan). As the party continues, Shane talks with Lucy, and Izzy later comes over to be with him.

Paragraph 14: Dowling, Goldie, Law and Mulhearn were charged under the Defence (Special Undertakings) Act 1952. The Act has not been used previously and carries a maximum jail sentence of 7 years, with an additional two years for taking photographs within the base. The four had a three-week Supreme court trial in June 2007 heard by Judge Sally Thomas. The Commonwealth was represented by up to seven lawyers including two QC's. The prosecution started their case by attempting to have the defendants placed under house arrest for the duration of the trial. Judge Thomas rejected this application. But Commonwealth lawyers successfully argued that no evidence would be allowed which was covered by "Public Interest Immunity" legislation or "Parliamentary Privilege". Despite this, the accused attempted to recount the role of Pine Gap in the occupation of Iraq. Mulhearn recounted her personal witness of the deaths caused by Allied bombing in Iraq. She described walking through pools of blood in a Baghdad market place. Some of that blood, she alleged, was still on the boots she wore into court that day. She claimed there was a direct between that blood and the role of Pine Gap in providing targeting information for the bombs that were dropped on that marketplace. Jim Dowling attempted to dramatise the Role of Raytheon Corporation who made all the Cruise Missiles fired on the people of Iraq and also at the Taliban. Raytheon also have the sole contract for all maintenance at Pine Gap and are the largest non-government employer at the Base. After five hours the jury found the Pine Gap 4, including Dowling, guilty of all charges. Judge Sally Thomas declined to send them to jail, rejecting strong demands from the prosecution to do so. She fined them a total of $3300 between them plus $10,000 damages. All have so far refused to pay. After the trial the prosecution launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentences in another attempt to have the Pine Gap4 jailed. They were later acquitted by a unanimous decision of the full bench of the Northern Territory Court of Criminal Appeal.

Paragraph 15:  Later stories of Lucky Luke also feature the mother of the Daltons named Ma Dalton who was the fictional aunt of the historical Daltons. Unlike her sons, Ma Dalton was a popular character in her area and the locals agreed to keep her well stocked in food. Not wanting to appear to be an object of charity, Ma would do her shopping with an old gun, the way her male relatives would rob a bank. Customers and staff would just raise their arms and serve her with a smile. Ma later returned to actual crime, allowing her sons to dress up as her in order to rob the banks more easily (the bank managers hesitate to admit that they had been robbed by an old woman). Of all her sons, she appears to prefer Averell but has said that Joe is the one she loves the most. She treats her grown-up sons as if they were still children: washing the mouth of one of them with soap when he uses abusive language and even spanking Joe. In La Ballade des Dalton, it's commented she used to remind Jack to put on his sweater whenever she took them to raids. Ma Dalton was somewhat inspired by real-life Ma Barker.

Paragraph 16: “The making of sculpture may be taken as a desire for wholeness: The recognition of one’s identity as part of the earth and its materials. In the confrontation of one’s inner image with physical materials, a dialogue begins and the result is a sculptural statement. Through this dialogue an attempt is made to clarify subject and object matter. The subject matter is the discovery, and not how much I know as I fabricate the sculpture. The object matter is the myriad of personal preconceptions that we transfer on to materials. People, cultures, other objects, past events - All become the excess baggage of symbols carried around with us. become the basis of abstract object art. Out of this confrontation, what we look for is the art of “The real.” The real is the dialogue between fabricator and his materials, not a dialogue with oneself. One wants to touch, walk the earth, and create a place for events. The material I have chosen to have a working dialogue with is stone. Stone, one of the oldest sculptural materials, not to be confused with its architectural use, has been limited by its outer boundaries, the monolithic block. I have attempted to overcome this by utilizing work methods derived from constructivism, the pitting together of separate blocks allowing space to become an active part of the sculpture. This is a unifying method of working that allows each unit of my sculptures to create its own reasons for existence. The process is analogous to crystallization. First there is the idea, the basis of an internal ordering of structure, expanded or split into different units. From this, the resulting segmentation of a conceptual idea through physical units hints at the crystallization. They become like stars in the night sky, each defined by its own space, but perceived together they make up the fabric of a universe.” —Bradford Graves.

Paragraph 17: The court tried again to suppress the Protestants. In 1671, György Szepelcsenyi, the Archbishop of Esztergom, Leopold Kollonics, bishop of Weiner-Neustadt and the President of the Hungarian Chamber, Ferenc Szegedy, Bishop of Eger, and István Bársony visited the free and important towns one by one with military escorts and took back former (more than 100 years earlier) Catholic churches and schools from Protestants. Citizens of Pozsony, including both men and women, guarded their church for weeks Szelepcsényi was not able to fight against them until, in 1672, Kollonics took matters into his own hands. He brought 1,200 soldiers from Vienna, arresting the nobler citizens for a few weeks and forcing them to hand over their church and school. After that, they built conceptual lawsuits against Protestant pastors. Between 1673 and 1674, they twice made "judicum delegatum" against Protestant priests. The jury members were high priests and secular lords including the judge and other legislatures. The subject of the coup was political crimes — the connection of the Lutheran and Reformed pastors with the pasha of Buda and the plan of an open rebellion, the main evidence of which was the indictment of István Vitnyédy's letters to Miklós Bethlen and Ambrus Keczer. In the end, whoever signed a reversal (a document to resign work as a Protestant priest and leave Hungary) were pardoned. 200 signed, but 40 resisted. Those who refused were sold as galley slaves to Naples (to be saved by Admiral Ruttler's fleet in 1676).

Paragraph 18: In addition to off-the-field troubles in January, Adams also had to deal with an injury crisis to his small squad; already missing Ryan Burge and Lewis Haldane with long-term injuries, the treatment room also welcomed Marc Richards, Rob Taylor, Gareth Owen, Tom Pope and Lee Collins. Vale suffered four consecutive defeats, before managing to turn things around by the end of the month with 1–0 wins over Rotherham United and Plymouth Argyle. On 14 February, midfielders Chris Shuker and Paul Marshall joined the club on non-contract terms. However the treatment room grew more busy, as Adam Yates and Tom Pope picked up injuries requiring several weeks of rest. The club expected to receive a boost when Trinidad and Tobago international Chris Birchall returned from the Los Angeles Galaxy to play for the club on a month-by-month basis; however the club were hit by a transfer embargo by the Football League on 25 February for failing to pay a bill. Nevertheless performances on the pitch were solid, and Vale entered the Crewe derby having won four and drawn one of their last five games. The derby finished honours even again at 1–1, with a late header from Byron Moore cancelling out the own goal scored by Crewe skipper David Artell. A 2–1 home defeat by Barnet on 10 March ended Vale's run of eight game unbeaten; combined with a ten-point deduction for entering administration, the club slipped from 9th to 14th in the space of 24 hours. Promising young defender Lee Collins was the first the leave the club post-administration, joining Championship side Barnsley on a loan deal worth £50,000 to the Vale on 15 March. The drama continued in the game against Shrewsbury Town on 27 March, as the match was abandoned after 64 minutes due to a fire caused by the failure of the floodlights at the New Meadow. With the season drawing to a close, Adams began developing his squad for the following season, and announced that he had 'reluctantly' released defender Charlie Raglan, without giving him his first team debut. He offered contracts to all but three players: Chris Martin, Phil Roe, and Paul Marshall; he also placed Burge on the transfer list. Aside from Lee Collins, the first player to reject a contract with Vale to move elsewhere was Anthony Griffith, who signed a two-year deal with League One side Leyton Orient. The first out-of-contract players to pledge their futures to Port Vale were Rob Taylor (two years), Lewis Haldane (six months), Ben Williamson (one year), and Sam Johnson (one year). Days later it was announced that Sean Rigg had signed with Oxford United, whilst Clayton McDonald confirmed that he would accept Vale's offer of a new one-year deal. However the biggest blow to fan's hopes of promotion came when it was announced that talismanic top-scorer Marc Richards had signed a two-year deal with relegated League One side Chesterfield. June began with John McCombe and Tom Pope both agreeing to sign new deals with the club. The only player to reject the club's offer of a new contract despite not signing a contract elsewhere was goalkeeper Stuart Tomlinson; he eventually ended up at Burton Albion.

Paragraph 19: After this Jack starts coming to their house and "walking out" with Jessica. Meg doesn't want anything to do with him because he is no longer going to be rich as his father disinherited him. Jack enlists and finds out that he has to leave to war he also mentions that his mothers will was read and he is now sole inheritor of the whole estate. He asks Jessica to be his wife but she says yes but to keep it a secret until he gets back. That same day Hester then informs Jessica that she cannot talk to him anymore and that Meg and Jack were just being nice and they are an item. Jack is leaving in week and her mom cooks up a scheme when Joe takes Jessica to the doctor to get checked because she has been really sick that Hester leaves and Meg seduces Jack as a going away "present". At the doctors visit Jessica finds out she is pregnant, her parents suspect that she had intimate relations with Billy Simple on the way to town, but she will not say who the father is. Meg then pretends to be pregnant, forcing Jack to marry her before he leaves, although he loves Jessica. He does make Meg sign a paper saying she and Hester will receive none of his estate unless she actually gives birth or has a miscarriage. Her mother tells the town that Jessica has gone crazy, so had to be isolated (during her pregnancy). Hester and Meg have a plan to have a miscarriage with witnesses but the witness sees Jessica's pregnancy while she is there so Jessica's father and mother suffocate her and Hester comes up with a plan to take Jessica's baby after it is born. Jessica's baby is born Christmas Day and Joe has a change of heart and decides not to take her baby. Jessica's father tries to kill Jessica's mother, his wife because he is done with everything but he has a heart attack. They convince Jessica to come back for the funeral with the baby and to go to the funeral without Joey because no one knows she had a baby. Then at the funeral, when they announce that Meg gave birth, Jessica breaks down, screaming that they stole her baby and attacks Hester.

Paragraph 20: Looney Labs has also licensed the Aquarius format to Covenant Communications, Inc. to produce a Mormon-themed version of the game called Search, Ponder & Play! Based on the First Edition of Aquarius, the five Elements in  the regular game have been replaced with 5 photos representing Mormon concepts: the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Pearl of Great Price, Doctrine & Covenants, and the Book of Mormon. In addition, the 5 actions have been renamed (in order listed above) Swap, Stir, Shake, Fetch & Flip. The only major change to gameplay is the inclusion of a score pad and rules instructing the players to keep score through multiple rounds until someone wins with one of each of the five victory elements. The game is available through both Looney Labs' online store and through Covenant Communications' own site.

Paragraph 21: The convoy begins at night on June 6 on "I-one-oh" (I-10) just outside "Shakeytown" (Los Angeles, California), as the Rubber Duck informs the two trucks that "it's clean clear to Flagtown" (Flagstaff, Arizona) and that he is going to "put the hammer down" ("hammer" being the accelerator pedal) as the convoy plans to "cross the USA." By the time they get to "Tulsatown" (Tulsa, Oklahoma), there are 85 trucks and the "bears / Smokeys" (state police, specifically the highway patrol, who commonly wear the same campaign hats as the United States Forest Service mascot Smokey Bear) have set up a road block on the cloverleaf interchange and have a "bear in the air" (police helicopter). The convoy moves onto Interstate 44, and by the time they reach "Chi-town" (Chicago, Illinois), the convoy—now 1,001 vehicles strong—includes a driver with the handle "Sodbuster", a "suicide jockey" (truck hauling explosives, specifically stated to be dynamite), and "11 long-haired friends of Jesus" (a reference to the then-current Jesus movement subset of Christianity) in a "chartreuse microbus" (VW Type 2).  Rubber Duck has "Sodbuster" put the microbus behind the suicide jockey. Meanwhile, the police have called out "reinforcements from the 'Illi-noise' (Illinois) National Guard" and have filled the "chicken coops" (weigh stations) in an effort to stall and/or break up the convoy. Rubber Duck tells the convoy to disregard the toll as they head for the state border and continue east toward the New Jersey shore, crashing through the toll gate at , well above the national 55 mph limit in place at the time, in the process.

Paragraph 22: During the British raj, it was also known as "Beuleah" and was the administrative headquarters of Rajshahi district in Eastern Bengal and Assam. It was originally chosen as a commercial factory for the silk trade, which was being officially encouraged by the agricultural department of that time. The town contained a government college, and an industrial school for sericulture. Most of the public buildings were severely damaged by the earthquake of 12 June 1897. Throughout much of the early part of the twentieth century there was a daily steamer service on the Ganges which connected it to rail-heads that led to the then provincial capital of Calcutta as well as other cities in the province of Bengal.

Paragraph 23: All of the football fans in Pittsburgh had Thanksgiving Day circled on their calendar.  Could the unbeaten, unscored upon Western University finally beat the 6–3 State College eleven?  State College had lost to eastern heavyweights Yale, Penn and Navy.  The State College lineup was missing three starters due to injury – running back Carl Forkum, tackle Andy Moscrip and end Charles Campbell.  The WUP lineup was healthy and well prepared.  The students paraded to the stadium behind a band of forty instruments.  The light drizzle probably kept the crowd from totaling ten thousand but did not dampen the enthusiasm of the fans that braved the weather. The WUP defense held the Lions on their opening drive and forced a punt.  The WUP offense led by their strong backfield of Joe Thompson, Jud Schmidt and Omar Mehl marched the ball down the field.  Jud Schmidt finally scored from the half yard line.  Joe Edgar was successful on the goal kick after and WUP led 6–0.  WUP received the ensuing kickoff but the State College defense forced a punt.  On first down Irish McIlveen fumbled and Frank Rugh recovered for the WUP on the State College nineteen yard line.  On third down, Omar Mehl scored from eleven yards out.  Edgar was again successful on the goal kick.  After an exchange of possessions, Jud Schmidt broke loose on a sixty-seven-yard scamper deep into State College territory.  Three plays later Schmidt punched the pigskin in from the three and WUP led 17–0 at halftime.  Mehl scored his second touchdown early in the second half.  Coach Mosse made wholesale substitutions to get everybody enough playing time to qualify for a letter.  State College halfback Irish McIlveen scored a touchdown late in the game to make the final score 22–5.  The WUP lineup for the game against Penn State was Theodore Perry (left end), Leslie Waddill (left tackle), Waldy Zieg (left guard), Arthur McKean (center), Joe Edgar (right guard), Calvin Marshall (right tackle), Walter East (right end), Frank Rugh (quarterback), Joe Thompson (left halfback), Jud Schmidt (right halfback) and Omar Mehl (fullback).  Substitutions during the game were: Henry Boisseau replaced Ted Perry at left end; Curt Leidenroth replaced Arthur McKean at center; Frank Righter replaced Waltert East at right end; Walter Ritchie replaced Frank Rugh at quarterback; and James McCormick replaced Jud Schmidt at right halfback.  The game consisted of thirty-five-minute halves.

Paragraph 24: Using reaction time, Donders constructed what is known as reaction time, and three distinct ways to analyze it. The common version was task A (simple). When Donders’s conducted task A, he stimulated the participant’s foot in order to measure the fastest hand reaction. Participants were made known ahead of time that they would be measuring how fast the response of their hand was (which enabled them to better sense the stimulation). Donder’s task B (choice) consisted of stimulation in the right hand and measuring the response of the right foot. This task had the same goals as task A; On top of that the subject’s ability to discriminate the stimulus and point out the stimulus was also measured and requires the intervention of a response decision. The third distinct task was known as the C task (Go/No-go task)  To analyze this task Donder stimulated the both feet of participants. Participants were asked to respond with their right hand when they felt stimulation in the right foot, but not to do the same with the left side. This task was also designed to measure the participants ability to detect stimuli and offer the requested response. Donders’s task C cannot be performed without intervention of stimulus discrimination occurring within the sensory and motor process. He represents the durations of these processes labeling them as a-, b- and c- methods (example a/-a = eat/don’t eat) In order to utilize these methods Donders used the speech repetition task  Different patterns were used for different methods. The pattern of reaction time is a<c<b. Donders taught that c-a can find the discrimination duration, and that b-c can find the choice duration. When learning to measure the speed of thought, Franciscus Donders was not keen of using electromagnetism to measure. He claimed that as the intensity changed, so would the results. Instead he looked at devices such as the phonautograph to graph out the speed of human speech. 

Paragraph 25:  Ray Ray Lee (voiced by Kath Soucie) - Ray Ray Lee is Juniper's hyperactive, dimwitted 8-year-old little brother. Like Juniper, Ray Ray can see through the magic barrier, though this is not a naturally occurring ability. In the episodes after "Star Quality", he is occasionally seen watching monster TV. When Juniper first gained her powers, a group of demons attempted to drain her powers. Ray Ray unwittingly intervened, causing some of her powers to transfer to him, as seen in "Adventures in Babysitting". Whether or not he'll gain other powers similar to hers remains to be seen, as Ah-Mah has implied that he may over time. He is hyperactive and careless, and often gets himself into trouble when dealing with the magic world. Ray Ray is often over-eager in regards to the magic world, finding every single event involving it, no matter how bad or ominous, to be "cooool." A recurring joke about him is that asks if he has ever run out of energy, where someone would say, "but there's always a first time." He also has a sibling rivalry relationship with Juniper, although it is often seen that he cares for her deeply. Since episode "Feets too big", he has a crush on Lila, the Sasquatch. In the episodes after "O Brother, What Art Thou?", Ray Ray is a homunculus, his mind having been transferred to an artificial body after accidentally mutating his original body into a massive dinosaur by ingesting the growth potion that was supposed to make a giant grow back to his proper size. In "Meet the Parent", Monroe states that Ray Ray has a bladder control problem, though this has never been confirmed, save in "The World According to LARP" when Juniper said that he wet his pants on the jungle gym once, and again in "Dream Date" where he has trouble making it to the bathroom after drinking punch. Since he is very young still, it is probable he will outgrow these tendencies. In "Te Xuan Me", where after Juniper was erased from knowledge he took up being the Te Xuan Ze, and being particularly skilled at his position, even earning Monroe's praise. However, after everything was set back to normal, Ray Ray started to study in magic spells as a way to help his sister in future battles.

Paragraph 26: Citizens Area Transit ("CAT") was formed by the RTC to provide reliable bus service to the cities of Las Vegas, North Las Vegas, Henderson, Las Vegas Township, Mesquite, and Laughlin. The system began on November 15, 1992 under the direction of Kurt Weinrich, its general manager. Initially the old LVT routes were operated unchanged except for route 6–The Strip, which LVT still retained. The system was totally reconfigured and Strip service begun December 5, 1992. The fleet consisted of mostly old vehicles such as Flxible Grummans, GMC RTSs, TMC RTSs and Gillig Phantoms. They had also purchased 90 new New Flyer D40HFs. The initial route structure was soon seen as deficient and  second complete revision was made in June on 1993. Soon after, CAT began to catch on with the city and blossomed. In 1997, the American Public Transportation Association awarded CAT with their highest honor, Best Transit System in America (within its category). However, things began to change in the following years. In 2002, The Amalgamated Transit Union and the bus contractor, ATC, began contract renewal negotiations, but the two sides were unable to reach a compromise on operators' wages and in May of that year, CAT suffered its first strike. Several drivers walked off the job and onto the picket lines, and service had to be suspended on several routes. Coach operators from sister agencies were called in to drive the buses and serve the city before a settlement was reached.

Paragraph 27: Using reaction time, Donders constructed what is known as reaction time, and three distinct ways to analyze it. The common version was task A (simple). When Donders’s conducted task A, he stimulated the participant’s foot in order to measure the fastest hand reaction. Participants were made known ahead of time that they would be measuring how fast the response of their hand was (which enabled them to better sense the stimulation). Donder’s task B (choice) consisted of stimulation in the right hand and measuring the response of the right foot. This task had the same goals as task A; On top of that the subject’s ability to discriminate the stimulus and point out the stimulus was also measured and requires the intervention of a response decision. The third distinct task was known as the C task (Go/No-go task)  To analyze this task Donder stimulated the both feet of participants. Participants were asked to respond with their right hand when they felt stimulation in the right foot, but not to do the same with the left side. This task was also designed to measure the participants ability to detect stimuli and offer the requested response. Donders’s task C cannot be performed without intervention of stimulus discrimination occurring within the sensory and motor process. He represents the durations of these processes labeling them as a-, b- and c- methods (example a/-a = eat/don’t eat) In order to utilize these methods Donders used the speech repetition task  Different patterns were used for different methods. The pattern of reaction time is a<c<b. Donders taught that c-a can find the discrimination duration, and that b-c can find the choice duration. When learning to measure the speed of thought, Franciscus Donders was not keen of using electromagnetism to measure. He claimed that as the intensity changed, so would the results. Instead he looked at devices such as the phonautograph to graph out the speed of human speech. 

Paragraph 28: The plans to build "Đerdap III" were also made. It wouldn't be a classical power plant with another dam, but was planned to use the hydro-electrical potential of the already existing Lake Đerdap. The reversible hydro plant was projected in the vicinity of Donji Milanovac, on the park territory in the Pesače section. The original projects are from the late 1960s, when Đerdap I was still in construction. Some preparatory works have been done in the 1970s on the location of Debelo Brdo, upstream of the mouth of the Boljetinska reka into the lake, but the idea was abandoned due to the worsening of the economic situation in Yugoslavia in the late 1970s and the power plant was never built. The concept envisioned the lifting of the lake water by the pumps from the height of , to the projected pools of Pesača and Brodica, with the capacity of , and only in the periods of the electricity surplus. During the dry or winter periods, Đerdap II would work as the classical hydro plant but using only stored waters which would fall for  onto the turbines. As the entire facility and the auxiliary objects would be built on the bank of the Danube, it would be cheaper than building them on the land, as in thermo-electrical plants, and it would have twice the capacity of the Đerdap I or Kostolac thermal plant. The plant would produce 2,400 megawatts of electricity, which would cover the present consumption in the state and made Serbia an exporter of the electricity. Also, due to the mechanism of the electricity production, it wouldn't have negative consequences on the park's eco-system.

Paragraph 29: All of the football fans in Pittsburgh had Thanksgiving Day circled on their calendar.  Could the unbeaten, unscored upon Western University finally beat the 6–3 State College eleven?  State College had lost to eastern heavyweights Yale, Penn and Navy.  The State College lineup was missing three starters due to injury – running back Carl Forkum, tackle Andy Moscrip and end Charles Campbell.  The WUP lineup was healthy and well prepared.  The students paraded to the stadium behind a band of forty instruments.  The light drizzle probably kept the crowd from totaling ten thousand but did not dampen the enthusiasm of the fans that braved the weather. The WUP defense held the Lions on their opening drive and forced a punt.  The WUP offense led by their strong backfield of Joe Thompson, Jud Schmidt and Omar Mehl marched the ball down the field.  Jud Schmidt finally scored from the half yard line.  Joe Edgar was successful on the goal kick after and WUP led 6–0.  WUP received the ensuing kickoff but the State College defense forced a punt.  On first down Irish McIlveen fumbled and Frank Rugh recovered for the WUP on the State College nineteen yard line.  On third down, Omar Mehl scored from eleven yards out.  Edgar was again successful on the goal kick.  After an exchange of possessions, Jud Schmidt broke loose on a sixty-seven-yard scamper deep into State College territory.  Three plays later Schmidt punched the pigskin in from the three and WUP led 17–0 at halftime.  Mehl scored his second touchdown early in the second half.  Coach Mosse made wholesale substitutions to get everybody enough playing time to qualify for a letter.  State College halfback Irish McIlveen scored a touchdown late in the game to make the final score 22–5.  The WUP lineup for the game against Penn State was Theodore Perry (left end), Leslie Waddill (left tackle), Waldy Zieg (left guard), Arthur McKean (center), Joe Edgar (right guard), Calvin Marshall (right tackle), Walter East (right end), Frank Rugh (quarterback), Joe Thompson (left halfback), Jud Schmidt (right halfback) and Omar Mehl (fullback).  Substitutions during the game were: Henry Boisseau replaced Ted Perry at left end; Curt Leidenroth replaced Arthur McKean at center; Frank Righter replaced Waltert East at right end; Walter Ritchie replaced Frank Rugh at quarterback; and James McCormick replaced Jud Schmidt at right halfback.  The game consisted of thirty-five-minute halves.

Paragraph 30: Shane returns to Erinsborough after 34 years and is celebrating with friends when he accidentally strikes Paul with a champagne cork. Paul invites Shane up to his penthouse, where he meets his son Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). Shane meets up with Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) and Jane Harris (Annie Jones) in the local café. Jane and Shane reminisce about the time they got lost in the bush together. He then meets Paul's ex-wife, Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou), and his half-brother, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett). Shane later tells Paul that he wants to buy into Lassiters as a fair and equal partner, having made his fortune through cryptocurrency. Shane tells Jane about his plans and she says that going into business with Paul would be the worst decision he could make. Tim Collins (Ben Anderson) gives Shane information about Paul's scandals which prompts him to reconsider going into business with him. Shane requests to buy Paul out of his share of Lassiters, which Paul initially rejects but Lucy Robinson (Melissa Bell) attempts to secure the deal. After the deal is finalised, Shane sees a For Sale sign in front of his old house and calls Maria to tell her that he is considering buying. Shane meets Izzy Hoyland (Natalie Bassingthwaite) and they flirt, before kissing in Shane's car, but when Shane finds out she is already in a relationship, Izzy leaves. The pair later have sex in Shane's hotel room, after Izzy ends her relationship. When Paul decides to stay in Erinsborough, Shane agrees to rip up the Lassiters contract. He joins Jane and Mike Young at a party on Ramsay Street, where he remarks that he needs someone to take Number 24 off his hands. Mike later makes an offer on the house, matching the amount that Shane was going to pay. Shane tells Jane that he asked some old friends of hers to stop by; she greets Charlene and her husband Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan). As the party continues, Shane talks with Lucy, and Izzy later comes over to be with him.

Paragraph 31: Using reaction time, Donders constructed what is known as reaction time, and three distinct ways to analyze it. The common version was task A (simple). When Donders’s conducted task A, he stimulated the participant’s foot in order to measure the fastest hand reaction. Participants were made known ahead of time that they would be measuring how fast the response of their hand was (which enabled them to better sense the stimulation). Donder’s task B (choice) consisted of stimulation in the right hand and measuring the response of the right foot. This task had the same goals as task A; On top of that the subject’s ability to discriminate the stimulus and point out the stimulus was also measured and requires the intervention of a response decision. The third distinct task was known as the C task (Go/No-go task)  To analyze this task Donder stimulated the both feet of participants. Participants were asked to respond with their right hand when they felt stimulation in the right foot, but not to do the same with the left side. This task was also designed to measure the participants ability to detect stimuli and offer the requested response. Donders’s task C cannot be performed without intervention of stimulus discrimination occurring within the sensory and motor process. He represents the durations of these processes labeling them as a-, b- and c- methods (example a/-a = eat/don’t eat) In order to utilize these methods Donders used the speech repetition task  Different patterns were used for different methods. The pattern of reaction time is a<c<b. Donders taught that c-a can find the discrimination duration, and that b-c can find the choice duration. When learning to measure the speed of thought, Franciscus Donders was not keen of using electromagnetism to measure. He claimed that as the intensity changed, so would the results. Instead he looked at devices such as the phonautograph to graph out the speed of human speech. 

Paragraph 32: Dowling, Goldie, Law and Mulhearn were charged under the Defence (Special Undertakings) Act 1952. The Act has not been used previously and carries a maximum jail sentence of 7 years, with an additional two years for taking photographs within the base. The four had a three-week Supreme court trial in June 2007 heard by Judge Sally Thomas. The Commonwealth was represented by up to seven lawyers including two QC's. The prosecution started their case by attempting to have the defendants placed under house arrest for the duration of the trial. Judge Thomas rejected this application. But Commonwealth lawyers successfully argued that no evidence would be allowed which was covered by "Public Interest Immunity" legislation or "Parliamentary Privilege". Despite this, the accused attempted to recount the role of Pine Gap in the occupation of Iraq. Mulhearn recounted her personal witness of the deaths caused by Allied bombing in Iraq. She described walking through pools of blood in a Baghdad market place. Some of that blood, she alleged, was still on the boots she wore into court that day. She claimed there was a direct between that blood and the role of Pine Gap in providing targeting information for the bombs that were dropped on that marketplace. Jim Dowling attempted to dramatise the Role of Raytheon Corporation who made all the Cruise Missiles fired on the people of Iraq and also at the Taliban. Raytheon also have the sole contract for all maintenance at Pine Gap and are the largest non-government employer at the Base. After five hours the jury found the Pine Gap 4, including Dowling, guilty of all charges. Judge Sally Thomas declined to send them to jail, rejecting strong demands from the prosecution to do so. She fined them a total of $3300 between them plus $10,000 damages. All have so far refused to pay. After the trial the prosecution launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentences in another attempt to have the Pine Gap4 jailed. They were later acquitted by a unanimous decision of the full bench of the Northern Territory Court of Criminal Appeal.

Paragraph 33:  Later stories of Lucky Luke also feature the mother of the Daltons named Ma Dalton who was the fictional aunt of the historical Daltons. Unlike her sons, Ma Dalton was a popular character in her area and the locals agreed to keep her well stocked in food. Not wanting to appear to be an object of charity, Ma would do her shopping with an old gun, the way her male relatives would rob a bank. Customers and staff would just raise their arms and serve her with a smile. Ma later returned to actual crime, allowing her sons to dress up as her in order to rob the banks more easily (the bank managers hesitate to admit that they had been robbed by an old woman). Of all her sons, she appears to prefer Averell but has said that Joe is the one she loves the most. She treats her grown-up sons as if they were still children: washing the mouth of one of them with soap when he uses abusive language and even spanking Joe. In La Ballade des Dalton, it's commented she used to remind Jack to put on his sweater whenever she took them to raids. Ma Dalton was somewhat inspired by real-life Ma Barker.

Paragraph 34: Dowling, Goldie, Law and Mulhearn were charged under the Defence (Special Undertakings) Act 1952. The Act has not been used previously and carries a maximum jail sentence of 7 years, with an additional two years for taking photographs within the base. The four had a three-week Supreme court trial in June 2007 heard by Judge Sally Thomas. The Commonwealth was represented by up to seven lawyers including two QC's. The prosecution started their case by attempting to have the defendants placed under house arrest for the duration of the trial. Judge Thomas rejected this application. But Commonwealth lawyers successfully argued that no evidence would be allowed which was covered by "Public Interest Immunity" legislation or "Parliamentary Privilege". Despite this, the accused attempted to recount the role of Pine Gap in the occupation of Iraq. Mulhearn recounted her personal witness of the deaths caused by Allied bombing in Iraq. She described walking through pools of blood in a Baghdad market place. Some of that blood, she alleged, was still on the boots she wore into court that day. She claimed there was a direct between that blood and the role of Pine Gap in providing targeting information for the bombs that were dropped on that marketplace. Jim Dowling attempted to dramatise the Role of Raytheon Corporation who made all the Cruise Missiles fired on the people of Iraq and also at the Taliban. Raytheon also have the sole contract for all maintenance at Pine Gap and are the largest non-government employer at the Base. After five hours the jury found the Pine Gap 4, including Dowling, guilty of all charges. Judge Sally Thomas declined to send them to jail, rejecting strong demands from the prosecution to do so. She fined them a total of $3300 between them plus $10,000 damages. All have so far refused to pay. After the trial the prosecution launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentences in another attempt to have the Pine Gap4 jailed. They were later acquitted by a unanimous decision of the full bench of the Northern Territory Court of Criminal Appeal.

Paragraph 35:  Later stories of Lucky Luke also feature the mother of the Daltons named Ma Dalton who was the fictional aunt of the historical Daltons. Unlike her sons, Ma Dalton was a popular character in her area and the locals agreed to keep her well stocked in food. Not wanting to appear to be an object of charity, Ma would do her shopping with an old gun, the way her male relatives would rob a bank. Customers and staff would just raise their arms and serve her with a smile. Ma later returned to actual crime, allowing her sons to dress up as her in order to rob the banks more easily (the bank managers hesitate to admit that they had been robbed by an old woman). Of all her sons, she appears to prefer Averell but has said that Joe is the one she loves the most. She treats her grown-up sons as if they were still children: washing the mouth of one of them with soap when he uses abusive language and even spanking Joe. In La Ballade des Dalton, it's commented she used to remind Jack to put on his sweater whenever she took them to raids. Ma Dalton was somewhat inspired by real-life Ma Barker.

Paragraph 36: During the British raj, it was also known as "Beuleah" and was the administrative headquarters of Rajshahi district in Eastern Bengal and Assam. It was originally chosen as a commercial factory for the silk trade, which was being officially encouraged by the agricultural department of that time. The town contained a government college, and an industrial school for sericulture. Most of the public buildings were severely damaged by the earthquake of 12 June 1897. Throughout much of the early part of the twentieth century there was a daily steamer service on the Ganges which connected it to rail-heads that led to the then provincial capital of Calcutta as well as other cities in the province of Bengal.

Paragraph 37: The modern Coast Guard was created in 1915 by the merger of the United States Revenue Cutter Service and the United States Lifesaving Service, but its roots go back to the early days of the Republic. Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton lobbied Congress to authorize a "system of cutters" to enforce tariffs, which were a major source of revenue for the new nation. On 4 August 1790 (now recognized as the Coast Guard's official birthday), Congress passed the Tariff Act, permitting the construction of ten cutters and the recruitment of 40 revenue officers. Each cutter was assigned one master and three mates who were commissioned officers. In addition, each cutter was allowed four mariners and two boys. The cutters were collectively referred to as the "Revenue-Marine," but were not part of an organized service or agency. Each revenue cutter operated independently, with each assigned to patrol a section of the east coast and reporting directly to the Customs House in a major port. From 1790, when the Continental Navy was disbanded, to 1798, when the United States Navy was created, these "revenue cutters" were the country's only naval force. As such, the cutters and their crews took on a wide variety of duties beyond the enforcement of tariffs, including combating piracy, rescuing mariners in distress, ferrying government officials, and even carrying mail. In 1794, the Revenue-Marine was given the mission of preventing trading in slaves from Africa to the United States. Between 1794 and 1865, the Revenue-Marine captured approximately 500 slave ships. In 1808, the Revenue-Marine was responsible for enforcing President Thomas Jefferson's embargo closing U.S. ports to European trade. The 1822 Timber Act tasked the Revenue Cutter Service with protecting government timber from poachers (this is viewed as the beginning of the Coast Guard's environmental protection mission). During times of war or crisis, the revenue cutters and their crews were put at the disposal of the Navy. The Revenue-Marine involved in the Quasi-War with France from 1798 to 1799, the War of 1812, West Indies Anti-Piracy Operation and the Mexican–American War.

Paragraph 38:  Ray Ray Lee (voiced by Kath Soucie) - Ray Ray Lee is Juniper's hyperactive, dimwitted 8-year-old little brother. Like Juniper, Ray Ray can see through the magic barrier, though this is not a naturally occurring ability. In the episodes after "Star Quality", he is occasionally seen watching monster TV. When Juniper first gained her powers, a group of demons attempted to drain her powers. Ray Ray unwittingly intervened, causing some of her powers to transfer to him, as seen in "Adventures in Babysitting". Whether or not he'll gain other powers similar to hers remains to be seen, as Ah-Mah has implied that he may over time. He is hyperactive and careless, and often gets himself into trouble when dealing with the magic world. Ray Ray is often over-eager in regards to the magic world, finding every single event involving it, no matter how bad or ominous, to be "cooool." A recurring joke about him is that asks if he has ever run out of energy, where someone would say, "but there's always a first time." He also has a sibling rivalry relationship with Juniper, although it is often seen that he cares for her deeply. Since episode "Feets too big", he has a crush on Lila, the Sasquatch. In the episodes after "O Brother, What Art Thou?", Ray Ray is a homunculus, his mind having been transferred to an artificial body after accidentally mutating his original body into a massive dinosaur by ingesting the growth potion that was supposed to make a giant grow back to his proper size. In "Meet the Parent", Monroe states that Ray Ray has a bladder control problem, though this has never been confirmed, save in "The World According to LARP" when Juniper said that he wet his pants on the jungle gym once, and again in "Dream Date" where he has trouble making it to the bathroom after drinking punch. Since he is very young still, it is probable he will outgrow these tendencies. In "Te Xuan Me", where after Juniper was erased from knowledge he took up being the Te Xuan Ze, and being particularly skilled at his position, even earning Monroe's praise. However, after everything was set back to normal, Ray Ray started to study in magic spells as a way to help his sister in future battles.

Paragraph 39: The reconstruction of the palace began in 1722 by Elżbieta Helena Sieniawska. Shortly after Zofia Sieniawska married August Czartoryski on the remains of the burnt down palace, a new palace in the Rococo style was built between 1731-36. Jan Zygmunt Deybel designed the palace, while it was built by Franciszek Mayer. Deybel's project preserved the earlier spatial assumptions. An avenue planted with four rows of trees (later called Królewska Avenue) led to the palace. It crossed in front of the palace entrance with a narrower avenue planted with trees (today's Czartoryskich Street), connecting the Lublin roadway with a winding gorge, the so-called Deep Road. There were (and still are) two courtyards in front of the palace. The front courtyard planted with trees from the side of the entrance was limited by a moat and two guardhouses (still existing today). On its right, farm buildings stretched as far as the Lublin roadway (Piłsudskiego Street). From the front courtyard, through the baroque arcade gate, you enter the courtyard of honour, with a pond in the middle. Single-storey annexes, situated perpendicularly to the palace at the level of the pond, closed the courtyard on two sides. The palace itself has retained the former Tylman framework - a single-storey main body with four alcoves in the corners. The main body had a narrower, three-windowed second floor built up. In order to obtain additional rooms, the alcoves were lengthened parallel to the main axis of the palace and the terrace on the first floor level was removed, combining a significant part of it with the alcoves. A balcony was created on the Vistula side from the rest of the terrace. A two-flight external staircase adjacent to the alcoves, and in the upper section to the main body, led from the courtyard to the representative first floor. The staircase balustrade, the attic over the flat roof of the second floor and the attic surrounding the roofs over the first floor were decorated with sculptures, mostly made by the Hoffmans. The interior and exterior walls of the palace were given rich stucco and ornaments typical of the Rococo style. At the same time, a French-style garden was created near the palace. A gazebo was built in the Lower Garden. The terraces on the slope were covered at the ends with a serpentine staircase. At the level of the palace, behind the left annex, carpeted ground floors and bosquettes were created, behind which was the "Wild Promenade". It was entirely surrounded by a wall and only in places was another fence. The decoration of the second floor on the side avant-corps from the side of backwater and the three central arcades at the main entrance with characteristic sculptures in keystones have survived from that period. The annexes (in the side wings, the central part protruding towards the courtyard) have been preserved - the right-hand side one played the role of an economic annex (formerly it stood separately, today it is connected to the palace), which in the 18th and early 19th century housed the palace kitchen, bakery, etc. On the opposite side, in the same place on the left wing, there was a guesthouse.

Paragraph 40: The reconstruction of the palace began in 1722 by Elżbieta Helena Sieniawska. Shortly after Zofia Sieniawska married August Czartoryski on the remains of the burnt down palace, a new palace in the Rococo style was built between 1731-36. Jan Zygmunt Deybel designed the palace, while it was built by Franciszek Mayer. Deybel's project preserved the earlier spatial assumptions. An avenue planted with four rows of trees (later called Królewska Avenue) led to the palace. It crossed in front of the palace entrance with a narrower avenue planted with trees (today's Czartoryskich Street), connecting the Lublin roadway with a winding gorge, the so-called Deep Road. There were (and still are) two courtyards in front of the palace. The front courtyard planted with trees from the side of the entrance was limited by a moat and two guardhouses (still existing today). On its right, farm buildings stretched as far as the Lublin roadway (Piłsudskiego Street). From the front courtyard, through the baroque arcade gate, you enter the courtyard of honour, with a pond in the middle. Single-storey annexes, situated perpendicularly to the palace at the level of the pond, closed the courtyard on two sides. The palace itself has retained the former Tylman framework - a single-storey main body with four alcoves in the corners. The main body had a narrower, three-windowed second floor built up. In order to obtain additional rooms, the alcoves were lengthened parallel to the main axis of the palace and the terrace on the first floor level was removed, combining a significant part of it with the alcoves. A balcony was created on the Vistula side from the rest of the terrace. A two-flight external staircase adjacent to the alcoves, and in the upper section to the main body, led from the courtyard to the representative first floor. The staircase balustrade, the attic over the flat roof of the second floor and the attic surrounding the roofs over the first floor were decorated with sculptures, mostly made by the Hoffmans. The interior and exterior walls of the palace were given rich stucco and ornaments typical of the Rococo style. At the same time, a French-style garden was created near the palace. A gazebo was built in the Lower Garden. The terraces on the slope were covered at the ends with a serpentine staircase. At the level of the palace, behind the left annex, carpeted ground floors and bosquettes were created, behind which was the "Wild Promenade". It was entirely surrounded by a wall and only in places was another fence. The decoration of the second floor on the side avant-corps from the side of backwater and the three central arcades at the main entrance with characteristic sculptures in keystones have survived from that period. The annexes (in the side wings, the central part protruding towards the courtyard) have been preserved - the right-hand side one played the role of an economic annex (formerly it stood separately, today it is connected to the palace), which in the 18th and early 19th century housed the palace kitchen, bakery, etc. On the opposite side, in the same place on the left wing, there was a guesthouse.

Paragraph 41: Dowling, Goldie, Law and Mulhearn were charged under the Defence (Special Undertakings) Act 1952. The Act has not been used previously and carries a maximum jail sentence of 7 years, with an additional two years for taking photographs within the base. The four had a three-week Supreme court trial in June 2007 heard by Judge Sally Thomas. The Commonwealth was represented by up to seven lawyers including two QC's. The prosecution started their case by attempting to have the defendants placed under house arrest for the duration of the trial. Judge Thomas rejected this application. But Commonwealth lawyers successfully argued that no evidence would be allowed which was covered by "Public Interest Immunity" legislation or "Parliamentary Privilege". Despite this, the accused attempted to recount the role of Pine Gap in the occupation of Iraq. Mulhearn recounted her personal witness of the deaths caused by Allied bombing in Iraq. She described walking through pools of blood in a Baghdad market place. Some of that blood, she alleged, was still on the boots she wore into court that day. She claimed there was a direct between that blood and the role of Pine Gap in providing targeting information for the bombs that were dropped on that marketplace. Jim Dowling attempted to dramatise the Role of Raytheon Corporation who made all the Cruise Missiles fired on the people of Iraq and also at the Taliban. Raytheon also have the sole contract for all maintenance at Pine Gap and are the largest non-government employer at the Base. After five hours the jury found the Pine Gap 4, including Dowling, guilty of all charges. Judge Sally Thomas declined to send them to jail, rejecting strong demands from the prosecution to do so. She fined them a total of $3300 between them plus $10,000 damages. All have so far refused to pay. After the trial the prosecution launched an appeal against the leniency of the sentences in another attempt to have the Pine Gap4 jailed. They were later acquitted by a unanimous decision of the full bench of the Northern Territory Court of Criminal Appeal.