Paragraph 1: The album is a nu metal album that features strong elements of death metal, as well as elements of , funk metal, alternative metal, rap metal, grindcore and hip-hop. The album's song "Jonestown Tea" features elements of spoken word. The vocals consist of growling, screaming and rapping. The growling on the album is one example of the album's elements of grindcore and death metal. Also, the album has guitar riffs heard in the death metal genre. The album has been compared to Cannibal Corpse, Metallica, Skinlab and Slipknot. Allmusic described the album as "heavier than Slipknot". The album's lyrical topics include organized religion and abuse. The band's vocalist Otep Shamaya said that the album Sevas Tra "is a story about life's struggles and what you do to overcome them, or what you do to be swallowed by them." The album's song "Jonestown Tea" is about child sexual abuse and is also believed to be about Otep Shamaya being sexually abused by her father. The song was used by a teenager who, along with her sister, was sexually abused by their father, to inform her mother about her father's sexual abuse. Otep Shamaya spoke about the song "Jonestown Tea" saying  Otep Shamaya called organized religion "a lie". Many people have mistaken the song "Menocide" to be against men. Otep Shamaya said that it isn't hateful towards men and that it goes against women abuse, including violence against women.

Paragraph 2: In a tale sourced from Nedervetil, a farmer orders his three sons to guard their fields. The elder sons fail due to bad weather. The youngest shelters himself from the storm and sees three flying girls coming to their fields. They take off their wings and dance in the meadow. The youth hides the wings of one of them and asks her to marry him. As a token of marriage, she gives him a golden ring, and promises to return at the appointed time for their marriage. It so happens: the youth marries the flying girl, but a local emperor begins to covet the flying girl and plans to get rid of the man. First, the emperor orders the man to cut down every oak tree in the forest and to rise them again (both done with his wife's advice), and finally to get a silver key from the palace of the emperor of the enchanted land. The flying girl advises her husband to steal the key at midnight, since the animal guardians of the castle are asleep at this hour. The man gets the key, but the animals begin to chase him. The lion pulls him over and he falls to the forest floor, while his horse rides back home with the key. Seeing that the task was accomplished, but the man apparently perished, he decides to marry the flying girl. They each go to church on their own carriages. She leaves her carriage, wears back the flying garments and flies back to her castle. Back to her husband, he survives the fall from his horse, begins a quest to find his wife. On the road, he steals a magic tablecloth from an old man, a pair of seven league boots and an invisibility hat. He discovers that he has to traverse the White Sea, the Black Sea and the Red Sea, by being ferried by three witches at the margin of every sea. The youth uses the magical tablecloth to provide food for the first two witches to wind them over, and kills the third witch's servant. Adrift at sea, he prays to God and a pike appears to carry him over through the last stop of the journey. Reaching the island's shores, the youth puts on the invisibility hat, creeps into the castle and places her ring on a water jug. The flying girl recognizes her ring, and bids her human husband appear to her. They embrace.

Paragraph 3: The MACD indicator thus depends on three time parameters, namely the time constants of the three EMAs. The notation "MACD(a,b,c)" usually denotes the indicator where the MACD series is the difference of EMAs with characteristic times a and b, and the average series is an EMA of the MACD series with characteristic time c. These parameters are usually measured in days. The most commonly used values are 12, 26, and 9 days, that is, MACD(12,26,9). As true with most of the technical indicators, MACD also finds its period settings from the old days when technical analysis used to be mainly based on the daily charts. The reason was the lack of the modern trading platforms which show the changing prices every moment. As the working week used to be 6-days, the period settings of (12, 26, 9) represent 2 weeks, 1 month and one and a half week. Now when the trading weeks have only 5 days, possibilities of changing the period settings cannot be overruled. However, it is always better to stick to the period settings which are used by the majority of traders as the buying and selling decisions based on the standard settings further push the prices in that direction.

Paragraph 4: The album is a nu metal album that features strong elements of death metal, as well as elements of , funk metal, alternative metal, rap metal, grindcore and hip-hop. The album's song "Jonestown Tea" features elements of spoken word. The vocals consist of growling, screaming and rapping. The growling on the album is one example of the album's elements of grindcore and death metal. Also, the album has guitar riffs heard in the death metal genre. The album has been compared to Cannibal Corpse, Metallica, Skinlab and Slipknot. Allmusic described the album as "heavier than Slipknot". The album's lyrical topics include organized religion and abuse. The band's vocalist Otep Shamaya said that the album Sevas Tra "is a story about life's struggles and what you do to overcome them, or what you do to be swallowed by them." The album's song "Jonestown Tea" is about child sexual abuse and is also believed to be about Otep Shamaya being sexually abused by her father. The song was used by a teenager who, along with her sister, was sexually abused by their father, to inform her mother about her father's sexual abuse. Otep Shamaya spoke about the song "Jonestown Tea" saying  Otep Shamaya called organized religion "a lie". Many people have mistaken the song "Menocide" to be against men. Otep Shamaya said that it isn't hateful towards men and that it goes against women abuse, including violence against women.

Paragraph 5: For Sikhs, in addition to its significance as the harvest festival, during which Sikhs hold kirtans, visit local Gurdwaras, community fairs, hold nagar kirtan processions, raise the Nishan Sahib flag, and gather to socialize and share festive foods, Vaisakhi observes major events in the history of Sikhism and the Indian subcontinent that happened in the Punjab region. Vaisakhi as a major Sikh festival marks the birth of the Khalsa order by Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhism, on 13 April 1699. Later, Ranjit Singh was proclaimed as Maharaja of the Sikh Empire on 12 April 1801 (to coincide with Vaisakhi), creating a unified political state, Vaisakhi was also the day when Bengal Army officer Reginald Dyer orders his troops to shoot into a protesting crowd, an event which would come to be known the Jallianwala Bagh massacre; the massacre proved influential to the history of the Indian independence movement.

Paragraph 6: Deacon then began to pursue a romantic relationship with Amber by attempting to seduce her away from Rick for himself, the efforts are complicated by his relationship with Bridget Forrester (Jennifer Finnigan) Deacon pretends to be over Amber after Bridget discovers he married her to get Amber to leave Rick, she has a near fatal car accident and Eric tries to kill him by running him over with his car and he feels like scum, so in an attempt to make himself feel less guilty he makes an attempt to forget Amber but continues to pursue her by taking her to Vegas to give her a massage and by creating situations in which he shows up at beach locations and rubs lotion on her body in an attempt to tempt her, unfortunately, Bridget and Deacon's marriage was never real, but was based on his obsession with Amber and what kept them together was his attempt to prove to Bridget that he could be a better person and that was even after having an affair with Brooke, thus, Deacon begins a clandestine affair with Bridget's mother, Brooke Logan (Katherine Kelly Lang) while married to Brooke's daughter whose husband had recently left her. He arrived at Brooke's apartment when Brooke was lamenting losing Thorne and Ridge both. Turning to each other for comfort, they had sex, they continue the affair behind Bridget's back. The reason Thorne left Brooke is because he heard them discussing their past lives and overheard Brooke telling Deacon that she thought about Ridge every single day, Brooke gives birth to their daughter, Hope Logan (Annika Noelle) after trying for months to be part of Hope's life, Brooke runs Deacon off trying to chase Ridge again after Taylor dies. Deacon eventually came back to try to be part of Hope's life again when Brooke was with Nick Marone (Jack Wagner) and Nick talked Brooke into allowing Deacon to be a father to Hope. Deacon wanted Nick to adopt Hope because he was so grateful, so he signed the rights over to Nick once Nick and Brooke got married and left town. Years later after Nick and Brooke broke up, Deacon had to sign off on parental rights to Hope over to Ridge Forrester (Ronn Moss) when Brooke lost custody of the kids due to her inability to care for them correctly.

Paragraph 7: Miltonia are comparatively medium large orchid plants reaching about fifty centimeters height. They present  subcaespitous growth, that means their pseudobulbs are not tightly packed but slightly spaced by a rhizome, that is longer than on caespitous plants, with length between two and five centimeters. Their roots grow along the rhizome in high numbers. They are white, comparatively thin, usually short and hardly branched. The rhizome is covered by dried imbricating steaths which get increasingly larger at the base of pseudobulb becoming articulated foliar steaths that partially cover them. The pseudobulbs and leaves vary in color from yellowish bright light green to olive green depending on the species and to the amount of sunlight they are exposed to. They may be more oval and laterally highly flattened to slightly tetragonal and elongated and almost always bear two apical leaves. The leaves are narrow, flexible and hardly larger than three centimeters wide and forty long with the apexes rounded sometimes slightly pointed. Some species are about half of this size. The inflorescences are one or two per pseudobulb, shoot from their bases behind the protecting steaths. They are erect and never branched, often longer than the leaves, bearing from one to twelve moderately spaced flowers that open at the same time or in succession holding three or four opened all the time, when the older fades a new one opens. The older flowers of species with white lips that open in succession usually get yellower about the time the next flower opens although they still last one more week before fading. The first to bloom is M. cuneata, during late winter, but the majority of species bloom from late spring to late summer.

Paragraph 8: Born  in Brockville, Ontario, Perry has done numerous narrations and voiceovers for VH1 shows, specials and Viacom channels specials, including Viacom owned gay and lesbian station Logo. She was also the co-host of VH1's reality show Strip Search which lasted for one season. She was co-host of Pepsi Smash.  Perry began working at VH1 in January 2001 where she hosted VH1 News, All Access and the morning video show.  In June 2001, she hosted Not Much On Day, a MuchMusic marathon of music videos which featured pop stars wearing little or no clothing. Perry appeared naked throughout the marathon with various objects covering her body. Until March 2006, she was also the host of VH1's Top 20 Countdown.  She sometimes co-hosted with fellow Canadians Aamer Haleem and Bradford How. She narrated the behind the scenes program for Brokeback Mountain, which is featured on the DVD for it.

Paragraph 9: Except for the exhibitions of Ecuadoran culture, the museum is an amusement for credulous tourists. The museum professes to be a destination for natural science tourism. Tour guides and visitors demonstrate tricks which are supposedly possible only on the Equator, such as water flowing both counter-clockwise or clockwise down a drain due to Coriolis effect. However, the Coriolis force has no effect on the apparent direction of draining water in household drains anywhere on Earth, as this is too small of a scale of motion to be affected by the larger-scale force. Another apparent trick performed here is balancing eggs on end. This is purportedly easier at the equator due to the claim of a relative maximum in the magnetic field at the equator. However, attempts to balance eggs work just as well anywhere else on Earth, and are not influenced by magnetism or the Coriolis force. Also, there is an apparent weakening of muscles due to low latitude. This is also linked to the claim that certain physical forces, including the Coriolis force, are significantly weakened at the equator. Many of the demonstrations and associated claims made among tour guides are inconsistent with each other. Some tour guides will admit the truth that proximity to the equator has no measurable influence on these demonstrations.

Paragraph 10: William Wolseley, of the Irish branch of the old Staffordshire family of Wolseley, was born on 15 March 1756 at Annapolis in Nova Scotia, where his father, Captain William Neville Wolseley, of the 47th Regiment of Foot, was then in garrison. His mother was Anne, sister of Admiral Phillips Cosby. In 1764 the family returned to Ireland; and in 1769 William, who had been at school in Kilkenny, was entered on board the Goodwill cutter at Waterford, commanded by his father's brother-in-law, Lieutenant John Buchanan. Two years later, when the Goodwill was paid off, Wolseley was sent by his uncle Cosby to a nautical school in Westminster, from which, after some months, he joined the Portland, going out to Jamaica. He returned to England in the Princess Amelia, and in September 1773 joined the 50-gun ship Salisbury, with Commodore [Sir] Edward Hughes, Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies. The Salisbury came home in the end of 1777, and Wolseley, having passed his examination, was promoted, 11 June 1778, to be junior lieutenant of the Duke, one of the fleet with Keppel in July, though on the 27th she had fallen so far to leeward that she had no part in the action. When the autumn cruise came to an end, Wolseley, at the suggestion of Sir Edward Hughes, going out again as Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies, effected an exchange into the Worcester, one of his squadron. After some service against pirates in the Indian seas, he commanded a company of the naval brigade at the reduction of Negapatam in October 1781, and again at the storming of Fort Ostenburg, Trincomalee, on 11 January 1782, when he was severely wounded in the chest by a charge of slugs from a gingal, and left for dead in the ditch. Happily he was found the next day and carried on board the Worcester. He was shortly afterwards moved into the Superb, Hughes's flagship, and in her was present in the first four of the actions with the Bailli de Suffren. After the last of these, 3 September 1782, he was promoted to be commander of the Combustion fireship, and on 14 September was posted to the Coventry frigate, which on the night of 12 January 1783 ran in among the French fleet in Ganjam Roads, mistaking the ships for Indiamen, and was captured. Wolseley was civilly treated by Suffren, who sent him as a prisoner to Mauritius. He was shortly afterwards transferred to Bourbon, where he was detained till the announcement of peace. He then got a passage to St. Helena in a French transport, and so home in an East Indiaman.

Paragraph 11: William Wolseley, of the Irish branch of the old Staffordshire family of Wolseley, was born on 15 March 1756 at Annapolis in Nova Scotia, where his father, Captain William Neville Wolseley, of the 47th Regiment of Foot, was then in garrison. His mother was Anne, sister of Admiral Phillips Cosby. In 1764 the family returned to Ireland; and in 1769 William, who had been at school in Kilkenny, was entered on board the Goodwill cutter at Waterford, commanded by his father's brother-in-law, Lieutenant John Buchanan. Two years later, when the Goodwill was paid off, Wolseley was sent by his uncle Cosby to a nautical school in Westminster, from which, after some months, he joined the Portland, going out to Jamaica. He returned to England in the Princess Amelia, and in September 1773 joined the 50-gun ship Salisbury, with Commodore [Sir] Edward Hughes, Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies. The Salisbury came home in the end of 1777, and Wolseley, having passed his examination, was promoted, 11 June 1778, to be junior lieutenant of the Duke, one of the fleet with Keppel in July, though on the 27th she had fallen so far to leeward that she had no part in the action. When the autumn cruise came to an end, Wolseley, at the suggestion of Sir Edward Hughes, going out again as Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies, effected an exchange into the Worcester, one of his squadron. After some service against pirates in the Indian seas, he commanded a company of the naval brigade at the reduction of Negapatam in October 1781, and again at the storming of Fort Ostenburg, Trincomalee, on 11 January 1782, when he was severely wounded in the chest by a charge of slugs from a gingal, and left for dead in the ditch. Happily he was found the next day and carried on board the Worcester. He was shortly afterwards moved into the Superb, Hughes's flagship, and in her was present in the first four of the actions with the Bailli de Suffren. After the last of these, 3 September 1782, he was promoted to be commander of the Combustion fireship, and on 14 September was posted to the Coventry frigate, which on the night of 12 January 1783 ran in among the French fleet in Ganjam Roads, mistaking the ships for Indiamen, and was captured. Wolseley was civilly treated by Suffren, who sent him as a prisoner to Mauritius. He was shortly afterwards transferred to Bourbon, where he was detained till the announcement of peace. He then got a passage to St. Helena in a French transport, and so home in an East Indiaman.

Paragraph 12: R. Novaković (1973) does not support that he was a duke of Dalmatian Croatia, as no contemporary sources name him as such. According to him, Borna could only be the duke of that area that was at the time under Frankish supreme rule, and that he was active only in the area included in the rebellion against Frankish rule, that is, only west of the Una river. It is possible that Borna was the duke of an archonty not yet part of Croatia in the beginning of the 9th century, neither was Croatia at all included in the events of Ljudevit's rebellion. The war was fought only in the area under Frankish rule, while Dalmatian Croatia was outside those events, as it at that time was under Byzantine supreme rule. M. Atlagić and B. Milutinović (2002) treat him as a Dalmatian Slavic ruler. Another view is that it seems that after the Timociani did not receive aid, a part of them settled in Slavonia, it seems also that Borna moved with them; S. Prvanović (1962) viewed him as a duke from Timok-Kučevo that founded the first Croatian state, while M. S. Milojević (1872) treated him as a Frankish vassal in "Littoral Croatia" that originally held three counties in the Timok region. Prvanović claimed that F. Racki had falsified the RFA, that Borna actually was the duke of Guduscani and Timociani, combined, and that Racki had put a comma after Guduscani, based on the identification with Gacka in Lika and presumption that due to the geographical distance between the two meant that the two could not have had nearer contact nor a joint duke. Prvanović was not the first to put the Guduscani in the Timok region; 19th-century P. J. Šafárik and V. Karić located them around the Timok and Danube.

Paragraph 13: When Mickey rings the dinner bell, Goofy foolishly leaves the driver's seat - while the car and trailer are still in motion - for breakfast, in which it drives through a closed road. After several mishaps during the meal (getting hit by nearby drawers and sticking a fork into a power socket), eventually having popcorn for breakfast, Goofy notices that no one is in the driver's seat and accidentally and unknowingly unhitches the trailer in his panic to resume driving and goes on his way. The trailer rolls downhill on an epic runaway adventure, in which the dining table and chairs suddenly fold up into a box. As the trailer is about to go over a cliff, Mickey jumps out from the back of the trailer and pushes on a cliff on the opposite side of the ravine to push the trailer back on the road. The trailer then approaches an oncoming truck driven by Pete (who cameos in this cartoon) and avoids it by driving onto the nearby fence. Donald grabs the phone (connected to an extendable metal arm) and desperately tries to call for help, but finds himself hanging outside the trailer's open door. When the trailer falls off the road again, Mickey grabs a nearby sign to get it back on the road, pulling Donald back inside the trailer in the process. Donald sees an oncoming train and yells at it to stop, to no avail. Mickey watches in panic while Donald begs for his life. Fortunately, the trailer manages to get past the intersection before the train can (at a dangerously close range). The two are relieved that they survived, but suddenly see another oncoming train (it is unclear if the train is the same one from before or a different one), except this time, the train has reached the intersection first. The train clears the intersection at the last second, allowing the trailer to cross through safely. The trailer reaches the end of the road, causing it to roll down the hill like a boulder. Meanwhile, Goofy, who was singing "She'll Be Coming Around the Mountain When She Comes", makes it safely down the hill, but does not see the trailer tumbling down the hill as it miraculously rehitches itself to the car and is a wreck on the inside, but okay on the outside. Unaware of the dramatic events, Goofy says in the end, "Well, I brought you down, safe and sound".

Paragraph 14: The album is a nu metal album that features strong elements of death metal, as well as elements of , funk metal, alternative metal, rap metal, grindcore and hip-hop. The album's song "Jonestown Tea" features elements of spoken word. The vocals consist of growling, screaming and rapping. The growling on the album is one example of the album's elements of grindcore and death metal. Also, the album has guitar riffs heard in the death metal genre. The album has been compared to Cannibal Corpse, Metallica, Skinlab and Slipknot. Allmusic described the album as "heavier than Slipknot". The album's lyrical topics include organized religion and abuse. The band's vocalist Otep Shamaya said that the album Sevas Tra "is a story about life's struggles and what you do to overcome them, or what you do to be swallowed by them." The album's song "Jonestown Tea" is about child sexual abuse and is also believed to be about Otep Shamaya being sexually abused by her father. The song was used by a teenager who, along with her sister, was sexually abused by their father, to inform her mother about her father's sexual abuse. Otep Shamaya spoke about the song "Jonestown Tea" saying  Otep Shamaya called organized religion "a lie". Many people have mistaken the song "Menocide" to be against men. Otep Shamaya said that it isn't hateful towards men and that it goes against women abuse, including violence against women.

Paragraph 15: At the start of the 2004–05 season, Makoun continued to regain his first team place, playing in the midfield position. Makoun started the season well when he helped Lille win the UEFA Intertoto Cup after beating U.D. Leiria 2–0 on aggregate. It wasn't until on 21 December 2004 when Makoun scored his first goal of the season against Strasbourg Alsace in the third round of the Coupe de la Ligue, as Lille lost 4–2 in penalty shootout following a 1–1 draw. However, during a 0–0 draw against Sochaux on 5 February 2005, he suffered a knee injury in the 6th minute, resulting in his substitution and was sidelined for a month. It wasn't until on 20 March 2005 when Makoun returned to the starting line–up against Saint-Étienne, as he helped the side draw 0–0. At the end of the 2004–05 season, Makoun went on to make forty–seven appearances and scoring once in all competitions. Reflecting to the 2004–05 season, he said: "I had a great season. If I drew the attention of France-Foot journalists, it is because I have been very consistent. My club, Lille, was aligned on several fronts. We started our season with the Inter-toto cup. After this stage, we were eliminated at the quarter-final stage of the Uefa Cup by Auxerre. In the league, we finished in second place, a position that directly qualifies us for the next Champions League. Unfortunately, for the two trophies competing in France, our journey was not very brilliant".

Paragraph 16: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 17: Again, fire destroys The Queen Vic and Peggy transfers ownership to Phil before she leaves Walford. Phil renovates the pub and rents it to Alfie Moon and his wife Kat (Jessie Wallace). Kat is away temporarily in 2012 when Roxy again is landlady but upon Kat's return, The Queen Vic is forced to close down due to an outbreak of bed bugs, the source of which was thought to be Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), who has been staying. Instead, it was found that the source was the flat where Kat was meeting her lover Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman). The Queen Vic returns to Phil when Kat and Alfie fail to pay rent and Roxy is again made manager. However, Phil has a change of mind about Kat and Alfie when he finds out from Kat about her affair and subsequent attempt to save her marriage, all the while leaving Roxy as manager. During Christmas 2012, Alfie finds out about the affair, they separate and Roxy and Amy move back to The Queen Vic. Roxy replaces Kat as the joint licensee of the pub with Alfie, but leaves after Alfie reunites with Kat on the day of his and Roxy's wedding. As an act of revenge against the Moons, Phil decides to sell the pub and Alfie and Kat are forced to move out. Janine initially tries to buy the pub, but is arrested for murder before paying Phil. Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) buys The Queen Victoria on Christmas Day, 2013, and the following day moves into the pub with his wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and son Johnny Carter (Sam Strike). Phil is surprised to discover that Mick is Shirley's brother. When Shirley persuades their estranged father into giving them £10,000 to repair the rising damp in the cellar, Mick and Linda give Shirley a 10% stake in the pub.

Paragraph 18: This is a list of mayors of the Council of the Municipality of Strathfield, a local government area in the Inner West region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. First incorporated on 2 June 1885 as the "Municipal District of Strathfield" the first council was convened and elected on 19 August 1885, which later changed to the "Municipality of Strathfield" following the passing of the 1906 Local Government Act. The council became known as "Strathfield Council" on 1 July 1993 following the enactment of a new Local Government Act, which also stipulated a change of title from "Alderman" to "Councillor". Since 1971, the Mayor is elected bi-annually by the Councillors each September. The current mayor is Cr Karen Pensabene(Australian Labor Party), elected on the 2 March 2023.

Paragraph 19: However Frankfort did not himself make the identification of the figure with Lilith; rather he cites Emil Kraeling (1937) instead. Kraeling believes that the figure "is a superhuman being of a lower order"; he does not explain exactly why. He then goes on to state "Wings [...] regularly suggest a demon associated with the wind" and "owls may well indicate the nocturnal habits of this female demon". He excludes Lamashtu and Pazuzu as candidate demons and states: "Perhaps we have here a third representation of a demon. If so, it must be Lilîtu [...] the demon of an evil wind", named ki-sikil-lil-la (literally "wind-maiden" or "phantom-maiden", not "beautiful maiden", as Kraeling asserts). This ki-sikil-lil is an antagonist of Inanna (Ishtar) in a brief episode of the epic of Gilgamesh, which is cited by both Kraeling and Frankfort as further evidence for the identification as Lilith, though this appendix too is now disputed. In this episode, Inanna's holy Huluppu tree is invaded by malevolent spirits.  Frankfort quotes a preliminary translation by Gadd (1933): "in the midst Lilith had built a house, the shrieking maid, the joyful, the bright queen of Heaven". However modern translations have instead: "In its trunk, the phantom maid built herself a dwelling, the maid who laughs with a joyful heart. But holy Inanna cried." The earlier translation implies an association of the demon Lilith with a shrieking owl and at the same time asserts her god-like nature; the modern translation supports neither of these attributes. In fact, Cyril J. Gadd (1933), the first translator, writes:  "ardat lili (kisikil-lil) is never associated with owls in Babylonian mythology" and "the Jewish traditions concerning Lilith in this form seem to be late and of no great authority". This single line of evidence being taken as virtual proof of the identification of the Burney Relief with "Lilith" may have been motivated by later associations of "Lilith" in later Jewish sources.

Paragraph 20: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. PFC Willett distinguished himself while serving as a rifleman in Company C, during combat operations. His squad was conducting a security sweep when it made contact with a large enemy force. The squad was immediately engaged with a heavy volume of automatic weapons fire and pinned to the ground. Despite the deadly fusillade, PFC Willett rose to his feet firing rapid bursts from his weapon and moved to a position from which he placed highly effective fire on the enemy. His action allowed the remainder of his squad to begin to withdraw from the superior enemy force toward the company perimeter. PFC Willett covered the squad's withdrawal, but his position drew heavy enemy machinegun fire, and he received multiple wounds enabling the enemy again to pin down the remainder of the squad. PFC Willett struggled to an upright position, and, disregarding his painful wounds, he again engaged the enemy with his rifle to allow his squad to continue its movement and to evacuate several of his comrades who were by now wounded. Moving from position to position, he engaged the enemy at close range until he was mortally wounded. By his unselfish acts of bravery, PFC Willett insured the withdrawal of his comrades to the company position, saving their lives at the cost of his life. PFC Willett's valorous actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and reflect great credit upon himself and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 21: The use of the term "patent pending" or "patent applied for" is permitted so long as a patent application has actually been filed and is pending, i.e., has not been issued as a patent or become abandoned.  If these terms are used for the purpose of deceiving the public when no patent application has been filed, or when the application is not pending, a fine of up to $500 may be imposed for every such offense.  Under the Forest Group, Inc. v. Bon Tool Co., 590 F.3d 1295 (Fed. Cir. 2009) decision, the current interpretation of "offense" has each mis-marked article constitutes an offense, which permits theoretical damages in the hundreds of millions of dollars for high-volume consumer goods.  The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act revised section 292 to say that only the United States may sue for that penalty but that a person who has suffered a competitive injury may sue for recovery of damages adequate to compensate for the injury.

Paragraph 22: For Sikhs, in addition to its significance as the harvest festival, during which Sikhs hold kirtans, visit local Gurdwaras, community fairs, hold nagar kirtan processions, raise the Nishan Sahib flag, and gather to socialize and share festive foods, Vaisakhi observes major events in the history of Sikhism and the Indian subcontinent that happened in the Punjab region. Vaisakhi as a major Sikh festival marks the birth of the Khalsa order by Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhism, on 13 April 1699. Later, Ranjit Singh was proclaimed as Maharaja of the Sikh Empire on 12 April 1801 (to coincide with Vaisakhi), creating a unified political state, Vaisakhi was also the day when Bengal Army officer Reginald Dyer orders his troops to shoot into a protesting crowd, an event which would come to be known the Jallianwala Bagh massacre; the massacre proved influential to the history of the Indian independence movement.

Paragraph 23: In a tale sourced from Nedervetil, a farmer orders his three sons to guard their fields. The elder sons fail due to bad weather. The youngest shelters himself from the storm and sees three flying girls coming to their fields. They take off their wings and dance in the meadow. The youth hides the wings of one of them and asks her to marry him. As a token of marriage, she gives him a golden ring, and promises to return at the appointed time for their marriage. It so happens: the youth marries the flying girl, but a local emperor begins to covet the flying girl and plans to get rid of the man. First, the emperor orders the man to cut down every oak tree in the forest and to rise them again (both done with his wife's advice), and finally to get a silver key from the palace of the emperor of the enchanted land. The flying girl advises her husband to steal the key at midnight, since the animal guardians of the castle are asleep at this hour. The man gets the key, but the animals begin to chase him. The lion pulls him over and he falls to the forest floor, while his horse rides back home with the key. Seeing that the task was accomplished, but the man apparently perished, he decides to marry the flying girl. They each go to church on their own carriages. She leaves her carriage, wears back the flying garments and flies back to her castle. Back to her husband, he survives the fall from his horse, begins a quest to find his wife. On the road, he steals a magic tablecloth from an old man, a pair of seven league boots and an invisibility hat. He discovers that he has to traverse the White Sea, the Black Sea and the Red Sea, by being ferried by three witches at the margin of every sea. The youth uses the magical tablecloth to provide food for the first two witches to wind them over, and kills the third witch's servant. Adrift at sea, he prays to God and a pike appears to carry him over through the last stop of the journey. Reaching the island's shores, the youth puts on the invisibility hat, creeps into the castle and places her ring on a water jug. The flying girl recognizes her ring, and bids her human husband appear to her. They embrace.

Paragraph 24: Hanson launched the Federal Republican and Commercial Gazette in Baltimore in 1808 and merged it with another publication the following year. The Federal Republican was known as one of the nation's most extreme Federalist newspapers.  On June 22, 1812, four days after the beginning of the War of 1812, a mob that was irritated by his articles denouncing the administration destroyed his office.  On July 28, he reissued the paper from another building, where he was joined by a group of armed allies. When that building was besieged by a mob, Hanson and his group fired, killing two. On the morning of July 29, Hanson and his group surrendered to Mayor Edward Johnson, who had come to personally defuse the situation, and were escorted to jail. That evening, the mob stormed the jail, and Hanson was beaten and left for dead. James M. Lingan, a military officer who came to Hanson's defense, died as a result of the violence. Hanson also received help from Revolutionary War Hero and father of Robert E. Lee, Henry Lee III, who received grave injuries. Another man John Thompson recounts being tarred and feathered by the mob and stated that the rioters brought a field gun to besiege Hanson's house, although the arrival of the mayor and other city officials stopped it from being fired. Hanson moved the paper to Georgetown, D.C., where he published it unmolested.  Hanson later moved to Elkridge, Maryland.

Paragraph 25: Born  in Brockville, Ontario, Perry has done numerous narrations and voiceovers for VH1 shows, specials and Viacom channels specials, including Viacom owned gay and lesbian station Logo. She was also the co-host of VH1's reality show Strip Search which lasted for one season. She was co-host of Pepsi Smash.  Perry began working at VH1 in January 2001 where she hosted VH1 News, All Access and the morning video show.  In June 2001, she hosted Not Much On Day, a MuchMusic marathon of music videos which featured pop stars wearing little or no clothing. Perry appeared naked throughout the marathon with various objects covering her body. Until March 2006, she was also the host of VH1's Top 20 Countdown.  She sometimes co-hosted with fellow Canadians Aamer Haleem and Bradford How. She narrated the behind the scenes program for Brokeback Mountain, which is featured on the DVD for it.

Paragraph 26: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 27: This is a list of mayors of the Council of the Municipality of Strathfield, a local government area in the Inner West region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. First incorporated on 2 June 1885 as the "Municipal District of Strathfield" the first council was convened and elected on 19 August 1885, which later changed to the "Municipality of Strathfield" following the passing of the 1906 Local Government Act. The council became known as "Strathfield Council" on 1 July 1993 following the enactment of a new Local Government Act, which also stipulated a change of title from "Alderman" to "Councillor". Since 1971, the Mayor is elected bi-annually by the Councillors each September. The current mayor is Cr Karen Pensabene(Australian Labor Party), elected on the 2 March 2023.

Paragraph 28: R. Novaković (1973) does not support that he was a duke of Dalmatian Croatia, as no contemporary sources name him as such. According to him, Borna could only be the duke of that area that was at the time under Frankish supreme rule, and that he was active only in the area included in the rebellion against Frankish rule, that is, only west of the Una river. It is possible that Borna was the duke of an archonty not yet part of Croatia in the beginning of the 9th century, neither was Croatia at all included in the events of Ljudevit's rebellion. The war was fought only in the area under Frankish rule, while Dalmatian Croatia was outside those events, as it at that time was under Byzantine supreme rule. M. Atlagić and B. Milutinović (2002) treat him as a Dalmatian Slavic ruler. Another view is that it seems that after the Timociani did not receive aid, a part of them settled in Slavonia, it seems also that Borna moved with them; S. Prvanović (1962) viewed him as a duke from Timok-Kučevo that founded the first Croatian state, while M. S. Milojević (1872) treated him as a Frankish vassal in "Littoral Croatia" that originally held three counties in the Timok region. Prvanović claimed that F. Racki had falsified the RFA, that Borna actually was the duke of Guduscani and Timociani, combined, and that Racki had put a comma after Guduscani, based on the identification with Gacka in Lika and presumption that due to the geographical distance between the two meant that the two could not have had nearer contact nor a joint duke. Prvanović was not the first to put the Guduscani in the Timok region; 19th-century P. J. Šafárik and V. Karić located them around the Timok and Danube.

Paragraph 29: There are important differences between the F and 1500 series cameras. The 35mm cameras have a set focus (5 ft to infinity), whereas the 1500 Widelux can focus from a bit less than 1m to infinity with seven markers. The 35mm cameras have three shutter speeds, 1/15, 1/125 and 1/250 of a second, whereas the 1500 Widelux has shutter speeds of 1/8, 1/60 and 1/250 of a second. The F series cover a 140 degree view, whereas the 1500 series covers a slightly wider area (150 degree view-diagonally-140 degr.horizontally). Finally, the 1500 Widelux, like most manual film cameras, has a shutter that must be cocked before the camera will fire.  When setting focus below 5m on Widelux 1500 the resolution will be reduced due to optical limitations. There were a lot of problems for the first models in the 90s, uneven rotation, filmplane so buyers are encouraged to test beforehand.

Paragraph 30: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 31: In opening remarks by the prosecution, District Attorney Robert Podesta stated police have the .32 caliber pistol that was used in 5 of the 20 murders and assaults. He also revealed they have a wedding ring taken from Quita Hague. Harris, who was granted immunity, describing the machete slaying of Quita Hague, said "Larry grabbed the woman by her hair and took a machete knife and took her 20 feet from the van. He raised it over his head and sliced down on her neck. He kept chopping, chopping." He continued, "He came over to where I was standing and said, 'You should have seen the blood gush out of that devil's neck.'" He then described Cooks attack on Quita's husband. Harris also testified that he rode for several hours with the defendants on the night in January that four persons were killed and one was wounded. When questioned about the letters he wrote to defense attorney White, Harris said he "just made up" the story because of pressures on his wife and anger towards the district attorney's office. Michael Armstrong, 23, testified under immunity that he sold the gun that killed and wounded several victims in 1974 to Thomas Manney, manager of the Black Self-Help center and former suspect in the Zebra killings. A month into the trial, a 12-year-old girl identified Cooks in court, as the man who tried to abduct her at gunpoint on October 20, 1973. Her testimony coincided with Harris', who described how he, Cooks, and two other men, attempted to abduct three children before abducting the Hagues. Also heard in the trial was Cooks' confession to the Frances Rose shooting. Linda Story, who survived with a bullet lodged in her spine, testified about the attack on her and fellow cadet Tom Rainwater.

Paragraph 32: In a tale sourced from Nedervetil, a farmer orders his three sons to guard their fields. The elder sons fail due to bad weather. The youngest shelters himself from the storm and sees three flying girls coming to their fields. They take off their wings and dance in the meadow. The youth hides the wings of one of them and asks her to marry him. As a token of marriage, she gives him a golden ring, and promises to return at the appointed time for their marriage. It so happens: the youth marries the flying girl, but a local emperor begins to covet the flying girl and plans to get rid of the man. First, the emperor orders the man to cut down every oak tree in the forest and to rise them again (both done with his wife's advice), and finally to get a silver key from the palace of the emperor of the enchanted land. The flying girl advises her husband to steal the key at midnight, since the animal guardians of the castle are asleep at this hour. The man gets the key, but the animals begin to chase him. The lion pulls him over and he falls to the forest floor, while his horse rides back home with the key. Seeing that the task was accomplished, but the man apparently perished, he decides to marry the flying girl. They each go to church on their own carriages. She leaves her carriage, wears back the flying garments and flies back to her castle. Back to her husband, he survives the fall from his horse, begins a quest to find his wife. On the road, he steals a magic tablecloth from an old man, a pair of seven league boots and an invisibility hat. He discovers that he has to traverse the White Sea, the Black Sea and the Red Sea, by being ferried by three witches at the margin of every sea. The youth uses the magical tablecloth to provide food for the first two witches to wind them over, and kills the third witch's servant. Adrift at sea, he prays to God and a pike appears to carry him over through the last stop of the journey. Reaching the island's shores, the youth puts on the invisibility hat, creeps into the castle and places her ring on a water jug. The flying girl recognizes her ring, and bids her human husband appear to her. They embrace.

Paragraph 33: (Also known as the Declaration of Attestation Oath.) The first Parliament after the Restoration revived the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, which were taken on 14 July 1660. The Catholics in England being at first in some favour at Court, managed, as a rule, to escape taking it. In Ireland the old controversy was revived through an address to the Crown, called "The Irish Remonstrance", which emphasized the principles of the condemned Oath of Allegiance. It had been drawn up by a Capuchin friar (who afterwards left the order), called Peter Valesius Walsh, who published many books in its defence, which publications were eventually placed on the Index. After the conversion of James, then Duke of York, the jealousy of the Protestant party increased, and in 1672 a Test Act was carried by Shaftesbury, which compelled all holders of office under the Crown to make a short "Declaration against Transubstantiation", viz., to swear that "there is not any transubstantiation in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, . . . at or after the consecration thereof by any person whatsoever" (25 Chas. II, c. 2). This test was effective: James resigned his post of Lord High Admiral. But when the country and the Parliament had gone mad over Oates's plot (named for Titus Oates), 1678, a much longer and more insulting test was devised, which added a further clause that "The invocation of the virgin Mary, or any Saint and the Sacrifice of the Mass . . . are superstitious and idolatrous . . . and that I make this declaration without any evasion, equivocation, or mental reservation whatsoever, and without any dispensation already granted me by the pope, &c., &c. (30 Chas. II, ii. 1). In modern times, the formula has become notorious (as we shall see) under the title of "the King's Declaration". At the time it was appointed for office holders and the members of both Houses, except the Duke of York. On the death of Charles, James II succeeded, and he would no doubt have gladly abolished the anti-Catholic oaths altogether. But he never had the opportunity of bringing the project before Parliament. Of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance we hear less in this reign, but the Test was the subject of constant discussion, for its form and scope had been expressly intended to hamper a reform such as James was instituting. He freed himself, however, more or less from it by the Dispensing Power, especially after the declaration of the judges, June, 1686, that it was contrary to the principles of the constitution to prevent the Crown from using the services of any of its subjects when they were needed. But the Revolution of 1688 quickly brought the Test back into greater vogue than ever. The first Parliament summoned after the triumph of William of Orange added a clause to the Bill of Rights, which was then passed, by which the Sovereign was himself to take the Declaration (1 W. & M., sess. 1, c. 8). By this unworthy device no Catholic could ever be admitted to accept the new regime, without renouncing his faith. This law marks the consummation of English anti-Catholic legislation.

Paragraph 34: He made his professional regular season debut in the Minnesota Vikings' season-opener at the San Francisco 49ers and made one solo tackle during their 20–3 loss. On October 4, 2015, Kendricks earned his first career start during a 23–20 loss at the Denver Broncos. He finished the Week 4 loss with four solo tackles and made his first career sack on Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning for a six-yard loss during the second quarter. On October 7, 2015, the Minnesota Vikings traded Gerald Hodges to the San Francisco 49ers, effectively making Kendricks the starting middle linebacker for the remainder of the season. In Week 6, Kendricks collected a season-high ten combined tackles (nine solo) during a 16–10 victory against the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 6. His ten combined tackles tied a franchise record by a rookie, along with Harrison Smith in 2012 and Malik Boyd in 1994. On October 25, 2015, Kendricks recorded six solo tackles and a season-high two sacks on quarterback Matthew Stafford as the Vikings defeated the Detroit Lions 28–19. On October 29, 2015, Kendricks was named the NFL Defensive Rookie for the month of October, when he posted 20 combined tackles, four sacks and 5 quarterback pressures in just three games. He became the first Vikings defensive player to win Rookie of the Month honors since Kevin Williams did it in 2003, and the eighth to win it overall. The last Vikings player to be selected Rookie of the Month was Cordarrelle Patterson in December 2013. Kendricks was inactive for two games (Weeks 9–10) due to a rib injury. While playing 14 games in 2015, Kendricks became the first rookie to lead the Vikings in tackles (92) since Rip Hawkins in 1961, helping Mike Zimmer's team win its first NFC North title in six years before falling to the Seahawks in the NFC Wild Card Game. He also posted 4.0 sacks, which is tied with Anthony Barr for the 2nd-most sacks by a rookie linebacker in team history, trailing only Dwayne Rudd, who finished his rookie season in 2015 with 5.0 sacks. On January 19, 2016, Kendricks was named to the Pro Football Writers of America's (PFWA) 2015 NFL All-Rookie team. Kendricks led the Vikings defense in tackles as a rookie with 92 total tackles, marking the first time a rookie has led the club in tackles since Rip Hawkins in 1961. Kendricks completed his rookie campaign with a total of 92 combined tackles (72 solo), four sacks, and one pass deflection in 14 games and 11 starts.

Paragraph 35: Except for the exhibitions of Ecuadoran culture, the museum is an amusement for credulous tourists. The museum professes to be a destination for natural science tourism. Tour guides and visitors demonstrate tricks which are supposedly possible only on the Equator, such as water flowing both counter-clockwise or clockwise down a drain due to Coriolis effect. However, the Coriolis force has no effect on the apparent direction of draining water in household drains anywhere on Earth, as this is too small of a scale of motion to be affected by the larger-scale force. Another apparent trick performed here is balancing eggs on end. This is purportedly easier at the equator due to the claim of a relative maximum in the magnetic field at the equator. However, attempts to balance eggs work just as well anywhere else on Earth, and are not influenced by magnetism or the Coriolis force. Also, there is an apparent weakening of muscles due to low latitude. This is also linked to the claim that certain physical forces, including the Coriolis force, are significantly weakened at the equator. Many of the demonstrations and associated claims made among tour guides are inconsistent with each other. Some tour guides will admit the truth that proximity to the equator has no measurable influence on these demonstrations.

Paragraph 36: Hui's first major role was in Games Gamblers Play (1974) as a card player followed by The Last Message (1975) with a short appearance as a waiter. Ricky had a larger role in The Private Eyes (1976) and with that film a new era of the Hong Kong Cinema started. The Hui brothers' comedy films were an influential part of Hong Kong cinema. Their films were packed with visual gags and unique Cantonese humor. Although Ricky had only a small role in The Private Eyes, it remained one of the all time favorites among fans. According to Michael Hui, Ricky had only brief appearance in this film because at that time he had a contract with the Shaw Brothers. Reportedly, his contract with the Shaw Brothers ended around 1976, because the last Shaw Brothers film he appeared in was Challenge of the Masters that year. The following year found Ricky at Golden Harvest with a leading role in John Woo's Money Crazy as well as From Riches to Rags. In 1979 Games Gamblers Play was released in the Japanese market. For this edition Michael shot a new scene, a fight between Ricky and Sam on the beach, and replaced the original Sammo Hung vs Sam Hui fight with it. The next Hui brothers production where Ricky teamed up with his brothers again was The Contract in 1978, followed by Security Unlimited (1981), one of the most successful films featuring the Hui brothers; Security Unlimited was full of gags and included the Huis' trademark Cantonese humor. In the late 1970s and early 1980s Ricky played leading roles in John Woo films like From Riches To Rags (1979), To Hell with the Devil (1982) or Plain Jane To The Rescue (1982).

Paragraph 37: In order to explain the irregularity of RRAT pulses, we note that most of the pulsars which have been labelled as RRATs are entirely consistent with pulsars which have regular underlying emission which is simply undetectable due to the low intrinsic brightness or large distance of the sources. However, assuming that when we do not detect pulses from these pulsars that they are truly 'off', several authors have proposed mechanisms whereby such sporadic emission could be explained. For example, as pulsars gradually lose energy, they approach what is called the pulsar "death valley," a theoretical area in pulsar pulsar period—period derivative space, where the pulsar emission mechanism is thought to fail but may become sporadic as pulsars approach this region. However although this is consistent with some of the behavior of RRATs, the RRATs with known periods and period derivatives do not lie near canonical death regions. Another suggestion is that asteroids might form in the debris of the supernova that formed the neutron star, and infall of these debris in to the light cone of RRATs and some other types of pulsars might cause some of the irregular behavior observed. Since most RRATs have large dispersion measures that indicate larger distances, combining with the similar emission properties, some RRATs could be due to the telescope detection threshold. Nevertheless, the possibility that RRATs share the similar emission mechanism with those pulsars with so called "giant pulses" can neither be excluded. To fully understand the emission mechanisms of RRATs would require directly observing the debris surrounding a neutron star, which is not possible now, but may be possible in the future with the Square Kilometer Array. Nevertheless, as more RRATs are detected by observatories such as Arecibo, the Green Bank Telescope, and the Parkes Observatory at which RRATs were first discovered, some of the characteristics of RRATs may become clearer.

Paragraph 38: William Wolseley, of the Irish branch of the old Staffordshire family of Wolseley, was born on 15 March 1756 at Annapolis in Nova Scotia, where his father, Captain William Neville Wolseley, of the 47th Regiment of Foot, was then in garrison. His mother was Anne, sister of Admiral Phillips Cosby. In 1764 the family returned to Ireland; and in 1769 William, who had been at school in Kilkenny, was entered on board the Goodwill cutter at Waterford, commanded by his father's brother-in-law, Lieutenant John Buchanan. Two years later, when the Goodwill was paid off, Wolseley was sent by his uncle Cosby to a nautical school in Westminster, from which, after some months, he joined the Portland, going out to Jamaica. He returned to England in the Princess Amelia, and in September 1773 joined the 50-gun ship Salisbury, with Commodore [Sir] Edward Hughes, Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies. The Salisbury came home in the end of 1777, and Wolseley, having passed his examination, was promoted, 11 June 1778, to be junior lieutenant of the Duke, one of the fleet with Keppel in July, though on the 27th she had fallen so far to leeward that she had no part in the action. When the autumn cruise came to an end, Wolseley, at the suggestion of Sir Edward Hughes, going out again as Commander-in-Chief in the East Indies, effected an exchange into the Worcester, one of his squadron. After some service against pirates in the Indian seas, he commanded a company of the naval brigade at the reduction of Negapatam in October 1781, and again at the storming of Fort Ostenburg, Trincomalee, on 11 January 1782, when he was severely wounded in the chest by a charge of slugs from a gingal, and left for dead in the ditch. Happily he was found the next day and carried on board the Worcester. He was shortly afterwards moved into the Superb, Hughes's flagship, and in her was present in the first four of the actions with the Bailli de Suffren. After the last of these, 3 September 1782, he was promoted to be commander of the Combustion fireship, and on 14 September was posted to the Coventry frigate, which on the night of 12 January 1783 ran in among the French fleet in Ganjam Roads, mistaking the ships for Indiamen, and was captured. Wolseley was civilly treated by Suffren, who sent him as a prisoner to Mauritius. He was shortly afterwards transferred to Bourbon, where he was detained till the announcement of peace. He then got a passage to St. Helena in a French transport, and so home in an East Indiaman.

Paragraph 39: Fishtown is a neighborhood in the River Wards section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Located northeast of Center City Philadelphia, its borders are somewhat disputed today due to many factors, but are roughly defined by the triangle created by the Delaware River, Frankford Avenue, and York Street. Some newer residents expand the area to Lehigh Avenue, while some older residents shrink the area to Norris Street.  It is served by the Market–Frankford Line rapid transit subway/elevated line of the SEPTA system. Fishtown is a largely working class Irish Catholic neighborhood, but it has recently seen a large influx of young urban professionals and gentrification.

Paragraph 40: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 41: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. PFC Willett distinguished himself while serving as a rifleman in Company C, during combat operations. His squad was conducting a security sweep when it made contact with a large enemy force. The squad was immediately engaged with a heavy volume of automatic weapons fire and pinned to the ground. Despite the deadly fusillade, PFC Willett rose to his feet firing rapid bursts from his weapon and moved to a position from which he placed highly effective fire on the enemy. His action allowed the remainder of his squad to begin to withdraw from the superior enemy force toward the company perimeter. PFC Willett covered the squad's withdrawal, but his position drew heavy enemy machinegun fire, and he received multiple wounds enabling the enemy again to pin down the remainder of the squad. PFC Willett struggled to an upright position, and, disregarding his painful wounds, he again engaged the enemy with his rifle to allow his squad to continue its movement and to evacuate several of his comrades who were by now wounded. Moving from position to position, he engaged the enemy at close range until he was mortally wounded. By his unselfish acts of bravery, PFC Willett insured the withdrawal of his comrades to the company position, saving their lives at the cost of his life. PFC Willett's valorous actions were in keeping with the highest traditions of the U.S. Army and reflect great credit upon himself and the Armed Forces of his country.

Paragraph 42: The Authority's 2016 last-ditch effort campaign began by forcing Roman Reigns to defend the WWE World Heavyweight Championship against Sheamus on the January 4, 2016 episode of Raw with Mr. McMahon serving as the special guest referee to ensure that Reigns would lose the championship. Despite McMahon's attempts to "screw" him during the match, Reigns retained after knocking out McMahon and corrupt referee Scott Armstrong. In retaliation, McMahon announced after the match that Reigns would defend his title against 29 other men in the Royal Rumble match at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view. At the event, Triple H made his return, got his revenge on Reigns by eliminating him, and won the Royal Rumble match and the WWE World Heavyweight Championship by lastly eliminating Dean Ambrose. On the February 22 episode of Raw, Mr. McMahon presented the "Vincent J. McMahon Legacy of Excellence" award to Stephanie. Before she could start her acceptance speech, Shane McMahon returned for the first time since 2009 and demanded to gain control of Raw, claiming The Authority was running the company to the ground. Mr. McMahon accepted the offer, only if he won one more match. Shane accepted, and Mr. McMahon announced he would wrestle at WrestleMania 32 against The Undertaker inside Hell in a Cell. Later that night, in the main event match between Reigns and Sheamus, Triple H came out and he and Reigns would start brawling outside the ring. Triple H proceeded to smash Reigns' face onto the announce table, (kayfabe) breaking Reigns' nose, and ending the attack with a Pedigree onto the steel steps. On March 12 at Roadblock, Triple H successfully defended the title against Ambrose, securing his place in the main event of WrestleMania 32 against Reigns, to whom he lost the title on April 3. On the post-WrestleMania episode of Raw on April 4, Mr. McMahon opened the show to announce that his returning son, Shane McMahon, would run Raw for one night only. However, Shane continued to run Raw due to "overwhelming fan support" until the April 25 episode of Raw, when Stephanie McMahon returned to announce that Mr. McMahon would decide who'd permanently control Raw at Payback. Mr. McMahon announced that both Stephanie and Shane would run Raw together on a permanent basis, and The Authority became inactive. Triple H and Stephanie reunited against Seth Rollins at WrestleMania 33 in 2017 where Rollins defeated Triple H in a non-sanctioned match, but the two were not referred to as The Authority during this time.

Paragraph 43: "All Horse Guards, Grenadier Guards, Foot Guards and Blackguards, that have not polled for the destruction of Chelsea Hospital... are desired to meet at the Gutter Hole opposite the Horse Guards, where they will have a full bumper of knock-me down and plenty of soapsuds before they go in to poll for Sir C Wray." read a Fox party poster. In 1788, army reforms broke up the "gentlemen's club" of the Horse Guards, and a decisive mood prevailed in parliament for Pitt to act. The two extant troops of Horse Guards became the Life Guards, and the private gentlemen who had heretofore made up the ranks of the regiment were largely pensioned off. The Horse Grenadier Guards were disbanded at the same time, and many of the men transferred to the Life Guards, making up the bulk of the new regiment.  The wholesale replacement of aristocrats by common troopers gave the Life Guards the derisory nickname of "Cheeses" or "Cheesemongers". The royal Duke of York, Commander-in-Chief wrote to the former Lord Broome, Earl Cornwallis, who had so spectacularly lost the colonies: "I have no doubt that Your Lordship will not regret the reduction of the Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadiers as they were the most useless & the most unmilitary Troopes that ever were seen.  I confess that I was a little story for the Horse Grenadiers because they were to a degree Soldiers, but the Horse Guards were nothing but a collection of London Tradespeople." One reason for the symptom of declining reputation was poor pay.  But after the reforms regimental prestige rose as officers wanted to purchase a commission just for the honour of serving.  Generous retirement annuities were negotiated by Colonel of Horse Grenadiers, the Duke of Northumberland and his deputy, Lord Howard de Walden.  Their regiment became a 'feeder' to 1st and 2nd Life Guards.  Traditionally chosen for their size and strength, the Horse Grenadiers' more professional complexion changed the character of the 'gentlemanly' Life Guards.  In 1806 Northumberland took over as Colonel of The Blues.  The duke was a popular figure who reduced rents through a period of failed harvests, and an effective colonel.  He had served with the Horse Grenadiers in the Seven Years' War. The Horse Grenadiers disappeared after 1788 as the amalgamated part of the Life Guards two regiments.  Devonshire's long black jackboots, and the flash cord of the grenades from the Horse Grenadiers were used in the design of the modern ceremonial cartouche of the 1850s.

Paragraph 44: The Enterprise is soon met by a Klingon battlecruiser, captained by Commander K'Nera (David Froman), who demands the return of the fugitive Klingons. Knowing that Korris and Konmel will be tried and executed if they are returned, Worf argues instead for their exile to a hostile planet but K'Nera refuses. Korris and Konmel use parts secreted on their uniforms to assemble a disruptor pistol and escape from the brig; Konmel is killed as Korris takes over the Engineering deck. Picard and Worf race to Engineering and Worf tries to reason with Korris who is threatening to destroy the warp core and take the Enterprise with him. Korris attempts to persuade Worf to come with him and conquer the galaxy as a true Klingon, but Worf retorts that a true Klingon fights out of honor and loyalty and that Korris has demonstrated neither. Korris is enraged and Worf takes the opportunity to shoot him dead. K'Nera is told of the deaths of the fugitives and Worf declares that they "died well", when asked of their manner of death. Worf agrees to consider an offer to serve aboard the Klingon battlecruiser after his service aboard the Enterprise is complete, but when communications with K'Nera are broken off, he assures the bridge crew he was just being polite.

Paragraph 45: Again, fire destroys The Queen Vic and Peggy transfers ownership to Phil before she leaves Walford. Phil renovates the pub and rents it to Alfie Moon and his wife Kat (Jessie Wallace). Kat is away temporarily in 2012 when Roxy again is landlady but upon Kat's return, The Queen Vic is forced to close down due to an outbreak of bed bugs, the source of which was thought to be Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), who has been staying. Instead, it was found that the source was the flat where Kat was meeting her lover Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman). The Queen Vic returns to Phil when Kat and Alfie fail to pay rent and Roxy is again made manager. However, Phil has a change of mind about Kat and Alfie when he finds out from Kat about her affair and subsequent attempt to save her marriage, all the while leaving Roxy as manager. During Christmas 2012, Alfie finds out about the affair, they separate and Roxy and Amy move back to The Queen Vic. Roxy replaces Kat as the joint licensee of the pub with Alfie, but leaves after Alfie reunites with Kat on the day of his and Roxy's wedding. As an act of revenge against the Moons, Phil decides to sell the pub and Alfie and Kat are forced to move out. Janine initially tries to buy the pub, but is arrested for murder before paying Phil. Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) buys The Queen Victoria on Christmas Day, 2013, and the following day moves into the pub with his wife Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) and son Johnny Carter (Sam Strike). Phil is surprised to discover that Mick is Shirley's brother. When Shirley persuades their estranged father into giving them £10,000 to repair the rising damp in the cellar, Mick and Linda give Shirley a 10% stake in the pub.

Paragraph 46: In the 1990s, a series of works for music theater was created: Intona (1991), Dépons / Der Fall (1992), The happy hand / open (1993), Der Fall / Dépons (1993), De promenoir van Mondriaan, (1994 ), De val van Mussolini (1995) and Scheuer im Haag (1995). Raaijmakers' oeuvre covers a wide variety of genres and styles, varying from sound animations for films to extremely abstract pulse structures, from "action music" to infinite voice patterns, from electro-acoustic tableaux vivants to extracts of music theatre. He is considered as someone who combines disciplines such as visual art, film, literature and theatre with the world of music. Raaijmakers has created numerous electronic compositions, "instructional pieces" for string ensembles, phono-kinetic objects, "graphic methods" for tractor and bicycle, "operations" for tape, film, theatre, percussion ensemble, museum and performance, artworks for offices and conservatory, and many soundscape compositions and music theatre productions, including some for the Holland Festival and for theatre company Hollandia. His theoretical essays are evidence of his profound interest in special inter-media connections. For instance, in his latest publication Cahier M (2000) Raaijmakers elaborated upon the connections he saw between the 19th-century French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey, composer Pierre Boulez, architect Iannis Xenakis and the musical views of Piet Mondrian. One of his most important books is The Method (1985), in which he describes in an exact but also poetic way how motion, cause and effect and their perception are interrelated.After obtaining a diploma in radio technique, he decided to deepen his theoretical knowledge and was particularly interested in mathematics, physics and acoustics. Under the name Kid Baltan, he released several records considered to be the first Dutch electronic music, pioneering popular electronic music, in particular the LP the Kid Baltan  from 1957. He never stopped exploring the links between scientific research and artistic creativity. Founder of Dutch electronic music, he built bridges between contemporary music and the work of the French physiologist Étienne-Jules Marey. For example, he is the designer of a mechanism called  De grafische methode fiets  ( The Graphic Method: Bicyclette   The Graphic Method  is the name of a work by Marey.), composed of a kind of bicycle accompanied by a complex system of sensors placed on its actuator, and which aims to reproduce in sound form, on the scale of the auditorium, the efforts of the latter (tension muscle, shortness of breath, heartbeat etc.). Designed in 1979, the instrument was exhibited throughout the month of November 2008 at the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, UK. He created other similar instruments but of much larger size, in particular in the context of the play  De val van Mussolini  (La Chute de Mussolini , 1995).

Paragraph 47: The Enterprise is soon met by a Klingon battlecruiser, captained by Commander K'Nera (David Froman), who demands the return of the fugitive Klingons. Knowing that Korris and Konmel will be tried and executed if they are returned, Worf argues instead for their exile to a hostile planet but K'Nera refuses. Korris and Konmel use parts secreted on their uniforms to assemble a disruptor pistol and escape from the brig; Konmel is killed as Korris takes over the Engineering deck. Picard and Worf race to Engineering and Worf tries to reason with Korris who is threatening to destroy the warp core and take the Enterprise with him. Korris attempts to persuade Worf to come with him and conquer the galaxy as a true Klingon, but Worf retorts that a true Klingon fights out of honor and loyalty and that Korris has demonstrated neither. Korris is enraged and Worf takes the opportunity to shoot him dead. K'Nera is told of the deaths of the fugitives and Worf declares that they "died well", when asked of their manner of death. Worf agrees to consider an offer to serve aboard the Klingon battlecruiser after his service aboard the Enterprise is complete, but when communications with K'Nera are broken off, he assures the bridge crew he was just being polite.

Paragraph 48: Miltonia are comparatively medium large orchid plants reaching about fifty centimeters height. They present  subcaespitous growth, that means their pseudobulbs are not tightly packed but slightly spaced by a rhizome, that is longer than on caespitous plants, with length between two and five centimeters. Their roots grow along the rhizome in high numbers. They are white, comparatively thin, usually short and hardly branched. The rhizome is covered by dried imbricating steaths which get increasingly larger at the base of pseudobulb becoming articulated foliar steaths that partially cover them. The pseudobulbs and leaves vary in color from yellowish bright light green to olive green depending on the species and to the amount of sunlight they are exposed to. They may be more oval and laterally highly flattened to slightly tetragonal and elongated and almost always bear two apical leaves. The leaves are narrow, flexible and hardly larger than three centimeters wide and forty long with the apexes rounded sometimes slightly pointed. Some species are about half of this size. The inflorescences are one or two per pseudobulb, shoot from their bases behind the protecting steaths. They are erect and never branched, often longer than the leaves, bearing from one to twelve moderately spaced flowers that open at the same time or in succession holding three or four opened all the time, when the older fades a new one opens. The older flowers of species with white lips that open in succession usually get yellower about the time the next flower opens although they still last one more week before fading. The first to bloom is M. cuneata, during late winter, but the majority of species bloom from late spring to late summer.

Paragraph 49: The Enterprise is soon met by a Klingon battlecruiser, captained by Commander K'Nera (David Froman), who demands the return of the fugitive Klingons. Knowing that Korris and Konmel will be tried and executed if they are returned, Worf argues instead for their exile to a hostile planet but K'Nera refuses. Korris and Konmel use parts secreted on their uniforms to assemble a disruptor pistol and escape from the brig; Konmel is killed as Korris takes over the Engineering deck. Picard and Worf race to Engineering and Worf tries to reason with Korris who is threatening to destroy the warp core and take the Enterprise with him. Korris attempts to persuade Worf to come with him and conquer the galaxy as a true Klingon, but Worf retorts that a true Klingon fights out of honor and loyalty and that Korris has demonstrated neither. Korris is enraged and Worf takes the opportunity to shoot him dead. K'Nera is told of the deaths of the fugitives and Worf declares that they "died well", when asked of their manner of death. Worf agrees to consider an offer to serve aboard the Klingon battlecruiser after his service aboard the Enterprise is complete, but when communications with K'Nera are broken off, he assures the bridge crew he was just being polite.