Paragraph 1: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 2: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 3: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 4: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 5: Recent increases in computational power and ease of sequencing have allowed the concept of evolutionary landscapes to be taken from a purely conceptual metaphor to something that can be modeled and explored. This is especially true of the field of genomics. One good example is the research article "The Evolutionary Landscape of Cytosolic Microbial Sensors in Humans." In their study, Vasseur et al. were interested in the evolution of the innate immune system; specifically, they wished to map the genetic diversity—the occupied evolutionary landscape—and patterns of selection and diversification—the movements made and being made along that landscape—of the NOD-like receptor (NLR) family of the pattern-recognition receptors (PRRs) that drive the innate immune response. These genes are responsible for detecting patterns/chemicals (e.g. chitin, oxidative stress) associated with invading microbes, tissue damage, and stress. To achieve this, they sequenced 21 genes from 185 humans and used several statistical methods to examine patterns of selection and diversification. The NLR family can be divided into two subfamilies—the NALP subfamily and the NOD/IPAF subfamily. The authors found that the NALP family was under strong purifying selection and exhibited low genetic and functional diversity. They hypothesize this is because these genes have vital, non-redundant roles. Evidence in favor of this hypothesis comes from the independent discovery of rare alleles with mutations in two of the genes leading to a severe inflammatory disease and pregnancy complications. The NOD/IPAF subfamily seems to have evolved under relaxed selection and exhibits a fair amount of genetic and functional diversity. The authors also found evidence of positive selection. The gene with the strongest positive selection was NLRP1, which has two haplotypes undergoing selective sweeps. The first haplotype is seven amino acids in strong linkage disequilibrium. This haplotype is global and seems to be moving toward fixation, which started in Asia and is still occurring in Europe and Africa. The second haplotype is restricted to Europe and is not in linkage disequilibrium with the global haplotype. This European haplotype carries with it a mutation associated with autoimmune diseases. The authors hypothesize another mutation in the haplotype is what selection is acting on and this deleterious mutation is simply hitchhiking along with it.

Paragraph 6: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 7: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 8: Glenn's fake death in the third episode, "Thank You", was a major source of controversy. The Hollywood Reporter heavily criticized the decision of the writers to create the story line. Daniel Fienberg felt apathetic about the decision and said, "I'm not sure I care about [...] the way his death would impact the ensemble. If he's dead, the loss will be felt most by Maggie, but Maggie just had her sister die a few episodes ago, so there's no variation anymore to making Lauren Cohan wail, no matter how entirely convincingly she does it. To me, The Walking Dead has lost whatever core of human relationships it ever had, and whether Glenn lives or dies, it just feels mechanical now." Tim Goodman expressed shock over the concept of Glenn potentially being alive saying, "I honestly don't think showrunner Scott M. Gimple is dumb enough to fake this death somehow, not with how implausible it would be for Glenn to survive it." The Hollywood Reporter later declared that the show had "lost its credibility" when Glenn was revealed to be alive in the seventh episode, "Heads Up." Scott Gimple responded to the controversy surrounding this. He said, "We've had instances of people in a very emotional state — Tyreese jumping into the middle of a large herd and fighting his way out; a man cut off his own hand and fights his way through a department store full of walkers. These things are part of the world. Glenn had the bad luck of being knocked off that dumpster by Nicholas, ending his own life but [Glenn] had the good luck of Nicholas landing on him. There's a lot of very specific facts about it that I think a lot of people have sort of gotten wrong. But breaking it down shot for shot … I think we're past that point. I don't think this is any sort of new instance that broke the rules of our show at all. I think it's very much in line with everything we've done before. I don't think there's a credibility issue." Erik Kain for Forbes felt that the decision ruined Glenn's storyline. He declared season 6 "a mixed bag" and was frustrated with the decision to hold off Glenn's fate for 3 episodes. He said, "...the showrunners spent three more episodes essentially refusing to move the plot forward. We got one good backstory, and then two episodes where almost nothing happened to anyone we cared about. We learned that Maggie was pregnant and that's about all." When speaking of the confirmation of Glenn being alive, Kain felt the decision was "implausible" from the inconsistency of his fall and camera angle tricks. He also felt the decision to "[drag] it out for weeks" had "effectively [killed] off all the tension [...] at the end of episode 3." Brian Moylan of The Guardian was also critical, saying: "Glenn is alive, and The Walking Dead will never be the same.... It would rather kill off a main character than pull a lame switcheroo. Until now."

Paragraph 9: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 10: Ivan Ivanovich goes out in search of distraction and chances upon a funeral. It turns out to be that of a distant relative of his, a collegiate councillor with five unmarried daughters. He joins the procession but is ignored by his relative's family. He observes and contemplates the cemetery – the smell, the newly arrived corpses, the graves, the mourners—some of whom are only pretending to mourn and others who are openly cheerful. When everyone leaves he stays at the cemetery and falls into contemplation. After sitting for a long time, his mind wandering, he lies down on a long stone coffin and is shocked to find that the voices of the recently deceased and buried seem to become audible to him. He listens to their conversation.  A variety of individuals, all disembodied continuations of their living personalities, converse and argue with each other. It seems that physical death is not final death and that here, according to the philosopher Platon Nikolaevich, "the remnants of life are concentrated, but only in consciousness" and continue for a time "as if by inertia". Despite their 'dead' status, the corpses are not only able to hear each other but to smell each other, a state of affairs that Platon Nikolaevich explains as a stench of the soul meant to bring it to a new state of awareness. Though one or two individuals show a sober and pious attitude to their situation, most of them exhibit a propensity to hold on to, and even reinforce and exaggerate, the moral failings of their earthly personalities. A new arrival called Baron Klinevich suggests that they entertain themselves and each other by revealing all the shameful details of their earthly lives, a proposal that is met with gleeful and almost universal approval. Pandemonium descends, but at this point Ivan Ivanovich suddenly sneezes, and the dead are silent thereafter.  Ivan Ivanovich leaves the cemetery distressed that depravity exists even in the grave,  "the last moments of consciousness". He feels that despite the desire to lose their sense of shame, the dead have a secret that they carefully conceal from mortal men. He contemplates returning to listen to their stories, and to visit other parts of the cemetery to get a fuller understanding of what is going on, but changes his mind, saying that his conscience could not allow it. However he thinks he will be able to publish his account in The Citizen.

Paragraph 11: Johan Oscar Smith (1871–1943), the church's founder, was originally a member of the Methodist church. After a religious conversion in 1898 Smith began preaching to small gatherings. In 1905, his brother Aksel Smith (1880–1919) joined him. Smith had early contact with the Pentecostal movement in Norway and Aksel Smith cooperated with Thomas Ball Barratt during the first few years after Barratt introduced Pentecostalism to Norway in 1906–1907. As both the Pentecostal movement and Smith's group developed, they became increasingly wary of each other, with Barrat accusing Smith of creating schism within his group, as some of his followers joined Smith. During the following years both groups wrote and published articles against the other.

Paragraph 12: Eric finds himself surrounded by the love of three women, Pam, who shares his grief over the loss of her sister, Donna, who stands beside him and comforted him, and finally Taylor, who finds himself betrayed by Stephanie and once again frustrated by Brooke's children: on the one hand, there is Steffy that Liam pregnant, must wait for the choice of the latter and on the other that Thomas wants to go in Paris. Eric begins to collect Taylor's confidences and he decides to help her. In fact, Eric offer convinces Thomas to stay in Los Angeles by appointing him vice-president of Forrester Creations. Taylor is grateful to Eric and kisses him. The two spend much time together, getting closer and closer and sharing more kisses. Eric confides to Taylor the lack of intimacy between him and Stephanie, so Taylor promises to wear lingerie for him. Eric is happy again and feels not having to answer to anyone: in the past had already courted Taylor, but then he had always ignored the attraction because of Stephanie. But now Eric and Taylor feel of not having to brake to Stephanie saying that to go on is what the woman would want for them. During a romantic dinner, Taylor wearing lingerie for Eric, but they are interrupted by Brooke, appalled, she discovers their relationship and accusing Taylor of using her new-found power to have influence over Eric's decisions at Forrester. That same evening, Eric and Taylor declare their feelings, then they make love for the first time. When Taylor moves into the Forrester mansion, Brooke is determined to stop her. Eric and Taylor are happy together and Eric publicly announces his love for Taylor stating that he finally found happiness after Stephanie's death. The problems arrive when Brooke demands Eric wed her: she confesses to him that she is expecting Bill Spencer's child, her sister Katie's husband, and asks Eric to pretend to be the father because she does not want to create another scandal, but Eric refuses because he has a committed relationship with Taylor and he does not want to ruin their happiness. Brooke, however, does not give up and says she wants Eric back her life. When Brooke suffers a miscarriage, she pleads with both Eric and Donna to keep it a secret from Katie, who both agree to do so. But Taylor finds out Brooke's secrets and, at Brooke's birthday party, she blurts out that Brooke had an affair with Bill. Eric and Taylor hit a snag in their blissful relationship over his keeping Brooke's secrets.

Paragraph 13: The coupling of chromatography with MS is a well developed chemical analysis strategy dating back from the 1950s. Gas chromatography (GC)–MS was originally introduced in 1952, when A. T. James and A. J. P. Martin were trying to develop tandem separation - mass analysis techniques. In GC, the analytes are eluted from the separation column as a gas and the connection with electron ionization (EI) or chemical ionization (CI) ion sources in the MS system was a technically simpler challenge. Because of this, the development of GC-MS systems was faster than LC-MS and such systems were first commercialized in the 1970s. The development of LC-MS systems took longer than GC-MS and was directly related to the development of proper interfaces. V. L. Tal'roze and collaborators started the development of LC-MS in the late 1960s, when they first used capillaries to connect an LC columns to an EI source. A similar strategy was investigated by McLafferty and collaborators in 1973 who coupled the LC column to a CI source, which allowed a higher liquid flow into the source. This was the first and most obvious way of coupling LC with MS, and was known as the capillary inlet interface. This pioneer interface for LC-MS had the same analysis capabilities of GC-MS and was limited to rather volatile analytes and non-polar compounds with low molecular mass (below 400 Da). In the capillary inlet interface, the evaporation of the mobile phase inside the capillary was one of the main issues. Within the first years of development of LC-MS, on-line and off-line alternatives were proposed as coupling alternatives. In general, off-line coupling involved fraction collection, evaporation of solvent, and transfer of analytes to the MS using probes. Off-line analyte treatment process was time consuming and there was an inherent risk of sample contamination. Rapidly, it was realized that the analysis of complex mixtures would require the development of a fully automated on-line coupling solution in LC-MS.

Paragraph 14: Johan Oscar Smith (1871–1943), the church's founder, was originally a member of the Methodist church. After a religious conversion in 1898 Smith began preaching to small gatherings. In 1905, his brother Aksel Smith (1880–1919) joined him. Smith had early contact with the Pentecostal movement in Norway and Aksel Smith cooperated with Thomas Ball Barratt during the first few years after Barratt introduced Pentecostalism to Norway in 1906–1907. As both the Pentecostal movement and Smith's group developed, they became increasingly wary of each other, with Barrat accusing Smith of creating schism within his group, as some of his followers joined Smith. During the following years both groups wrote and published articles against the other.

Paragraph 15: Weeks after their failed wedding, Terese and Gary reconcile, but their relationship is constantly troubled by Gary's distrust of Paul. Terese proposes to Gary and he accepts, but after finding Terese and Paul working late at the hotel, he realises he cannot move past her betrayal and ends their relationship. Paul asks Terese to mentor his son Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). After months of working together closely, Leo declares his feelings for Terese. She rejects him and ends the mentorship, but slowly realises she reciprocates Leo's feelings and they have sex. They keep their fling a secret from Paul, who is still hopeful for a reconciliation with Terese. He catches them together at the penthouse and seeks revenge for their betrayal. Evicted from Paul's penthouse, Leo moves in with Terese and their relationship strengthens, despite constant opposition from Paul. Leo tells Terese that he loves her but suddenly breaks up with her to pursue a relationship with Delaney Renshaw (Ella Newton). Terese tries to find out why he broke up with her but eventually accepts that he has moved on. After Piper overhears Delaney taking a suspicious phone call, Terese goes through her things but is caught. She then attempts to seduce Paul, but he rejects her advances. Leo tells Terese that he broke up with Delaney and still loves her, but she refuses to listen to him. Delaney's uncle, Ivan Renshaw (Michael Shanahan), shoots at Leo, but accidentally hits Terese instead. She is shot in the shoulder, and the blood vessels around the injury are damaged, requiring further surgery. While in hospital, Terese unconsciously tells Piper that she still loves Paul. Terese makes a full recovery. Leo and Terese get back together and Leo proposes to her, but she rejects the proposal as she does not see a future with him. Paul confronts Terese and she admits that she still has feelings for him and they kiss. Leo walks in on them and accuses Terese and Paul of having an affair behind his back. Leo wrecks the hotel's Valentine's Day display and injures Vera Punt (Sally-Anne Upton). He then gets drunk and causes a scene in the street, as he begs Terese to come back to him. While giving an apology to Vera, Leo reveals that he is now dating Piper. Terese accuses Leo of seducing Piper out of revenge and says she thought Piper had more self-respect. Terese later apologises to Piper. 

Paragraph 16: Defoe was a striker and began his career with Charlton Athletic, joining their youth team aged 14, before moving to West Ham United aged 16 and rising through the ranks. He made his first-team debut for West Ham in 2000 and, after a season-long loan spell at AFC Bournemouth during the 2000–01 season, established himself in the West Ham line-up. After West Ham's relegation in 2003, a move to Tottenham Hotspur in January 2004 soon followed, where Defoe played for four years before being sold to Portsmouth in January 2008. He spent one season at Fratton Park before returning to Tottenham in the January 2009 transfer window. He left for Toronto of Major League Soccer (MLS) in 2014, before returning to England in January 2015 to sign for Sunderland where he stayed until the club was relegated from the Premier League in 2017. Following a brief spell at AFC Bournemouth in 2017, Defoe joined Scottish team Rangers in 2018 on loan. The move was later made permanent. At his new club he was involved in winning the 2020–21 league title. This was the first and only league title in his career at the age of 38. 

Paragraph 17: Weeks after their failed wedding, Terese and Gary reconcile, but their relationship is constantly troubled by Gary's distrust of Paul. Terese proposes to Gary and he accepts, but after finding Terese and Paul working late at the hotel, he realises he cannot move past her betrayal and ends their relationship. Paul asks Terese to mentor his son Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). After months of working together closely, Leo declares his feelings for Terese. She rejects him and ends the mentorship, but slowly realises she reciprocates Leo's feelings and they have sex. They keep their fling a secret from Paul, who is still hopeful for a reconciliation with Terese. He catches them together at the penthouse and seeks revenge for their betrayal. Evicted from Paul's penthouse, Leo moves in with Terese and their relationship strengthens, despite constant opposition from Paul. Leo tells Terese that he loves her but suddenly breaks up with her to pursue a relationship with Delaney Renshaw (Ella Newton). Terese tries to find out why he broke up with her but eventually accepts that he has moved on. After Piper overhears Delaney taking a suspicious phone call, Terese goes through her things but is caught. She then attempts to seduce Paul, but he rejects her advances. Leo tells Terese that he broke up with Delaney and still loves her, but she refuses to listen to him. Delaney's uncle, Ivan Renshaw (Michael Shanahan), shoots at Leo, but accidentally hits Terese instead. She is shot in the shoulder, and the blood vessels around the injury are damaged, requiring further surgery. While in hospital, Terese unconsciously tells Piper that she still loves Paul. Terese makes a full recovery. Leo and Terese get back together and Leo proposes to her, but she rejects the proposal as she does not see a future with him. Paul confronts Terese and she admits that she still has feelings for him and they kiss. Leo walks in on them and accuses Terese and Paul of having an affair behind his back. Leo wrecks the hotel's Valentine's Day display and injures Vera Punt (Sally-Anne Upton). He then gets drunk and causes a scene in the street, as he begs Terese to come back to him. While giving an apology to Vera, Leo reveals that he is now dating Piper. Terese accuses Leo of seducing Piper out of revenge and says she thought Piper had more self-respect. Terese later apologises to Piper. 

Paragraph 18: Ivan Ivanovich goes out in search of distraction and chances upon a funeral. It turns out to be that of a distant relative of his, a collegiate councillor with five unmarried daughters. He joins the procession but is ignored by his relative's family. He observes and contemplates the cemetery – the smell, the newly arrived corpses, the graves, the mourners—some of whom are only pretending to mourn and others who are openly cheerful. When everyone leaves he stays at the cemetery and falls into contemplation. After sitting for a long time, his mind wandering, he lies down on a long stone coffin and is shocked to find that the voices of the recently deceased and buried seem to become audible to him. He listens to their conversation.  A variety of individuals, all disembodied continuations of their living personalities, converse and argue with each other. It seems that physical death is not final death and that here, according to the philosopher Platon Nikolaevich, "the remnants of life are concentrated, but only in consciousness" and continue for a time "as if by inertia". Despite their 'dead' status, the corpses are not only able to hear each other but to smell each other, a state of affairs that Platon Nikolaevich explains as a stench of the soul meant to bring it to a new state of awareness. Though one or two individuals show a sober and pious attitude to their situation, most of them exhibit a propensity to hold on to, and even reinforce and exaggerate, the moral failings of their earthly personalities. A new arrival called Baron Klinevich suggests that they entertain themselves and each other by revealing all the shameful details of their earthly lives, a proposal that is met with gleeful and almost universal approval. Pandemonium descends, but at this point Ivan Ivanovich suddenly sneezes, and the dead are silent thereafter.  Ivan Ivanovich leaves the cemetery distressed that depravity exists even in the grave,  "the last moments of consciousness". He feels that despite the desire to lose their sense of shame, the dead have a secret that they carefully conceal from mortal men. He contemplates returning to listen to their stories, and to visit other parts of the cemetery to get a fuller understanding of what is going on, but changes his mind, saying that his conscience could not allow it. However he thinks he will be able to publish his account in The Citizen.

Paragraph 19: Recent increases in computational power and ease of sequencing have allowed the concept of evolutionary landscapes to be taken from a purely conceptual metaphor to something that can be modeled and explored. This is especially true of the field of genomics. One good example is the research article "The Evolutionary Landscape of Cytosolic Microbial Sensors in Humans." In their study, Vasseur et al. were interested in the evolution of the innate immune system; specifically, they wished to map the genetic diversity—the occupied evolutionary landscape—and patterns of selection and diversification—the movements made and being made along that landscape—of the NOD-like receptor (NLR) family of the pattern-recognition receptors (PRRs) that drive the innate immune response. These genes are responsible for detecting patterns/chemicals (e.g. chitin, oxidative stress) associated with invading microbes, tissue damage, and stress. To achieve this, they sequenced 21 genes from 185 humans and used several statistical methods to examine patterns of selection and diversification. The NLR family can be divided into two subfamilies—the NALP subfamily and the NOD/IPAF subfamily. The authors found that the NALP family was under strong purifying selection and exhibited low genetic and functional diversity. They hypothesize this is because these genes have vital, non-redundant roles. Evidence in favor of this hypothesis comes from the independent discovery of rare alleles with mutations in two of the genes leading to a severe inflammatory disease and pregnancy complications. The NOD/IPAF subfamily seems to have evolved under relaxed selection and exhibits a fair amount of genetic and functional diversity. The authors also found evidence of positive selection. The gene with the strongest positive selection was NLRP1, which has two haplotypes undergoing selective sweeps. The first haplotype is seven amino acids in strong linkage disequilibrium. This haplotype is global and seems to be moving toward fixation, which started in Asia and is still occurring in Europe and Africa. The second haplotype is restricted to Europe and is not in linkage disequilibrium with the global haplotype. This European haplotype carries with it a mutation associated with autoimmune diseases. The authors hypothesize another mutation in the haplotype is what selection is acting on and this deleterious mutation is simply hitchhiking along with it.

Paragraph 20: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 21:  Vehicle File: Provides details on the registered keeper of a motor vehicle, as well as storing other information from the DVLA as to the vehicle's status (Tax Expired, V23 Submitted, Stolen, Chassis Number, Engine Number etc.). Certain reports can be added by the police which relate to the vehicle or occupant status; examples include if the occupants are believed to be involved in crime or are missing, if the vehicle is stolen, if the vehicle is believed to be cloned etc. The vehicle record system is currently linked to the Motor Insurance Database (maintained by the Motor Insurers Bureau) which can confirm if an insurance policy is on the vehicle and the details of such policy such as named drivers, policy dates, policy number and insurance company. The Vehicle Operator Services Agency (VOSA) have computerised the MOT; as a result, a link has been created to the PNC which shows the expiration date of the MOT tests for vehicles. The vehicle file actually contains two separate databases (that show on a single screen), one of which is updated and controlled by the DVLA, and the second part is the responsibility of the police (including vehicle reports, which the DVLA do not have access to).

Paragraph 22: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 23: Eric finds himself surrounded by the love of three women, Pam, who shares his grief over the loss of her sister, Donna, who stands beside him and comforted him, and finally Taylor, who finds himself betrayed by Stephanie and once again frustrated by Brooke's children: on the one hand, there is Steffy that Liam pregnant, must wait for the choice of the latter and on the other that Thomas wants to go in Paris. Eric begins to collect Taylor's confidences and he decides to help her. In fact, Eric offer convinces Thomas to stay in Los Angeles by appointing him vice-president of Forrester Creations. Taylor is grateful to Eric and kisses him. The two spend much time together, getting closer and closer and sharing more kisses. Eric confides to Taylor the lack of intimacy between him and Stephanie, so Taylor promises to wear lingerie for him. Eric is happy again and feels not having to answer to anyone: in the past had already courted Taylor, but then he had always ignored the attraction because of Stephanie. But now Eric and Taylor feel of not having to brake to Stephanie saying that to go on is what the woman would want for them. During a romantic dinner, Taylor wearing lingerie for Eric, but they are interrupted by Brooke, appalled, she discovers their relationship and accusing Taylor of using her new-found power to have influence over Eric's decisions at Forrester. That same evening, Eric and Taylor declare their feelings, then they make love for the first time. When Taylor moves into the Forrester mansion, Brooke is determined to stop her. Eric and Taylor are happy together and Eric publicly announces his love for Taylor stating that he finally found happiness after Stephanie's death. The problems arrive when Brooke demands Eric wed her: she confesses to him that she is expecting Bill Spencer's child, her sister Katie's husband, and asks Eric to pretend to be the father because she does not want to create another scandal, but Eric refuses because he has a committed relationship with Taylor and he does not want to ruin their happiness. Brooke, however, does not give up and says she wants Eric back her life. When Brooke suffers a miscarriage, she pleads with both Eric and Donna to keep it a secret from Katie, who both agree to do so. But Taylor finds out Brooke's secrets and, at Brooke's birthday party, she blurts out that Brooke had an affair with Bill. Eric and Taylor hit a snag in their blissful relationship over his keeping Brooke's secrets.

Paragraph 24: Glenn's fake death in the third episode, "Thank You", was a major source of controversy. The Hollywood Reporter heavily criticized the decision of the writers to create the story line. Daniel Fienberg felt apathetic about the decision and said, "I'm not sure I care about [...] the way his death would impact the ensemble. If he's dead, the loss will be felt most by Maggie, but Maggie just had her sister die a few episodes ago, so there's no variation anymore to making Lauren Cohan wail, no matter how entirely convincingly she does it. To me, The Walking Dead has lost whatever core of human relationships it ever had, and whether Glenn lives or dies, it just feels mechanical now." Tim Goodman expressed shock over the concept of Glenn potentially being alive saying, "I honestly don't think showrunner Scott M. Gimple is dumb enough to fake this death somehow, not with how implausible it would be for Glenn to survive it." The Hollywood Reporter later declared that the show had "lost its credibility" when Glenn was revealed to be alive in the seventh episode, "Heads Up." Scott Gimple responded to the controversy surrounding this. He said, "We've had instances of people in a very emotional state — Tyreese jumping into the middle of a large herd and fighting his way out; a man cut off his own hand and fights his way through a department store full of walkers. These things are part of the world. Glenn had the bad luck of being knocked off that dumpster by Nicholas, ending his own life but [Glenn] had the good luck of Nicholas landing on him. There's a lot of very specific facts about it that I think a lot of people have sort of gotten wrong. But breaking it down shot for shot … I think we're past that point. I don't think this is any sort of new instance that broke the rules of our show at all. I think it's very much in line with everything we've done before. I don't think there's a credibility issue." Erik Kain for Forbes felt that the decision ruined Glenn's storyline. He declared season 6 "a mixed bag" and was frustrated with the decision to hold off Glenn's fate for 3 episodes. He said, "...the showrunners spent three more episodes essentially refusing to move the plot forward. We got one good backstory, and then two episodes where almost nothing happened to anyone we cared about. We learned that Maggie was pregnant and that's about all." When speaking of the confirmation of Glenn being alive, Kain felt the decision was "implausible" from the inconsistency of his fall and camera angle tricks. He also felt the decision to "[drag] it out for weeks" had "effectively [killed] off all the tension [...] at the end of episode 3." Brian Moylan of The Guardian was also critical, saying: "Glenn is alive, and The Walking Dead will never be the same.... It would rather kill off a main character than pull a lame switcheroo. Until now."

Paragraph 25: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 26: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 27: Under Principal Railway Architect John Sidney Egan, new station designs were prepared for the quadruplication project. An overall concept for the form and structure of the station buildings was established, but the designs were non-standardised, and took account of platform width, which varied from station to station. Architect Jan Kral was responsible for the Graceville and Chelmer designs and signed off on the drawings for Sherwood station as Acting Principal Architect. He was born in Poland and studied at Stuttgart University after the war. He came to Australia in 1950 and was employed by the Queensland Railways the following year, initially as a draftsman, becoming a Senior Architect by 1958. While the designs were all somewhat different, they shared a form derived from a long, thin building, rectangular in plan and made with a regular procession of columns, surmounted by a butterfly roof that cantilevered over each platform side to shelter waiting and alighting rail passengers. A number of standardised plans for Railways Department butterfly-roofed awnings were developed and used between 1949 and 1960, many having been designed by Bevis Thelwall. A common palette of materials including reinforced concrete, steel and exposed brickwork was used. The steel work was all prefabricated at the Northgate workshops. Graceville Station was the first of these station fit-outs to be completed within the quadruplication project between Corinda and Roma Street.

Paragraph 28: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 29: During the South Sudanese Civil War there were ethnic undertones to the conflict between the South Sudan People's Defence Forces and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-in-Opposition, which has been accused of being dominated by the Dinka ethnic group. A Dinka lobbying group known as the "Jieng Council of Elders" was often accused of being behind hardline SPLM policies. While the army used to attract men who were members of different tribes, during the war, a large number of the SPLA's soldiers were from the Dinka stronghold of Bahr el Ghazal, and within the country the army was often referred to as "the Dinka army". Much of the worst atrocities committed are blamed on a group known as "Dot Ke Beny" (Rescue the President) or "Mathiang Anyoor" (Brown caterpillar), while the SPLA claim that it is just another battalion. Immediately after the alleged coup in 2013, Dinka troops, and particularly Mathiang Anyoor, were accused of carrying out pogroms, assisted by guides, in house to house searches of Nuer suburbs, while similar door to door searches of Nuers were reported in government held Malakal. About 240 Nuer men were killed at a police station in Juba's Gudele neighborhood. During the fighting in 2016–17 in the Upper Nile region between the SPLA and the SPLA-IO allied Upper Nile faction of Uliny, Shilluk in Wau Shilluk were forced from their homes and Yasmin Sooka, chairwoman of the Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan, claimed that the government was engaging in "social engineering" after it transported 2,000 mostly Dinka people to the abandoned areas. The king of the Shilluk Kingdom, Kwongo Dak Padiet, claimed his people were at risk of physical and cultural extinction. In the Equatoria region, Dinka soldiers were accused of targeting civilians on ethnic lines against the dozens of ethnic groups among the Equatorians, with much of the atrocities being blamed on Mathiang Anyoor. Adama Dieng, the U.N.'s Special Adviser on the Prevention of Genocide, warned of genocide after visiting areas of fighting in Yei. Khalid Boutros of the Cobra faction as well as officials of the Murle led Boma State accuse the SPLA of aiding attacks by Dinka from Jonglei state against Boma state, and soldiers from Jonglei captured Kotchar in Boma in 2017. In 2010, Dennis Blair, the United States Director of National Intelligence, issued a warning that "over the next five years, ... a new mass killing or genocide is most likely to occur in southern Sudan." In April 2017, Priti Patel, the Secretary of the United Kingdom's Department for International Development, declared the violence in South Sudan as genocide.

Paragraph 30: Defoe was a striker and began his career with Charlton Athletic, joining their youth team aged 14, before moving to West Ham United aged 16 and rising through the ranks. He made his first-team debut for West Ham in 2000 and, after a season-long loan spell at AFC Bournemouth during the 2000–01 season, established himself in the West Ham line-up. After West Ham's relegation in 2003, a move to Tottenham Hotspur in January 2004 soon followed, where Defoe played for four years before being sold to Portsmouth in January 2008. He spent one season at Fratton Park before returning to Tottenham in the January 2009 transfer window. He left for Toronto of Major League Soccer (MLS) in 2014, before returning to England in January 2015 to sign for Sunderland where he stayed until the club was relegated from the Premier League in 2017. Following a brief spell at AFC Bournemouth in 2017, Defoe joined Scottish team Rangers in 2018 on loan. The move was later made permanent. At his new club he was involved in winning the 2020–21 league title. This was the first and only league title in his career at the age of 38. 

Paragraph 31: A great example of a domestic style vase is an Attic red-figure hydria discovered in Delos, Greece, and currently located in the Mykonos Archaeological Museum. The date range for this work is between 450 and 400 BC. It has few if any intricacies about it. It is a plain painting of two women facing each other. On the very top lip there is a tongue pattern that wraps all the way around the top of the hydria. There is a more intricate tongue pattern that wraps around the neck just above the shoulder of the hydria. Around the bottom there is a meander pattern interrupted with a cross pattern every fourth block. With the exception of these three patterns the hydria is very basic. It shows two women standing facing each other with a mirror suspended in between them. The woman on the left (as you look at the hydria) is holding a box with her head bowed. She is wearing a hat and does not have hands that are visible. The woman on the right has her head bowed as well but not quite as far and is not wearing a hat. Both women’s faces are strikingly similar. The eyes are triangular in shape, which is a common feature in most of the Kleophon Painter’s works. Their noses are unnaturally triangular and their chins have a smooth curve. The woman on the right has a slightly more bulbous chin than the one on the left. Both women are wearing fairly basic robes that go all the way down to their feet. The robes have a few lines and folds in them but for the most part are plain. The only two things in the background are a mirror that seems to be hanging in midair (most likely to be presumed that it is hung on a wall) and a seat with a simple pattern on it.

Paragraph 32: Glenn's fake death in the third episode, "Thank You", was a major source of controversy. The Hollywood Reporter heavily criticized the decision of the writers to create the story line. Daniel Fienberg felt apathetic about the decision and said, "I'm not sure I care about [...] the way his death would impact the ensemble. If he's dead, the loss will be felt most by Maggie, but Maggie just had her sister die a few episodes ago, so there's no variation anymore to making Lauren Cohan wail, no matter how entirely convincingly she does it. To me, The Walking Dead has lost whatever core of human relationships it ever had, and whether Glenn lives or dies, it just feels mechanical now." Tim Goodman expressed shock over the concept of Glenn potentially being alive saying, "I honestly don't think showrunner Scott M. Gimple is dumb enough to fake this death somehow, not with how implausible it would be for Glenn to survive it." The Hollywood Reporter later declared that the show had "lost its credibility" when Glenn was revealed to be alive in the seventh episode, "Heads Up." Scott Gimple responded to the controversy surrounding this. He said, "We've had instances of people in a very emotional state — Tyreese jumping into the middle of a large herd and fighting his way out; a man cut off his own hand and fights his way through a department store full of walkers. These things are part of the world. Glenn had the bad luck of being knocked off that dumpster by Nicholas, ending his own life but [Glenn] had the good luck of Nicholas landing on him. There's a lot of very specific facts about it that I think a lot of people have sort of gotten wrong. But breaking it down shot for shot … I think we're past that point. I don't think this is any sort of new instance that broke the rules of our show at all. I think it's very much in line with everything we've done before. I don't think there's a credibility issue." Erik Kain for Forbes felt that the decision ruined Glenn's storyline. He declared season 6 "a mixed bag" and was frustrated with the decision to hold off Glenn's fate for 3 episodes. He said, "...the showrunners spent three more episodes essentially refusing to move the plot forward. We got one good backstory, and then two episodes where almost nothing happened to anyone we cared about. We learned that Maggie was pregnant and that's about all." When speaking of the confirmation of Glenn being alive, Kain felt the decision was "implausible" from the inconsistency of his fall and camera angle tricks. He also felt the decision to "[drag] it out for weeks" had "effectively [killed] off all the tension [...] at the end of episode 3." Brian Moylan of The Guardian was also critical, saying: "Glenn is alive, and The Walking Dead will never be the same.... It would rather kill off a main character than pull a lame switcheroo. Until now."