Paragraph 1: In the port of Marseilles, France, Honore Panisse, a well-to-do sailmaker in his fifties, is enamored of the lovely Madelon, the daughter of a widowed fishmonger. For many years Panisse has played cards with Bruneau, Captain Escartefigue and tavern-owner Cesar, the father of Marius, the boy with whom Madelon is in love. Though Cesar and Marius are great friends, they argue constantly, especially over Panisse's infatuation with Madelon, whom Cesar considers one of the family. One day, Marius sends Madelon a note saying that he is going to sea for three years, but cannot say goodbye in person because it would break his heart. Madelon rushes to the docks and faints as his ship sails away. Because Panisse has just arrived, he tries to carry her home, but Cesar insists on taking her himself, not realizing that Marius has gone. Panisse tries to tell him why she fainted, but cannot, and listens fretfully as Cesar tells him that the two young people will soon be married. When he tells Madelon's mother Honorine this, Madelon, now revived, tells them that Marius has gone. Despite her love, she did not stop him because she knew how much he loved the sea. One month later, As Cesar pretends not to care that Marius has not written, the postman arrives with a letter from the boy. When Madelon arrives he reads the letter aloud, saddening Madelon, who is barely mentioned. Soon Panisse goes to Honorine to ask once again for the hand of Madelon. At the same time, Madelon finds out that she is pregnant and prays that she will have the strength to tell her mother. Madelon later goes to Panisse and tells him why she cannot marry him, but he is overjoyed with the news of her pregnancy because he has always wanted a son and his late wife was never able to bear a child. Because Panisse is so kind, Madelon agrees to marry him for the sake of the little one, and when Cesar arrives, quells his anger by telling him the truth. Cesar finally relents in his anger at Panissse for "stealing" his grandchild when Panisse says that he will make Cesar the godfather. They agree to call the boy Cesar Marius Panisse. After the baby is born, he is the apple of Panisse's eye, and Madelon gains the gratitude of Panisse's aged relatives, as well as the continued devotion of Panisse. One year later, just after Panisse has reluctantly boarded the train to go to Paris on business, Marius unexpectedly shows up at his father's house, returned to France to obtain some equipment for his ship. During the night, Marius goes to see Madelon, knowing that she has married Panisse, and Madelon lies to him, saying that Panisse is asleep. Marius confesses how much he has missed her, but she tells him it's too late. When the baby cries, she goes to him and Marius realizes that the child is his. When she tearfully confesses that Panisse is actually in Paris, Marius asks her to come away with him, but she tells him to go away. Just then Cesar comes back. He has returned home because he ran into the town doctor on the train and learned that a neighbor's child has contracted scarlet fever. He tells Marius to go away because that the baby now belongs to Panisse. She wants to go away with him and the baby, but just as they are talking, Panisse comes home because he was worried about the baby. Soon Cesar arrives also and tells Marius to go, but he refuses to leave without Madelon and the baby. Though Panisse sadly says that Madelon can have her freedom, he adds that he cannot give the baby up. When Panisse goes to check on the baby, Madelon and Cesar make Marius realize that the baby belongs as much to Panisse as Marius or Madelon. When Panisse returns, Marius shakes his hand and goes away, after which Panisse and Madelon happily look at their baby's first tooth.

Paragraph 2: In the port of Marseilles, France, Honore Panisse, a well-to-do sailmaker in his fifties, is enamored of the lovely Madelon, the daughter of a widowed fishmonger. For many years Panisse has played cards with Bruneau, Captain Escartefigue and tavern-owner Cesar, the father of Marius, the boy with whom Madelon is in love. Though Cesar and Marius are great friends, they argue constantly, especially over Panisse's infatuation with Madelon, whom Cesar considers one of the family. One day, Marius sends Madelon a note saying that he is going to sea for three years, but cannot say goodbye in person because it would break his heart. Madelon rushes to the docks and faints as his ship sails away. Because Panisse has just arrived, he tries to carry her home, but Cesar insists on taking her himself, not realizing that Marius has gone. Panisse tries to tell him why she fainted, but cannot, and listens fretfully as Cesar tells him that the two young people will soon be married. When he tells Madelon's mother Honorine this, Madelon, now revived, tells them that Marius has gone. Despite her love, she did not stop him because she knew how much he loved the sea. One month later, As Cesar pretends not to care that Marius has not written, the postman arrives with a letter from the boy. When Madelon arrives he reads the letter aloud, saddening Madelon, who is barely mentioned. Soon Panisse goes to Honorine to ask once again for the hand of Madelon. At the same time, Madelon finds out that she is pregnant and prays that she will have the strength to tell her mother. Madelon later goes to Panisse and tells him why she cannot marry him, but he is overjoyed with the news of her pregnancy because he has always wanted a son and his late wife was never able to bear a child. Because Panisse is so kind, Madelon agrees to marry him for the sake of the little one, and when Cesar arrives, quells his anger by telling him the truth. Cesar finally relents in his anger at Panissse for "stealing" his grandchild when Panisse says that he will make Cesar the godfather. They agree to call the boy Cesar Marius Panisse. After the baby is born, he is the apple of Panisse's eye, and Madelon gains the gratitude of Panisse's aged relatives, as well as the continued devotion of Panisse. One year later, just after Panisse has reluctantly boarded the train to go to Paris on business, Marius unexpectedly shows up at his father's house, returned to France to obtain some equipment for his ship. During the night, Marius goes to see Madelon, knowing that she has married Panisse, and Madelon lies to him, saying that Panisse is asleep. Marius confesses how much he has missed her, but she tells him it's too late. When the baby cries, she goes to him and Marius realizes that the child is his. When she tearfully confesses that Panisse is actually in Paris, Marius asks her to come away with him, but she tells him to go away. Just then Cesar comes back. He has returned home because he ran into the town doctor on the train and learned that a neighbor's child has contracted scarlet fever. He tells Marius to go away because that the baby now belongs to Panisse. She wants to go away with him and the baby, but just as they are talking, Panisse comes home because he was worried about the baby. Soon Cesar arrives also and tells Marius to go, but he refuses to leave without Madelon and the baby. Though Panisse sadly says that Madelon can have her freedom, he adds that he cannot give the baby up. When Panisse goes to check on the baby, Madelon and Cesar make Marius realize that the baby belongs as much to Panisse as Marius or Madelon. When Panisse returns, Marius shakes his hand and goes away, after which Panisse and Madelon happily look at their baby's first tooth.

Paragraph 3: Patrick "Rudeboy" Tilon (born 1964, Suriname) (also Rudeboy Remington, Silver Surfering Rudeboy, Microphone Nazi, Sir Antagonist) is a Dutch musician, best known as the singer of the crossover band Urban Dance Squad, which he led from 1986 to 2000, and the first two albums of Dutch electronic musician Junkie XL (1997-2000). <p>After Urban Dance Squad disbanded in 2000, he left Junkie XL and made a few records with short-lived bands and projects: The League Of XO Gentlemen (Smiling At The Claptrap Circuses, 2003) and Club Of High Eyebrows (Older Now, 2007). Tilon also worked in the catering industry during this period. Since 2011 he is singing under a new moniker, The Arguido, with the Amsterdam surf band The Phantom Four, which released the album Sounds From the Obscure in 2012.<p>

Paragraph 4: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 5: Marketing and releaseMass Effect was officially announced at the X05 trade show in Amsterdam on October 4, 2005, as an Xbox 360 exclusive. In May 2006, a demo of the game was presented at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) and subsequently won Best Role Playing Game at the Game Critics Awards. IGN editors awarded the game for Best Graphics Technology and Most Innovative Design at their Best of E3 2006 Awards. They also listed it as one of the most anticipated games of 2007. New features of the game were detailed at the X06 trade show in Barcelona in September 2006, while the first hour of gameplay was shown at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco in March 2007. Mass Effect was then presented at E3 in July 2007, where it received Game Critics Awards for Best Console Game and Best Role Playing Game, and at the Games Convention in Leipzig, Germany in August 2007. The game's release date was announced on August 30, 2007. If the game was pre-ordered at certain retailers in Australia, players could receive a complimentary bonus disc which included a five-minute behind-the-scenes documentary, tracks from the game's soundtrack, and a number of trailers.Mass Effect was released for the Xbox 360 on November 20, 2007, in North America. However, the street date was broken in Australia on November 16, 2007, by EB Games, which received copies of the game early and took it as a sign to begin distributing. The game was released in both Standard and Limited Collector's Edition format. The Limited Collector's Edition included a bonus disc of exclusive Mass Effect background material, a soundtrack, and design galleries featuring more than 600 pieces of artwork with full audio commentaries. A soundtrack album titled Mass Effect Original Soundtrack, which features 37 tracks of the game and covers a duration of 1:15:59, was released in conjunction with the game. The album includes the song "M4 (Part II)" by Canadian electronic rock band Faunts, which is featured in the game during the end credits.

Paragraph 6: Alfred Teves managed to maintain a more distanced relationship in respect of the Hitler government than many of his fellow-industry bosses. He may have had family connections to the United States. For historical reasons, the proportion of Frankfurt citizens likely to be identified by the authorities as Jewish was greater than in most other German cities. Teves did what he could, without fanfare, to provide support for his Jewish workers, and was also quietly sympathetic to those at risk of politically driven persecution. When workers in the Frankfurt region lost their job because of their links to the (since 1933 outlawed) Social Democratic Party, they were often able to find work in one of the Teves factories, where management would avoid noticing the formation of anti-government resistance cells. Inevitably the security services became aware of what was being done, but the extent of their knowledge is unclear. It may have been a reflection of the importance of his Frankfurt factories to the war effort that for some time Teves seems never to have been troubled by any unwelcome attentions the authorities beyond intensified surveillance. Inside the company's principal Frankfurt plant there was an unwritten rule that workers should not greet one another with the Hitler greeting, use of which had become routine outside the factory gates. It seems to have been accepted that the greeting should be avoided because it would have made many employees in the factory uncomfortable. Even employees who were party members generally respected the need to avoid using the greeting in the factory, albeit not without complaint. During 1942 the government's racist strategy became more systematic. The scale and brutality of the antisemitism greatly intensified. A recent study by Paul Erker of Munich University reports a hitherto little known episode: Alfred Teves was warned that he must fire his Jewish employees or he would not be permitted to display the banners of the government mandated German Labour Front in his factory. Teves is reported to have exploded: "You can hang your rags wherever you want. I will not do it." In 1940 Alfred Teves was forced by the government to surrender control of his business to his younger son, Ernst. In 1942 the business lost its legal status as a limited liability company (GmbH), becoming instead a "Limited Partnership" ("Kommanditgesellschaft"/ KG). The four partners were Alfred Teves, his second wife Maria (with a sixth share each) and his two surviving sons (a third each).

Paragraph 7: A study on common garden snails was performed and showed how natural selection on an interactor works. This species is highly suitable for evolutionary research due to their easily to score phenotype and their very straightforward genotype causing the phenotypic variation. Phenotypic variation among common garden snails can be found in their shell colour and banding and both colouring and banding is regulated by one single gene. The snail shells have variations in colours namely brown, pink and yellow; with brown being more dominant than pink and yellow. Furthermore, banding variation can be described as unbanded and banded, with banded individuals differing from another by the number of bands. One of the conclusions that could be drawn out of this research is that in grasslands, yellow individuals had a higher survival rate and were more abundant in these grasslands. This means that natural selection acted on the shell colour, which means that shell colour is the interactor in this example. Furthermore, they found that the brown individuals were more abundant and had a higher survival rate in woodlands than the yellow individuals. Moreover, a specific form of natural selection called thermal selection showed that shell colour worked in the interaction with the environment by yellow shells being more abundant, so more adjusted to reflect heat, in warmer places.

Paragraph 8: During the filming of The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog, Hitchcock later said his cameo came about at the last minute. The actor who was supposed to play the bit part of a telephone operator failed to show up, so Hitchcock filled in for him. This playful gesture became one of Hitchcock's trademark signatures, with fans making a sport of trying to spot his cameos. As a recurring theme, he would carry a musical instrument– especially memorable was the double bass case that he wrestles onto the train at the beginning of Strangers on a Train. In his earliest appearances, he filled in as an obscure extra in crowds or walking through scenes in long camera shots. His later appearances became more prominent, such as when he turns to see Jane Wyman's disguise as she passes him in Stage Fright, and in stark silhouette in his final film Family Plot.

Paragraph 9: During World War I, Cates served with the 6th Marine Regiment, fighting in France. For his heroism in the Aisne defensive at Boursches and Belleau Wood, he was awarded the Navy Cross, the Distinguished Service Cross with oak leaf cluster—one of only nine Marines to receive two in World War I—in addition to the Purple Heart. He was awarded a Silver Star for his gallantry at Soissons. Cates was also recognized by the French government with the Legion of Honor, one of the greatest compliments that could be paid any officer, and the Croix de Guerre with Gilt Star and two palms. At Belleau Wood, June 6, 1918, Cates' company was ordered to attack the village of [Bouresches] The company commander was soon mortally wounded, leaving Cates in charge despite his not knowing the attack's intent or objective. Cates organized the available men of his company as well as some other Marines in the vicinity and carried out a successful attack, and subsequent defense of the village. The Germans responded with mustard gas nearly wiping out the entire company. Cates was reassigned to the 80th Company until replacements could reconstitute his 79th. On July 19, 1918, at the Battle of Soissons, most of Cates' company along with the 2nd Battalion was annihilated. The enemy artillery was so intense that Cates lost most of his britches in an explosion that nearly cost him his life. After capturing an old abandoned French trench, he sent a runner to his battalion headquarters with a situation report which read: "From Co. "H" At:? Date: July 19. Hour 10:45A.M. To: Lt. Col Lee. "I am in an old abandoned French trench bordering on the road leading out of your P.C. and 350 yards from an old mill. I have only two men out of my company. We need support, but it is almost suicide to try and get it here as we are swept by machine-gun fire and a constant barrage is on us. I have no one on my left and only a few on my right. I WILL HOLD." "I will hold" became the phrase most identified with Cates as he advanced through the ranks, and is recognized throughout the Marine Corps as a battle cry or slogan intended to improve morale and inspire confidence.

Paragraph 10: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 11: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 12: Johnny who poses as Andy met June (Cindy Miranda), an engineer who is pissed off at Johnny after he took her luggage away at the airport. The news of Johnny's return reach Russel Flores (Eddie Garcia) who is planning to build a hotel and casino at the hacienda. Russel is planning to poison the lake so that it may cause sickness and death to plants and animals. With the help of his lawyer Atty. Saguit and Russell's personal secretary Selina, they offered Johnny 100 million pesos to sell the hacienda which Andy who poses as Johnny agreed. As time goes by, Andy who poses as Johnny is getting closer with Sam, while Dondon is also getting closer with Isabel. While the real Johnny would talk to the veterinarian and plant pathologist. After which, he would have sex with them. When Andy, who poses as Johnny met with Chairman Flores for him to sign the papers, Johnny who poses as Andy poured coffee on purpose, in order to stop Andy to sell the hacienda. While Dondon, Isabel and June discovered that someone is pouring poison in the irrigation system. Johnny also discovered that his father didn't die in an accident. Don Roberto was ambushed and their vehicle fell on a ravine. Only Sam survived the accident, but it caused her to be blind. In another attempt, Atty. Saguit visited Andy who poses Johnny for him to sign the papers. But Johnny who poses as Andy took the deed of sale and burn it in a barbecue grill. There Russell calls for drastic measures. They use Selina to convince Johnny to sell the hacienda. Dondon and Isabel pushed through with their one night stand, Johnny celebrated his birthday with June and had a drinking spree. Selina came to Andy who poses as Johnny and ask if she would stay for a night. However, it was a plan of Atty. Saguit, there she put a lapel microphone with a recorder for her to record their conversation. Selina confessed that she likes Andy who poses as Johnny but he confessed that he loves Sam. However, Selina knew about Andy's true identity and Atty. Saguit's plan failed. Selina returned to Andy and gave to him a voice recorder, there they knew that Russell is the mastermind in the murder of Don Roberto. June and Johnny decided to talk to the mayor and tell about Russell's plans. While Andy and Dondon along with Selina sought the help of Atty. Agcaoili. Selina also revealed that after Andy signed the deed of sale, he will be gunned down by a sniper. There, Atty. Agcaoili sought the help from the governor.

Paragraph 13: After writing and rehearsing new material throughout 1997, the Toadies began recording a new album in Austin, Texas with Butthole Surfers guitarist Paul Leary as producer in January 1998. The album, which would later be known as Feeler, resulted in the band recording 14 songs. Feeler was a stylistic departure for the band, and their attempt to make was "a more mature record". However, Interscope was dissatisfied with the material coming out of the album's recording sessions and rejected the album several times, forcing the band to tweak their songs. The album's recording was finished in April 1998, and was given a tentative release date of late summer 1998. Unfortunately, as Feeler's sessions had taken longer than expected due to the constant tweaking, the band had missed their scheduled time to have the album mixed by Andy Wallace. Subsequently, while waiting for someone to mix the album, the band wrote and/or included five more songs for consideration on the album, and its release date was moved back to around early 1999. As no one else ended up taking on the role of mixing the album, the Toadies handed the label an unmixed and unmastered version of the album. Upon receiving the final album, Interscope withheld Feeler from release, unhappy with the album's perceived change in sound. After the album's rejection, the band, who now faced writers' block and were generally unhappy with the album's "mechanical" production, decided to scrap Feeler completely.

Paragraph 14: In 2007, Worth signed a two book deal with Penguin Group (USA), to produce two more books taking place during the War of the Roses, both published in 2008 as Lady of the Roses and The King’s Daughter, a novel on the life of Elizabeth of York, mother of Henry VIII. In 2009, each of these novels garnered several Reviewers' Choice awards, including the Romantic Times Magazine's Award for Best Historical Biography of the Year; Philippa Gregory was one of the four nominees. Also in 2009, Worth entered into another book deal with the Penguin Group for Pale Rose of England, a novel on the life of Perkin Warbeck, the Pretender to the throne of England and his wife, Princess Catherine Gordon of Scotland.

Paragraph 15: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 16: The story of the film is based on a very ordinary family of Bengal. In one family there are two brothers, Anis (Shawkat Akbar) and Farooq (Razzak), the elder sister Raushan Jamil and the sister's husband Khan Ataur Rahman. Elder sister Raushan Jamil is married. She lives in her father's house. Her husband is very innocent. All the power in the world is in the hands of Raushan Jamil. By abusing this power, she continues to have some kind of dictatorship over her husband and her two brothers. She walks around with a bunch of keys in the area. The housemaid walks around with a drinking bowl behind her. Everyone is restless in her dreadful glory. The character of the then Pakistani dictator has been portrayed in this metaphor. Raushan Jamil's husband Khan Ataur Rahman works as a court employee. Khan Ataur Rahman arranged the marriage of his brother-in-law Shawkat Akbar on the advice of one of his friends. The bride is a quiet, polite girl named Sathi (Rosie Samad). But Raushan Jamil sat completely bent. She is reluctant to marry her brother. He was afraid that the key of the world would not fall and his hand slipped into the hands of his new wife. As a result, Khan Ataur Rahman married his brother without informing Raushan Jamil. Raushan Jamil's sword of oppression came down on her when she became his wife. On the other hand, Farooq alias Razzak fell in love with his younger sister Bithi (Suchanda). If brother-in-law and elder brother give permission, he can also marry Bithi. Sathy and Bithi's elder brother Anwar Hossain. Anwar Hossain is an activist of a political movement. He was imprisoned in the freedom movement. On the other hand, under the leadership of Sathy and Suchanda, everyone in the house became united. Posters are hung on the walls inside their houses. Raushan Jamil's bunch of keys went to the two sisters. The drinking bowl keeps turning behind them. Raushan Jamil lost his power and became crazy and began to make new conspiracies. In the meanwhile, when Sathy and Bithi became pregnant, they were admitted to the hospital. Unfortunately the partner gave birth to a stillborn child. The doctor fears that this grief may not be tolerated by the partner. So Bithi's child was placed in her lap. Thinking it was his own child, the companion began to nurture him. Raushan Jamil conspired and started a dispute between the two sisters. Tactically, he poisoned Bithi and put the blame on her partner. Although Bithi recovered, her partner was arrested on the charge of poisoning. When the case came up in the court, Shawkat Akbar fought the case against his wife, and Khan Ataur Rahman became the lawyer for her partner. Khan Ataur Rahman proved in court that his own wife Raushan Jamil was the main culprit. This is how the story of the film ends.

Paragraph 17: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 18: The story of the film is based on a very ordinary family of Bengal. In one family there are two brothers, Anis (Shawkat Akbar) and Farooq (Razzak), the elder sister Raushan Jamil and the sister's husband Khan Ataur Rahman. Elder sister Raushan Jamil is married. She lives in her father's house. Her husband is very innocent. All the power in the world is in the hands of Raushan Jamil. By abusing this power, she continues to have some kind of dictatorship over her husband and her two brothers. She walks around with a bunch of keys in the area. The housemaid walks around with a drinking bowl behind her. Everyone is restless in her dreadful glory. The character of the then Pakistani dictator has been portrayed in this metaphor. Raushan Jamil's husband Khan Ataur Rahman works as a court employee. Khan Ataur Rahman arranged the marriage of his brother-in-law Shawkat Akbar on the advice of one of his friends. The bride is a quiet, polite girl named Sathi (Rosie Samad). But Raushan Jamil sat completely bent. She is reluctant to marry her brother. He was afraid that the key of the world would not fall and his hand slipped into the hands of his new wife. As a result, Khan Ataur Rahman married his brother without informing Raushan Jamil. Raushan Jamil's sword of oppression came down on her when she became his wife. On the other hand, Farooq alias Razzak fell in love with his younger sister Bithi (Suchanda). If brother-in-law and elder brother give permission, he can also marry Bithi. Sathy and Bithi's elder brother Anwar Hossain. Anwar Hossain is an activist of a political movement. He was imprisoned in the freedom movement. On the other hand, under the leadership of Sathy and Suchanda, everyone in the house became united. Posters are hung on the walls inside their houses. Raushan Jamil's bunch of keys went to the two sisters. The drinking bowl keeps turning behind them. Raushan Jamil lost his power and became crazy and began to make new conspiracies. In the meanwhile, when Sathy and Bithi became pregnant, they were admitted to the hospital. Unfortunately the partner gave birth to a stillborn child. The doctor fears that this grief may not be tolerated by the partner. So Bithi's child was placed in her lap. Thinking it was his own child, the companion began to nurture him. Raushan Jamil conspired and started a dispute between the two sisters. Tactically, he poisoned Bithi and put the blame on her partner. Although Bithi recovered, her partner was arrested on the charge of poisoning. When the case came up in the court, Shawkat Akbar fought the case against his wife, and Khan Ataur Rahman became the lawyer for her partner. Khan Ataur Rahman proved in court that his own wife Raushan Jamil was the main culprit. This is how the story of the film ends.

Paragraph 19: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 20: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 21: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 22: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 23: On the first lap of the race, a multi-car crash occurred in turn 1. It started when the 4th place start car in Scott Riggs when his car did not get up to speed going into turn 1. Riggs went up the track to move out of the way but Greg Biffle all of a sudden got hit from behind by John Andretti collecting Kurt Busch, Jeff Gordon, Tony Raines, and Ken Schrader. Pole sitter Ryan Newman led the first lap of the race. The race got back going on lap 8 but the caution would be immeadeatly be thrown again when Jeff Fuller blew a tire and hit the wall in turn 1. The race got back going on lap 13 with Newman still leading and got some green flag laps. On lap 23, the third caution flew when Brian Vickers crashed hard on the front stretch after contact with Robby Gordon. The race would be red flagged for a short period of time to repair the outside SAFER barrier on the front stretch. During the caution, Dave Blaney was taken out of the #99 and Carl Edwards jumped in. After the red flag was lifted, Elliott Sadler won the race off of pit road and led the field to the restart on lap 31. On lap 42, Kasey Kahne took the lead on Sadler. On lap 76, the fourth caution flew when Jeff Gordon spun off of turn 4 and got hit again by Rusty Wallace. Kahne won the race off of pit road and lead the field to the restart on lap 81. The fifth caution would fly on lap 120 for debris. Kahne won the race off of pit road and lead on the restart on lap 125. Kahne would be passed by Dale Earnhardt Jr. for the lead. On lap 130, Kahne took the lead back. On lap 172, the 6th caution flew when Matt Kenseth blew a tire and hit the wall. Kahne won the race off of pit road and lead the field to green on lap 177. Dale Earnhardt Jr. took the lead from Kahne on the restart, On lap 180, Jimmie Johnson took the lead from Jr. On lap 187, Kasey Kahne took the lead back. On lap 210, the 7th caution flew for debris. Kahne lead the field on lap 215 for the restart. On the next lap, Mark Martin took the lead. Kahne took it back on lap 220. On lap 223, the 8th caution flew when Kevin Harvick's engine blew and laid fluid. It also caused other drivers to spin like Matt Kenseth, Jeremy Mayfield, and Carl Edwards where Edwards crashed out. Race restarted on lap 232 with Kasey Kahne leading.

Paragraph 24: After defeating Dracula, Donald receives a more complete map. In India, Donald enters the palace of the Maharajah, where she challenges him to defeat the tiger (known as Shere Khan) in her garden in exchange for a Sphinx Tear. Donald succeeds and receives the Sphinx Tear, which is the key to opening a temple in Egypt. Donald is able to solve the "Riddle of the Sphinx" using the note Goofy had given him and obtains the Scepter of Ra before escaping in a minecart. From there, he journeys to the South Pole, where he finds a key frozen in ice, and uses the Scepter of Ra to melt the ice and grab the key. The key unlocks the hold of a Viking ship, which contains an ancient diary with the secret to locating the treasure. The ship is haunted by ghosts, and the Viking captain sends Donald below decks to get rid of them. After defeating a skeletal Viking warrior, Donald returns to the deck, where the captain informs him that the diary is hidden in ice near the South Pole, and gives him an "ancient Viking plunger" that attaches to flying creatures. Donald then returns to the South Pole, hitching a ride on one of Pete's bird minions to reach the diary.

Paragraph 25: In 2007, Worth signed a two book deal with Penguin Group (USA), to produce two more books taking place during the War of the Roses, both published in 2008 as Lady of the Roses and The King’s Daughter, a novel on the life of Elizabeth of York, mother of Henry VIII. In 2009, each of these novels garnered several Reviewers' Choice awards, including the Romantic Times Magazine's Award for Best Historical Biography of the Year; Philippa Gregory was one of the four nominees. Also in 2009, Worth entered into another book deal with the Penguin Group for Pale Rose of England, a novel on the life of Perkin Warbeck, the Pretender to the throne of England and his wife, Princess Catherine Gordon of Scotland.

Paragraph 26: Drowned in Sound's Andy Frankowski commended the band for retaining the Drive-In sound while offering a more controlled melodic approach to it, concluding that "[T]hey show a different sign of maturing; it's a kind of growing older without really aging. They have the same talent they had before but it's the way they deliver it that will have eyes being opened and ears to the ground." Jason Jackowiak of Splendid commented about the record, "With Wiretap Scars, Sparta have not only made great strides in the progression of their art form; they've also acknowledged the artists who inspired them. That said, the question remains: will Sparta gain recognition on the basis of their own merits, or are they forever to be judged against the accomplishments of their previous employers? Only time will tell." Sputnikmusic emeritus Damrod praised the band's musicality for its use of instruments and electronic beats to craft quiet yet rough tracks that flow well throughout the record, concluding that "This is a great album by a great band. Definitely one of the better Indie/Post-Hardcore bands out there. The production is good, the overall feel of the album as well. If you liked ATD-I, I guess you will have kind of easy access to this one, though it is much more mellow than most stuff by ATD-I." Noel Murray of The A.V. Club said that, "Dialing down At The Drive-In's ferociousness and concentrating more on its exploration of dynamic, textured volume, Sparta has made a smartly produced, superficially exciting record full of deafening electric hum, full-throated shouts, and quiet, intricately picked guitar breaks."

Paragraph 27: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 28: Patrick "Rudeboy" Tilon (born 1964, Suriname) (also Rudeboy Remington, Silver Surfering Rudeboy, Microphone Nazi, Sir Antagonist) is a Dutch musician, best known as the singer of the crossover band Urban Dance Squad, which he led from 1986 to 2000, and the first two albums of Dutch electronic musician Junkie XL (1997-2000). <p>After Urban Dance Squad disbanded in 2000, he left Junkie XL and made a few records with short-lived bands and projects: The League Of XO Gentlemen (Smiling At The Claptrap Circuses, 2003) and Club Of High Eyebrows (Older Now, 2007). Tilon also worked in the catering industry during this period. Since 2011 he is singing under a new moniker, The Arguido, with the Amsterdam surf band The Phantom Four, which released the album Sounds From the Obscure in 2012.<p>

Paragraph 29: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 30: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 31: Marketing and releaseMass Effect was officially announced at the X05 trade show in Amsterdam on October 4, 2005, as an Xbox 360 exclusive. In May 2006, a demo of the game was presented at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) and subsequently won Best Role Playing Game at the Game Critics Awards. IGN editors awarded the game for Best Graphics Technology and Most Innovative Design at their Best of E3 2006 Awards. They also listed it as one of the most anticipated games of 2007. New features of the game were detailed at the X06 trade show in Barcelona in September 2006, while the first hour of gameplay was shown at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco in March 2007. Mass Effect was then presented at E3 in July 2007, where it received Game Critics Awards for Best Console Game and Best Role Playing Game, and at the Games Convention in Leipzig, Germany in August 2007. The game's release date was announced on August 30, 2007. If the game was pre-ordered at certain retailers in Australia, players could receive a complimentary bonus disc which included a five-minute behind-the-scenes documentary, tracks from the game's soundtrack, and a number of trailers.Mass Effect was released for the Xbox 360 on November 20, 2007, in North America. However, the street date was broken in Australia on November 16, 2007, by EB Games, which received copies of the game early and took it as a sign to begin distributing. The game was released in both Standard and Limited Collector's Edition format. The Limited Collector's Edition included a bonus disc of exclusive Mass Effect background material, a soundtrack, and design galleries featuring more than 600 pieces of artwork with full audio commentaries. A soundtrack album titled Mass Effect Original Soundtrack, which features 37 tracks of the game and covers a duration of 1:15:59, was released in conjunction with the game. The album includes the song "M4 (Part II)" by Canadian electronic rock band Faunts, which is featured in the game during the end credits.

Paragraph 32: Due to its strategic location, currencies from several countries began circulating in Puerto Rico and used as trade. The government often ordered the collection of these coins in exchange for exchange notes. The first of these took place in 1857, when a royal decree ordered the gathering of macuquina coins. These arrived to Puerto Rico in 1813, originally produced by Spain in Venezuela. Due to Spanish manufacture, the exchange notes issued for the macuquina featured a 12.5% discount, which left a significant deficit in the government's budget. A decade later, coins were brought from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico. Consequently, the distribution of foreign coins received authorization. In 1879, the circulation of Mexican silver was approved in government and official entities, eventually allowing public distribution in 1881. However, some saw an opportunity for profit in this and bought Mexican pesos outside of Puerto Rico before importing them, in the process gaining a profit of up to 40 centavos per peso. In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur-de-lis for circulation on Puerto Rico. Spanish 2, 4 and 8 reales, and 5 and 10 centimos, United States' 20 cents, quarters, halves and dollars were all countermarked and used until they were redeemed in 1894. By 1895, the coins circulating in Puerto Rico were mostly Mexican silver, creating a shortage of currency. To resolve this, Spain issued a Royal Decree stating that the Mexican coins were to be replaced by ones minted in Madrid, with special coins created exclusively for Puerto Rico. To execute this move, exchange notes in one-peso denomination were created. Once the exchange concluded in 1896, the provincial coin was already in circulation. Silver 20 centavos and 1 peso coins were introduced in 1895, followed in 1896 by silver 5, 10 and 40 centavos. The 1 peso coins bore the denomination as "1 PESO = 5 P.TAS". These exchanges heavily affected the government's economy. Some years later, Ceredo Millán a commercial firm in San Juan obtained some of the now-obsolete Exchange Notes, which were converted into souvenirs and offered as gifts to their clients.

Paragraph 33: Born to Jewish parents in New York City, he was named after his paternal grandfather, the German-American anarchist newspaper editor and orator Johann Most.  Johnny Most was one of the many successful graduates of DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx.  After distinguished Air Force service in World War II (see below), he began his basketball broadcasting career in the late 1940s as a protégé of New York Knickerbockers announcer (and 1936 Olympics track star) Marty Glickman. He was hired in 1953 by Boston Celtics owner Walter Brown and coach Red Auerbach to replace Curt Gowdy as the team's radio play-by-play man on the Celtics radio network.  He also served as sports director for WCOP radio in Boston at that time.

Paragraph 34: In 2007, Worth signed a two book deal with Penguin Group (USA), to produce two more books taking place during the War of the Roses, both published in 2008 as Lady of the Roses and The King’s Daughter, a novel on the life of Elizabeth of York, mother of Henry VIII. In 2009, each of these novels garnered several Reviewers' Choice awards, including the Romantic Times Magazine's Award for Best Historical Biography of the Year; Philippa Gregory was one of the four nominees. Also in 2009, Worth entered into another book deal with the Penguin Group for Pale Rose of England, a novel on the life of Perkin Warbeck, the Pretender to the throne of England and his wife, Princess Catherine Gordon of Scotland.

Paragraph 35: In 2007, Worth signed a two book deal with Penguin Group (USA), to produce two more books taking place during the War of the Roses, both published in 2008 as Lady of the Roses and The King’s Daughter, a novel on the life of Elizabeth of York, mother of Henry VIII. In 2009, each of these novels garnered several Reviewers' Choice awards, including the Romantic Times Magazine's Award for Best Historical Biography of the Year; Philippa Gregory was one of the four nominees. Also in 2009, Worth entered into another book deal with the Penguin Group for Pale Rose of England, a novel on the life of Perkin Warbeck, the Pretender to the throne of England and his wife, Princess Catherine Gordon of Scotland.

Paragraph 36: Patrick "Rudeboy" Tilon (born 1964, Suriname) (also Rudeboy Remington, Silver Surfering Rudeboy, Microphone Nazi, Sir Antagonist) is a Dutch musician, best known as the singer of the crossover band Urban Dance Squad, which he led from 1986 to 2000, and the first two albums of Dutch electronic musician Junkie XL (1997-2000). <p>After Urban Dance Squad disbanded in 2000, he left Junkie XL and made a few records with short-lived bands and projects: The League Of XO Gentlemen (Smiling At The Claptrap Circuses, 2003) and Club Of High Eyebrows (Older Now, 2007). Tilon also worked in the catering industry during this period. Since 2011 he is singing under a new moniker, The Arguido, with the Amsterdam surf band The Phantom Four, which released the album Sounds From the Obscure in 2012.<p>

Paragraph 37: After writing and rehearsing new material throughout 1997, the Toadies began recording a new album in Austin, Texas with Butthole Surfers guitarist Paul Leary as producer in January 1998. The album, which would later be known as Feeler, resulted in the band recording 14 songs. Feeler was a stylistic departure for the band, and their attempt to make was "a more mature record". However, Interscope was dissatisfied with the material coming out of the album's recording sessions and rejected the album several times, forcing the band to tweak their songs. The album's recording was finished in April 1998, and was given a tentative release date of late summer 1998. Unfortunately, as Feeler's sessions had taken longer than expected due to the constant tweaking, the band had missed their scheduled time to have the album mixed by Andy Wallace. Subsequently, while waiting for someone to mix the album, the band wrote and/or included five more songs for consideration on the album, and its release date was moved back to around early 1999. As no one else ended up taking on the role of mixing the album, the Toadies handed the label an unmixed and unmastered version of the album. Upon receiving the final album, Interscope withheld Feeler from release, unhappy with the album's perceived change in sound. After the album's rejection, the band, who now faced writers' block and were generally unhappy with the album's "mechanical" production, decided to scrap Feeler completely.

Paragraph 38: During World War I, Cates served with the 6th Marine Regiment, fighting in France. For his heroism in the Aisne defensive at Boursches and Belleau Wood, he was awarded the Navy Cross, the Distinguished Service Cross with oak leaf cluster—one of only nine Marines to receive two in World War I—in addition to the Purple Heart. He was awarded a Silver Star for his gallantry at Soissons. Cates was also recognized by the French government with the Legion of Honor, one of the greatest compliments that could be paid any officer, and the Croix de Guerre with Gilt Star and two palms. At Belleau Wood, June 6, 1918, Cates' company was ordered to attack the village of [Bouresches] The company commander was soon mortally wounded, leaving Cates in charge despite his not knowing the attack's intent or objective. Cates organized the available men of his company as well as some other Marines in the vicinity and carried out a successful attack, and subsequent defense of the village. The Germans responded with mustard gas nearly wiping out the entire company. Cates was reassigned to the 80th Company until replacements could reconstitute his 79th. On July 19, 1918, at the Battle of Soissons, most of Cates' company along with the 2nd Battalion was annihilated. The enemy artillery was so intense that Cates lost most of his britches in an explosion that nearly cost him his life. After capturing an old abandoned French trench, he sent a runner to his battalion headquarters with a situation report which read: "From Co. "H" At:? Date: July 19. Hour 10:45A.M. To: Lt. Col Lee. "I am in an old abandoned French trench bordering on the road leading out of your P.C. and 350 yards from an old mill. I have only two men out of my company. We need support, but it is almost suicide to try and get it here as we are swept by machine-gun fire and a constant barrage is on us. I have no one on my left and only a few on my right. I WILL HOLD." "I will hold" became the phrase most identified with Cates as he advanced through the ranks, and is recognized throughout the Marine Corps as a battle cry or slogan intended to improve morale and inspire confidence.

Paragraph 39: Kenneth Malcolm Owen (born 23 April 1970) is an English drummer. He was born in Billinge and grew up in Gayton, Merseyside. He is best known as one of the founding members of extreme metal band Carcass, for which he also handled some of the vocals. After the band broke up in 1995, he started Blackstar, along with two other Carcass members. In February 1999, he suffered a brain haemorrhage at home and spent ten months in a hospital slowly emerging from a coma, making it impossible at the time for him to continue playing drums. More recently, he has started playing drums again, but mostly makes music using the computer software program Reason.

Paragraph 40: Marketing and releaseMass Effect was officially announced at the X05 trade show in Amsterdam on October 4, 2005, as an Xbox 360 exclusive. In May 2006, a demo of the game was presented at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) and subsequently won Best Role Playing Game at the Game Critics Awards. IGN editors awarded the game for Best Graphics Technology and Most Innovative Design at their Best of E3 2006 Awards. They also listed it as one of the most anticipated games of 2007. New features of the game were detailed at the X06 trade show in Barcelona in September 2006, while the first hour of gameplay was shown at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco in March 2007. Mass Effect was then presented at E3 in July 2007, where it received Game Critics Awards for Best Console Game and Best Role Playing Game, and at the Games Convention in Leipzig, Germany in August 2007. The game's release date was announced on August 30, 2007. If the game was pre-ordered at certain retailers in Australia, players could receive a complimentary bonus disc which included a five-minute behind-the-scenes documentary, tracks from the game's soundtrack, and a number of trailers.Mass Effect was released for the Xbox 360 on November 20, 2007, in North America. However, the street date was broken in Australia on November 16, 2007, by EB Games, which received copies of the game early and took it as a sign to begin distributing. The game was released in both Standard and Limited Collector's Edition format. The Limited Collector's Edition included a bonus disc of exclusive Mass Effect background material, a soundtrack, and design galleries featuring more than 600 pieces of artwork with full audio commentaries. A soundtrack album titled Mass Effect Original Soundtrack, which features 37 tracks of the game and covers a duration of 1:15:59, was released in conjunction with the game. The album includes the song "M4 (Part II)" by Canadian electronic rock band Faunts, which is featured in the game during the end credits.

Paragraph 41: A study on common garden snails was performed and showed how natural selection on an interactor works. This species is highly suitable for evolutionary research due to their easily to score phenotype and their very straightforward genotype causing the phenotypic variation. Phenotypic variation among common garden snails can be found in their shell colour and banding and both colouring and banding is regulated by one single gene. The snail shells have variations in colours namely brown, pink and yellow; with brown being more dominant than pink and yellow. Furthermore, banding variation can be described as unbanded and banded, with banded individuals differing from another by the number of bands. One of the conclusions that could be drawn out of this research is that in grasslands, yellow individuals had a higher survival rate and were more abundant in these grasslands. This means that natural selection acted on the shell colour, which means that shell colour is the interactor in this example. Furthermore, they found that the brown individuals were more abundant and had a higher survival rate in woodlands than the yellow individuals. Moreover, a specific form of natural selection called thermal selection showed that shell colour worked in the interaction with the environment by yellow shells being more abundant, so more adjusted to reflect heat, in warmer places.

Paragraph 42: Due to its strategic location, currencies from several countries began circulating in Puerto Rico and used as trade. The government often ordered the collection of these coins in exchange for exchange notes. The first of these took place in 1857, when a royal decree ordered the gathering of macuquina coins. These arrived to Puerto Rico in 1813, originally produced by Spain in Venezuela. Due to Spanish manufacture, the exchange notes issued for the macuquina featured a 12.5% discount, which left a significant deficit in the government's budget. A decade later, coins were brought from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico. Consequently, the distribution of foreign coins received authorization. In 1879, the circulation of Mexican silver was approved in government and official entities, eventually allowing public distribution in 1881. However, some saw an opportunity for profit in this and bought Mexican pesos outside of Puerto Rico before importing them, in the process gaining a profit of up to 40 centavos per peso. In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur-de-lis for circulation on Puerto Rico. Spanish 2, 4 and 8 reales, and 5 and 10 centimos, United States' 20 cents, quarters, halves and dollars were all countermarked and used until they were redeemed in 1894. By 1895, the coins circulating in Puerto Rico were mostly Mexican silver, creating a shortage of currency. To resolve this, Spain issued a Royal Decree stating that the Mexican coins were to be replaced by ones minted in Madrid, with special coins created exclusively for Puerto Rico. To execute this move, exchange notes in one-peso denomination were created. Once the exchange concluded in 1896, the provincial coin was already in circulation. Silver 20 centavos and 1 peso coins were introduced in 1895, followed in 1896 by silver 5, 10 and 40 centavos. The 1 peso coins bore the denomination as "1 PESO = 5 P.TAS". These exchanges heavily affected the government's economy. Some years later, Ceredo Millán a commercial firm in San Juan obtained some of the now-obsolete Exchange Notes, which were converted into souvenirs and offered as gifts to their clients.

Paragraph 43: Due to its strategic location, currencies from several countries began circulating in Puerto Rico and used as trade. The government often ordered the collection of these coins in exchange for exchange notes. The first of these took place in 1857, when a royal decree ordered the gathering of macuquina coins. These arrived to Puerto Rico in 1813, originally produced by Spain in Venezuela. Due to Spanish manufacture, the exchange notes issued for the macuquina featured a 12.5% discount, which left a significant deficit in the government's budget. A decade later, coins were brought from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico. Consequently, the distribution of foreign coins received authorization. In 1879, the circulation of Mexican silver was approved in government and official entities, eventually allowing public distribution in 1881. However, some saw an opportunity for profit in this and bought Mexican pesos outside of Puerto Rico before importing them, in the process gaining a profit of up to 40 centavos per peso. In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur-de-lis for circulation on Puerto Rico. Spanish 2, 4 and 8 reales, and 5 and 10 centimos, United States' 20 cents, quarters, halves and dollars were all countermarked and used until they were redeemed in 1894. By 1895, the coins circulating in Puerto Rico were mostly Mexican silver, creating a shortage of currency. To resolve this, Spain issued a Royal Decree stating that the Mexican coins were to be replaced by ones minted in Madrid, with special coins created exclusively for Puerto Rico. To execute this move, exchange notes in one-peso denomination were created. Once the exchange concluded in 1896, the provincial coin was already in circulation. Silver 20 centavos and 1 peso coins were introduced in 1895, followed in 1896 by silver 5, 10 and 40 centavos. The 1 peso coins bore the denomination as "1 PESO = 5 P.TAS". These exchanges heavily affected the government's economy. Some years later, Ceredo Millán a commercial firm in San Juan obtained some of the now-obsolete Exchange Notes, which were converted into souvenirs and offered as gifts to their clients.

Paragraph 44: Patrick "Rudeboy" Tilon (born 1964, Suriname) (also Rudeboy Remington, Silver Surfering Rudeboy, Microphone Nazi, Sir Antagonist) is a Dutch musician, best known as the singer of the crossover band Urban Dance Squad, which he led from 1986 to 2000, and the first two albums of Dutch electronic musician Junkie XL (1997-2000). <p>After Urban Dance Squad disbanded in 2000, he left Junkie XL and made a few records with short-lived bands and projects: The League Of XO Gentlemen (Smiling At The Claptrap Circuses, 2003) and Club Of High Eyebrows (Older Now, 2007). Tilon also worked in the catering industry during this period. Since 2011 he is singing under a new moniker, The Arguido, with the Amsterdam surf band The Phantom Four, which released the album Sounds From the Obscure in 2012.<p>

Paragraph 45: Due to its strategic location, currencies from several countries began circulating in Puerto Rico and used as trade. The government often ordered the collection of these coins in exchange for exchange notes. The first of these took place in 1857, when a royal decree ordered the gathering of macuquina coins. These arrived to Puerto Rico in 1813, originally produced by Spain in Venezuela. Due to Spanish manufacture, the exchange notes issued for the macuquina featured a 12.5% discount, which left a significant deficit in the government's budget. A decade later, coins were brought from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico. Consequently, the distribution of foreign coins received authorization. In 1879, the circulation of Mexican silver was approved in government and official entities, eventually allowing public distribution in 1881. However, some saw an opportunity for profit in this and bought Mexican pesos outside of Puerto Rico before importing them, in the process gaining a profit of up to 40 centavos per peso. In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur-de-lis for circulation on Puerto Rico. Spanish 2, 4 and 8 reales, and 5 and 10 centimos, United States' 20 cents, quarters, halves and dollars were all countermarked and used until they were redeemed in 1894. By 1895, the coins circulating in Puerto Rico were mostly Mexican silver, creating a shortage of currency. To resolve this, Spain issued a Royal Decree stating that the Mexican coins were to be replaced by ones minted in Madrid, with special coins created exclusively for Puerto Rico. To execute this move, exchange notes in one-peso denomination were created. Once the exchange concluded in 1896, the provincial coin was already in circulation. Silver 20 centavos and 1 peso coins were introduced in 1895, followed in 1896 by silver 5, 10 and 40 centavos. The 1 peso coins bore the denomination as "1 PESO = 5 P.TAS". These exchanges heavily affected the government's economy. Some years later, Ceredo Millán a commercial firm in San Juan obtained some of the now-obsolete Exchange Notes, which were converted into souvenirs and offered as gifts to their clients.

Paragraph 46: A study on common garden snails was performed and showed how natural selection on an interactor works. This species is highly suitable for evolutionary research due to their easily to score phenotype and their very straightforward genotype causing the phenotypic variation. Phenotypic variation among common garden snails can be found in their shell colour and banding and both colouring and banding is regulated by one single gene. The snail shells have variations in colours namely brown, pink and yellow; with brown being more dominant than pink and yellow. Furthermore, banding variation can be described as unbanded and banded, with banded individuals differing from another by the number of bands. One of the conclusions that could be drawn out of this research is that in grasslands, yellow individuals had a higher survival rate and were more abundant in these grasslands. This means that natural selection acted on the shell colour, which means that shell colour is the interactor in this example. Furthermore, they found that the brown individuals were more abundant and had a higher survival rate in woodlands than the yellow individuals. Moreover, a specific form of natural selection called thermal selection showed that shell colour worked in the interaction with the environment by yellow shells being more abundant, so more adjusted to reflect heat, in warmer places.

Paragraph 47: Drowned in Sound's Andy Frankowski commended the band for retaining the Drive-In sound while offering a more controlled melodic approach to it, concluding that "[T]hey show a different sign of maturing; it's a kind of growing older without really aging. They have the same talent they had before but it's the way they deliver it that will have eyes being opened and ears to the ground." Jason Jackowiak of Splendid commented about the record, "With Wiretap Scars, Sparta have not only made great strides in the progression of their art form; they've also acknowledged the artists who inspired them. That said, the question remains: will Sparta gain recognition on the basis of their own merits, or are they forever to be judged against the accomplishments of their previous employers? Only time will tell." Sputnikmusic emeritus Damrod praised the band's musicality for its use of instruments and electronic beats to craft quiet yet rough tracks that flow well throughout the record, concluding that "This is a great album by a great band. Definitely one of the better Indie/Post-Hardcore bands out there. The production is good, the overall feel of the album as well. If you liked ATD-I, I guess you will have kind of easy access to this one, though it is much more mellow than most stuff by ATD-I." Noel Murray of The A.V. Club said that, "Dialing down At The Drive-In's ferociousness and concentrating more on its exploration of dynamic, textured volume, Sparta has made a smartly produced, superficially exciting record full of deafening electric hum, full-throated shouts, and quiet, intricately picked guitar breaks."

Paragraph 48: A study on common garden snails was performed and showed how natural selection on an interactor works. This species is highly suitable for evolutionary research due to their easily to score phenotype and their very straightforward genotype causing the phenotypic variation. Phenotypic variation among common garden snails can be found in their shell colour and banding and both colouring and banding is regulated by one single gene. The snail shells have variations in colours namely brown, pink and yellow; with brown being more dominant than pink and yellow. Furthermore, banding variation can be described as unbanded and banded, with banded individuals differing from another by the number of bands. One of the conclusions that could be drawn out of this research is that in grasslands, yellow individuals had a higher survival rate and were more abundant in these grasslands. This means that natural selection acted on the shell colour, which means that shell colour is the interactor in this example. Furthermore, they found that the brown individuals were more abundant and had a higher survival rate in woodlands than the yellow individuals. Moreover, a specific form of natural selection called thermal selection showed that shell colour worked in the interaction with the environment by yellow shells being more abundant, so more adjusted to reflect heat, in warmer places.