Paragraph 1: After the battalion moved to France, its first serious fighting was during the Battle of Pozières on the night of 5/6 August, when it was committed to defend ground captured by the Australian 2nd Division. On receiving his orders, Leane immediately reconnoitred the position with his company commanders, during which they were pinned down by a German barrage and two of them were wounded. His brigade commander, Brigadier General Duncan Glasfurd and his superior commanders believed that a strong German counterattack would follow the tremendous barrage then falling on the Australian-held positions. Glasfurd therefore ordered Leane to place two companies north of Pozières, but Leane was convinced that this would overcrowd the area and result in needless casualties. His plan was to garrison his two trenches with one company each and hold his two reserve companies well to the rear of the village and he confronted Glasfurd and demanded written orders. Glasfurd then gave Leane a written order that his two reserve companies were to be sent forward, but Leane remained defiant, stationing only one company north of Pozières. According to Bean, while disobedience of orders is a dangerous practice in general, in this case later events proved that Leane was fully justified in this action. According to the historian Craig Deayton, Leane was already the dominant influence in the brigade, and was proving to be a "difficult subordinate" for Glasfurd. Leane was not alone in his approach, as the commanding officer of the flanking 14th Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel Charles Dare, adopted the same disposition and disobeyed his own brigade commander in doing so. Leane later described the relief of the previous garrison as the worst he experienced in the whole war, conducted as it was under a tremendous German bombardment. When he visited his front lines in the early morning, he found remnants of his two companies, scattered among shell holes rather than trenches, and surrounded by dead and wounded.

Paragraph 2: This season introduced a new theme song, "Soul Train '93 (Know You Like to Dance)", performed by the rap group Naughty by Nature, Chanté Moore, Wallace "Scotty" and Walter Scott of The Whispers, and saxophonist Everette Harp. The new opening animation introduces a revised, afrocentric-inspired Soul Train logo, and features video clips of performances from the show's first 22 seasons playing in floating video boxes in the background. The show is also moved to Paramount Studios, where the show would be filmed right up to the final season. Also for the next four years, the show used a revolving guest-host format.

Paragraph 3: With othersLarsen (1982), with Kjell LarsenUng Pike Forsvunnet (1982), with Ung Pike ForsvunnetThe Soul Survivors (1984), with ChipahuaYou and I/It's a Game (1984), with RuthEn herre med bart (1985), with Eldar VåganTo feite striper Brylkrem (1987), with The TeddybearsEtterlatte sanger (1988), with Jonas FjeldFisking i Valdres (1988), with Viggo SandvikKvinner & Kanari (1989), with André DanielsenWake Me When the Moon Comes Up (1989), with Duck SpinTempo (1989), with Vazelina BilopphøggersLast Train Home (1990), with Reidar LarsenTatt av vinden (1990), with Bjørn EidsvågDecember (1990), with Dag KolsrudImages of Light (1990), with Erik WølloTamme erter og villbringebær (1990), with Maj Britt AndersenTa meg til havet (1992), with Hanne KroghAutumn 92 (1992), with Petter SamuelsenRoneo (1993), with Knut Værnes BandShaken - Not Stirred (1993), with Palisander KvartettenMed lyset på (1994), with Norsk UtfluktDu følger vinden (1994), with Diamond SimoneSong om ei segn (1994), with LoMskBussene lengter hjem (1994), with SøyrDeceivers & Believers (1994), with Tim Scott McConnellRippel Rappel (1994), with Maj Britt AndersenExile (1994), with Sidsel EndresenThe Water Is Wide (1994), with EriksenNightsong (1995), with Sidsel Endresen and Bugge WesseltoftHar du lyttet til elvene om natta? (1995), with Sinikka LangelandTverr Geitt tolker Geirr Tveitt live (1995), with Tverr GeittVoices (1996), with KvitrettenLife Is Good (1996), with Steinar AlbrigtsenThirteen Rounds (1997), with Jon Ebersons JazzpunkensembleNever Ending "West Side" Story (1997), with Helge IbergMed kjøtt og kjærlighet (1997), with Eidbjørg Raknes16 utvalgte sanger (1997), with Arne AanoNoahs draum (1998), with Kjell HabbestadSalmist (1998), with Per SøetorpRotor (1998), with Jon Balke/Cikada StrykekvartettImagic (1998), with Niels PræstholmDomen (1998), with Jan Magne FørdeMeridians (1998), with Torbjørn SundeFlua på veggen (1998), with VampMetropolitan (1999), with MetropolitanSolarized (1999), with Jon BalkeSoulful Christmas Songs (2000), with Marianne AntonsenThe 00 Quartet (2001), with The 00 QuartetSirkus Mikkelikski (2001), with Alf PrøysenAlene hjemme (2001), with SøyrIndigo (2001), with New Jordal SwingersAurora Borealis - Northern Lights (2002), with Geir LysneBelfast Cowboy (2002), with New Jordal SwingersKelner! (2002), with Odd Børretzen/Lars Martin MyhreSongs After You (2003), with Runar Andersen/Janne KjellsenA Night in Cassis (2004), with  Knut Værnes and VertavokvartettenSilver (2004), with Solveig Slettahjell and Slow Motion QuintetGo Get Some (2004), with Tys TysTida som går (2004), with Norsk UtfluktLove Is Blind (2004), with MetropolitanPixiedust (2005), with Solveig Slettahjell and Slow Motion OrchestraBoahjenásti - The North Star (2006), with Geir Lysne Listening EnsembleBasstard (2006), with Jørun BøgebergByggmester Solness (2006), to the play by Henrik IbsenFemkant (2007), with PustCasta la vista! - Nissa og Elisabeths favorittsanger (2008), with Nissa Nyberget and Elisabeth LindlandThe Grieg Code (2009), with Geir Lysne EnsembleGjenfortellinger (2009), with PitsjTake a Look at Your Life (2010), with Petter SamuelsenBig Shit'' (2010), with T8

Paragraph 4: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while serving as an Automatic Rifleman in Company F, Second Battalion, First Marines, First Marine Division (Reinforced), in actions against enemy aggressor forces in Korea on 15 and 16 September 1951. With a forward platoon suffering heavy casualties and forced to withdraw under a vicious enemy counterattack as his company assaulted strong hostile forces entrenched on Hill 749, Corporal Vittori boldly rushed through the withdrawing troops with two other volunteers from his reserve platoon and plunged directly into the midst of the enemy. Overwhelming them in a fierce hand-to-hand struggle, he enabled his company to consolidate its positions to meet further imminent on slaughts. Quick to respond to an urgent call for a rifleman to defend a heavy machine gun positioned on the extreme point of the northern flank and virtually isolated from the remainder of the unit when the enemy again struck in force during the night, he assumed position under the devastating barrage and, fighting a singlehanded battle, leaped from one flank to the other, covering each foxhole in turn as casualties continued to mount, manning a machine gun when the gunner was struck down and making repeated trips through the heaviest shellfire to replenish ammunition. With the situation becoming extremely critical, reinforcing units to the rear pinned down under the blistering attack and foxholes left practically void by dead and wounded for a distance of , Corporal Vittori continued his valiant stand, refusing to give ground as the enemy penetrated to within feet of his position, simulating strength in the line and denying the foe physical occupation of the ground. Mortally wounded by enemy machine-gun and rifle bullets while persisting in his magnificent defense of the sector where approximately 200 enemy dead were found the following morning, Corporal Vittori, by his fortitude, stouthearted courage and great personal valor, had kept the point position intact despite the tremendous odds and undoubtedly prevented the entire battalion position from collapsing. His extraordinary heroism throughout the furious night-long battle reflects the highest credit upon himself and the United States Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

Paragraph 5: with St. Peter: – Starting from the meeting point of the parishes of St. Peter, St. James and St. Andrew and continuing in an easterly direction to its junction with the public road leading from Rock Hall Plantation to Rock Hall Village: then in a north- westerly direction along this public road to its junction at Rock Hall Tenantry with a track leading to Roebuck Village; then along this track in a generally northerly direction to its junction at Roebuck Village with the unclassified public road leading from Four Hills Plantation to Indian Ground; then continuing in a generally northerly direction along this road to its junction with the public road leading from Orange Hill Plantation to Welchtown Plantation; then continuing in a northerly direction along this road to its junction at Welchtown Plantation with the public road leading from Farley Hill to Portland; then in a north-westerly direction along this road to its junction at Portland with the public road called Highway 1; then in an easterly and northerly direction along Highway 1 to the junction at Diamond Comer with the public road called Highway B; then in a generally easterly direction along Highway B passing through Nicholas and Cherry Tree Hill to the junction of this road with the public road leading to Boscobelle; then in a north-easterly direction along this road to the junction with the private road leading to Fosters Funland; then in a generally easterly direction along this road and along the southern section of the loop at the end; and then continuing in an easterly direction to the sea.

Paragraph 6: November 20: As No. 1 Notre Dame went into their season-ending game against No. 17 Boston College (a team which they had beaten 54-7 the previous year), the only uncertainty seemed to be whether their national championship opponent should be Nebraska in the Orange Bowl or Florida State in a rematch. However, the Eagles shocked the Irish by dominating the first three quarters, and BC held a 38-17 lead early in the fourth. Notre Dame responded with a frantic comeback, scoring 22 points in 11 minutes to go back on top by a single point. But, just as Florida State had done the previous week, Boston College went on one last drive into Notre Dame territory. This time the Irish were not able to make the stop, as walk-on kicker David Gordon hit a last-second field goal to give the Eagles a 41-39 win. No. 2 Florida State bounced back with a 62-3 domination of North Carolina State, and No. 3 Nebraska was idle. No. 4 Miami suffered a 17-14 loss at No. 9 West Virginia; the Mountaineers, who had started the season unranked, improved their record to 10-0. No. 5 Ohio State needed a win over unranked Michigan to clinch the Big Ten title and their first Rose Bowl berth in nine years. Instead, the Buckeyes threw interceptions on four straight possessions and failed to reach the Wolverines’ 20-yard line at any point in the game. Michigan’s 28-0 win put No. 12 Wisconsin, who held the tiebreaker advantage over Ohio State, in line for a trip to Pasadena. No. 6 Auburn defeated No. 11 Alabama 22-14 in the Iron Bowl; the Tigers finished the season with a perfect 11-0 record, but were ineligible for postseason play due to recruiting violations. The next poll featured No. 1 Florida State, No. 2 Nebraska, No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 Notre Dame, and No. 5 West Virginia.

Paragraph 7: The eight qualifying teams were selected based on their combined results in the Apertura and Clausura phases of the Primera División, and divided into two groups of four, with even-numbered seeds in one group and odd-numbered seeds in the other. Each group was conducted as a single round-robin league. In order to assure a more neutral environment, and to take advantage of a large and relatively well-off pool of Mexican football fans, all matches were held in the United States in California and Texas, two states with large Mexican populations. The winners of each group then played in a final for one of the two Libertadores berths. The loser of the final had a second chance to earn the other berth, as it would compete in a play-in game against the winner of a match against the two second-place finishers from each group.

Paragraph 8: This season introduced a new theme song, "Soul Train '93 (Know You Like to Dance)", performed by the rap group Naughty by Nature, Chanté Moore, Wallace "Scotty" and Walter Scott of The Whispers, and saxophonist Everette Harp. The new opening animation introduces a revised, afrocentric-inspired Soul Train logo, and features video clips of performances from the show's first 22 seasons playing in floating video boxes in the background. The show is also moved to Paramount Studios, where the show would be filmed right up to the final season. Also for the next four years, the show used a revolving guest-host format.

Paragraph 9: On January 25, 2004, Yoneyama and Haruyama defeated Etsuko Mita and Misae Genki in a tournament final to win the JWP Tag Team Championship. On August 15, Yoneyama ended her two-year reign with the JWP Junior Championship by vacating the title. On December 12, Yoneyama and Haruyama lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Akino and Tsubasa Kuragaki. Yoneyama would regain the title from Akino and Kuragaki on May 15, 2005, this time teaming with Toujyuki Leon. On August 7, Yoneyama defeated Tanny Mouse to become the 199th Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) Ironman Heavymetalweight Champion, but immediately afterwards vacated the title and entered a battle royal to determine the 200th champion. In the match, Mouse would regain the title. After a fifteen-month reign, Yoneyama and Leon lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu on August 6, 2006. While still maintaining JWP as her home promotion, in September 2006, Yoneyama began working regularly for her friend Emi Sakura's new Ice Ribbon promotion. Yoneyama ended the year by winning the Daily Sports Christmas Cup. On February 28, 2007, Yoneyama and Toshie Uematsu won a one night tournament to become the number one contenders to the JWP Tag Team Championship. However, they would fail to capture the championship in their title match against Kazuki and Sachie Abe on March 21. In late 2007, Yoneyama began feuding with JWP Openweight Champion Azumi Hyuga, which led to a title match between the two on December 9, where Hyuga retained her title. In January 2009, Yoneyama debuted a new character, Yoneyamakao Lee, a Chinese wrestler supposedly signed to the nonexistent New Beijing Pro Wrestling (NBPW) promotion. The character mainly made appearances for DDT, the inventors of the NBPW concept. On July 19, Yoneyama and Emi Sakura defeated Command Bolshoi and Megumi Yabushita for the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships. On August 2, Yoneyama defeated Pro Wrestling Wave representative Yumi Ohka in the finals to win the 2009 Natsu Onna Kettei Tournament. On September 20, Yoneyama made an appearance for NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, defeating Natsuki☆Taiyo for the NEO High Speed Championship. The following day, Yoneyama and Sakura won another championship by defeating Minori Makiba and Nanae Takahashi for Ice Ribbon's International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, meaning that, for the second time in her career, Yoneyama was now holding four different championships simultaneously. Yoneyama's and Sakura's three reigns ended on December 13, when they lost all of their tag team titles to Azumi Hyuga and Ran Yu-Yu.

Paragraph 10: On September 27, 2005, Claire Kiriakis was born at St. Luke's during the almost wedding of Sami Brady and Lucas Roberts delivered by her maternal grandmother, Marlena Evans, and Lexie Carver. Philip and Belle chose Claire as her name when she was born, Mimi Lockhart and Shawn-Douglas Brady became Godparents. Claire became very ill when she was just a few months old and Belle took her to the hospital. It was there that Kate found out Claire's blood type was AB- and knew that she wasn't Philip's daughter. She kept it from Philip and Belle but told Victor. Mimi found out the same information and kept it secret, because she was marrying Shawn and didn't want him to find out the truth and go back to Belle. A little after thanksgiving, Claire needed a liver transplant and her doctor Lexi Carver found Claire's uncle Zack Brady as a match. He had died the same night and his liver was donated to Claire. She survived and went home with Philip and Belle. It was a few months later that Mimi spilled the news to Shawn that she too knew all along that Claire wasn't Philip's baby. Belle and Philip had a DNA test done and Philip was devastated. Later, Belle took Claire to her parents and left Philip, after she miscarried. Philip tried to get full custody of Claire after he returned from war, but Belle and Shawn took the baby and ran to Toronto and stayed at a shelter where 'Merle' helped them escape to Australia on a cruise ship. Upon their return to Salem, Philip promised to leave Claire with her rightful family. Claire was aged at this point and then kidnapped by Crystal Miller and brought to New Ross, Ireland for protection. This is where she was found in January 2008 by Hope, Bo, John, Marlena, Belle, Chloe, Philip and Shawn. Claire's grandmother Colleen Brady revealed the source of the Brady/DiMera feud when she admitted to her affair with Santo DiMera. She also revealed that she was John's mother, making her Claire's great-grandmother. Colleen admitted to everyone that she was terminally ill and died shortly after. On the way home from Ireland, Claire and her parents, along with everyone else flying back, faced a traumatic plane crash due to sabotage caused by Ava Vitali. Claire's great-grandfather, Shawn Brady, died a hero on the plane saving his son's life. Upon arrival in Salem, Claire's grandfather, Bo, was rushed to the hospital for pancreatic failure and went through a life-saving surgery. Claire's parents, Belle and Shawn, reunited and decided to take Claire and sail around the world.

Paragraph 11: On September 27, 2005, Claire Kiriakis was born at St. Luke's during the almost wedding of Sami Brady and Lucas Roberts delivered by her maternal grandmother, Marlena Evans, and Lexie Carver. Philip and Belle chose Claire as her name when she was born, Mimi Lockhart and Shawn-Douglas Brady became Godparents. Claire became very ill when she was just a few months old and Belle took her to the hospital. It was there that Kate found out Claire's blood type was AB- and knew that she wasn't Philip's daughter. She kept it from Philip and Belle but told Victor. Mimi found out the same information and kept it secret, because she was marrying Shawn and didn't want him to find out the truth and go back to Belle. A little after thanksgiving, Claire needed a liver transplant and her doctor Lexi Carver found Claire's uncle Zack Brady as a match. He had died the same night and his liver was donated to Claire. She survived and went home with Philip and Belle. It was a few months later that Mimi spilled the news to Shawn that she too knew all along that Claire wasn't Philip's baby. Belle and Philip had a DNA test done and Philip was devastated. Later, Belle took Claire to her parents and left Philip, after she miscarried. Philip tried to get full custody of Claire after he returned from war, but Belle and Shawn took the baby and ran to Toronto and stayed at a shelter where 'Merle' helped them escape to Australia on a cruise ship. Upon their return to Salem, Philip promised to leave Claire with her rightful family. Claire was aged at this point and then kidnapped by Crystal Miller and brought to New Ross, Ireland for protection. This is where she was found in January 2008 by Hope, Bo, John, Marlena, Belle, Chloe, Philip and Shawn. Claire's grandmother Colleen Brady revealed the source of the Brady/DiMera feud when she admitted to her affair with Santo DiMera. She also revealed that she was John's mother, making her Claire's great-grandmother. Colleen admitted to everyone that she was terminally ill and died shortly after. On the way home from Ireland, Claire and her parents, along with everyone else flying back, faced a traumatic plane crash due to sabotage caused by Ava Vitali. Claire's great-grandfather, Shawn Brady, died a hero on the plane saving his son's life. Upon arrival in Salem, Claire's grandfather, Bo, was rushed to the hospital for pancreatic failure and went through a life-saving surgery. Claire's parents, Belle and Shawn, reunited and decided to take Claire and sail around the world.

Paragraph 12: Mongolia elects its head of state—the President of Mongolia—at the national level. The president is elected for a four-year term by the people, using the Two-round system. The State Great Khural (Ulsyn Ikh Khural, State Great Assembly) has 76 members, originally elected for a four-year term from single-seat constituencies. Due to the voting system, Mongolia experienced extreme shifts in the composition of the parliament after the 1996, 2000, and 2004 elections, so it has changed to a more proportional system in which some seats are filled on the basis of votes for local candidates, and some on the basis of nationwide party preference totals. Beginning in 2008, local candidates were elected from 26 electoral districts. Beginning with the 2012 elections, a parallel system was enacted, combining a district part and a nationwide proportional part. 48 seats are chosen at the local level in 26 districts with 1-3 seats using Plurality-at-large voting. 28 seats are chosen from nationwide closed party lists using the Largest remainder method. In the district seats, a candidate is required to get at least 28% of the vote cast in a district to be elected. If there are seats that are not filled due to this threshold, a runoff election is held in the respective district with twice the number of representatives as there are seats to be filled, between the top vote-getters of the first round.

Paragraph 13: The dinar replaced the first Sudanese pound  (SDP) on June 8, 1992, at a rate of SD 1 = £S.10. On January 10, 2007, a second Sudanese pound (SDG) was introduced at a rate of 1 pound = 100 dinars. According to the Bank of Sudan, the dinar was to have stopped circulating after a six-month transitional period. The pound and the dinar were to be accepted as legal currency side by side during the six-month period but cheques would be cashed in pounds from the commercial banks. The Bank of Sudan began distributing the new currency to commercial banks and sent consignments of banknotes to the south in 2007. This second Sudanese pound became the only legal tender as of July 1, 2007.

Paragraph 14: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while serving as an Automatic Rifleman in Company F, Second Battalion, First Marines, First Marine Division (Reinforced), in actions against enemy aggressor forces in Korea on 15 and 16 September 1951. With a forward platoon suffering heavy casualties and forced to withdraw under a vicious enemy counterattack as his company assaulted strong hostile forces entrenched on Hill 749, Corporal Vittori boldly rushed through the withdrawing troops with two other volunteers from his reserve platoon and plunged directly into the midst of the enemy. Overwhelming them in a fierce hand-to-hand struggle, he enabled his company to consolidate its positions to meet further imminent on slaughts. Quick to respond to an urgent call for a rifleman to defend a heavy machine gun positioned on the extreme point of the northern flank and virtually isolated from the remainder of the unit when the enemy again struck in force during the night, he assumed position under the devastating barrage and, fighting a singlehanded battle, leaped from one flank to the other, covering each foxhole in turn as casualties continued to mount, manning a machine gun when the gunner was struck down and making repeated trips through the heaviest shellfire to replenish ammunition. With the situation becoming extremely critical, reinforcing units to the rear pinned down under the blistering attack and foxholes left practically void by dead and wounded for a distance of , Corporal Vittori continued his valiant stand, refusing to give ground as the enemy penetrated to within feet of his position, simulating strength in the line and denying the foe physical occupation of the ground. Mortally wounded by enemy machine-gun and rifle bullets while persisting in his magnificent defense of the sector where approximately 200 enemy dead were found the following morning, Corporal Vittori, by his fortitude, stouthearted courage and great personal valor, had kept the point position intact despite the tremendous odds and undoubtedly prevented the entire battalion position from collapsing. His extraordinary heroism throughout the furious night-long battle reflects the highest credit upon himself and the United States Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

Paragraph 15: The dinar replaced the first Sudanese pound  (SDP) on June 8, 1992, at a rate of SD 1 = £S.10. On January 10, 2007, a second Sudanese pound (SDG) was introduced at a rate of 1 pound = 100 dinars. According to the Bank of Sudan, the dinar was to have stopped circulating after a six-month transitional period. The pound and the dinar were to be accepted as legal currency side by side during the six-month period but cheques would be cashed in pounds from the commercial banks. The Bank of Sudan began distributing the new currency to commercial banks and sent consignments of banknotes to the south in 2007. This second Sudanese pound became the only legal tender as of July 1, 2007.

Paragraph 16: On January 25, 2004, Yoneyama and Haruyama defeated Etsuko Mita and Misae Genki in a tournament final to win the JWP Tag Team Championship. On August 15, Yoneyama ended her two-year reign with the JWP Junior Championship by vacating the title. On December 12, Yoneyama and Haruyama lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Akino and Tsubasa Kuragaki. Yoneyama would regain the title from Akino and Kuragaki on May 15, 2005, this time teaming with Toujyuki Leon. On August 7, Yoneyama defeated Tanny Mouse to become the 199th Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) Ironman Heavymetalweight Champion, but immediately afterwards vacated the title and entered a battle royal to determine the 200th champion. In the match, Mouse would regain the title. After a fifteen-month reign, Yoneyama and Leon lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu on August 6, 2006. While still maintaining JWP as her home promotion, in September 2006, Yoneyama began working regularly for her friend Emi Sakura's new Ice Ribbon promotion. Yoneyama ended the year by winning the Daily Sports Christmas Cup. On February 28, 2007, Yoneyama and Toshie Uematsu won a one night tournament to become the number one contenders to the JWP Tag Team Championship. However, they would fail to capture the championship in their title match against Kazuki and Sachie Abe on March 21. In late 2007, Yoneyama began feuding with JWP Openweight Champion Azumi Hyuga, which led to a title match between the two on December 9, where Hyuga retained her title. In January 2009, Yoneyama debuted a new character, Yoneyamakao Lee, a Chinese wrestler supposedly signed to the nonexistent New Beijing Pro Wrestling (NBPW) promotion. The character mainly made appearances for DDT, the inventors of the NBPW concept. On July 19, Yoneyama and Emi Sakura defeated Command Bolshoi and Megumi Yabushita for the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships. On August 2, Yoneyama defeated Pro Wrestling Wave representative Yumi Ohka in the finals to win the 2009 Natsu Onna Kettei Tournament. On September 20, Yoneyama made an appearance for NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, defeating Natsuki☆Taiyo for the NEO High Speed Championship. The following day, Yoneyama and Sakura won another championship by defeating Minori Makiba and Nanae Takahashi for Ice Ribbon's International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, meaning that, for the second time in her career, Yoneyama was now holding four different championships simultaneously. Yoneyama's and Sakura's three reigns ended on December 13, when they lost all of their tag team titles to Azumi Hyuga and Ran Yu-Yu.

Paragraph 17: This season introduced a new theme song, "Soul Train '93 (Know You Like to Dance)", performed by the rap group Naughty by Nature, Chanté Moore, Wallace "Scotty" and Walter Scott of The Whispers, and saxophonist Everette Harp. The new opening animation introduces a revised, afrocentric-inspired Soul Train logo, and features video clips of performances from the show's first 22 seasons playing in floating video boxes in the background. The show is also moved to Paramount Studios, where the show would be filmed right up to the final season. Also for the next four years, the show used a revolving guest-host format.

Paragraph 18: It was during that period that she and Investigative Judge Giovanni Falcone uncovered the link between Swiss money launderers and the Italian drug trade in the so-called "pizza connection." Judge Falcone was killed by a large Mafia bomb. Del Ponte was more fortunate as the half a tonne of explosives planted in the foundations of her Palermo home were discovered in time for her to escape the attempted assassination unhurt. Falcone's death nurtured Del Ponte's resolve to fight organised crime. Her enemies in the Cosa Nostra call her "La Puttana" ("the whore"). She therefore became the first public figure in Switzerland to require round-the-clock protection and armour-plated car.

Paragraph 19: The eight qualifying teams were selected based on their combined results in the Apertura and Clausura phases of the Primera División, and divided into two groups of four, with even-numbered seeds in one group and odd-numbered seeds in the other. Each group was conducted as a single round-robin league. In order to assure a more neutral environment, and to take advantage of a large and relatively well-off pool of Mexican football fans, all matches were held in the United States in California and Texas, two states with large Mexican populations. The winners of each group then played in a final for one of the two Libertadores berths. The loser of the final had a second chance to earn the other berth, as it would compete in a play-in game against the winner of a match against the two second-place finishers from each group.

Paragraph 20: „...After they took away the places where he spends his holidays, presenting pictures from Mamaia as pictures from the Cote d'Azur, the valiant employees of S.O. Vantu also reached to the 1400 sq m villa which Mr. Videanu has finished near Bucharest ... Adriean Videanu is, indeed, a very rich man and he was very rich before he became mayor general of the Capital. He is a prosperous businessman who works in a field with great weight, both literally and figuratively: the exploitation and sale of marble and tiles. I don't know if you can get rich by selling pretzels, but surely marble has great potential ... What should really interest us at Adriean Videanu and all people of his financial caliber are completely different things. First of all, we should be interested in whether every penny of his wealth was made honestly, if for every penny taxes were paid to the state and if any penny of this wealth is the result of a detrimental contract for the state ... Journalists who attack him have no way to talk about the rope in the houses of their owners, including politicians, who can be attacked both in terms of interests and business with the state, and in terms of tax evasion found by ANAF. It is simpler and safer to attack populists with houses and cars that in themselves have nothing wrong.”

Paragraph 21: „...After they took away the places where he spends his holidays, presenting pictures from Mamaia as pictures from the Cote d'Azur, the valiant employees of S.O. Vantu also reached to the 1400 sq m villa which Mr. Videanu has finished near Bucharest ... Adriean Videanu is, indeed, a very rich man and he was very rich before he became mayor general of the Capital. He is a prosperous businessman who works in a field with great weight, both literally and figuratively: the exploitation and sale of marble and tiles. I don't know if you can get rich by selling pretzels, but surely marble has great potential ... What should really interest us at Adriean Videanu and all people of his financial caliber are completely different things. First of all, we should be interested in whether every penny of his wealth was made honestly, if for every penny taxes were paid to the state and if any penny of this wealth is the result of a detrimental contract for the state ... Journalists who attack him have no way to talk about the rope in the houses of their owners, including politicians, who can be attacked both in terms of interests and business with the state, and in terms of tax evasion found by ANAF. It is simpler and safer to attack populists with houses and cars that in themselves have nothing wrong.”

Paragraph 22: In 2003, Matt Greiner started his musical career. JB Brubaker (lead guitar) hired Greiner, Jon Hershey (vocals), Brent Rambler (rhythm guitar) and Jordan Tuscan (bass) to help form the band August Burns Red. The band formed in March 2003 in Greiner's basement. The band recorded the Looks Fragile After All EP in 2004 and was released by CI Records, a label local to where Greiner and the members lived. In 2005, Vocalist Jon Hershey left the band to eventually start Bells. He was replaced by Josh McManness. After McManness joined, the band signed to Solid State Records. On November 8, 2005, ABR released their debut album, titled Thrill Seeker. After the album was released, Greiner started endorsing Truth Custom Drums. In 2006, McManness and Tuscan left the band, and were replaced by Jake Luhrs and Dustin Davidson. On June 19, 2007, the band released their sophomore album, Messengers on Solid State. The album did extremely well and sold 108,000 copies by May 2011. Throughout 2008, the band toured with bands such as As I Lay Dying, Misery Signals, A Skylit Drive, and This or the Apocalypse. On February 24, 2009, the band released some of the tracks that were not released with Messengers, titled Lost Messengers: The Outtakes. Constellations came out later in the year of 2009. The band released Leveler in 2011 and August Burns Red Presents: Sleddin' Hill, a Christmas album, in 2012. In 2011, Greiner started Greiner&Kilmer with local drummer and woodworker Kaleb Kilmer. On October 25, 2011, the Christian hardcore band, Life in Your Way released their fifth studio album, Kingdoms, which Greiner produced the drums. The album also features Greiner's fellow ABR member, Jake Luhrs.  On May 13, 2013, the Metalcore band, Texas in July released their self titled album. Greiner was featured on the album's final track, "Cloudy Minds". Later, on June 25, 2013, ABR released their sixth full-length album, called Rescue & Restore. The album did extremely well, charting very high on the Billboard charts. In 2014, ABR's only development, announced they had left Solid State Records to sign to Fearless Records and the band's new album, Found in Far Away Places, would be available for pre-order on April 13, 2015 along with their new single "The Wake". On June 29, 2015, the band released Found in Far Away Places on Fearless. The band was Grammy nominated for "Best Metal Performance" for their song "Identity".

Paragraph 23: Danny inherits two houses in the central coastal area of California, "just outside the old seaport town of Monterey." So, Pilon and his poor idle friends move in. One of them, the Pirate, is saving money which Pilon endeavors to steal, until he discovers that it is being collected to purchase a golden candlestick which Pirate intends to burn to honor St. Francis, for healing his sick dog, that later is run over and killed. One of Danny's houses burns down, so he allows his friends to move into the other house with him, and in gratitude Pilon tries to make life better for his friend. Things are fine at first until Danny's passion for a lovely girl named Dolores causes him to actually go to work in a fishing business. A misunderstanding caused by Pilon about a vacuum cleaner Danny had bought for the girl, enrages Danny; he becomes drunk and a bit crazy. He almost dies in an accident while interrupting the girl at her work in a cannery, but through Pilon's prayers, is restored to health. Danny then marries his sweetheart with the promise that he will become a fisherman now that Pilon has raised the money to buy him a boat. The movie's happy ending is quite different from the novel's ending, in which Danny dies after a fall.

Paragraph 24: PA 441 crosses the Conewago Creek into Londonderry Township in Dauphin County and continues north between farmland and some woods to the east and the Norfolk Southern Royalton Branch and the Susquehanna River to the west. The route passes to the east of Three Mile Island, which is the location of the former Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station, the site of a partial nuclear meltdown in 1979. Past the former nuclear power plant, the road curves northwest and then north as it runs through wooded areas of homes with the river and railroad tracks to the west of the road. PA 441 crosses the Royalton Branch at-grade and enters the borough of Royalton, heading northwest through residential areas along Canal Street. The route becomes parallel to Amtrak's Keystone Corridor railroad line to the east and crosses the Swatara Creek into the borough of Middletown. Here, PA 441 follows Ann Street northwest and intersects South Union Street, passing through residential areas. The road curves north and comes to a bridge over Norfolk Southern's Royalton Branch, Amtrak's Keystone Corridor, and the Middletown and Hummelstown Railroad at the Middletown station serving the Amtrak line before it reaches an intersection with PA 230. At this point, PA 441 turns east to form a concurrency with PA 230 along West Main Street, a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane, running along the border between Lower Swatara Township to the north and Middletown to the south. The road passes north of the Middletown station along Amtrak's Keystone Corridor before it heads northeast away from the railroad tracks and fully enters Middletown. PA 230/PA 441 passes businesses before running through residential areas as a two-lane road. PA 441 splits from PA 230 by turning north onto North Union Street. The route passes more homes and heads to the east of a cemetery, becoming the border between Lower Swatara Township to the west and the borough of Middletown to the east as it continues north and comes to a bridge over the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-76).

Paragraph 25: With othersLarsen (1982), with Kjell LarsenUng Pike Forsvunnet (1982), with Ung Pike ForsvunnetThe Soul Survivors (1984), with ChipahuaYou and I/It's a Game (1984), with RuthEn herre med bart (1985), with Eldar VåganTo feite striper Brylkrem (1987), with The TeddybearsEtterlatte sanger (1988), with Jonas FjeldFisking i Valdres (1988), with Viggo SandvikKvinner & Kanari (1989), with André DanielsenWake Me When the Moon Comes Up (1989), with Duck SpinTempo (1989), with Vazelina BilopphøggersLast Train Home (1990), with Reidar LarsenTatt av vinden (1990), with Bjørn EidsvågDecember (1990), with Dag KolsrudImages of Light (1990), with Erik WølloTamme erter og villbringebær (1990), with Maj Britt AndersenTa meg til havet (1992), with Hanne KroghAutumn 92 (1992), with Petter SamuelsenRoneo (1993), with Knut Værnes BandShaken - Not Stirred (1993), with Palisander KvartettenMed lyset på (1994), with Norsk UtfluktDu følger vinden (1994), with Diamond SimoneSong om ei segn (1994), with LoMskBussene lengter hjem (1994), with SøyrDeceivers & Believers (1994), with Tim Scott McConnellRippel Rappel (1994), with Maj Britt AndersenExile (1994), with Sidsel EndresenThe Water Is Wide (1994), with EriksenNightsong (1995), with Sidsel Endresen and Bugge WesseltoftHar du lyttet til elvene om natta? (1995), with Sinikka LangelandTverr Geitt tolker Geirr Tveitt live (1995), with Tverr GeittVoices (1996), with KvitrettenLife Is Good (1996), with Steinar AlbrigtsenThirteen Rounds (1997), with Jon Ebersons JazzpunkensembleNever Ending "West Side" Story (1997), with Helge IbergMed kjøtt og kjærlighet (1997), with Eidbjørg Raknes16 utvalgte sanger (1997), with Arne AanoNoahs draum (1998), with Kjell HabbestadSalmist (1998), with Per SøetorpRotor (1998), with Jon Balke/Cikada StrykekvartettImagic (1998), with Niels PræstholmDomen (1998), with Jan Magne FørdeMeridians (1998), with Torbjørn SundeFlua på veggen (1998), with VampMetropolitan (1999), with MetropolitanSolarized (1999), with Jon BalkeSoulful Christmas Songs (2000), with Marianne AntonsenThe 00 Quartet (2001), with The 00 QuartetSirkus Mikkelikski (2001), with Alf PrøysenAlene hjemme (2001), with SøyrIndigo (2001), with New Jordal SwingersAurora Borealis - Northern Lights (2002), with Geir LysneBelfast Cowboy (2002), with New Jordal SwingersKelner! (2002), with Odd Børretzen/Lars Martin MyhreSongs After You (2003), with Runar Andersen/Janne KjellsenA Night in Cassis (2004), with  Knut Værnes and VertavokvartettenSilver (2004), with Solveig Slettahjell and Slow Motion QuintetGo Get Some (2004), with Tys TysTida som går (2004), with Norsk UtfluktLove Is Blind (2004), with MetropolitanPixiedust (2005), with Solveig Slettahjell and Slow Motion OrchestraBoahjenásti - The North Star (2006), with Geir Lysne Listening EnsembleBasstard (2006), with Jørun BøgebergByggmester Solness (2006), to the play by Henrik IbsenFemkant (2007), with PustCasta la vista! - Nissa og Elisabeths favorittsanger (2008), with Nissa Nyberget and Elisabeth LindlandThe Grieg Code (2009), with Geir Lysne EnsembleGjenfortellinger (2009), with PitsjTake a Look at Your Life (2010), with Petter SamuelsenBig Shit'' (2010), with T8

Paragraph 26: Born in Accrington, Lancashire, Duxbury began his career as a right back with Everton, but he signed for Manchester United as a schoolboy in 1975. He signed trainee forms in July 1976, and then went professional three months later. Duxbury made his Manchester United debut on 23 August 1980, coming on as a substitute for Kevin Moran against Birmingham City. Duxbury became a semi-regular in the first team over the next couple of seasons, although – due to the form of first-choice full backs John Gidman and Arthur Albiston – he spent most of his time playing at centre-back; it was not until towards the end of the 1981–82 season that Duxbury began to play in his favoured right back position. The following season, he won his first FA Cup medal with Manchester United, playing in both matches of the 1983 final against Brighton & Hove Albion. Another FA Cup medal followed in 1985, after Duxbury came on as a substitute for Arthur Albiston. He continued at Manchester United for another five years, but he found his first-team opportunities increasingly limited as he began to play more reserve matches. After being left out of the side for the 1990 FA Cup Final against Crystal Palace, Duxbury left United for Blackburn Rovers for free at the end of the season.

Paragraph 27: In the 1980s, Rosalino "Chalino" Sánchez contributed to narcocorridos. Known throughout Mexico as "El Pelavacas" (Cow Skin Peeler), El Indio (The Indian,  from his corrido "El Indio Sánchez"), and "Mi Compa" (My Friend), Chalino was a Mexican immigrant living in Los Angeles. He then began distributing his music for a sale price.  His lyrics dealt with heartbreak, revolution, and socioeconomic issues.  Soon he was selling mass copies. Chalino Sánchez was murdered in 1992 after a concert in Culiacán. In death, he became a legend and one of the most influential Mexican musicians to emerge from California, he was known throughout Mexico and United States as El Rey del Corrido (The King of the Corrido).

Paragraph 28: In 2003, Matt Greiner started his musical career. JB Brubaker (lead guitar) hired Greiner, Jon Hershey (vocals), Brent Rambler (rhythm guitar) and Jordan Tuscan (bass) to help form the band August Burns Red. The band formed in March 2003 in Greiner's basement. The band recorded the Looks Fragile After All EP in 2004 and was released by CI Records, a label local to where Greiner and the members lived. In 2005, Vocalist Jon Hershey left the band to eventually start Bells. He was replaced by Josh McManness. After McManness joined, the band signed to Solid State Records. On November 8, 2005, ABR released their debut album, titled Thrill Seeker. After the album was released, Greiner started endorsing Truth Custom Drums. In 2006, McManness and Tuscan left the band, and were replaced by Jake Luhrs and Dustin Davidson. On June 19, 2007, the band released their sophomore album, Messengers on Solid State. The album did extremely well and sold 108,000 copies by May 2011. Throughout 2008, the band toured with bands such as As I Lay Dying, Misery Signals, A Skylit Drive, and This or the Apocalypse. On February 24, 2009, the band released some of the tracks that were not released with Messengers, titled Lost Messengers: The Outtakes. Constellations came out later in the year of 2009. The band released Leveler in 2011 and August Burns Red Presents: Sleddin' Hill, a Christmas album, in 2012. In 2011, Greiner started Greiner&Kilmer with local drummer and woodworker Kaleb Kilmer. On October 25, 2011, the Christian hardcore band, Life in Your Way released their fifth studio album, Kingdoms, which Greiner produced the drums. The album also features Greiner's fellow ABR member, Jake Luhrs.  On May 13, 2013, the Metalcore band, Texas in July released their self titled album. Greiner was featured on the album's final track, "Cloudy Minds". Later, on June 25, 2013, ABR released their sixth full-length album, called Rescue & Restore. The album did extremely well, charting very high on the Billboard charts. In 2014, ABR's only development, announced they had left Solid State Records to sign to Fearless Records and the band's new album, Found in Far Away Places, would be available for pre-order on April 13, 2015 along with their new single "The Wake". On June 29, 2015, the band released Found in Far Away Places on Fearless. The band was Grammy nominated for "Best Metal Performance" for their song "Identity".

Paragraph 29: On January 25, 2004, Yoneyama and Haruyama defeated Etsuko Mita and Misae Genki in a tournament final to win the JWP Tag Team Championship. On August 15, Yoneyama ended her two-year reign with the JWP Junior Championship by vacating the title. On December 12, Yoneyama and Haruyama lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Akino and Tsubasa Kuragaki. Yoneyama would regain the title from Akino and Kuragaki on May 15, 2005, this time teaming with Toujyuki Leon. On August 7, Yoneyama defeated Tanny Mouse to become the 199th Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) Ironman Heavymetalweight Champion, but immediately afterwards vacated the title and entered a battle royal to determine the 200th champion. In the match, Mouse would regain the title. After a fifteen-month reign, Yoneyama and Leon lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu on August 6, 2006. While still maintaining JWP as her home promotion, in September 2006, Yoneyama began working regularly for her friend Emi Sakura's new Ice Ribbon promotion. Yoneyama ended the year by winning the Daily Sports Christmas Cup. On February 28, 2007, Yoneyama and Toshie Uematsu won a one night tournament to become the number one contenders to the JWP Tag Team Championship. However, they would fail to capture the championship in their title match against Kazuki and Sachie Abe on March 21. In late 2007, Yoneyama began feuding with JWP Openweight Champion Azumi Hyuga, which led to a title match between the two on December 9, where Hyuga retained her title. In January 2009, Yoneyama debuted a new character, Yoneyamakao Lee, a Chinese wrestler supposedly signed to the nonexistent New Beijing Pro Wrestling (NBPW) promotion. The character mainly made appearances for DDT, the inventors of the NBPW concept. On July 19, Yoneyama and Emi Sakura defeated Command Bolshoi and Megumi Yabushita for the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships. On August 2, Yoneyama defeated Pro Wrestling Wave representative Yumi Ohka in the finals to win the 2009 Natsu Onna Kettei Tournament. On September 20, Yoneyama made an appearance for NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, defeating Natsuki☆Taiyo for the NEO High Speed Championship. The following day, Yoneyama and Sakura won another championship by defeating Minori Makiba and Nanae Takahashi for Ice Ribbon's International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, meaning that, for the second time in her career, Yoneyama was now holding four different championships simultaneously. Yoneyama's and Sakura's three reigns ended on December 13, when they lost all of their tag team titles to Azumi Hyuga and Ran Yu-Yu.

Paragraph 30: It was during that period that she and Investigative Judge Giovanni Falcone uncovered the link between Swiss money launderers and the Italian drug trade in the so-called "pizza connection." Judge Falcone was killed by a large Mafia bomb. Del Ponte was more fortunate as the half a tonne of explosives planted in the foundations of her Palermo home were discovered in time for her to escape the attempted assassination unhurt. Falcone's death nurtured Del Ponte's resolve to fight organised crime. Her enemies in the Cosa Nostra call her "La Puttana" ("the whore"). She therefore became the first public figure in Switzerland to require round-the-clock protection and armour-plated car.

Paragraph 31: „...After they took away the places where he spends his holidays, presenting pictures from Mamaia as pictures from the Cote d'Azur, the valiant employees of S.O. Vantu also reached to the 1400 sq m villa which Mr. Videanu has finished near Bucharest ... Adriean Videanu is, indeed, a very rich man and he was very rich before he became mayor general of the Capital. He is a prosperous businessman who works in a field with great weight, both literally and figuratively: the exploitation and sale of marble and tiles. I don't know if you can get rich by selling pretzels, but surely marble has great potential ... What should really interest us at Adriean Videanu and all people of his financial caliber are completely different things. First of all, we should be interested in whether every penny of his wealth was made honestly, if for every penny taxes were paid to the state and if any penny of this wealth is the result of a detrimental contract for the state ... Journalists who attack him have no way to talk about the rope in the houses of their owners, including politicians, who can be attacked both in terms of interests and business with the state, and in terms of tax evasion found by ANAF. It is simpler and safer to attack populists with houses and cars that in themselves have nothing wrong.”

Paragraph 32: On September 27, 2005, Claire Kiriakis was born at St. Luke's during the almost wedding of Sami Brady and Lucas Roberts delivered by her maternal grandmother, Marlena Evans, and Lexie Carver. Philip and Belle chose Claire as her name when she was born, Mimi Lockhart and Shawn-Douglas Brady became Godparents. Claire became very ill when she was just a few months old and Belle took her to the hospital. It was there that Kate found out Claire's blood type was AB- and knew that she wasn't Philip's daughter. She kept it from Philip and Belle but told Victor. Mimi found out the same information and kept it secret, because she was marrying Shawn and didn't want him to find out the truth and go back to Belle. A little after thanksgiving, Claire needed a liver transplant and her doctor Lexi Carver found Claire's uncle Zack Brady as a match. He had died the same night and his liver was donated to Claire. She survived and went home with Philip and Belle. It was a few months later that Mimi spilled the news to Shawn that she too knew all along that Claire wasn't Philip's baby. Belle and Philip had a DNA test done and Philip was devastated. Later, Belle took Claire to her parents and left Philip, after she miscarried. Philip tried to get full custody of Claire after he returned from war, but Belle and Shawn took the baby and ran to Toronto and stayed at a shelter where 'Merle' helped them escape to Australia on a cruise ship. Upon their return to Salem, Philip promised to leave Claire with her rightful family. Claire was aged at this point and then kidnapped by Crystal Miller and brought to New Ross, Ireland for protection. This is where she was found in January 2008 by Hope, Bo, John, Marlena, Belle, Chloe, Philip and Shawn. Claire's grandmother Colleen Brady revealed the source of the Brady/DiMera feud when she admitted to her affair with Santo DiMera. She also revealed that she was John's mother, making her Claire's great-grandmother. Colleen admitted to everyone that she was terminally ill and died shortly after. On the way home from Ireland, Claire and her parents, along with everyone else flying back, faced a traumatic plane crash due to sabotage caused by Ava Vitali. Claire's great-grandfather, Shawn Brady, died a hero on the plane saving his son's life. Upon arrival in Salem, Claire's grandfather, Bo, was rushed to the hospital for pancreatic failure and went through a life-saving surgery. Claire's parents, Belle and Shawn, reunited and decided to take Claire and sail around the world.

Paragraph 33: The most famous period of the Group was during the Battle of Britain when it bore the brunt of the German aerial assault. Pilots posted to squadrons in 11 Group knew that they would be in constant action, while pilots and squadrons transferred from No.11 Group knew that they were going to somewhere comparatively safer. During the Battle of Britain, the Group was commanded by New Zealander Air vice-marshal Keith Park. While supported by the commanders (AOCs) of No. 10 Group and No. 13 Group, he received insufficient support from the AOC of 12 Group, Air Vice Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory, who used the Big Wing controversy to criticise Park's tactics. Leigh-Mallory's lack of support compromised Fighter Command at a critical time and the controversy caused problems for Park. When the Battle of Britain was over, Leigh-Mallory, acting with Air marshal Sholto Douglas, conspired to have Park removed from his position (along with the Commander-in-Chief of Fighter Command, Air chief marshal Hugh Dowding). Leigh-Mallory then took over command of 11 Group.

Paragraph 34: On January 25, 2004, Yoneyama and Haruyama defeated Etsuko Mita and Misae Genki in a tournament final to win the JWP Tag Team Championship. On August 15, Yoneyama ended her two-year reign with the JWP Junior Championship by vacating the title. On December 12, Yoneyama and Haruyama lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Akino and Tsubasa Kuragaki. Yoneyama would regain the title from Akino and Kuragaki on May 15, 2005, this time teaming with Toujyuki Leon. On August 7, Yoneyama defeated Tanny Mouse to become the 199th Dramatic Dream Team (DDT) Ironman Heavymetalweight Champion, but immediately afterwards vacated the title and entered a battle royal to determine the 200th champion. In the match, Mouse would regain the title. After a fifteen-month reign, Yoneyama and Leon lost the JWP Tag Team Championship to Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu on August 6, 2006. While still maintaining JWP as her home promotion, in September 2006, Yoneyama began working regularly for her friend Emi Sakura's new Ice Ribbon promotion. Yoneyama ended the year by winning the Daily Sports Christmas Cup. On February 28, 2007, Yoneyama and Toshie Uematsu won a one night tournament to become the number one contenders to the JWP Tag Team Championship. However, they would fail to capture the championship in their title match against Kazuki and Sachie Abe on March 21. In late 2007, Yoneyama began feuding with JWP Openweight Champion Azumi Hyuga, which led to a title match between the two on December 9, where Hyuga retained her title. In January 2009, Yoneyama debuted a new character, Yoneyamakao Lee, a Chinese wrestler supposedly signed to the nonexistent New Beijing Pro Wrestling (NBPW) promotion. The character mainly made appearances for DDT, the inventors of the NBPW concept. On July 19, Yoneyama and Emi Sakura defeated Command Bolshoi and Megumi Yabushita for the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships. On August 2, Yoneyama defeated Pro Wrestling Wave representative Yumi Ohka in the finals to win the 2009 Natsu Onna Kettei Tournament. On September 20, Yoneyama made an appearance for NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, defeating Natsuki☆Taiyo for the NEO High Speed Championship. The following day, Yoneyama and Sakura won another championship by defeating Minori Makiba and Nanae Takahashi for Ice Ribbon's International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, meaning that, for the second time in her career, Yoneyama was now holding four different championships simultaneously. Yoneyama's and Sakura's three reigns ended on December 13, when they lost all of their tag team titles to Azumi Hyuga and Ran Yu-Yu.

Paragraph 35: November 20: As No. 1 Notre Dame went into their season-ending game against No. 17 Boston College (a team which they had beaten 54-7 the previous year), the only uncertainty seemed to be whether their national championship opponent should be Nebraska in the Orange Bowl or Florida State in a rematch. However, the Eagles shocked the Irish by dominating the first three quarters, and BC held a 38-17 lead early in the fourth. Notre Dame responded with a frantic comeback, scoring 22 points in 11 minutes to go back on top by a single point. But, just as Florida State had done the previous week, Boston College went on one last drive into Notre Dame territory. This time the Irish were not able to make the stop, as walk-on kicker David Gordon hit a last-second field goal to give the Eagles a 41-39 win. No. 2 Florida State bounced back with a 62-3 domination of North Carolina State, and No. 3 Nebraska was idle. No. 4 Miami suffered a 17-14 loss at No. 9 West Virginia; the Mountaineers, who had started the season unranked, improved their record to 10-0. No. 5 Ohio State needed a win over unranked Michigan to clinch the Big Ten title and their first Rose Bowl berth in nine years. Instead, the Buckeyes threw interceptions on four straight possessions and failed to reach the Wolverines’ 20-yard line at any point in the game. Michigan’s 28-0 win put No. 12 Wisconsin, who held the tiebreaker advantage over Ohio State, in line for a trip to Pasadena. No. 6 Auburn defeated No. 11 Alabama 22-14 in the Iron Bowl; the Tigers finished the season with a perfect 11-0 record, but were ineligible for postseason play due to recruiting violations. The next poll featured No. 1 Florida State, No. 2 Nebraska, No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 Notre Dame, and No. 5 West Virginia.