Paragraph 1: For several years Egypt had been wracked by the Fourth Fitna and Zacharias had halted payments of the baqt. Once Ibrahim had gained control over Egypt he demanded the baqt be resumed and the payment of all arrears. In an attempt to reduce these demands, Georgios was sent to meet the Caliph. It is not certain if he traveled all the way to Baghdad or whether he simply went to Cairo; either way his journey had a major effect, and a new treaty was signed canceling the arrears and changing the terms of the baqt so that it only needed to be paid once every three years.

Paragraph 2: Lu Tiem (Ku Feng) sees the Newspaper with His friends about the Giant Foot Print that was revealed in Himalayan India. The discovered nations were released as a past flashback, Utam the Mighty Peking Guy who destroys the buildings, throws rocks, and causes an earthquake-like rampage. They all chase him through the race. Lu deeds to send His Minion to torture Goliathon in any slights for destroying Indians. A party from Hong Kong, headed by Johnny (Danny Lee) are exploring the Indian side of the Himalayan mountains. They see the Himalayan people about the Gorilla what happened in the last year was revealed to destroy Himalayan villages. Johnny and friends meet all of the other animals like Bear, Monkey and Natures along with Buffalos and Gnus and fights the Elephants who are the Bodyguards of Utam that chase everyone and kill innocent people. The First Himalayan Elephant was shot and murdered by Johnny and chases, Lu Tiem has no doubt rose what happened Today. In the Morning, Tiger confronts Him and the mud comes. Johnny attacks it who bites Leg, Lu shots and chases. After Lu Tiem kills Him, Johnny assaults and punches him if his deeds are to takes down innocent people. Johnny sleeps while Lu and his friends retreat to the jungles and go back to China. He was left on his own and starts to become homeless and discovers the eponymous Peking Man, a Yeti, Utam Goliathon who battles him if he steps on the lines. Utam tries to kill Johnny's lifeless body, along with a beautiful blonde wild woman named Samantha (Evelyne Kraft) to tells Utam what to do that He stays away from taking down him before he was meant to be passed away by him in a poster. Johnny later to fights the Malayan Tiger but was chased by Samantha and seeing the Giant Leopard attacks him and was a friend of her whose parents had been killed in a plane crash. Samantha was raised by Utam (the Peking Man) with nothing to wear but animal skin bikini. Like Tarzan, she has learned both to swing through the trees on vines and to communicate with and command the jungle animals, with the exception of a venomous snake who bites her on the inner thigh, requiring the hero Johnny to suck out the poison while Samantha's leopard friend and the Giant Elephant attacks and battles the snake. Shortly thereafter, they fall in love.

Paragraph 3: The life cycle of H. ligatus consists of two main stages: the overwintering and the active stage. The nest, which occurs within burrows in the ground or rotting wood, begins to become active and bees awake from their hibernal diapause in late April to early June, but will not leave their overwintering burrows until late June. Hibernal diapause is a delayed development that occurs in many insects where there is no growth and feeding of larvae, embryonic and pupal development stops, and mating, reproduction, and egg development of adults does not occur.  Nests are established by a single female bee, who has mated and laid eggs last spring, called the foundress, but there have also been instances where multiple bees may start a nest together.  The foundress will forage for several weeks in early June to provide for the first brood which will be composed of mostly of small females, who become workers, and a few males  Once the workers have emerged, they start to forage and will produce their own reproductive brood that is composed of both males and females. The females in this group are called gynes and they are those that overwinter and enter hibernal diapause to become foundresses the following spring  and after they emerge they mate and dig an overwintering tunnel beneath the one they came from and enter diapause.H. ligatus are mass provisoners meaning that they will construct a mass of pollen and nectar which will be the sole source of food for the developing larva and the larvae will not pupate until they have consumed the entire pollen mass. Daughters of the first brood may become non-reproductive helpers that either forage or stay in their natal nest to assist the queen in raising the next brood, or will reproduce in their natal nest, will find other nests to reproduce in, or enter diapause early and become a foundress in the next spring. In most cases, when there are larger colonies,  queens will produce the eggs that become males wheres workers will produce gyne destined eggs. Within a single foundress colony the average relatedness is 0.5, implying that the queens will use equal amounts of sperm from two males that are not related. This is only able to occur because workers have maintained their ancestral abilities of being able to breed independently, which has direct fitness benefits for the worker through reproduction and indirect fitness benefits by being able to help relatives. This is why, in larger colonies, workers are more likely to reproduce as it increases the genetic diversity of the nest allowing for a better proliferation of the species.

Paragraph 4: The life cycle of H. ligatus consists of two main stages: the overwintering and the active stage. The nest, which occurs within burrows in the ground or rotting wood, begins to become active and bees awake from their hibernal diapause in late April to early June, but will not leave their overwintering burrows until late June. Hibernal diapause is a delayed development that occurs in many insects where there is no growth and feeding of larvae, embryonic and pupal development stops, and mating, reproduction, and egg development of adults does not occur.  Nests are established by a single female bee, who has mated and laid eggs last spring, called the foundress, but there have also been instances where multiple bees may start a nest together.  The foundress will forage for several weeks in early June to provide for the first brood which will be composed of mostly of small females, who become workers, and a few males  Once the workers have emerged, they start to forage and will produce their own reproductive brood that is composed of both males and females. The females in this group are called gynes and they are those that overwinter and enter hibernal diapause to become foundresses the following spring  and after they emerge they mate and dig an overwintering tunnel beneath the one they came from and enter diapause.H. ligatus are mass provisoners meaning that they will construct a mass of pollen and nectar which will be the sole source of food for the developing larva and the larvae will not pupate until they have consumed the entire pollen mass. Daughters of the first brood may become non-reproductive helpers that either forage or stay in their natal nest to assist the queen in raising the next brood, or will reproduce in their natal nest, will find other nests to reproduce in, or enter diapause early and become a foundress in the next spring. In most cases, when there are larger colonies,  queens will produce the eggs that become males wheres workers will produce gyne destined eggs. Within a single foundress colony the average relatedness is 0.5, implying that the queens will use equal amounts of sperm from two males that are not related. This is only able to occur because workers have maintained their ancestral abilities of being able to breed independently, which has direct fitness benefits for the worker through reproduction and indirect fitness benefits by being able to help relatives. This is why, in larger colonies, workers are more likely to reproduce as it increases the genetic diversity of the nest allowing for a better proliferation of the species.

Paragraph 5: Ștefan Grigorie was born on 31 January 1982 in Segarcea, Romania, starting his career at Universitatea Craiova, making his Divizia A debut on 2 June 1999 in a 1–0 loss against CSM Reșița. He was loaned for a half of year in 2000 at neighboring Craiova team, Electro in Divizia B, afterwards returning at Universitatea where he made his European competitions debut in the 2001 Intertoto Cup, scoring five goals in four appearances. Grigorie was transferred at Dinamo București, helping the club win the 2003–04 Divizia A, being used by coach Ioan Andone in 25 matches in which he scored 8 goals. During his four seasons spent with The Red Dogs in which developed an appetite for goals, scoring 30 goals in 101 Divizia A matches, he also won three Cupa României, scoring the only goal from the 2005 final against Farul Constanța, won a Supercupa României and helped the team eliminate Everton with 5–2 on aggregate, reaching the group stage of the 2005–06 UEFA Cup. In the summer of 2006 he was bought together with Dan Alexa from Dinamo by Politehnica Timișoara where he spent only one season, not accommodating, being transferred at Rapid București in exchange for Ionel Ganea. He spent 6 seasons with the Giuleștenii, playing a total of 136 Divizia A matches, scoring 13 goals and won the 2007 Supercupa României. In 2013, Grigorie had his first and only experience outside Romania, playing for half of year in the Cypriot First Division at Apollon Limassol, afterwards returning to play in Divizia A for three years and a half at FC Brașov, Concordia Chiajna and CSMS Iași. He ended his career by spending two seasons in Liga II at FC Brașov and UTA Arad. Ștefan Grigorie has a total of 368 Divizia A matches in which he scored 59 goals and 38 appearances with 5 goals scored in European competitions (including 4 appearances and 5 goals in the Intertoto Cup).

Paragraph 6: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 7: Behind Volage and Danaé, the Venetian Corona had engaged Cerberus in a close range duel, during which Cerberus took heavy damage but inflicted similar injuries on the Italian ship. This exchange continued until the arrival of Active caused the Danaé, Corona and Carolina to sheer off and retreat to the east. To the rear, Amphion succeeded in closing with and raking Flore, and caused such damage that within five minutes the French ship's officers threw the French colours overboard in surrender. Captain Péridier had been seriously wounded in the action, and took no part in Flore'''s later movements. Amphion then attacked Bellona and in an engagement that lasted until 12:00, forced the Italian ship's surrender. During this combat, the small ship Principessa Augusta fired on Amphion from a distance, until the frigate was able to turn a gun on them and drive them off. Hoste sent a punt to take possession of Bellona but due to the damage suffered was unable to launch a boat to seize Flore. Realising Amphion's difficulty, the officers of Flore, who had made hasty repairs during the conflict between Amphion and Bellona, immediately set sail for the French harbour on Lesina (Hvar), despite having already surrendered.Active, the only British ship still in fighting condition, took up pursuit of the retreating enemy and at 12:30 caught the Corona in the channel between Lissa and the small island of Spalmadon. The frigates manoeuvred around one another for the next hour; captains Gordon and Pasqualigo each seeking the best position from which to engage. The frigates engaged in combat at 13.45, Active forcing Coronas surrender 45 minutes later after a fire broke out aboard the Italian ship. Active too had suffered severely and as the British squadron was not strong enough to continue the action by attacking the remaining squadron in its protected harbour on Lesina, the battle came to an end. The survivors of the Franco-Venetian squadron had all reached safety; Carolina and Danaé had used the conflict between Active and Corona to cover their escape while Flore had indicated to each British ship she passed that she had surrendered and was in British possession despite the absence of a British officer on board. Once Flore was clear of the British squadron she headed for safety, reaching the batteries of Lesina shortly after her Carolina and Danaé and ahead of the limping British pursuit. The smaller craft of the Franco-Venetian squadron scattered during the battle's final stages and reached Lesina independently.

Paragraph 8: One thing many people did not know was that at a young age Brady suffered from a bout of Scarlet Fever robbing him of his hearing in his left ear and minimal hearing in his right.  Bob  played  just  one  year  of  high  school  baseball,  his  junior  season.  This  was  due  to  the  fact  that  the  high  school  had  not  sponsored  a  baseball  program  since  1936  and  Bob  left  high  school  in  the  spring  of  his  senior  year  to  play  minor  league  ball  for  Williamsport.  Brady,  along  with  his  team,  had  an  outstanding  1940  campaign  as  the  Panthers  went  9 – 1  under  coach  Jay  M.  Riden.    A  2 – 0  loss  to  Juniata  Joint  was  the  only  blemish  of  the  season.  In  10  games,  Bob  had  17  hits  in  38  at – bats  for  a  .447  average.    He  drove – in  10  runs  and  scored  nine.  The  left – handed  hitter  also  stroked  four  doubles  and  had  three  triples.    He  played  mostly  first  base  but  also  saw  time  in  the  outfield  and  caught  in  one  game.  On  August 24, 1946  Bob  played  in  his  first  major  league  game  for  the  Boston  Braves,  now  known  as  the  Atlanta  Braves.  Brady  appeared  in  two  more  games  that  season,  going  1 – for – 5  at  the  plate.   He  also  drew  a  walk.  In  1947  Brady  appeared  in  just  one  game,  that  coming  on  April  17,  going  hitless  in  just  one  at – bat.  That  game  was  to  be  Bob’s  final  one  on  the  major  league  level.

Paragraph 9: Ștefan Grigorie was born on 31 January 1982 in Segarcea, Romania, starting his career at Universitatea Craiova, making his Divizia A debut on 2 June 1999 in a 1–0 loss against CSM Reșița. He was loaned for a half of year in 2000 at neighboring Craiova team, Electro in Divizia B, afterwards returning at Universitatea where he made his European competitions debut in the 2001 Intertoto Cup, scoring five goals in four appearances. Grigorie was transferred at Dinamo București, helping the club win the 2003–04 Divizia A, being used by coach Ioan Andone in 25 matches in which he scored 8 goals. During his four seasons spent with The Red Dogs in which developed an appetite for goals, scoring 30 goals in 101 Divizia A matches, he also won three Cupa României, scoring the only goal from the 2005 final against Farul Constanța, won a Supercupa României and helped the team eliminate Everton with 5–2 on aggregate, reaching the group stage of the 2005–06 UEFA Cup. In the summer of 2006 he was bought together with Dan Alexa from Dinamo by Politehnica Timișoara where he spent only one season, not accommodating, being transferred at Rapid București in exchange for Ionel Ganea. He spent 6 seasons with the Giuleștenii, playing a total of 136 Divizia A matches, scoring 13 goals and won the 2007 Supercupa României. In 2013, Grigorie had his first and only experience outside Romania, playing for half of year in the Cypriot First Division at Apollon Limassol, afterwards returning to play in Divizia A for three years and a half at FC Brașov, Concordia Chiajna and CSMS Iași. He ended his career by spending two seasons in Liga II at FC Brașov and UTA Arad. Ștefan Grigorie has a total of 368 Divizia A matches in which he scored 59 goals and 38 appearances with 5 goals scored in European competitions (including 4 appearances and 5 goals in the Intertoto Cup).

Paragraph 10: By the terms of the Treaty of Berlin (1878), Southern Bulgaria (named Eastern Roumelia) was separated from the newly formed Bulgarian state and returned to the Ottoman Empire with partial autonomy. Bulgarian citizens considered the decisions of the Berlin Treaty to be unfair and began a peaceful demonstration against them. At first the plan was to annex all territories that Bulgaria had gained after the Treaty of San Stefano but later it became clear that was impossible because of the unsuitable international situation. The Bulgarians had to leave Macedonia and the rest of Thrace and concentrate on the East Roumelian issue. The first actions were taken in 1880 but the sharpened political situation, economic instability and the low prestige of the Bulgarian country delayed the resolution of the so-called "national question". In 1884 the "Macedonian committees" were the main body working on the unsolved problem. On 10 February 1885 led by Zahari Stoyanov a group of former revolutionaries founded in Plovdiv (the capital of Eastern Roumelia) a secret committee known as BSCRC – Bulgarian Secret Central Revolutionary Committee (). It had regulations and programs which were connected to the organisation led by Vasil Levski, Hristo Botev and Lyuben Karavelov before the Liberation. After a few months BSCRC had improved their plan for actions and organised some public events on dates significant to Bulgarians. The conference in Dermendare (Parvanets) on 24–26 July and the next meeting on 23 August declared what should be done and exactly how to proceed. On 5 September 1885 the people rose in Goliamo Konare (Saedinenie) and after arresting the prefect of Plovdiv the militia advanced toward the capital. On 6 September the palace in Plovdiv was surrounded. The governor Gavril Krastevich did not alert the Turks in Istanbul and proclaimed his support of the people's cause. A temporary government headed by Georgi Stranski took control of the situation and armed forces were commanded by major Danail Nikolaev who began preparation for war with the Ottoman Empire. On 8 September knyaz Alexander received a telegram in the old capital Tarnovo which he was already expecting. His army was prepared and waiting for a signal. He agreed to become a leader of the Unified Bulgaria. On the next day (9 September) the knyaz arrived in Plovdiv and the temporary government was dismissed. Diplomatic efforts failed and Bulgaria had to defend its interests on the battlefield in the Serbo-Bulgarian War where the Bulgarians were victorious.

Paragraph 11: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 12: For several years Egypt had been wracked by the Fourth Fitna and Zacharias had halted payments of the baqt. Once Ibrahim had gained control over Egypt he demanded the baqt be resumed and the payment of all arrears. In an attempt to reduce these demands, Georgios was sent to meet the Caliph. It is not certain if he traveled all the way to Baghdad or whether he simply went to Cairo; either way his journey had a major effect, and a new treaty was signed canceling the arrears and changing the terms of the baqt so that it only needed to be paid once every three years.

Paragraph 13: Iceberg B-15 was the largest recorded iceberg by area. It measured around , with a surface area of , about the size of the island of Jamaica. Calved from the Ross Ice Shelf of Antarctica in March 2000, Iceberg B-15 broke up into smaller icebergs, the largest of which was named Iceberg B-15-A. In 2003, B-15A drifted away from Ross Island into the Ross Sea and headed north, eventually breaking up into several smaller icebergs in October 2005. In 2018, a large piece of the original iceberg was steadily moving northward, located between the Falkland Islands and South Georgia Island. As of December 2022, the U.S. National Ice Center (USNIC) still lists one extant piece of B-15 that meets the minimum threshold for tracking (). This iceberg, B-15ab, measures ; it is currently grounded off the coast of Antarctica in the western sector of the Amery region.

Paragraph 14: The SVD of a squared matrix  reads , with  unitary matrices, and  a diagonal, positive semi-definite matrix. By simply inserting an additional pair of s or s, we obtain the two forms of the polar decomposition of :More generally, if  is some rectangular  matrix, its SVD can be written as  where now  and  are isometries with dimensions  and , respectively, where , and  is again a diagonal positive semi-definite squared matrix with dimensions . We can now apply the same reasoning used in the above equation to write , but now  is not in general unitary. Nonetheless,  has the same support and range as , and it satisfies  and . This makes  into an isometry when its action is restricted onto the support of , that is, it means that  is a partial isometry.

Paragraph 15: Daniel Judson Callaghan (July 26, 1890 – November 13, 1942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. In a three-decades-long career, he served his country in two wars. Callaghan served on several ships during his first 20 years of service, including escort duties during World War I, and also filled some shore-based administrative roles. He later came to the attention of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who appointed Callaghan as his naval aide in 1938. A few years later, he returned to command duties during the early stages of World War II. An enemy shell killed Callaghan on the bridge of his flagship, , during a surface action against a larger Japanese force off Savo Island. The battle ended in a strategic victory for the Allied side.

Paragraph 16: The SVD of a squared matrix  reads , with  unitary matrices, and  a diagonal, positive semi-definite matrix. By simply inserting an additional pair of s or s, we obtain the two forms of the polar decomposition of :More generally, if  is some rectangular  matrix, its SVD can be written as  where now  and  are isometries with dimensions  and , respectively, where , and  is again a diagonal positive semi-definite squared matrix with dimensions . We can now apply the same reasoning used in the above equation to write , but now  is not in general unitary. Nonetheless,  has the same support and range as , and it satisfies  and . This makes  into an isometry when its action is restricted onto the support of , that is, it means that  is a partial isometry.

Paragraph 17: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 18: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 19: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 20: Daniel Judson Callaghan (July 26, 1890 – November 13, 1942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal. In a three-decades-long career, he served his country in two wars. Callaghan served on several ships during his first 20 years of service, including escort duties during World War I, and also filled some shore-based administrative roles. He later came to the attention of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who appointed Callaghan as his naval aide in 1938. A few years later, he returned to command duties during the early stages of World War II. An enemy shell killed Callaghan on the bridge of his flagship, , during a surface action against a larger Japanese force off Savo Island. The battle ended in a strategic victory for the Allied side.

Paragraph 21: As 1939 turned into 1940, the division became caught up in an effort to address manpower shortages among the British Expeditionary Force's (BEF) rear-echelon units. More men were needed to work along the line of communication, and the army had estimated that by mid-1940 it would need at least 60,000 pioneers. The lack of such men had taxed the Royal Engineers (RE) and Auxiliary Military Pioneer Corps (AMPC) as well as impacting frontline units, which had to be diverted from training to help construct defensive positions along the Franco-Belgian border. To address this issue, it was decided to deploy untrained territorial units as an unskilled workforce; thereby alleviating the strain on the existing pioneer units and freeing up regular units to complete training. As a result, the decision was made to deploy the 12th (Eastern), 23rd (Northumbrian), and the 46th Infantry Divisions to France. Each division would leave their heavy equipment and most of their logistical, administrative, and support units behind. In total, the elements of the three divisions that were transported to France amounted to 18,347 men. The divisions were to aid in the construction of airfields and pill-boxes. The intent was that by August their job would be completed and they could return to the United Kingdom to resume training before being redeployed to France as front-line soldiers. The Army believed that this diversion from guard duty would also raise morale. Lionel Ellis, the author of the British official history of the BEF in France, wrote that while the divisions "were neither fully trained nor equipped for fighting ... a balanced programme of training was carried out so far as time permitted". Historian Tim Lynch commented that the deployment also had a political dimension, allowing "British politicians to tell their French counterparts that Britain had supplied three more infantry divisions towards the promised nineteen by the end of the year".

Paragraph 22: Behind Volage and Danaé, the Venetian Corona had engaged Cerberus in a close range duel, during which Cerberus took heavy damage but inflicted similar injuries on the Italian ship. This exchange continued until the arrival of Active caused the Danaé, Corona and Carolina to sheer off and retreat to the east. To the rear, Amphion succeeded in closing with and raking Flore, and caused such damage that within five minutes the French ship's officers threw the French colours overboard in surrender. Captain Péridier had been seriously wounded in the action, and took no part in Flore'''s later movements. Amphion then attacked Bellona and in an engagement that lasted until 12:00, forced the Italian ship's surrender. During this combat, the small ship Principessa Augusta fired on Amphion from a distance, until the frigate was able to turn a gun on them and drive them off. Hoste sent a punt to take possession of Bellona but due to the damage suffered was unable to launch a boat to seize Flore. Realising Amphion's difficulty, the officers of Flore, who had made hasty repairs during the conflict between Amphion and Bellona, immediately set sail for the French harbour on Lesina (Hvar), despite having already surrendered.Active, the only British ship still in fighting condition, took up pursuit of the retreating enemy and at 12:30 caught the Corona in the channel between Lissa and the small island of Spalmadon. The frigates manoeuvred around one another for the next hour; captains Gordon and Pasqualigo each seeking the best position from which to engage. The frigates engaged in combat at 13.45, Active forcing Coronas surrender 45 minutes later after a fire broke out aboard the Italian ship. Active too had suffered severely and as the British squadron was not strong enough to continue the action by attacking the remaining squadron in its protected harbour on Lesina, the battle came to an end. The survivors of the Franco-Venetian squadron had all reached safety; Carolina and Danaé had used the conflict between Active and Corona to cover their escape while Flore had indicated to each British ship she passed that she had surrendered and was in British possession despite the absence of a British officer on board. Once Flore was clear of the British squadron she headed for safety, reaching the batteries of Lesina shortly after her Carolina and Danaé and ahead of the limping British pursuit. The smaller craft of the Franco-Venetian squadron scattered during the battle's final stages and reached Lesina independently.