Paragraph 1: He moved to the Providence Grays in 1878 and remained there for the next seven years. He thrived in his first season with the team in 62 games played, leading the league in batting average (.358), home runs (four), runs batted in (fifty), OPS (.849), and total bases (125). As the category of runs batted in (RBI) was not generally recognized at the time, Hines was only given credit as the first "Triple Crown" winner years later. On May 8, 1878, he took part in what is believed to an unassisted triple play. Playing at home in the Messer Street Grounds against Boston, runners Jack Manning and Ezra Sutton were on third and second base, respectively; Jack Burdock was up to bat with no outs. Burdock hit a short fly to left field that Hines ran hard to catch for an out, and he ran all the way to third base to get Manning out. What is in dispute is whether Sutton had in fact rounded third base. The rules of the time stated that if both players had passed third base, runners would be out if the fielder had caught a fly ball and then stepped on third base. However, second baseman Charles Sweasy was quoted as stating that he had assisted Hines when Sutton had apparently reached third base and tried to run back to second base, as Hines threw the ball to Sweasy at second base. First baseman Tim Murnane had stated that it was all done by Hines, even stating so when he became a sportswriter for the Boston Globe. For his part, Sutton described himself as having been twenty feet away from third base when the ball was caught. The play remains a subject for researchers to discuss, with even official MLB historian John Thorn believing that the play was indeed unassisted (although the official MLB website does not recognize it). The scoresheet for the game does not survive as well.

Paragraph 2: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 3: At the start of the year Limerick were given little chance of success by most of the pundits and commentators.  The last time the team won a game in the provincial championship was 2001 and few gave them any chance against Tipperary, their opponents in the Munster semi-final.  26,000 people witnessed that game with Tipp looking the likely winners. A goal from substitute Pat Tobin brought Limerick level to 1–19 late on to send the game to a replay.  Early in the second half of the replay it looked as if Tipperary were going to run out the easy winners when they led by ten points.  Limerick fought back to level the game by the final whistle.  A period of extra time was played, however, after 160-minutes of hurling the sides couldn't be separated.  Result: Tipperary 2–12 – Limerick 1–24.  Eight days later both sides met for the third time.  Remarkably, after the seventy minutes had been played both sides were still level and another period of extra time had to be played.  After a three-game saga watched by over 80,000 people Limerick claimed their first victory in the provincial championship in six years when they won by 0–22 to 2–13.  The reward for this victory was a Munster final meeting with Waterford.  It was their first appearance in the provincial decider since 2001 and the first Limerick-Waterford Munster final since 1934.  The game saw Waterford's Dan Shanahan run riot and capture three goals as Limerick were well beaten by 3–17 to 1–14.  In spite of this Limerick still qualified for the All-Ireland quarter-final where they were drawn to play their near-neighbours Clare.  Limerick were the favourites going into the game in spite of having lost quarter-finals in 2001, 2005 and 2006.  The favourites tag was well justified and they won more comfortably than the 1–23 to 1–16 score line suggests.  This win set up a rematch with Waterford in the All-Ireland semi-final.  Having lost the Munster final to them, Waterford were the red-hot favourites going into the game.  In spite of their underdog status Limerick produced an incredible display of goalpoaching to defeat Waterford by 5–11 to 2–15 in a thrilling All-Ireland semi-final.  It was heart-breaking for Waterford who had to suffer a fourth defeat at the penultimate stage of the championship inside nine years.

Paragraph 4: The First Samnite War ended in 341 with a negotiated peace and renewal of the former treaty between Rome and the Samnites. Rome retained her Campanian alliance, but accepted that the Sidicini belonged to the Samnite sphere. According to Livy, once peace with Rome had been concluded, the Samnites attacked the Sidicini with the same forces they had deployed against Rome. Facing defeat, the Sidicini tried to surrender themselves to Rome, but their surrender was rejected by the senate as coming far too late. The Sidicini then turned to the Latins who had already taken up arms on their own account. The Campani joined the war as well, and led by the Latins a large army of these allied peoples invaded Samnium. Most of the damage they dealt there to the Samnites was done by raiding rather than fighting, and although the Latins got the better in their various encounters with the Samnites, they were happy to retire from enemy territory and fight no further. The Samnites sent envoys to Rome to complain and demand that if the Latins and Campani really were subject peoples of Rome, Rome should use her authority over them to prevent further attacks on Samnite territory. The Roman senate gave an ambiguous reply, being both unwilling to acknowledge that they could no longer control the Latins and afraid of alienating them further by ordering them to stop their attacks on the Samnites. The Campani had surrendered to Rome and must obey her will, however there was nothing in Rome's treaty with the Latins preventing them from going to war against whomever they wanted. The result of this reply was to completely turn the Campani against Rome and encourage the Latins to take action. In the guise of preparing a Samnite war, the Latins plotted in secret with the Campani for war against Rome. However, news of their plans got out, and at Rome the sitting consuls for 341 were ordered to leave office before the expiry of their term, so that the new consuls could enter office early in preparation for the major war that was brewing. The consuls elected for 340 were Titus Manlius Torquatus, for the third time, and Publius Decius Mus. The annually elected consuls were the chief magistrates of the Roman Republic, and responsible for commanding Rome's armies in times of war.

Paragraph 5: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 6: Vikings returned to Galicia in 859, beginning what seems to have been a three-year campaign, during the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias. The main source for these events are Arabic histories compiled by Ibn Ḥayyān in the eleventh century, though some near-contemporary Latin sources also mention the events, and later Latin sources offer more elaborate, but less reliable, accounts. In the assessment of Ann Christys, what can be known about the Viking raids on Iberia in 859-61 is thatThe expedition of 859–861, like that of 844, seems to have involved a single band of adventurers. Returning to the scene of Viking incursions in northern Iberia and al-Andalus, but meeting with little success, they sailed on to raid targets on the shores of the Mediterranean. Here they may have taken captives for ransom or to trade as slaves. Vikings seem to have over-wintered in Francia, perhaps waiting on the northern shore of the Mediterranean for favourable tides and currents to exit the sea through the Straits of Gibraltar. They may even have sailed to Italy, Alexandria and Constantinople.Some historians have given credence, however, to a range of accounts in late sources about raids in this period as evidence for this Viking incursion. Yet different sources mention different figures; not all potentially relevant raids recounted were necessarily by Vikings; and the sources are likely more to reflect the political context in which they were composed than actual events in 859–61. For example, on the basis of an account by Al-Bakrī it has been supposed that in 859 or 860, Vikings sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor, and defeated a Moorish army. The raiders have been identified as the legendary Hastein and Björn Ironside, but this is based on modern extrapolation from already altogether unreliable medieval sources. There was a well-attested raid on Constantinople in 860, which may have been by Vikings and which has been associated with the raids on Iberia, but there is no evidence that the raid on Constantinople was by the same people who were active in the western Mediterranean at the time. Moreover, it is plausible that the Constantinople raiders came from the north by the river-routes running from the Baltic into the Black Sea (known in Old Norse as the Austrvegr). A story about an attack in the period 859–61 on Banbalūna (which could mean modern Pamplona but also the whole kingdom of Navarre), again, may or may not reflect activities of Vikings.

Paragraph 7: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 8: He moved to the Providence Grays in 1878 and remained there for the next seven years. He thrived in his first season with the team in 62 games played, leading the league in batting average (.358), home runs (four), runs batted in (fifty), OPS (.849), and total bases (125). As the category of runs batted in (RBI) was not generally recognized at the time, Hines was only given credit as the first "Triple Crown" winner years later. On May 8, 1878, he took part in what is believed to an unassisted triple play. Playing at home in the Messer Street Grounds against Boston, runners Jack Manning and Ezra Sutton were on third and second base, respectively; Jack Burdock was up to bat with no outs. Burdock hit a short fly to left field that Hines ran hard to catch for an out, and he ran all the way to third base to get Manning out. What is in dispute is whether Sutton had in fact rounded third base. The rules of the time stated that if both players had passed third base, runners would be out if the fielder had caught a fly ball and then stepped on third base. However, second baseman Charles Sweasy was quoted as stating that he had assisted Hines when Sutton had apparently reached third base and tried to run back to second base, as Hines threw the ball to Sweasy at second base. First baseman Tim Murnane had stated that it was all done by Hines, even stating so when he became a sportswriter for the Boston Globe. For his part, Sutton described himself as having been twenty feet away from third base when the ball was caught. The play remains a subject for researchers to discuss, with even official MLB historian John Thorn believing that the play was indeed unassisted (although the official MLB website does not recognize it). The scoresheet for the game does not survive as well.

Paragraph 9: The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations The Best of Both Worlds (1997) and The Best of Marillion (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras. Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk on Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy". This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004. In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from Holidays in Eden, was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).

Paragraph 10: TRIM5α is present in the cytosol. It recognizes motifs within viral capsid proteins, which causes the TRIM5α to smother the (not yet uncoated) capsid in a reticulatory way so as to form a repeating regular hexagonal net, two sides of each hexagon being made up of two spokes of a three-way hub and spoke trimer and consequently to interfere with the viral capsid uncoating process, thereby preventing (1) transport of the viral genome to the host cell nucleus and (2) successful reverse transcription. The exact mechanism of action has not been shown conclusively, but capsid protein from restricted viruses (that is viruses which are the subject of TRIM5α intervention) is removed by proteasome-dependent degradation. The TRIM5α, once formed into its highly regular reticulatory net recruits ubiquitin for this purpose, which, in turn engages the proteasome.

Paragraph 11: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 12: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 13: In 1984, after he left politics he joined the Toronto Sun as publisher and CEO. In 1991 he succeeded founder Douglas Creighton as president and chief operating officer of Toronto Sun Publishing. In 1992 he became CEO of Toronto Sun Publishing replacing founder Doug Creighton. Creighton was forced to resign by the board of directors and the parent company, Maclean Hunter. In 1996, Godfrey led a successful attempt by Sun management to buy back control, allowing it to become an independent entity once again. Two years later, Godfrey organized a deal with Conrad Black to swap the Financial Post with four daily newspapers in southwestern Ontario. These included the Hamilton Spectator, Kitchener-Waterloo Record, Guelph Mercury, and Cambridge Reporter. In October 1998, Sun Media was approached by Torstar Corporation in an unsolicited takeover bid for $748 million. Godfrey said he was surprised by the move. Two months later Quebecor Media Inc. made a higher and eventually more successful bid for a reported $983 million. Godfrey was a key figure in seeking out Quebecor as an alternative buyer. After the sale, Quebecor, initially heralded as a "white knight" buyer, forced Godfrey to cut 180 jobs from his newspaper. In November 2000, Godfrey announced that he was stepping down as CEO of Sun Media. There was some speculation that he was uncomfortable while under the control of Quebecor. He remained on the board of Sun Media.

Paragraph 14: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 15: The album received mostly positive reviews, but also mixed reviews from several critics. Already Heard rated the album 2.5 out of 5 and stated, "Working from the standard metalcore template new album Helix has the potential to succeed, throwing a whole host of electronics and wild vocal ideas into the mix. Listening to it is like reaching blindly into a party bag, surprising but ultimately, disappointing." Carlos Zelaya from Dead Press! rated the album positively calling it: "Crystal Lake clearly have plenty of dexterity and talent in abundance, but sometimes you're left wishing they could flex their left-field muscles a little more. To say that Helix is a bad album would be totally unfair, but at worst, parts of this album leave a lot to be desired. Including more songs such as 'Aeon' would be a big improvement for sure. The metalcore scene is only getting more and more crowded, and you've got to offer more than occasional glitchy bits in order to truly stand out." Distorted Sound scored the album 9 out of 10 and said: "Helix is a compacted explosion of crazy, eccentric lunacy which will leave you reeling for the majority of its run time. If you doubted that CRYSTAL LAKE could match the intensity of 'Aeon' for a full album then you couldn't be more wrong. There are few bands which could come close to matching the sheer energy expelled from this release and there is no doubt that jaws will be dropping all over the world when this album hits the shelves." Joe Smith-Engelhardt of Exclaim! gave it 7 out of 10 and said: "Although Helix has some truly spectacular moments, it's sullied by trying to be too many things. Whether Crystal Lake want to be one of the heaviest metalcore acts or take a stab at a cleaner, electronic-leaning sound they should come to a consensus on who they are in order to have a more cohesive approach." Alex Sievers from KillYourStereo gave the album 70 out of 100 and said: "Metalcore absolutely needs bands like Crystal Lake, and not just in terms of their output, but in terms of their successes too. However, when a record like Helix doesn't quite live up to the hype, and manages to both be different and creative yet also rather safe and expected, it's best to be honest and not see how blindly loyal one can be. Although, the good present here truly outweighs the lacking and the bad, so please don't skip over this one." New Noise gave the album 3.5 out of 5 and stated: "Helix is a very interesting record, but it also feels like a transition point for greater pastures ahead. It hints that the next step for Crystal Lake is likely a groovier take on melodic hardcore, and the fact that they do that very well on this record is cause for further optimism." New Transcendence gave the album a perfect score 10/10 and saying: "To sum things up, I think of a few things. One, this was a perfect way to evolve from True North. Elements of the past work still show in Helix, while also showing that Helix in and of itself is a masterpiece. The way things are handled just adds even more depth to the album. From the samples to instrumentals, everything works together more efficiently than before. Two, its just nice to see some experimentation done. Hearing Aeon was like a slap in my face of what Crystal Lake could achieve. I was beyond pleased, and as a vocalist who primarily is involved in deathcore/slam, hearing Ryo's range blossom even more and branching into high screams and gutturals was insane. Not to mention, instrumentally as a whole, that track blew me away." Rock 'N' Load praised the album saying, "The fifth album from Japan's premier metalcore brigade is an absolute belter, from the cyborg intro 'Helix' to the final strains of 'Sanctuary' it just melts faces with serious speed, power and absolute precision."

Paragraph 16: Vikings returned to Galicia in 859, beginning what seems to have been a three-year campaign, during the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias. The main source for these events are Arabic histories compiled by Ibn Ḥayyān in the eleventh century, though some near-contemporary Latin sources also mention the events, and later Latin sources offer more elaborate, but less reliable, accounts. In the assessment of Ann Christys, what can be known about the Viking raids on Iberia in 859-61 is thatThe expedition of 859–861, like that of 844, seems to have involved a single band of adventurers. Returning to the scene of Viking incursions in northern Iberia and al-Andalus, but meeting with little success, they sailed on to raid targets on the shores of the Mediterranean. Here they may have taken captives for ransom or to trade as slaves. Vikings seem to have over-wintered in Francia, perhaps waiting on the northern shore of the Mediterranean for favourable tides and currents to exit the sea through the Straits of Gibraltar. They may even have sailed to Italy, Alexandria and Constantinople.Some historians have given credence, however, to a range of accounts in late sources about raids in this period as evidence for this Viking incursion. Yet different sources mention different figures; not all potentially relevant raids recounted were necessarily by Vikings; and the sources are likely more to reflect the political context in which they were composed than actual events in 859–61. For example, on the basis of an account by Al-Bakrī it has been supposed that in 859 or 860, Vikings sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor, and defeated a Moorish army. The raiders have been identified as the legendary Hastein and Björn Ironside, but this is based on modern extrapolation from already altogether unreliable medieval sources. There was a well-attested raid on Constantinople in 860, which may have been by Vikings and which has been associated with the raids on Iberia, but there is no evidence that the raid on Constantinople was by the same people who were active in the western Mediterranean at the time. Moreover, it is plausible that the Constantinople raiders came from the north by the river-routes running from the Baltic into the Black Sea (known in Old Norse as the Austrvegr). A story about an attack in the period 859–61 on Banbalūna (which could mean modern Pamplona but also the whole kingdom of Navarre), again, may or may not reflect activities of Vikings.

Paragraph 17: The First Samnite War ended in 341 with a negotiated peace and renewal of the former treaty between Rome and the Samnites. Rome retained her Campanian alliance, but accepted that the Sidicini belonged to the Samnite sphere. According to Livy, once peace with Rome had been concluded, the Samnites attacked the Sidicini with the same forces they had deployed against Rome. Facing defeat, the Sidicini tried to surrender themselves to Rome, but their surrender was rejected by the senate as coming far too late. The Sidicini then turned to the Latins who had already taken up arms on their own account. The Campani joined the war as well, and led by the Latins a large army of these allied peoples invaded Samnium. Most of the damage they dealt there to the Samnites was done by raiding rather than fighting, and although the Latins got the better in their various encounters with the Samnites, they were happy to retire from enemy territory and fight no further. The Samnites sent envoys to Rome to complain and demand that if the Latins and Campani really were subject peoples of Rome, Rome should use her authority over them to prevent further attacks on Samnite territory. The Roman senate gave an ambiguous reply, being both unwilling to acknowledge that they could no longer control the Latins and afraid of alienating them further by ordering them to stop their attacks on the Samnites. The Campani had surrendered to Rome and must obey her will, however there was nothing in Rome's treaty with the Latins preventing them from going to war against whomever they wanted. The result of this reply was to completely turn the Campani against Rome and encourage the Latins to take action. In the guise of preparing a Samnite war, the Latins plotted in secret with the Campani for war against Rome. However, news of their plans got out, and at Rome the sitting consuls for 341 were ordered to leave office before the expiry of their term, so that the new consuls could enter office early in preparation for the major war that was brewing. The consuls elected for 340 were Titus Manlius Torquatus, for the third time, and Publius Decius Mus. The annually elected consuls were the chief magistrates of the Roman Republic, and responsible for commanding Rome's armies in times of war.

Paragraph 18: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 19: A traumatic brain injury is defined as a blunt non-missile penetrating or missile injury to the head. It has been shown that the extent of the damage incurred after a head trauma correlates more directly with the amount of deformation incurred by the brain than the amount of stress per area applied to the head. There are two modes of axotomy that can occur as a result of a TBI. Primary axotomy occurs immediately and is characterized as complete mechanical transaction of axons. More often, secondary axotomy occurs, evolving over time and ultimately leading to disconnection. While this type of injury is often irreversible, the axons do occasionally recover. Researchers are currently working towards utilizing this potential for recovery to develop therapies for patients with traumatic brain injuries. These therapies rely on the scientific understanding of the axotomy response. Two mechanisms that aid in the reinnervation process are acute inflammation and the activation of molecules in the extracellular matrix surrounding the synapse.  Immediate acute inflammation leads to the removal of the severed axons by activating the local glia. The inflammation response also recruits growth factors that aid in the repopulation of postsynaptic sites. The negative effects of this inflammation may be difficult to detect immediately post injury. Inflammation of the head is often slow to onset after injury, and can lead to a fatal rise in cerebral pressure. A recently discovered and understood cytokine is currently being used to try to treat the axotomy before the rise in pressure occurs.  This cytokine, called osteopontin, may be able to aid in axon regeneration by exposing its integrin receptor binding sites. Osteopontin secretion may be able to regulate synaptogenesis and target the necessary neuroglia required for the repair of the axons. A study done by Julie L. Chan proves the functionality of osteopontin in initiating the immune response necessary for synaptic repair and reorganization after injury (axotomy). Though the study effectively proved the functionality of osteopontin in diminishing the intense inflammatory response following a traumatic brain injury, it did not provide evidence of the long-term effects of implanting this as a treatment option. Altering the inflammatory response may unintentional halt the beneficial aspects of inflammation and have devastating effects on the brain's ability to heal itself.

Paragraph 20: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 21: TRIM5α is present in the cytosol. It recognizes motifs within viral capsid proteins, which causes the TRIM5α to smother the (not yet uncoated) capsid in a reticulatory way so as to form a repeating regular hexagonal net, two sides of each hexagon being made up of two spokes of a three-way hub and spoke trimer and consequently to interfere with the viral capsid uncoating process, thereby preventing (1) transport of the viral genome to the host cell nucleus and (2) successful reverse transcription. The exact mechanism of action has not been shown conclusively, but capsid protein from restricted viruses (that is viruses which are the subject of TRIM5α intervention) is removed by proteasome-dependent degradation. The TRIM5α, once formed into its highly regular reticulatory net recruits ubiquitin for this purpose, which, in turn engages the proteasome.

Paragraph 22: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 23: TRIM5α is present in the cytosol. It recognizes motifs within viral capsid proteins, which causes the TRIM5α to smother the (not yet uncoated) capsid in a reticulatory way so as to form a repeating regular hexagonal net, two sides of each hexagon being made up of two spokes of a three-way hub and spoke trimer and consequently to interfere with the viral capsid uncoating process, thereby preventing (1) transport of the viral genome to the host cell nucleus and (2) successful reverse transcription. The exact mechanism of action has not been shown conclusively, but capsid protein from restricted viruses (that is viruses which are the subject of TRIM5α intervention) is removed by proteasome-dependent degradation. The TRIM5α, once formed into its highly regular reticulatory net recruits ubiquitin for this purpose, which, in turn engages the proteasome.

Paragraph 24: TRIM5α is present in the cytosol. It recognizes motifs within viral capsid proteins, which causes the TRIM5α to smother the (not yet uncoated) capsid in a reticulatory way so as to form a repeating regular hexagonal net, two sides of each hexagon being made up of two spokes of a three-way hub and spoke trimer and consequently to interfere with the viral capsid uncoating process, thereby preventing (1) transport of the viral genome to the host cell nucleus and (2) successful reverse transcription. The exact mechanism of action has not been shown conclusively, but capsid protein from restricted viruses (that is viruses which are the subject of TRIM5α intervention) is removed by proteasome-dependent degradation. The TRIM5α, once formed into its highly regular reticulatory net recruits ubiquitin for this purpose, which, in turn engages the proteasome.

Paragraph 25: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 26: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 27: The First Samnite War ended in 341 with a negotiated peace and renewal of the former treaty between Rome and the Samnites. Rome retained her Campanian alliance, but accepted that the Sidicini belonged to the Samnite sphere. According to Livy, once peace with Rome had been concluded, the Samnites attacked the Sidicini with the same forces they had deployed against Rome. Facing defeat, the Sidicini tried to surrender themselves to Rome, but their surrender was rejected by the senate as coming far too late. The Sidicini then turned to the Latins who had already taken up arms on their own account. The Campani joined the war as well, and led by the Latins a large army of these allied peoples invaded Samnium. Most of the damage they dealt there to the Samnites was done by raiding rather than fighting, and although the Latins got the better in their various encounters with the Samnites, they were happy to retire from enemy territory and fight no further. The Samnites sent envoys to Rome to complain and demand that if the Latins and Campani really were subject peoples of Rome, Rome should use her authority over them to prevent further attacks on Samnite territory. The Roman senate gave an ambiguous reply, being both unwilling to acknowledge that they could no longer control the Latins and afraid of alienating them further by ordering them to stop their attacks on the Samnites. The Campani had surrendered to Rome and must obey her will, however there was nothing in Rome's treaty with the Latins preventing them from going to war against whomever they wanted. The result of this reply was to completely turn the Campani against Rome and encourage the Latins to take action. In the guise of preparing a Samnite war, the Latins plotted in secret with the Campani for war against Rome. However, news of their plans got out, and at Rome the sitting consuls for 341 were ordered to leave office before the expiry of their term, so that the new consuls could enter office early in preparation for the major war that was brewing. The consuls elected for 340 were Titus Manlius Torquatus, for the third time, and Publius Decius Mus. The annually elected consuls were the chief magistrates of the Roman Republic, and responsible for commanding Rome's armies in times of war.

Paragraph 28: Vikings returned to Galicia in 859, beginning what seems to have been a three-year campaign, during the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias. The main source for these events are Arabic histories compiled by Ibn Ḥayyān in the eleventh century, though some near-contemporary Latin sources also mention the events, and later Latin sources offer more elaborate, but less reliable, accounts. In the assessment of Ann Christys, what can be known about the Viking raids on Iberia in 859-61 is thatThe expedition of 859–861, like that of 844, seems to have involved a single band of adventurers. Returning to the scene of Viking incursions in northern Iberia and al-Andalus, but meeting with little success, they sailed on to raid targets on the shores of the Mediterranean. Here they may have taken captives for ransom or to trade as slaves. Vikings seem to have over-wintered in Francia, perhaps waiting on the northern shore of the Mediterranean for favourable tides and currents to exit the sea through the Straits of Gibraltar. They may even have sailed to Italy, Alexandria and Constantinople.Some historians have given credence, however, to a range of accounts in late sources about raids in this period as evidence for this Viking incursion. Yet different sources mention different figures; not all potentially relevant raids recounted were necessarily by Vikings; and the sources are likely more to reflect the political context in which they were composed than actual events in 859–61. For example, on the basis of an account by Al-Bakrī it has been supposed that in 859 or 860, Vikings sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor, and defeated a Moorish army. The raiders have been identified as the legendary Hastein and Björn Ironside, but this is based on modern extrapolation from already altogether unreliable medieval sources. There was a well-attested raid on Constantinople in 860, which may have been by Vikings and which has been associated with the raids on Iberia, but there is no evidence that the raid on Constantinople was by the same people who were active in the western Mediterranean at the time. Moreover, it is plausible that the Constantinople raiders came from the north by the river-routes running from the Baltic into the Black Sea (known in Old Norse as the Austrvegr). A story about an attack in the period 859–61 on Banbalūna (which could mean modern Pamplona but also the whole kingdom of Navarre), again, may or may not reflect activities of Vikings.

Paragraph 29: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 30: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 31: Vikings returned to Galicia in 859, beginning what seems to have been a three-year campaign, during the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias. The main source for these events are Arabic histories compiled by Ibn Ḥayyān in the eleventh century, though some near-contemporary Latin sources also mention the events, and later Latin sources offer more elaborate, but less reliable, accounts. In the assessment of Ann Christys, what can be known about the Viking raids on Iberia in 859-61 is thatThe expedition of 859–861, like that of 844, seems to have involved a single band of adventurers. Returning to the scene of Viking incursions in northern Iberia and al-Andalus, but meeting with little success, they sailed on to raid targets on the shores of the Mediterranean. Here they may have taken captives for ransom or to trade as slaves. Vikings seem to have over-wintered in Francia, perhaps waiting on the northern shore of the Mediterranean for favourable tides and currents to exit the sea through the Straits of Gibraltar. They may even have sailed to Italy, Alexandria and Constantinople.Some historians have given credence, however, to a range of accounts in late sources about raids in this period as evidence for this Viking incursion. Yet different sources mention different figures; not all potentially relevant raids recounted were necessarily by Vikings; and the sources are likely more to reflect the political context in which they were composed than actual events in 859–61. For example, on the basis of an account by Al-Bakrī it has been supposed that in 859 or 860, Vikings sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor, and defeated a Moorish army. The raiders have been identified as the legendary Hastein and Björn Ironside, but this is based on modern extrapolation from already altogether unreliable medieval sources. There was a well-attested raid on Constantinople in 860, which may have been by Vikings and which has been associated with the raids on Iberia, but there is no evidence that the raid on Constantinople was by the same people who were active in the western Mediterranean at the time. Moreover, it is plausible that the Constantinople raiders came from the north by the river-routes running from the Baltic into the Black Sea (known in Old Norse as the Austrvegr). A story about an attack in the period 859–61 on Banbalūna (which could mean modern Pamplona but also the whole kingdom of Navarre), again, may or may not reflect activities of Vikings.

Paragraph 32: At the start of the year Limerick were given little chance of success by most of the pundits and commentators.  The last time the team won a game in the provincial championship was 2001 and few gave them any chance against Tipperary, their opponents in the Munster semi-final.  26,000 people witnessed that game with Tipp looking the likely winners. A goal from substitute Pat Tobin brought Limerick level to 1–19 late on to send the game to a replay.  Early in the second half of the replay it looked as if Tipperary were going to run out the easy winners when they led by ten points.  Limerick fought back to level the game by the final whistle.  A period of extra time was played, however, after 160-minutes of hurling the sides couldn't be separated.  Result: Tipperary 2–12 – Limerick 1–24.  Eight days later both sides met for the third time.  Remarkably, after the seventy minutes had been played both sides were still level and another period of extra time had to be played.  After a three-game saga watched by over 80,000 people Limerick claimed their first victory in the provincial championship in six years when they won by 0–22 to 2–13.  The reward for this victory was a Munster final meeting with Waterford.  It was their first appearance in the provincial decider since 2001 and the first Limerick-Waterford Munster final since 1934.  The game saw Waterford's Dan Shanahan run riot and capture three goals as Limerick were well beaten by 3–17 to 1–14.  In spite of this Limerick still qualified for the All-Ireland quarter-final where they were drawn to play their near-neighbours Clare.  Limerick were the favourites going into the game in spite of having lost quarter-finals in 2001, 2005 and 2006.  The favourites tag was well justified and they won more comfortably than the 1–23 to 1–16 score line suggests.  This win set up a rematch with Waterford in the All-Ireland semi-final.  Having lost the Munster final to them, Waterford were the red-hot favourites going into the game.  In spite of their underdog status Limerick produced an incredible display of goalpoaching to defeat Waterford by 5–11 to 2–15 in a thrilling All-Ireland semi-final.  It was heart-breaking for Waterford who had to suffer a fourth defeat at the penultimate stage of the championship inside nine years.

Paragraph 33: In early studies, cultured human HL-60 promyelocytes purposely differentiated to granulocytes were used to partially purify and in a series of experiments clone FPR1; an apparent homolog of FPR1, Fpr was also cloned from rabbit neutrophils. The studies indicated that FPR1 is a G protein-coupled receptor that activates cells though a linkage to the pertussis toxin-sensitive Gαi subclass of G proteins, that FPR1 is located on chromosome 19q.13.3, and that this gene consists of two exons, the first of which encodes a 66 base pair 5'-untranslated sequence, the second of which has an intronless open reading frame coding for a protein containing ~354 amino acids; the studies also indicated that cells express multiple formyl peptide receptor mRNA transcripts due to Allelic heterogeneity, alternate Polyadenylation sites, and possibly products of other genes with homology to FPR1.  Subsequent studies cloned two other genes with homology to FPR1 viz., FPL2 (originally termed FPR1, FPRH1, or FPRL1) and FPR3 (originally termed FPR2, FPRH2, or FPRL2). FPR2 and FPR3 are composed of 351 and 352 amino acids, respectively, and similar to FPR1 have intronless open reading frames which encode G protein coupled receptors; FPR1 and FPR2 have 66% and 56% amino acid sequence identity with FPR1 and 72% homology to each other.  All three genes localize to chromosome 19q.13.3 in the order of FPR1, FPR2, and FPR3 to form a cluster which also includes the gene for another G protein-coupled chemotactic factor receptor, the C5a receptor (also termed CD88), which binds and is activated by complement component 5a (C5a) and GPR77, a second  C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor C5a2 (C5L2), a second C5a receptor of debated function which has the structure of a G protein coupled receptor but fails to couple to G proteins. These points are of interest because C5a is generated by the interaction of bacteria with blood plasma components to activate the complement cascade which then cleave C5a from Complement component 5.  Thus, bacteria produce a family of oligopeptide chemotactic factors plus activate host complement pathways to generate C5a, which, like the formylated oligopeptides, is a neutrophil chemotactic factor that operates through receptors whose genes cluster with those for the three formyl peptide receptors. Furthermore, bacteria-induced complement activation also causes the formation of complement component 3a (C3a) by cleavage from complement component 3; C3a is a neutrophil chemotactic factor which operates through a G protein coupled chemotactic factor receptor, the C3a receptor, whose gene is located at chromosome 12p13; C3a also acts through C5L2.

Paragraph 34: A traumatic brain injury is defined as a blunt non-missile penetrating or missile injury to the head. It has been shown that the extent of the damage incurred after a head trauma correlates more directly with the amount of deformation incurred by the brain than the amount of stress per area applied to the head. There are two modes of axotomy that can occur as a result of a TBI. Primary axotomy occurs immediately and is characterized as complete mechanical transaction of axons. More often, secondary axotomy occurs, evolving over time and ultimately leading to disconnection. While this type of injury is often irreversible, the axons do occasionally recover. Researchers are currently working towards utilizing this potential for recovery to develop therapies for patients with traumatic brain injuries. These therapies rely on the scientific understanding of the axotomy response. Two mechanisms that aid in the reinnervation process are acute inflammation and the activation of molecules in the extracellular matrix surrounding the synapse.  Immediate acute inflammation leads to the removal of the severed axons by activating the local glia. The inflammation response also recruits growth factors that aid in the repopulation of postsynaptic sites. The negative effects of this inflammation may be difficult to detect immediately post injury. Inflammation of the head is often slow to onset after injury, and can lead to a fatal rise in cerebral pressure. A recently discovered and understood cytokine is currently being used to try to treat the axotomy before the rise in pressure occurs.  This cytokine, called osteopontin, may be able to aid in axon regeneration by exposing its integrin receptor binding sites. Osteopontin secretion may be able to regulate synaptogenesis and target the necessary neuroglia required for the repair of the axons. A study done by Julie L. Chan proves the functionality of osteopontin in initiating the immune response necessary for synaptic repair and reorganization after injury (axotomy). Though the study effectively proved the functionality of osteopontin in diminishing the intense inflammatory response following a traumatic brain injury, it did not provide evidence of the long-term effects of implanting this as a treatment option. Altering the inflammatory response may unintentional halt the beneficial aspects of inflammation and have devastating effects on the brain's ability to heal itself.

Paragraph 35: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 36: The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations The Best of Both Worlds (1997) and The Best of Marillion (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras. Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk on Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy". This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004. In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from Holidays in Eden, was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).

Paragraph 37: The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations The Best of Both Worlds (1997) and The Best of Marillion (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras. Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk on Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy". This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004. In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from Holidays in Eden, was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).

Paragraph 38: In early studies, cultured human HL-60 promyelocytes purposely differentiated to granulocytes were used to partially purify and in a series of experiments clone FPR1; an apparent homolog of FPR1, Fpr was also cloned from rabbit neutrophils. The studies indicated that FPR1 is a G protein-coupled receptor that activates cells though a linkage to the pertussis toxin-sensitive Gαi subclass of G proteins, that FPR1 is located on chromosome 19q.13.3, and that this gene consists of two exons, the first of which encodes a 66 base pair 5'-untranslated sequence, the second of which has an intronless open reading frame coding for a protein containing ~354 amino acids; the studies also indicated that cells express multiple formyl peptide receptor mRNA transcripts due to Allelic heterogeneity, alternate Polyadenylation sites, and possibly products of other genes with homology to FPR1.  Subsequent studies cloned two other genes with homology to FPR1 viz., FPL2 (originally termed FPR1, FPRH1, or FPRL1) and FPR3 (originally termed FPR2, FPRH2, or FPRL2). FPR2 and FPR3 are composed of 351 and 352 amino acids, respectively, and similar to FPR1 have intronless open reading frames which encode G protein coupled receptors; FPR1 and FPR2 have 66% and 56% amino acid sequence identity with FPR1 and 72% homology to each other.  All three genes localize to chromosome 19q.13.3 in the order of FPR1, FPR2, and FPR3 to form a cluster which also includes the gene for another G protein-coupled chemotactic factor receptor, the C5a receptor (also termed CD88), which binds and is activated by complement component 5a (C5a) and GPR77, a second  C5a anaphylatoxin chemotactic receptor C5a2 (C5L2), a second C5a receptor of debated function which has the structure of a G protein coupled receptor but fails to couple to G proteins. These points are of interest because C5a is generated by the interaction of bacteria with blood plasma components to activate the complement cascade which then cleave C5a from Complement component 5.  Thus, bacteria produce a family of oligopeptide chemotactic factors plus activate host complement pathways to generate C5a, which, like the formylated oligopeptides, is a neutrophil chemotactic factor that operates through receptors whose genes cluster with those for the three formyl peptide receptors. Furthermore, bacteria-induced complement activation also causes the formation of complement component 3a (C3a) by cleavage from complement component 3; C3a is a neutrophil chemotactic factor which operates through a G protein coupled chemotactic factor receptor, the C3a receptor, whose gene is located at chromosome 12p13; C3a also acts through C5L2.

Paragraph 39: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 40: Vikings returned to Galicia in 859, beginning what seems to have been a three-year campaign, during the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias. The main source for these events are Arabic histories compiled by Ibn Ḥayyān in the eleventh century, though some near-contemporary Latin sources also mention the events, and later Latin sources offer more elaborate, but less reliable, accounts. In the assessment of Ann Christys, what can be known about the Viking raids on Iberia in 859-61 is thatThe expedition of 859–861, like that of 844, seems to have involved a single band of adventurers. Returning to the scene of Viking incursions in northern Iberia and al-Andalus, but meeting with little success, they sailed on to raid targets on the shores of the Mediterranean. Here they may have taken captives for ransom or to trade as slaves. Vikings seem to have over-wintered in Francia, perhaps waiting on the northern shore of the Mediterranean for favourable tides and currents to exit the sea through the Straits of Gibraltar. They may even have sailed to Italy, Alexandria and Constantinople.Some historians have given credence, however, to a range of accounts in late sources about raids in this period as evidence for this Viking incursion. Yet different sources mention different figures; not all potentially relevant raids recounted were necessarily by Vikings; and the sources are likely more to reflect the political context in which they were composed than actual events in 859–61. For example, on the basis of an account by Al-Bakrī it has been supposed that in 859 or 860, Vikings sailed through Gibraltar and raided the little Moroccan state of Nekor, and defeated a Moorish army. The raiders have been identified as the legendary Hastein and Björn Ironside, but this is based on modern extrapolation from already altogether unreliable medieval sources. There was a well-attested raid on Constantinople in 860, which may have been by Vikings and which has been associated with the raids on Iberia, but there is no evidence that the raid on Constantinople was by the same people who were active in the western Mediterranean at the time. Moreover, it is plausible that the Constantinople raiders came from the north by the river-routes running from the Baltic into the Black Sea (known in Old Norse as the Austrvegr). A story about an attack in the period 859–61 on Banbalūna (which could mean modern Pamplona but also the whole kingdom of Navarre), again, may or may not reflect activities of Vikings.

Paragraph 41: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 42: The First Samnite War ended in 341 with a negotiated peace and renewal of the former treaty between Rome and the Samnites. Rome retained her Campanian alliance, but accepted that the Sidicini belonged to the Samnite sphere. According to Livy, once peace with Rome had been concluded, the Samnites attacked the Sidicini with the same forces they had deployed against Rome. Facing defeat, the Sidicini tried to surrender themselves to Rome, but their surrender was rejected by the senate as coming far too late. The Sidicini then turned to the Latins who had already taken up arms on their own account. The Campani joined the war as well, and led by the Latins a large army of these allied peoples invaded Samnium. Most of the damage they dealt there to the Samnites was done by raiding rather than fighting, and although the Latins got the better in their various encounters with the Samnites, they were happy to retire from enemy territory and fight no further. The Samnites sent envoys to Rome to complain and demand that if the Latins and Campani really were subject peoples of Rome, Rome should use her authority over them to prevent further attacks on Samnite territory. The Roman senate gave an ambiguous reply, being both unwilling to acknowledge that they could no longer control the Latins and afraid of alienating them further by ordering them to stop their attacks on the Samnites. The Campani had surrendered to Rome and must obey her will, however there was nothing in Rome's treaty with the Latins preventing them from going to war against whomever they wanted. The result of this reply was to completely turn the Campani against Rome and encourage the Latins to take action. In the guise of preparing a Samnite war, the Latins plotted in secret with the Campani for war against Rome. However, news of their plans got out, and at Rome the sitting consuls for 341 were ordered to leave office before the expiry of their term, so that the new consuls could enter office early in preparation for the major war that was brewing. The consuls elected for 340 were Titus Manlius Torquatus, for the third time, and Publius Decius Mus. The annually elected consuls were the chief magistrates of the Roman Republic, and responsible for commanding Rome's armies in times of war.

Paragraph 43: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 44: 	The second act of the play opens with Constance and Mrs. Wyatt having a private conversation in their room.  Constance is an extremely dramatic young woman—she loves to cause a scene and is constantly seeking the undivided attention of all those around her.  Like many other women in the late 19th century, she is primarily focused on getting married and starting a family.  Before her relationship fell apart, Constance believed that the man she met in Paris was to be her husband and she had finished the race to matrimony.  However, Constance still has not come to terms with the fact that her relationship with that man is over forever.  She enjoys to pity herself in front of others and frequently tells her mother that she feels as though she is an evil vampire that repulses all men.  Not being able to fathom listening to Constance's trivial problems anymore, Mrs. Wyatt shifts the conversation to the rift in Constance's relationship with her father.  Ever since her father compelled her lover to end their relationship, Constance has blamed him for her misery and solitude.  General Wyatt and Constance used to have a good relationship but now they are very distant to each other and Constance is extremely vocal about the resentment she feels towards her father.  Mrs. Wyatt chastises Constance for her poor attitude towards the general, “How can you treat your father so coldly? Give me the pain if you must torment somebody.  But spare your father, -- spare the heart that loves you so tenderly, you unhappy girl”. She explains to her that General Wyatt did what was necessary to protect Constance and she should have a little more self-respect to not be so miserable, as well as more respect for her father, her ultimate protector.  When Constance is finally alone, she invites Bartlett into her room to observe and question him in an attempt to find any similarities, besides looks, between Bartlett and her former lover.  At first Bartlett does not realize Constance's intentions but once he does, he angrily storms out of the room.  Bartlett and General Wyatt decide to go on a walk to the docks and Mrs. Wyatt comes back into Constance's room.  Almost immediately after Mrs. Wyatt is with Constance, they see four men carrying someone up the hill through the window.  True to form, Constance causes a huge, emotional scene.  She springs up, exclaiming that her father is dead: “Oh, yes,  yes! It’s papa! It’s my dear, good, kind papa!  He’s dead; he’s drowned; I drove him away; I murdered him!”  It's almost uncertain whether she was happy or sad at the possibility of her father being dead.  Bartlett, witnessing this absolute hysteria, is very puzzled by such dramatic and preposterous actions by a seemingly proper young woman and questions his decision to stay at the hotel.

Paragraph 45: The album received mostly positive reviews, but also mixed reviews from several critics. Already Heard rated the album 2.5 out of 5 and stated, "Working from the standard metalcore template new album Helix has the potential to succeed, throwing a whole host of electronics and wild vocal ideas into the mix. Listening to it is like reaching blindly into a party bag, surprising but ultimately, disappointing." Carlos Zelaya from Dead Press! rated the album positively calling it: "Crystal Lake clearly have plenty of dexterity and talent in abundance, but sometimes you're left wishing they could flex their left-field muscles a little more. To say that Helix is a bad album would be totally unfair, but at worst, parts of this album leave a lot to be desired. Including more songs such as 'Aeon' would be a big improvement for sure. The metalcore scene is only getting more and more crowded, and you've got to offer more than occasional glitchy bits in order to truly stand out." Distorted Sound scored the album 9 out of 10 and said: "Helix is a compacted explosion of crazy, eccentric lunacy which will leave you reeling for the majority of its run time. If you doubted that CRYSTAL LAKE could match the intensity of 'Aeon' for a full album then you couldn't be more wrong. There are few bands which could come close to matching the sheer energy expelled from this release and there is no doubt that jaws will be dropping all over the world when this album hits the shelves." Joe Smith-Engelhardt of Exclaim! gave it 7 out of 10 and said: "Although Helix has some truly spectacular moments, it's sullied by trying to be too many things. Whether Crystal Lake want to be one of the heaviest metalcore acts or take a stab at a cleaner, electronic-leaning sound they should come to a consensus on who they are in order to have a more cohesive approach." Alex Sievers from KillYourStereo gave the album 70 out of 100 and said: "Metalcore absolutely needs bands like Crystal Lake, and not just in terms of their output, but in terms of their successes too. However, when a record like Helix doesn't quite live up to the hype, and manages to both be different and creative yet also rather safe and expected, it's best to be honest and not see how blindly loyal one can be. Although, the good present here truly outweighs the lacking and the bad, so please don't skip over this one." New Noise gave the album 3.5 out of 5 and stated: "Helix is a very interesting record, but it also feels like a transition point for greater pastures ahead. It hints that the next step for Crystal Lake is likely a groovier take on melodic hardcore, and the fact that they do that very well on this record is cause for further optimism." New Transcendence gave the album a perfect score 10/10 and saying: "To sum things up, I think of a few things. One, this was a perfect way to evolve from True North. Elements of the past work still show in Helix, while also showing that Helix in and of itself is a masterpiece. The way things are handled just adds even more depth to the album. From the samples to instrumentals, everything works together more efficiently than before. Two, its just nice to see some experimentation done. Hearing Aeon was like a slap in my face of what Crystal Lake could achieve. I was beyond pleased, and as a vocalist who primarily is involved in deathcore/slam, hearing Ryo's range blossom even more and branching into high screams and gutturals was insane. Not to mention, instrumentally as a whole, that track blew me away." Rock 'N' Load praised the album saying, "The fifth album from Japan's premier metalcore brigade is an absolute belter, from the cyborg intro 'Helix' to the final strains of 'Sanctuary' it just melts faces with serious speed, power and absolute precision."

Paragraph 46: At the start of the year Limerick were given little chance of success by most of the pundits and commentators.  The last time the team won a game in the provincial championship was 2001 and few gave them any chance against Tipperary, their opponents in the Munster semi-final.  26,000 people witnessed that game with Tipp looking the likely winners. A goal from substitute Pat Tobin brought Limerick level to 1–19 late on to send the game to a replay.  Early in the second half of the replay it looked as if Tipperary were going to run out the easy winners when they led by ten points.  Limerick fought back to level the game by the final whistle.  A period of extra time was played, however, after 160-minutes of hurling the sides couldn't be separated.  Result: Tipperary 2–12 – Limerick 1–24.  Eight days later both sides met for the third time.  Remarkably, after the seventy minutes had been played both sides were still level and another period of extra time had to be played.  After a three-game saga watched by over 80,000 people Limerick claimed their first victory in the provincial championship in six years when they won by 0–22 to 2–13.  The reward for this victory was a Munster final meeting with Waterford.  It was their first appearance in the provincial decider since 2001 and the first Limerick-Waterford Munster final since 1934.  The game saw Waterford's Dan Shanahan run riot and capture three goals as Limerick were well beaten by 3–17 to 1–14.  In spite of this Limerick still qualified for the All-Ireland quarter-final where they were drawn to play their near-neighbours Clare.  Limerick were the favourites going into the game in spite of having lost quarter-finals in 2001, 2005 and 2006.  The favourites tag was well justified and they won more comfortably than the 1–23 to 1–16 score line suggests.  This win set up a rematch with Waterford in the All-Ireland semi-final.  Having lost the Munster final to them, Waterford were the red-hot favourites going into the game.  In spite of their underdog status Limerick produced an incredible display of goalpoaching to defeat Waterford by 5–11 to 2–15 in a thrilling All-Ireland semi-final.  It was heart-breaking for Waterford who had to suffer a fourth defeat at the penultimate stage of the championship inside nine years.

Paragraph 47: This story is about two brothers' families. Though they are real brothers, the elder brother's manipulative wife doesn't like her brother in law and his wife at all, so she builds up a wall in the house and divides it in two. Both the families start staying separately. The elder brother has two sons and the younger brother has three daughters. The three sisters love their cousin brothers, but the elder brother's sons don't reciprocate their love for their sisters because they fear their mother. When the three sisters went to their house to tie Rakhi to both brothers then their mother don't allow them and they have to return weeping. The elder brother gets his eldest son married and the invitation is not sent properly to younger brothers family. Naseeb, the new daughter-in-law, is given a welcome and is promised to be treated with proper care, but her manipulative mother in law orders Naseeb to never show her face to her brother in law's family and especially to the eldest girl Guddi. The eldest daughter of the younger brother is very intelligent and of loving nature, she craves to talk to her brother's wife, but as she's afraid of her aunt she's unable to do so. As the time passes Naseeb the daughter-in-law gets to know the dynamics of the house and understands that her mother in law doesn't talk to her sister in law because of her huge ego and arrogance. Naseeb gets too close to younger brother's daughter Guddi with time. During all this phase of changing relationships a rich boy Manjinder falls in love with Guddi. He tries to find mediator but fails. Then he learns that one of his Bhua is also related with Naseeb. Both brothers take their Bhua to Naseebs house where she is alone at that time. In the meantime Guddi also comes. Then Manjinder's aunt asks Naseeb to become mediator of marriage, but she refuses due to fear of her mother in law. Further they takes help from his Bhua and gets his marriage fixed to Guddi. When Naseeb's mother in law gets to know about this, she throws Naseeb out of the house and succeeds in breaking Guddi's relation/marriage as well. Naseeb's mother comes and visits Naseeb as she prophesizes that her daughter is going through a tough time. Naseeb opens up to her mother about how she tried to break her sister-in-law's marriage. Her mother consoles her. Naseeb and her husband go to Manjinder's house and try to fix Guddi's and Manjinder's alliance and succeeds in doing so. The two estranged families reconcile, break down the wall in their house, and wed Guddi and Manjinder, and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 48: The First Samnite War ended in 341 with a negotiated peace and renewal of the former treaty between Rome and the Samnites. Rome retained her Campanian alliance, but accepted that the Sidicini belonged to the Samnite sphere. According to Livy, once peace with Rome had been concluded, the Samnites attacked the Sidicini with the same forces they had deployed against Rome. Facing defeat, the Sidicini tried to surrender themselves to Rome, but their surrender was rejected by the senate as coming far too late. The Sidicini then turned to the Latins who had already taken up arms on their own account. The Campani joined the war as well, and led by the Latins a large army of these allied peoples invaded Samnium. Most of the damage they dealt there to the Samnites was done by raiding rather than fighting, and although the Latins got the better in their various encounters with the Samnites, they were happy to retire from enemy territory and fight no further. The Samnites sent envoys to Rome to complain and demand that if the Latins and Campani really were subject peoples of Rome, Rome should use her authority over them to prevent further attacks on Samnite territory. The Roman senate gave an ambiguous reply, being both unwilling to acknowledge that they could no longer control the Latins and afraid of alienating them further by ordering them to stop their attacks on the Samnites. The Campani had surrendered to Rome and must obey her will, however there was nothing in Rome's treaty with the Latins preventing them from going to war against whomever they wanted. The result of this reply was to completely turn the Campani against Rome and encourage the Latins to take action. In the guise of preparing a Samnite war, the Latins plotted in secret with the Campani for war against Rome. However, news of their plans got out, and at Rome the sitting consuls for 341 were ordered to leave office before the expiry of their term, so that the new consuls could enter office early in preparation for the major war that was brewing. The consuls elected for 340 were Titus Manlius Torquatus, for the third time, and Publius Decius Mus. The annually elected consuls were the chief magistrates of the Roman Republic, and responsible for commanding Rome's armies in times of war.