Paragraph 1: After spending the majority of two seasons in the AHL, Milano played a career-high 55 games at the NHL level during the 2017–18 season. For the first time, he made the Blue Jackets roster directly out of training camp and immediately scored his first career NHL goal on October 6, 2017, to shut out the Islanders 5–0. He continued to produce and quickly accumulated four goals in his first three games of the season. As the season progressed, coach John Tortorella played Milano on the left wing on the third line where he averaged around 15 minutes a game and earned time on the power play. Despite his early success, Milano was sent back down to the Cleveland Monsters on December 3, 2017, after registering 10 points in 24 games. Coach Tortorella later explained that he was re-assigned due to an overflow of forwards in the lineup not as a result of his play. Milano recorded two assists through two games with the Monsters before being recalled back to the Blue Jackets on December 9. After continuing to go pointless in the NHL through the following four games, Milano was returned to the Monsters on December 22. However, as injuries quickly began to befall the Blue Jackets lineup, Milano and forward Jordan Schroeder were recalled to the NHL on December 26 an emergency basis. During this recall, Milano recorded his second two-goal game of the season in a loss to the Ottawa Senators on December 29. His overall play earned him an extended stay in the Blue Jackets lineup as he replaced Boone Jenner on the left wing of the second line. However, he shortly thereafter suffered a torn oblique muscle during a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs on January 8 and was expected to miss four to six weeks to recover. At the time of the injury, Milano had recorded eight goals and five assists for 13 points through 35 games. Once Milano was activated off of injured reserve on February 16, he was re-assigned to the AHL level. This would be Milano's last assignment as he was recalled to the NHL on February 26 and stayed with the team for the remainder of the season. He subsequently finished the 2017–18 AHL season with two goals and three assists for five points and four penalty minutes through nine contests. Upon returning to the Blue Jackets, Milano was often paired with centre Nick Foligno and right winger Oliver Bjorkstrand. However, Foligno was replaced with Brandon Dubinsky once he suffered a long-term injury in late March. As the Blue Jackets clinched a berth in the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs, Milano finished the regular season with 14 goals and 22 points in 55 games. Despite this, he was made a healthy scratch for Game 1 of the Stanley Cup first round to make room for Foligno's return. Milano made his post-season debut  in Game 2 as a replacement for an injured Alexander Wennberg. Milano played three games with the Blue Jackets during the postseason, averaging 6:45 minutes of ice time but recording no points, shots, or shot attempts.

Paragraph 2: Houston got the ball first and on their opening play, they lost three yards on a screen pass. Once that was done, quarterback Warren Moon got them rolling all the way to the end zone. Despite two fumbled snaps on the drive, he completed 8/10 passes for 64 yards, including a 24-yarder to Haywood Jeffires, on a 16-play, 80-yard drive that took 9:14 off the clock and ended with his 5-yard touchdown pass to receiver Ernest Givins. New York had to punt on their first possession, but got the ball back with great field position when Erik McMillan intercepted Moon's pass on the Oilers' 39-yard line. The Jets then cashed in on their opportunity with a 9-play drive to score on Ken O'Brien's 10-yard touchdown pass to Al Toon, who made an athletic catch in the back of the end zone while barely managing to keep his feet in bounds. Later on, Bo Orlando intercepted a long pass from O'Brien on the Oilers' 25, and Moon led the team to a touchdown from there, completing passes to Drew Hill and Givins for 20 and 35 yards before Givins's 20-yard touchdown reception made the score 14–7 with 3:56 left in the half. New York ended up punting, but at the 1:10 mark, Houston's Al Del Greco missed a 46-yard field goal wide right. O'Brien then completed a pair of passes to Toon for 36 total yards on a drive to the Oilers' 16-yard line where Raúl Allegre kicked a 33-yard field goal to cut the deficit to 14–10 going into halftime.

Paragraph 3: Back in London, Jonathan celebrates being home from the hospital. He is among his friends- Arthur Holmwood and Lucy, Dr. John Seward, and Harker's wife, Mina. Jonathan is suffering from amnesia and has no recollection of what happened to him while he was abroad, and does not want to remember since he only knows that it was something unpleasant. Mina says that she hid his journal from him, so that he would not get upset by the memories. Lucy, meanwhile, is disappointed that he can't remember; she was looking forward to hearing what he had to say about the Carpathians since she shows interest in going there herself someday. She says she would like to borrow Jonathan's journal, and Lucy seems so impatient to do so she becomes agitated and passes out. Arthur reveals that Lucy suffers from a mysterious illness that left her pale and weak for three weeks. She also has two tiny wounds on her throat. Lucy's illness baffles Dr. Seward, so he sends for Professor Van Helsing to come from Holland to have a look at her. Van Helsing places garlic in Lucy's room and prescribes her garlic cream and peppermint tea. But Lucy removes the garlic, and Dracula enters her room. Lucy's mother, who was with her at that moment, dies of a heart attack. Lucy quickly fades away despite blood transfusion and beckons Arthur on her deathbed. Her teeth appear longer and sharper. Shortly afterward, Lucy dies and is buried. At Lucy's funeral, Mina suddenly turns around and then begins to walk towards something or somebody as if in a trance. Jonathan stops her and then sees the Count and recognizes him, but the Count vanishes. When Van Helsing asks him what's wrong, Jonathan says that he knows what's happened to him in the Carpathians and who is guilty of Lucy's death. Three nights after she was buried, Arthur is grieving in her room when he hears and sees Lucy calling to him outside. But Arthur understands that she is not Lucy anymore and repels her with garlic. Lucy leaves but wickedly promises Arthur that she will still get him, as he is still her groom. Van Helsing and others gather to discuss what they are to do now. Arthur tells them that Lucy came to him. Van Helsing shows them the newspaper, describing how three children have been kidnapped or wounded in the neck in the past few days after being kissed by a woman in white. While all the men are deeply concerned by this news, Mina is smiling strangely. Van Helsing tells them that they need to open the coffin of Lucy and cut her head off. Arthur is horrified and appalled, but Harker supports Professor. Van Helsing asks Jonathan to give him his journal, but when Harker asks his wife what she has done with it, Mina says she doesn't know what he is talking about. Jonathan finds the journal hidden among Mina's things, decides that she is tired and should go to bed.

Paragraph 4: The first three of a scheduled 15 rounds fight were even with champion Gómez and challenger Zárate trading on even terms. By the fourth round, however, Zárate's conditioning began to tell and Gómez connected with a good right to the temple as Zárate backed to the ring ropes. Zárate kept marching forward but the backpedaling champion Gómez then landed a left to Zárate's chin that foresaw things soon to follow; seconds later, Gómez connected a pinpoint right to Zárate's chin while Zárate's left hook missed. Another left stung Zárate but he nevertheless calmly kept pressing Gómez until a big left by Gómez, who by now was near a corner, caught the challenger square on his chin and he went down for the first knockdown of the contest; Gómez tried to attack him as he was on the canvas but referee Harry Gibbs of England intervened, sending him to a neutral corner. Zárate got up and received a standing eight count but Gómez pursued him to the same corner immediately and began punishing him with punches to the head and body there. The challenger courageously threw right hand crosses to Gómez's head in a bid to stop the incoming champion but half a dozen rights from the Puerto Rican deposited Zárate on the canvas for the second time; this time near ring center. Zárate's body landed with such force that momentum carried him to near the corner contrary to the one he had been at seconds before, before he was able to get up. Before referee Gibbs could get to Zárate to administer another protective-and in this case mandatory-eight second count, Gómez, in violation of boxing rules, got to Zárate and attempted to hit his opponent again, but Gibbs was able to separate the boxers. To add to the confusion, the bell signaling the end of round four had apparently rung before Zárate's second fall but the sound of it was inaudible due to the roar of the crowd celebrating the fight. Gómez was so enlivened by the action that he almost refused to sit down on his corner during the rest period between rounds four and five; starting the fifth, Gómez landed three stirring lefts to Zárate's head but the challenger traded blows to the body with the champion before another left hook jarred his head back; Gómez then connected with a right to the chin making Zárate buckle his knees after landing on the ropes. Gómez wanted to keep hitting Zárate and he did but referee Gibbs was able to separate the boxers with Zárate's head between two of the ring ropes.

Paragraph 5: The first three of a scheduled 15 rounds fight were even with champion Gómez and challenger Zárate trading on even terms. By the fourth round, however, Zárate's conditioning began to tell and Gómez connected with a good right to the temple as Zárate backed to the ring ropes. Zárate kept marching forward but the backpedaling champion Gómez then landed a left to Zárate's chin that foresaw things soon to follow; seconds later, Gómez connected a pinpoint right to Zárate's chin while Zárate's left hook missed. Another left stung Zárate but he nevertheless calmly kept pressing Gómez until a big left by Gómez, who by now was near a corner, caught the challenger square on his chin and he went down for the first knockdown of the contest; Gómez tried to attack him as he was on the canvas but referee Harry Gibbs of England intervened, sending him to a neutral corner. Zárate got up and received a standing eight count but Gómez pursued him to the same corner immediately and began punishing him with punches to the head and body there. The challenger courageously threw right hand crosses to Gómez's head in a bid to stop the incoming champion but half a dozen rights from the Puerto Rican deposited Zárate on the canvas for the second time; this time near ring center. Zárate's body landed with such force that momentum carried him to near the corner contrary to the one he had been at seconds before, before he was able to get up. Before referee Gibbs could get to Zárate to administer another protective-and in this case mandatory-eight second count, Gómez, in violation of boxing rules, got to Zárate and attempted to hit his opponent again, but Gibbs was able to separate the boxers. To add to the confusion, the bell signaling the end of round four had apparently rung before Zárate's second fall but the sound of it was inaudible due to the roar of the crowd celebrating the fight. Gómez was so enlivened by the action that he almost refused to sit down on his corner during the rest period between rounds four and five; starting the fifth, Gómez landed three stirring lefts to Zárate's head but the challenger traded blows to the body with the champion before another left hook jarred his head back; Gómez then connected with a right to the chin making Zárate buckle his knees after landing on the ropes. Gómez wanted to keep hitting Zárate and he did but referee Gibbs was able to separate the boxers with Zárate's head between two of the ring ropes.

Paragraph 6: Now with three lanes in each direction, the highway straddles the boundary between Salt Lake City and West Valley City, another suburb of the former. The road continues due east with diamond interchanges at 5600 West (SR-172) and Bangerter Highway (SR-154). Immediately following a single-point urban interchange (SPUI) at 3200 West, the freeway intersects I-215 in the form of a cloverleaf interchange. The road dips to the south slightly and, following two SPUIs at Redwood Road (SR-68) and 900 West, the freeway terminates at the Spaghetti Bowl interchange, giving eastbound motorists on SR-201 the option of continuing to I-15, I-80, 1300 South and 900 South. However, an eastbound traveler wanting to continue on the surface portion of SR-201 to State Street must exit on 900 West, head north briefly and then turn eastbound on 2100 South; a westbound traveler on 2100 South wishing to connect to the freeway must take an on-ramp from the surface street just before 900 West. Prior to 1997, this connection was direct. Now on the four-lane 2100 South, a secondary surface street, the route runs along the Salt Lake City-South Salt Lake border. State maintenance of 2100 South ends at the intersection of State Street (US-89).

Paragraph 7: Matsuda made her professional wrestling debut on March 11, 2022 at the World Wonder Ring Stardom's New Blood 1 event, dedicated to rookies, where she was defeated by Utami Hayashishita. Despite her loss, Hayashishita was impressed by the latter's performance, therefore inviting the debutant to join the Queen's Quest unit which Matsuda immediately accepted. On the first night of the Stardom World Climax 2022 from March 26, she teamed up with her new unit stablemates, Lady C and AZM, to compete in a six-woman tag team gauntlet match, won by Donna Del Mondo (Himeka, Natsupoi, and Mai Sakurai) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Waka Tsukiyama, Mina Shirakawa and Momo Kohgo), and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Fukigen Death and Ruaka). On the second night of the event from March 27, she competed in an 18-woman Cinderella Rumble match, in which she was eliminated by Mei Suruga. At the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2022 event, she was defeated by Hazuki in the first-round matches from April 3. At Stardom Flashing Champions on May 28, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against White Nights (Tam Nakano and Kairi). At Stardom Fight in the Top on June 26, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C in a losing effort against Stars (Momo Kohgo and Saya Iida). At Stardom New Blood 3 on July 8, 2022, Amasaki main evented the pay-per-view by falling short to Giulia. At Mid Summer Champions in Tokyo, the first event of the Stardom Mid Summer Champions which took place on July 24, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against God's Eye (Mirai and Ami Sourei). At Mid Summer Champions in Nagoya on July 24, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and Hina and fought in a three-way tag team match won by Prominence (Risa Sera, Hiragi Kurumi and Suzu Suzuki) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Mina Shirakawa, Unagi Sayaka and Hikari Shimizu). At Stardom in Showcase vol.1, Amasaki was the runner up of a Nagoya rumble match won by Gokigen Death. Matsuda competed in one of the two qualifying blocks for the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2022, where she finished on the second spot with a total of four points, missing the qualification to Ami Sourei. At Stardom x Stardom: Nagoya Midsummer Encounter on August 21, 2022, Matsuda unsuccessfully challenged Hanan for the Future of Stardom Championship. Five days later at Stardom New Blood 4, she main evented the show by falling short to Tam Nakano. After two months of  in-ring break, Matsuda returned on November 3, 2022 at Hiroshima Goddess Festival where she unsuccessfully competed in a five-way match won by AZM and also involving Lady C, Saya Iida, and Waka Tsukiyama. At Stardom Gold Rush on November 19, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and unsuccessfully competed in a three-way tag team match. Matsuda made her first appearance in the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League at the 2022 edition where she teamed up with her Queen's Quest sub-group of "02line" tag partner AZM and competed in the "Blue Goddess Block", fighting against the teams of BMI2000 (Natsuko Tora and Ruaka), MaiHime (Maika and Himeka), 7Upp (Nanae Takahashi and Yuu), The New Eras (Mirai and Ami Sourei), FWC (Hazuki and Koguma), Kawild Venus (Mina Shirakawa and Saki), and wing★gori (Hanan and Saya Iida).

Paragraph 8: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 9: Back in London, Jonathan celebrates being home from the hospital. He is among his friends- Arthur Holmwood and Lucy, Dr. John Seward, and Harker's wife, Mina. Jonathan is suffering from amnesia and has no recollection of what happened to him while he was abroad, and does not want to remember since he only knows that it was something unpleasant. Mina says that she hid his journal from him, so that he would not get upset by the memories. Lucy, meanwhile, is disappointed that he can't remember; she was looking forward to hearing what he had to say about the Carpathians since she shows interest in going there herself someday. She says she would like to borrow Jonathan's journal, and Lucy seems so impatient to do so she becomes agitated and passes out. Arthur reveals that Lucy suffers from a mysterious illness that left her pale and weak for three weeks. She also has two tiny wounds on her throat. Lucy's illness baffles Dr. Seward, so he sends for Professor Van Helsing to come from Holland to have a look at her. Van Helsing places garlic in Lucy's room and prescribes her garlic cream and peppermint tea. But Lucy removes the garlic, and Dracula enters her room. Lucy's mother, who was with her at that moment, dies of a heart attack. Lucy quickly fades away despite blood transfusion and beckons Arthur on her deathbed. Her teeth appear longer and sharper. Shortly afterward, Lucy dies and is buried. At Lucy's funeral, Mina suddenly turns around and then begins to walk towards something or somebody as if in a trance. Jonathan stops her and then sees the Count and recognizes him, but the Count vanishes. When Van Helsing asks him what's wrong, Jonathan says that he knows what's happened to him in the Carpathians and who is guilty of Lucy's death. Three nights after she was buried, Arthur is grieving in her room when he hears and sees Lucy calling to him outside. But Arthur understands that she is not Lucy anymore and repels her with garlic. Lucy leaves but wickedly promises Arthur that she will still get him, as he is still her groom. Van Helsing and others gather to discuss what they are to do now. Arthur tells them that Lucy came to him. Van Helsing shows them the newspaper, describing how three children have been kidnapped or wounded in the neck in the past few days after being kissed by a woman in white. While all the men are deeply concerned by this news, Mina is smiling strangely. Van Helsing tells them that they need to open the coffin of Lucy and cut her head off. Arthur is horrified and appalled, but Harker supports Professor. Van Helsing asks Jonathan to give him his journal, but when Harker asks his wife what she has done with it, Mina says she doesn't know what he is talking about. Jonathan finds the journal hidden among Mina's things, decides that she is tired and should go to bed.

Paragraph 10: After spending the majority of two seasons in the AHL, Milano played a career-high 55 games at the NHL level during the 2017–18 season. For the first time, he made the Blue Jackets roster directly out of training camp and immediately scored his first career NHL goal on October 6, 2017, to shut out the Islanders 5–0. He continued to produce and quickly accumulated four goals in his first three games of the season. As the season progressed, coach John Tortorella played Milano on the left wing on the third line where he averaged around 15 minutes a game and earned time on the power play. Despite his early success, Milano was sent back down to the Cleveland Monsters on December 3, 2017, after registering 10 points in 24 games. Coach Tortorella later explained that he was re-assigned due to an overflow of forwards in the lineup not as a result of his play. Milano recorded two assists through two games with the Monsters before being recalled back to the Blue Jackets on December 9. After continuing to go pointless in the NHL through the following four games, Milano was returned to the Monsters on December 22. However, as injuries quickly began to befall the Blue Jackets lineup, Milano and forward Jordan Schroeder were recalled to the NHL on December 26 an emergency basis. During this recall, Milano recorded his second two-goal game of the season in a loss to the Ottawa Senators on December 29. His overall play earned him an extended stay in the Blue Jackets lineup as he replaced Boone Jenner on the left wing of the second line. However, he shortly thereafter suffered a torn oblique muscle during a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs on January 8 and was expected to miss four to six weeks to recover. At the time of the injury, Milano had recorded eight goals and five assists for 13 points through 35 games. Once Milano was activated off of injured reserve on February 16, he was re-assigned to the AHL level. This would be Milano's last assignment as he was recalled to the NHL on February 26 and stayed with the team for the remainder of the season. He subsequently finished the 2017–18 AHL season with two goals and three assists for five points and four penalty minutes through nine contests. Upon returning to the Blue Jackets, Milano was often paired with centre Nick Foligno and right winger Oliver Bjorkstrand. However, Foligno was replaced with Brandon Dubinsky once he suffered a long-term injury in late March. As the Blue Jackets clinched a berth in the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs, Milano finished the regular season with 14 goals and 22 points in 55 games. Despite this, he was made a healthy scratch for Game 1 of the Stanley Cup first round to make room for Foligno's return. Milano made his post-season debut  in Game 2 as a replacement for an injured Alexander Wennberg. Milano played three games with the Blue Jackets during the postseason, averaging 6:45 minutes of ice time but recording no points, shots, or shot attempts.

Paragraph 11: After spending the majority of two seasons in the AHL, Milano played a career-high 55 games at the NHL level during the 2017–18 season. For the first time, he made the Blue Jackets roster directly out of training camp and immediately scored his first career NHL goal on October 6, 2017, to shut out the Islanders 5–0. He continued to produce and quickly accumulated four goals in his first three games of the season. As the season progressed, coach John Tortorella played Milano on the left wing on the third line where he averaged around 15 minutes a game and earned time on the power play. Despite his early success, Milano was sent back down to the Cleveland Monsters on December 3, 2017, after registering 10 points in 24 games. Coach Tortorella later explained that he was re-assigned due to an overflow of forwards in the lineup not as a result of his play. Milano recorded two assists through two games with the Monsters before being recalled back to the Blue Jackets on December 9. After continuing to go pointless in the NHL through the following four games, Milano was returned to the Monsters on December 22. However, as injuries quickly began to befall the Blue Jackets lineup, Milano and forward Jordan Schroeder were recalled to the NHL on December 26 an emergency basis. During this recall, Milano recorded his second two-goal game of the season in a loss to the Ottawa Senators on December 29. His overall play earned him an extended stay in the Blue Jackets lineup as he replaced Boone Jenner on the left wing of the second line. However, he shortly thereafter suffered a torn oblique muscle during a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs on January 8 and was expected to miss four to six weeks to recover. At the time of the injury, Milano had recorded eight goals and five assists for 13 points through 35 games. Once Milano was activated off of injured reserve on February 16, he was re-assigned to the AHL level. This would be Milano's last assignment as he was recalled to the NHL on February 26 and stayed with the team for the remainder of the season. He subsequently finished the 2017–18 AHL season with two goals and three assists for five points and four penalty minutes through nine contests. Upon returning to the Blue Jackets, Milano was often paired with centre Nick Foligno and right winger Oliver Bjorkstrand. However, Foligno was replaced with Brandon Dubinsky once he suffered a long-term injury in late March. As the Blue Jackets clinched a berth in the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs, Milano finished the regular season with 14 goals and 22 points in 55 games. Despite this, he was made a healthy scratch for Game 1 of the Stanley Cup first round to make room for Foligno's return. Milano made his post-season debut  in Game 2 as a replacement for an injured Alexander Wennberg. Milano played three games with the Blue Jackets during the postseason, averaging 6:45 minutes of ice time but recording no points, shots, or shot attempts.

Paragraph 12: In January 1944, the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill envisioned an attempt to outflank the Winter Line, by way of an amphibious assault near Anzio, to capture Rome, the current objective which was being fought for in the Battle of Monte Cassino. As a result, after fighting at the Bernhardt Line and crossing the Garigliano, the division was pulled out of the line, and was transferred to Naples, to come under command of U.S. VI Corps. Arriving at Anzio on 12 February, they were almost immediately involved in heavy combat in the Battle of Anzio in very tough and severe fighting to secure the beachhead, and sustained very heavy losses, which could not easily be replaced. In late March the division was relieved by the 5th British Division and moved to Egypt to rest, refit, retrain and absorb replacements, after sustaining devastating casualties and enduring terrible conditions similar to those of the trenches of the Western Front during the First World War. By the time they were relieved, casualties in the brigade, and the rest of 56th Division, by now very weak, had been so severe that one unit, the 7th Battalion, Oxford and Bucks Light Infantry, were reduced to 60 all ranks, less than a company, from an initial strength of almost 1,000 officers and men. Both Royal Fusiliers battalions had also suffered heavy casualties. In particular was the case of the 8th Battalion when, on 16 February during a heavy counterattack, X Company, was reduced to only one officer and 20 men. All that remained of Y Company was merely a single officer and 10 other ranks, after being heavily attacked by German infantry and Tiger tanks, which had fought against the battalion at Salerno. The battalion had, overall, suffered nearly 450 casualties at Anzio, more than half the strength of the battalion. During the fighting on 18 February, the worst day of the counterattack, Second lieutenant Eric Fletcher Walters was killed and his son, Pink Floyd star Roger Waters, wrote a song in his memory–When the Tigers Broke Free–which describes the death of his father.

Paragraph 13: The first three of a scheduled 15 rounds fight were even with champion Gómez and challenger Zárate trading on even terms. By the fourth round, however, Zárate's conditioning began to tell and Gómez connected with a good right to the temple as Zárate backed to the ring ropes. Zárate kept marching forward but the backpedaling champion Gómez then landed a left to Zárate's chin that foresaw things soon to follow; seconds later, Gómez connected a pinpoint right to Zárate's chin while Zárate's left hook missed. Another left stung Zárate but he nevertheless calmly kept pressing Gómez until a big left by Gómez, who by now was near a corner, caught the challenger square on his chin and he went down for the first knockdown of the contest; Gómez tried to attack him as he was on the canvas but referee Harry Gibbs of England intervened, sending him to a neutral corner. Zárate got up and received a standing eight count but Gómez pursued him to the same corner immediately and began punishing him with punches to the head and body there. The challenger courageously threw right hand crosses to Gómez's head in a bid to stop the incoming champion but half a dozen rights from the Puerto Rican deposited Zárate on the canvas for the second time; this time near ring center. Zárate's body landed with such force that momentum carried him to near the corner contrary to the one he had been at seconds before, before he was able to get up. Before referee Gibbs could get to Zárate to administer another protective-and in this case mandatory-eight second count, Gómez, in violation of boxing rules, got to Zárate and attempted to hit his opponent again, but Gibbs was able to separate the boxers. To add to the confusion, the bell signaling the end of round four had apparently rung before Zárate's second fall but the sound of it was inaudible due to the roar of the crowd celebrating the fight. Gómez was so enlivened by the action that he almost refused to sit down on his corner during the rest period between rounds four and five; starting the fifth, Gómez landed three stirring lefts to Zárate's head but the challenger traded blows to the body with the champion before another left hook jarred his head back; Gómez then connected with a right to the chin making Zárate buckle his knees after landing on the ropes. Gómez wanted to keep hitting Zárate and he did but referee Gibbs was able to separate the boxers with Zárate's head between two of the ring ropes.

Paragraph 14: In 1994 he released Gli ultimi tre giorni di Fernando Pessoa, as well as the novel that brought him the most recognition: Sostiene Pereira, winner of the Prizes Super Campiello, Scanno and Jean Monnet for European Literature. The protagonist of this novel becomes the symbol of the defence of freedom for information for the political opponents of all anti-democratic regimes. In Italy, during the election campaign, the opposition against the controversial communication magnate Silvio Berlusconi aggregated around this book. The director Roberto Faenza drew from it the eponymous film (1995) in which he cast Marcello Mastroianni as Pereira and Daniel Auteuil as Dr. Cardoso.

Paragraph 15: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.

Paragraph 16: Sarton later moved to York, Maine. In 1990, she was temporarily debilitated by a stroke. Since writing was difficult, she used a tape recorder to record and transcribe her journal Endgame: A Journal of the Seventy-Ninth Year (1992). Despite her physical difficulties, she maintained her sense of independence. Endgame was followed by the journal Encore: A Journal of the Eightieth Year (1993), a celebration of Sarton's life. She won the Levinson Prize for Poetry in 1993. Her final book, Coming Into Eighty (1995), published after her death, covers the year from July 1993 to August 1994, describing her attitude of gratitude for life as she wrestled with the experience of aging.

Paragraph 17: Houston got the ball first and on their opening play, they lost three yards on a screen pass. Once that was done, quarterback Warren Moon got them rolling all the way to the end zone. Despite two fumbled snaps on the drive, he completed 8/10 passes for 64 yards, including a 24-yarder to Haywood Jeffires, on a 16-play, 80-yard drive that took 9:14 off the clock and ended with his 5-yard touchdown pass to receiver Ernest Givins. New York had to punt on their first possession, but got the ball back with great field position when Erik McMillan intercepted Moon's pass on the Oilers' 39-yard line. The Jets then cashed in on their opportunity with a 9-play drive to score on Ken O'Brien's 10-yard touchdown pass to Al Toon, who made an athletic catch in the back of the end zone while barely managing to keep his feet in bounds. Later on, Bo Orlando intercepted a long pass from O'Brien on the Oilers' 25, and Moon led the team to a touchdown from there, completing passes to Drew Hill and Givins for 20 and 35 yards before Givins's 20-yard touchdown reception made the score 14–7 with 3:56 left in the half. New York ended up punting, but at the 1:10 mark, Houston's Al Del Greco missed a 46-yard field goal wide right. O'Brien then completed a pair of passes to Toon for 36 total yards on a drive to the Oilers' 16-yard line where Raúl Allegre kicked a 33-yard field goal to cut the deficit to 14–10 going into halftime.

Paragraph 18: Houston got the ball first and on their opening play, they lost three yards on a screen pass. Once that was done, quarterback Warren Moon got them rolling all the way to the end zone. Despite two fumbled snaps on the drive, he completed 8/10 passes for 64 yards, including a 24-yarder to Haywood Jeffires, on a 16-play, 80-yard drive that took 9:14 off the clock and ended with his 5-yard touchdown pass to receiver Ernest Givins. New York had to punt on their first possession, but got the ball back with great field position when Erik McMillan intercepted Moon's pass on the Oilers' 39-yard line. The Jets then cashed in on their opportunity with a 9-play drive to score on Ken O'Brien's 10-yard touchdown pass to Al Toon, who made an athletic catch in the back of the end zone while barely managing to keep his feet in bounds. Later on, Bo Orlando intercepted a long pass from O'Brien on the Oilers' 25, and Moon led the team to a touchdown from there, completing passes to Drew Hill and Givins for 20 and 35 yards before Givins's 20-yard touchdown reception made the score 14–7 with 3:56 left in the half. New York ended up punting, but at the 1:10 mark, Houston's Al Del Greco missed a 46-yard field goal wide right. O'Brien then completed a pair of passes to Toon for 36 total yards on a drive to the Oilers' 16-yard line where Raúl Allegre kicked a 33-yard field goal to cut the deficit to 14–10 going into halftime.

Paragraph 19: In 1994 he released Gli ultimi tre giorni di Fernando Pessoa, as well as the novel that brought him the most recognition: Sostiene Pereira, winner of the Prizes Super Campiello, Scanno and Jean Monnet for European Literature. The protagonist of this novel becomes the symbol of the defence of freedom for information for the political opponents of all anti-democratic regimes. In Italy, during the election campaign, the opposition against the controversial communication magnate Silvio Berlusconi aggregated around this book. The director Roberto Faenza drew from it the eponymous film (1995) in which he cast Marcello Mastroianni as Pereira and Daniel Auteuil as Dr. Cardoso.

Paragraph 20: Justin arrives with his mother Liz, identical twin sisters Mel and Sophie, Liz's partner Richard Taylor and his children Darlene and Ali. Justin often rivals with the pair and always finds it hard to accept the Taylor clan as part of his family. Justin's world is torn apart after he discovers that his father had committed suicide, as Justin thought he died of a heart attack. Feeling confused of why his father had done this and angry that his mother had hid the truth, Justin's behaviour goes out of control as he begins to take drugs and skips school. Justin starts stealing from his family to pay for his drug habit and his bad attitude begins to unsettle the family. Justin starts to hang around the wrong crowd, including his new best friend, Macki, who Justin buys his drugs from. Macki encourages Justin to distract the others in their class including Justin's stepbrother Ali and his friend Nicole Owen. It is not long before his actions take a serious effect. During Darlene’s 18th birthday, Justin pushes her through a window which leaves her face scarred. Liz tries to force him to apologise so Justin hits her. This leaves Liz with no choice and she forces Justin to go to a boot camp. When he arrives, Justin makes friends with a girl called Paula. The pair start to rebel against the camp counsellors. One of the counsellors reads a letter Darlene had written about Justin. He slowly learns about the mistakes he made and realises he has to do a lot of making up to his family. Justin returns home and tries to convince his family that he has changed for the better, but they need more evidence. Gradually, Justin begins to gain his family's trust He builds a close relationship with Ali and he also contributes money towards Darlene’s plastic surgery for her scar. Justin begins developing a crush on his teacher Becca Dean when she starts helping him with his GCSEs.

Paragraph 21: Matsuda made her professional wrestling debut on March 11, 2022 at the World Wonder Ring Stardom's New Blood 1 event, dedicated to rookies, where she was defeated by Utami Hayashishita. Despite her loss, Hayashishita was impressed by the latter's performance, therefore inviting the debutant to join the Queen's Quest unit which Matsuda immediately accepted. On the first night of the Stardom World Climax 2022 from March 26, she teamed up with her new unit stablemates, Lady C and AZM, to compete in a six-woman tag team gauntlet match, won by Donna Del Mondo (Himeka, Natsupoi, and Mai Sakurai) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Waka Tsukiyama, Mina Shirakawa and Momo Kohgo), and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Fukigen Death and Ruaka). On the second night of the event from March 27, she competed in an 18-woman Cinderella Rumble match, in which she was eliminated by Mei Suruga. At the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2022 event, she was defeated by Hazuki in the first-round matches from April 3. At Stardom Flashing Champions on May 28, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against White Nights (Tam Nakano and Kairi). At Stardom Fight in the Top on June 26, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C in a losing effort against Stars (Momo Kohgo and Saya Iida). At Stardom New Blood 3 on July 8, 2022, Amasaki main evented the pay-per-view by falling short to Giulia. At Mid Summer Champions in Tokyo, the first event of the Stardom Mid Summer Champions which took place on July 24, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against God's Eye (Mirai and Ami Sourei). At Mid Summer Champions in Nagoya on July 24, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and Hina and fought in a three-way tag team match won by Prominence (Risa Sera, Hiragi Kurumi and Suzu Suzuki) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Mina Shirakawa, Unagi Sayaka and Hikari Shimizu). At Stardom in Showcase vol.1, Amasaki was the runner up of a Nagoya rumble match won by Gokigen Death. Matsuda competed in one of the two qualifying blocks for the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2022, where she finished on the second spot with a total of four points, missing the qualification to Ami Sourei. At Stardom x Stardom: Nagoya Midsummer Encounter on August 21, 2022, Matsuda unsuccessfully challenged Hanan for the Future of Stardom Championship. Five days later at Stardom New Blood 4, she main evented the show by falling short to Tam Nakano. After two months of  in-ring break, Matsuda returned on November 3, 2022 at Hiroshima Goddess Festival where she unsuccessfully competed in a five-way match won by AZM and also involving Lady C, Saya Iida, and Waka Tsukiyama. At Stardom Gold Rush on November 19, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and unsuccessfully competed in a three-way tag team match. Matsuda made her first appearance in the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League at the 2022 edition where she teamed up with her Queen's Quest sub-group of "02line" tag partner AZM and competed in the "Blue Goddess Block", fighting against the teams of BMI2000 (Natsuko Tora and Ruaka), MaiHime (Maika and Himeka), 7Upp (Nanae Takahashi and Yuu), The New Eras (Mirai and Ami Sourei), FWC (Hazuki and Koguma), Kawild Venus (Mina Shirakawa and Saki), and wing★gori (Hanan and Saya Iida).

Paragraph 22: In January 1944, the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill envisioned an attempt to outflank the Winter Line, by way of an amphibious assault near Anzio, to capture Rome, the current objective which was being fought for in the Battle of Monte Cassino. As a result, after fighting at the Bernhardt Line and crossing the Garigliano, the division was pulled out of the line, and was transferred to Naples, to come under command of U.S. VI Corps. Arriving at Anzio on 12 February, they were almost immediately involved in heavy combat in the Battle of Anzio in very tough and severe fighting to secure the beachhead, and sustained very heavy losses, which could not easily be replaced. In late March the division was relieved by the 5th British Division and moved to Egypt to rest, refit, retrain and absorb replacements, after sustaining devastating casualties and enduring terrible conditions similar to those of the trenches of the Western Front during the First World War. By the time they were relieved, casualties in the brigade, and the rest of 56th Division, by now very weak, had been so severe that one unit, the 7th Battalion, Oxford and Bucks Light Infantry, were reduced to 60 all ranks, less than a company, from an initial strength of almost 1,000 officers and men. Both Royal Fusiliers battalions had also suffered heavy casualties. In particular was the case of the 8th Battalion when, on 16 February during a heavy counterattack, X Company, was reduced to only one officer and 20 men. All that remained of Y Company was merely a single officer and 10 other ranks, after being heavily attacked by German infantry and Tiger tanks, which had fought against the battalion at Salerno. The battalion had, overall, suffered nearly 450 casualties at Anzio, more than half the strength of the battalion. During the fighting on 18 February, the worst day of the counterattack, Second lieutenant Eric Fletcher Walters was killed and his son, Pink Floyd star Roger Waters, wrote a song in his memory–When the Tigers Broke Free–which describes the death of his father.

Paragraph 23: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 24: Back in London, Jonathan celebrates being home from the hospital. He is among his friends- Arthur Holmwood and Lucy, Dr. John Seward, and Harker's wife, Mina. Jonathan is suffering from amnesia and has no recollection of what happened to him while he was abroad, and does not want to remember since he only knows that it was something unpleasant. Mina says that she hid his journal from him, so that he would not get upset by the memories. Lucy, meanwhile, is disappointed that he can't remember; she was looking forward to hearing what he had to say about the Carpathians since she shows interest in going there herself someday. She says she would like to borrow Jonathan's journal, and Lucy seems so impatient to do so she becomes agitated and passes out. Arthur reveals that Lucy suffers from a mysterious illness that left her pale and weak for three weeks. She also has two tiny wounds on her throat. Lucy's illness baffles Dr. Seward, so he sends for Professor Van Helsing to come from Holland to have a look at her. Van Helsing places garlic in Lucy's room and prescribes her garlic cream and peppermint tea. But Lucy removes the garlic, and Dracula enters her room. Lucy's mother, who was with her at that moment, dies of a heart attack. Lucy quickly fades away despite blood transfusion and beckons Arthur on her deathbed. Her teeth appear longer and sharper. Shortly afterward, Lucy dies and is buried. At Lucy's funeral, Mina suddenly turns around and then begins to walk towards something or somebody as if in a trance. Jonathan stops her and then sees the Count and recognizes him, but the Count vanishes. When Van Helsing asks him what's wrong, Jonathan says that he knows what's happened to him in the Carpathians and who is guilty of Lucy's death. Three nights after she was buried, Arthur is grieving in her room when he hears and sees Lucy calling to him outside. But Arthur understands that she is not Lucy anymore and repels her with garlic. Lucy leaves but wickedly promises Arthur that she will still get him, as he is still her groom. Van Helsing and others gather to discuss what they are to do now. Arthur tells them that Lucy came to him. Van Helsing shows them the newspaper, describing how three children have been kidnapped or wounded in the neck in the past few days after being kissed by a woman in white. While all the men are deeply concerned by this news, Mina is smiling strangely. Van Helsing tells them that they need to open the coffin of Lucy and cut her head off. Arthur is horrified and appalled, but Harker supports Professor. Van Helsing asks Jonathan to give him his journal, but when Harker asks his wife what she has done with it, Mina says she doesn't know what he is talking about. Jonathan finds the journal hidden among Mina's things, decides that she is tired and should go to bed.

Paragraph 25: Now with three lanes in each direction, the highway straddles the boundary between Salt Lake City and West Valley City, another suburb of the former. The road continues due east with diamond interchanges at 5600 West (SR-172) and Bangerter Highway (SR-154). Immediately following a single-point urban interchange (SPUI) at 3200 West, the freeway intersects I-215 in the form of a cloverleaf interchange. The road dips to the south slightly and, following two SPUIs at Redwood Road (SR-68) and 900 West, the freeway terminates at the Spaghetti Bowl interchange, giving eastbound motorists on SR-201 the option of continuing to I-15, I-80, 1300 South and 900 South. However, an eastbound traveler wanting to continue on the surface portion of SR-201 to State Street must exit on 900 West, head north briefly and then turn eastbound on 2100 South; a westbound traveler on 2100 South wishing to connect to the freeway must take an on-ramp from the surface street just before 900 West. Prior to 1997, this connection was direct. Now on the four-lane 2100 South, a secondary surface street, the route runs along the Salt Lake City-South Salt Lake border. State maintenance of 2100 South ends at the intersection of State Street (US-89).

Paragraph 26: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.

Paragraph 27: Matsuda made her professional wrestling debut on March 11, 2022 at the World Wonder Ring Stardom's New Blood 1 event, dedicated to rookies, where she was defeated by Utami Hayashishita. Despite her loss, Hayashishita was impressed by the latter's performance, therefore inviting the debutant to join the Queen's Quest unit which Matsuda immediately accepted. On the first night of the Stardom World Climax 2022 from March 26, she teamed up with her new unit stablemates, Lady C and AZM, to compete in a six-woman tag team gauntlet match, won by Donna Del Mondo (Himeka, Natsupoi, and Mai Sakurai) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Waka Tsukiyama, Mina Shirakawa and Momo Kohgo), and Oedo Tai (Saki Kashima, Fukigen Death and Ruaka). On the second night of the event from March 27, she competed in an 18-woman Cinderella Rumble match, in which she was eliminated by Mei Suruga. At the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2022 event, she was defeated by Hazuki in the first-round matches from April 3. At Stardom Flashing Champions on May 28, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against White Nights (Tam Nakano and Kairi). At Stardom Fight in the Top on June 26, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C in a losing effort against Stars (Momo Kohgo and Saya Iida). At Stardom New Blood 3 on July 8, 2022, Amasaki main evented the pay-per-view by falling short to Giulia. At Mid Summer Champions in Tokyo, the first event of the Stardom Mid Summer Champions which took place on July 24, 2022, Amasaki teamed up with Utami Hayashishita in a losing effort against God's Eye (Mirai and Ami Sourei). At Mid Summer Champions in Nagoya on July 24, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and Hina and fought in a three-way tag team match won by Prominence (Risa Sera, Hiragi Kurumi and Suzu Suzuki) and also involving Cosmic Angels (Mina Shirakawa, Unagi Sayaka and Hikari Shimizu). At Stardom in Showcase vol.1, Amasaki was the runner up of a Nagoya rumble match won by Gokigen Death. Matsuda competed in one of the two qualifying blocks for the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2022, where she finished on the second spot with a total of four points, missing the qualification to Ami Sourei. At Stardom x Stardom: Nagoya Midsummer Encounter on August 21, 2022, Matsuda unsuccessfully challenged Hanan for the Future of Stardom Championship. Five days later at Stardom New Blood 4, she main evented the show by falling short to Tam Nakano. After two months of  in-ring break, Matsuda returned on November 3, 2022 at Hiroshima Goddess Festival where she unsuccessfully competed in a five-way match won by AZM and also involving Lady C, Saya Iida, and Waka Tsukiyama. At Stardom Gold Rush on November 19, 2022, she teamed up with Lady C and unsuccessfully competed in a three-way tag team match. Matsuda made her first appearance in the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League at the 2022 edition where she teamed up with her Queen's Quest sub-group of "02line" tag partner AZM and competed in the "Blue Goddess Block", fighting against the teams of BMI2000 (Natsuko Tora and Ruaka), MaiHime (Maika and Himeka), 7Upp (Nanae Takahashi and Yuu), The New Eras (Mirai and Ami Sourei), FWC (Hazuki and Koguma), Kawild Venus (Mina Shirakawa and Saki), and wing★gori (Hanan and Saya Iida).

Paragraph 28: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 29: In January 1944, the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill envisioned an attempt to outflank the Winter Line, by way of an amphibious assault near Anzio, to capture Rome, the current objective which was being fought for in the Battle of Monte Cassino. As a result, after fighting at the Bernhardt Line and crossing the Garigliano, the division was pulled out of the line, and was transferred to Naples, to come under command of U.S. VI Corps. Arriving at Anzio on 12 February, they were almost immediately involved in heavy combat in the Battle of Anzio in very tough and severe fighting to secure the beachhead, and sustained very heavy losses, which could not easily be replaced. In late March the division was relieved by the 5th British Division and moved to Egypt to rest, refit, retrain and absorb replacements, after sustaining devastating casualties and enduring terrible conditions similar to those of the trenches of the Western Front during the First World War. By the time they were relieved, casualties in the brigade, and the rest of 56th Division, by now very weak, had been so severe that one unit, the 7th Battalion, Oxford and Bucks Light Infantry, were reduced to 60 all ranks, less than a company, from an initial strength of almost 1,000 officers and men. Both Royal Fusiliers battalions had also suffered heavy casualties. In particular was the case of the 8th Battalion when, on 16 February during a heavy counterattack, X Company, was reduced to only one officer and 20 men. All that remained of Y Company was merely a single officer and 10 other ranks, after being heavily attacked by German infantry and Tiger tanks, which had fought against the battalion at Salerno. The battalion had, overall, suffered nearly 450 casualties at Anzio, more than half the strength of the battalion. During the fighting on 18 February, the worst day of the counterattack, Second lieutenant Eric Fletcher Walters was killed and his son, Pink Floyd star Roger Waters, wrote a song in his memory–When the Tigers Broke Free–which describes the death of his father.

Paragraph 30: Sarton later moved to York, Maine. In 1990, she was temporarily debilitated by a stroke. Since writing was difficult, she used a tape recorder to record and transcribe her journal Endgame: A Journal of the Seventy-Ninth Year (1992). Despite her physical difficulties, she maintained her sense of independence. Endgame was followed by the journal Encore: A Journal of the Eightieth Year (1993), a celebration of Sarton's life. She won the Levinson Prize for Poetry in 1993. Her final book, Coming Into Eighty (1995), published after her death, covers the year from July 1993 to August 1994, describing her attitude of gratitude for life as she wrestled with the experience of aging.

Paragraph 31: Justin arrives with his mother Liz, identical twin sisters Mel and Sophie, Liz's partner Richard Taylor and his children Darlene and Ali. Justin often rivals with the pair and always finds it hard to accept the Taylor clan as part of his family. Justin's world is torn apart after he discovers that his father had committed suicide, as Justin thought he died of a heart attack. Feeling confused of why his father had done this and angry that his mother had hid the truth, Justin's behaviour goes out of control as he begins to take drugs and skips school. Justin starts stealing from his family to pay for his drug habit and his bad attitude begins to unsettle the family. Justin starts to hang around the wrong crowd, including his new best friend, Macki, who Justin buys his drugs from. Macki encourages Justin to distract the others in their class including Justin's stepbrother Ali and his friend Nicole Owen. It is not long before his actions take a serious effect. During Darlene’s 18th birthday, Justin pushes her through a window which leaves her face scarred. Liz tries to force him to apologise so Justin hits her. This leaves Liz with no choice and she forces Justin to go to a boot camp. When he arrives, Justin makes friends with a girl called Paula. The pair start to rebel against the camp counsellors. One of the counsellors reads a letter Darlene had written about Justin. He slowly learns about the mistakes he made and realises he has to do a lot of making up to his family. Justin returns home and tries to convince his family that he has changed for the better, but they need more evidence. Gradually, Justin begins to gain his family's trust He builds a close relationship with Ali and he also contributes money towards Darlene’s plastic surgery for her scar. Justin begins developing a crush on his teacher Becca Dean when she starts helping him with his GCSEs.

Paragraph 32: In 1994 he released Gli ultimi tre giorni di Fernando Pessoa, as well as the novel that brought him the most recognition: Sostiene Pereira, winner of the Prizes Super Campiello, Scanno and Jean Monnet for European Literature. The protagonist of this novel becomes the symbol of the defence of freedom for information for the political opponents of all anti-democratic regimes. In Italy, during the election campaign, the opposition against the controversial communication magnate Silvio Berlusconi aggregated around this book. The director Roberto Faenza drew from it the eponymous film (1995) in which he cast Marcello Mastroianni as Pereira and Daniel Auteuil as Dr. Cardoso.

Paragraph 33: Sarton later moved to York, Maine. In 1990, she was temporarily debilitated by a stroke. Since writing was difficult, she used a tape recorder to record and transcribe her journal Endgame: A Journal of the Seventy-Ninth Year (1992). Despite her physical difficulties, she maintained her sense of independence. Endgame was followed by the journal Encore: A Journal of the Eightieth Year (1993), a celebration of Sarton's life. She won the Levinson Prize for Poetry in 1993. Her final book, Coming Into Eighty (1995), published after her death, covers the year from July 1993 to August 1994, describing her attitude of gratitude for life as she wrestled with the experience of aging.

Paragraph 34: The first three of a scheduled 15 rounds fight were even with champion Gómez and challenger Zárate trading on even terms. By the fourth round, however, Zárate's conditioning began to tell and Gómez connected with a good right to the temple as Zárate backed to the ring ropes. Zárate kept marching forward but the backpedaling champion Gómez then landed a left to Zárate's chin that foresaw things soon to follow; seconds later, Gómez connected a pinpoint right to Zárate's chin while Zárate's left hook missed. Another left stung Zárate but he nevertheless calmly kept pressing Gómez until a big left by Gómez, who by now was near a corner, caught the challenger square on his chin and he went down for the first knockdown of the contest; Gómez tried to attack him as he was on the canvas but referee Harry Gibbs of England intervened, sending him to a neutral corner. Zárate got up and received a standing eight count but Gómez pursued him to the same corner immediately and began punishing him with punches to the head and body there. The challenger courageously threw right hand crosses to Gómez's head in a bid to stop the incoming champion but half a dozen rights from the Puerto Rican deposited Zárate on the canvas for the second time; this time near ring center. Zárate's body landed with such force that momentum carried him to near the corner contrary to the one he had been at seconds before, before he was able to get up. Before referee Gibbs could get to Zárate to administer another protective-and in this case mandatory-eight second count, Gómez, in violation of boxing rules, got to Zárate and attempted to hit his opponent again, but Gibbs was able to separate the boxers. To add to the confusion, the bell signaling the end of round four had apparently rung before Zárate's second fall but the sound of it was inaudible due to the roar of the crowd celebrating the fight. Gómez was so enlivened by the action that he almost refused to sit down on his corner during the rest period between rounds four and five; starting the fifth, Gómez landed three stirring lefts to Zárate's head but the challenger traded blows to the body with the champion before another left hook jarred his head back; Gómez then connected with a right to the chin making Zárate buckle his knees after landing on the ropes. Gómez wanted to keep hitting Zárate and he did but referee Gibbs was able to separate the boxers with Zárate's head between two of the ring ropes.

Paragraph 35: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 36: The Yankees matched the Reds in hits with 27, but out-homered them 7–0 and out-scored them 20–8.  Keller led the Yanks with seven hits, three home runs, six RBI, eight runs scored, a .438 average and a 1.188 slugging percentage. Both teams played sterling defense for most of the series until the ninth inning of Game 4. Up until then the Reds matched the Yankees with committing just one error for the series. But Cincinnati committed a total of three errors in the ninth and 10th innings of Game 4 which led to five unearned runs, sealing the New York sweep.

Paragraph 37: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.

Paragraph 38: Back in London, Jonathan celebrates being home from the hospital. He is among his friends- Arthur Holmwood and Lucy, Dr. John Seward, and Harker's wife, Mina. Jonathan is suffering from amnesia and has no recollection of what happened to him while he was abroad, and does not want to remember since he only knows that it was something unpleasant. Mina says that she hid his journal from him, so that he would not get upset by the memories. Lucy, meanwhile, is disappointed that he can't remember; she was looking forward to hearing what he had to say about the Carpathians since she shows interest in going there herself someday. She says she would like to borrow Jonathan's journal, and Lucy seems so impatient to do so she becomes agitated and passes out. Arthur reveals that Lucy suffers from a mysterious illness that left her pale and weak for three weeks. She also has two tiny wounds on her throat. Lucy's illness baffles Dr. Seward, so he sends for Professor Van Helsing to come from Holland to have a look at her. Van Helsing places garlic in Lucy's room and prescribes her garlic cream and peppermint tea. But Lucy removes the garlic, and Dracula enters her room. Lucy's mother, who was with her at that moment, dies of a heart attack. Lucy quickly fades away despite blood transfusion and beckons Arthur on her deathbed. Her teeth appear longer and sharper. Shortly afterward, Lucy dies and is buried. At Lucy's funeral, Mina suddenly turns around and then begins to walk towards something or somebody as if in a trance. Jonathan stops her and then sees the Count and recognizes him, but the Count vanishes. When Van Helsing asks him what's wrong, Jonathan says that he knows what's happened to him in the Carpathians and who is guilty of Lucy's death. Three nights after she was buried, Arthur is grieving in her room when he hears and sees Lucy calling to him outside. But Arthur understands that she is not Lucy anymore and repels her with garlic. Lucy leaves but wickedly promises Arthur that she will still get him, as he is still her groom. Van Helsing and others gather to discuss what they are to do now. Arthur tells them that Lucy came to him. Van Helsing shows them the newspaper, describing how three children have been kidnapped or wounded in the neck in the past few days after being kissed by a woman in white. While all the men are deeply concerned by this news, Mina is smiling strangely. Van Helsing tells them that they need to open the coffin of Lucy and cut her head off. Arthur is horrified and appalled, but Harker supports Professor. Van Helsing asks Jonathan to give him his journal, but when Harker asks his wife what she has done with it, Mina says she doesn't know what he is talking about. Jonathan finds the journal hidden among Mina's things, decides that she is tired and should go to bed.

Paragraph 39: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.

Paragraph 40: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 41: Lara has produced many pieces across varying mediums in her career. Some of her most important individual exhibitions have been Tijeras, in San Carlos (1977); Glaciers, at the Visual Arts Centre in Austin, Texas (2010); Titubeos, in the Mexican Art Gallery, (2011); Animations: Magali Lara, at the Amparo Museum in Puebla, (2012). Her first solo exhibition Tijeras featured ten drawings with texts in the style of comic books and an artist's book. She worked in the Março Group and collaborated with the Non-Group in the seventies. More recently, in 2014, BATIENTE 0.5, at Casa del Lago. Lara has also collaborated in collective projects such as The Age of Discrepancy: Art and Visual Culture of Mexico 1968-1997, which took place at the University Museum of Science and Arts (MUCA Campus), (2007); as well as A Possible Day, in collaboration with Javier Torres Maldonado, at , Centre National de Création Musicale in Paris, (2011), among others. In addition, she participated in the 5th Ibero-American Art Biennial, (1986); at the Third Monterrey Biennial, (1996), and at the V Biennial of Standards, in Tijuana, Baja California, (2008). She has been a beneficiary of the National System of Creators of the National Council for Culture and the Arts since 1994, and she won the Artist's Book Award with the book Que horte en ti lo que se pertene, in the framework of the International Fair of Artist's book, LÍA. Her work is housed in various museums and galleries, such as the Carrillo Gil Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the National Bank of Mexico, the University Museum of Contemporary Art and the Mexican Art Gallery. In recent years she has collaborated in projects on drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. In addition, she has shown interest in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different mediums, as well as having worked with different materials. She is currently collaborating on editorial projects with Ediciones Acapulco and is a counsellor for Casa del Lago, which belongs to the UNAM. Her interest in artist books is well-known. She organised several artist book shows for the United States and Brazil. In the eighties, she published visual poems in different specialised magazines. She began to explore painting and engraving, moving away from the groups to start a more personal investigation. In recent years she has collaborated in projects involving drawing, digital graphics, ceramics and animation. She is interested in the different ways in which contemporary graphic thinking can appear in different supports using different materials.

Paragraph 42: Justin arrives with his mother Liz, identical twin sisters Mel and Sophie, Liz's partner Richard Taylor and his children Darlene and Ali. Justin often rivals with the pair and always finds it hard to accept the Taylor clan as part of his family. Justin's world is torn apart after he discovers that his father had committed suicide, as Justin thought he died of a heart attack. Feeling confused of why his father had done this and angry that his mother had hid the truth, Justin's behaviour goes out of control as he begins to take drugs and skips school. Justin starts stealing from his family to pay for his drug habit and his bad attitude begins to unsettle the family. Justin starts to hang around the wrong crowd, including his new best friend, Macki, who Justin buys his drugs from. Macki encourages Justin to distract the others in their class including Justin's stepbrother Ali and his friend Nicole Owen. It is not long before his actions take a serious effect. During Darlene’s 18th birthday, Justin pushes her through a window which leaves her face scarred. Liz tries to force him to apologise so Justin hits her. This leaves Liz with no choice and she forces Justin to go to a boot camp. When he arrives, Justin makes friends with a girl called Paula. The pair start to rebel against the camp counsellors. One of the counsellors reads a letter Darlene had written about Justin. He slowly learns about the mistakes he made and realises he has to do a lot of making up to his family. Justin returns home and tries to convince his family that he has changed for the better, but they need more evidence. Gradually, Justin begins to gain his family's trust He builds a close relationship with Ali and he also contributes money towards Darlene’s plastic surgery for her scar. Justin begins developing a crush on his teacher Becca Dean when she starts helping him with his GCSEs.

Paragraph 43: Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth is a fanboy of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. Silk visits her hometown with Ramakanth and is happy to see the crowd gathering around to see her, but is left heartbroken as her mother slams the door on her face. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms about doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila criticizes Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid a scandal and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge, she tries to outshine Shakeela by dancing more and more erotically and finally intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who had been planning to introduce Silk to his parents as a prospective bride. Ramakanth then decides to end their relationship. Silk says she has no shame about what she is, and drives away Ramakanth. Silk also walks out from a film set when the director calls her out for being inattentive at the shoot. The film transitions 2 months after the incident. To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her mother, Silk, who had already been into drinking and smoking, goes full-fledged turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She shows symptoms of depression. She also gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Selva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film starring himself, containing commercial eroticism and that turns out to be a huge hit. He feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that he has defeated Silk. But Abraham takes a liking towards Silk even though he claims that he hate her. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape. She has several visions of her past and encounters Rathnamma's shop on the way and tries to hide from being seen by her. Completely heartbroken and inundated with substance abuse, she reaches her house and cries bitterly.

Paragraph 44: One of the first dendrimers, the Newkome dendrimer, was synthesized in 1985. This macromolecule is also commonly known by the name arborol. The figure outlines the mechanism of the first two generations of arborol through a divergent route (discussed below). The synthesis is started by nucleophilic substitution of 1-bromopentane by triethyl sodiomethanetricarboxylate in dimethylformamide and benzene. The ester groups were then reduced by lithium aluminium hydride to a triol in a deprotection step. Activation of the chain ends was achieved by converting the alcohol groups to tosylate groups with tosyl chloride and pyridine. The tosyl group then served as leaving groups in another reaction with the tricarboxylate, forming generation two. Further repetition of the two steps leads to higher generations of arborol.

Paragraph 45: The Yankees matched the Reds in hits with 27, but out-homered them 7–0 and out-scored them 20–8.  Keller led the Yanks with seven hits, three home runs, six RBI, eight runs scored, a .438 average and a 1.188 slugging percentage. Both teams played sterling defense for most of the series until the ninth inning of Game 4. Up until then the Reds matched the Yankees with committing just one error for the series. But Cincinnati committed a total of three errors in the ninth and 10th innings of Game 4 which led to five unearned runs, sealing the New York sweep.

Paragraph 46: One of the first dendrimers, the Newkome dendrimer, was synthesized in 1985. This macromolecule is also commonly known by the name arborol. The figure outlines the mechanism of the first two generations of arborol through a divergent route (discussed below). The synthesis is started by nucleophilic substitution of 1-bromopentane by triethyl sodiomethanetricarboxylate in dimethylformamide and benzene. The ester groups were then reduced by lithium aluminium hydride to a triol in a deprotection step. Activation of the chain ends was achieved by converting the alcohol groups to tosylate groups with tosyl chloride and pyridine. The tosyl group then served as leaving groups in another reaction with the tricarboxylate, forming generation two. Further repetition of the two steps leads to higher generations of arborol.

Paragraph 47: Back in London, Jonathan celebrates being home from the hospital. He is among his friends- Arthur Holmwood and Lucy, Dr. John Seward, and Harker's wife, Mina. Jonathan is suffering from amnesia and has no recollection of what happened to him while he was abroad, and does not want to remember since he only knows that it was something unpleasant. Mina says that she hid his journal from him, so that he would not get upset by the memories. Lucy, meanwhile, is disappointed that he can't remember; she was looking forward to hearing what he had to say about the Carpathians since she shows interest in going there herself someday. She says she would like to borrow Jonathan's journal, and Lucy seems so impatient to do so she becomes agitated and passes out. Arthur reveals that Lucy suffers from a mysterious illness that left her pale and weak for three weeks. She also has two tiny wounds on her throat. Lucy's illness baffles Dr. Seward, so he sends for Professor Van Helsing to come from Holland to have a look at her. Van Helsing places garlic in Lucy's room and prescribes her garlic cream and peppermint tea. But Lucy removes the garlic, and Dracula enters her room. Lucy's mother, who was with her at that moment, dies of a heart attack. Lucy quickly fades away despite blood transfusion and beckons Arthur on her deathbed. Her teeth appear longer and sharper. Shortly afterward, Lucy dies and is buried. At Lucy's funeral, Mina suddenly turns around and then begins to walk towards something or somebody as if in a trance. Jonathan stops her and then sees the Count and recognizes him, but the Count vanishes. When Van Helsing asks him what's wrong, Jonathan says that he knows what's happened to him in the Carpathians and who is guilty of Lucy's death. Three nights after she was buried, Arthur is grieving in her room when he hears and sees Lucy calling to him outside. But Arthur understands that she is not Lucy anymore and repels her with garlic. Lucy leaves but wickedly promises Arthur that she will still get him, as he is still her groom. Van Helsing and others gather to discuss what they are to do now. Arthur tells them that Lucy came to him. Van Helsing shows them the newspaper, describing how three children have been kidnapped or wounded in the neck in the past few days after being kissed by a woman in white. While all the men are deeply concerned by this news, Mina is smiling strangely. Van Helsing tells them that they need to open the coffin of Lucy and cut her head off. Arthur is horrified and appalled, but Harker supports Professor. Van Helsing asks Jonathan to give him his journal, but when Harker asks his wife what she has done with it, Mina says she doesn't know what he is talking about. Jonathan finds the journal hidden among Mina's things, decides that she is tired and should go to bed.

Paragraph 48: After spending the majority of two seasons in the AHL, Milano played a career-high 55 games at the NHL level during the 2017–18 season. For the first time, he made the Blue Jackets roster directly out of training camp and immediately scored his first career NHL goal on October 6, 2017, to shut out the Islanders 5–0. He continued to produce and quickly accumulated four goals in his first three games of the season. As the season progressed, coach John Tortorella played Milano on the left wing on the third line where he averaged around 15 minutes a game and earned time on the power play. Despite his early success, Milano was sent back down to the Cleveland Monsters on December 3, 2017, after registering 10 points in 24 games. Coach Tortorella later explained that he was re-assigned due to an overflow of forwards in the lineup not as a result of his play. Milano recorded two assists through two games with the Monsters before being recalled back to the Blue Jackets on December 9. After continuing to go pointless in the NHL through the following four games, Milano was returned to the Monsters on December 22. However, as injuries quickly began to befall the Blue Jackets lineup, Milano and forward Jordan Schroeder were recalled to the NHL on December 26 an emergency basis. During this recall, Milano recorded his second two-goal game of the season in a loss to the Ottawa Senators on December 29. His overall play earned him an extended stay in the Blue Jackets lineup as he replaced Boone Jenner on the left wing of the second line. However, he shortly thereafter suffered a torn oblique muscle during a game against the Toronto Maple Leafs on January 8 and was expected to miss four to six weeks to recover. At the time of the injury, Milano had recorded eight goals and five assists for 13 points through 35 games. Once Milano was activated off of injured reserve on February 16, he was re-assigned to the AHL level. This would be Milano's last assignment as he was recalled to the NHL on February 26 and stayed with the team for the remainder of the season. He subsequently finished the 2017–18 AHL season with two goals and three assists for five points and four penalty minutes through nine contests. Upon returning to the Blue Jackets, Milano was often paired with centre Nick Foligno and right winger Oliver Bjorkstrand. However, Foligno was replaced with Brandon Dubinsky once he suffered a long-term injury in late March. As the Blue Jackets clinched a berth in the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs, Milano finished the regular season with 14 goals and 22 points in 55 games. Despite this, he was made a healthy scratch for Game 1 of the Stanley Cup first round to make room for Foligno's return. Milano made his post-season debut  in Game 2 as a replacement for an injured Alexander Wennberg. Milano played three games with the Blue Jackets during the postseason, averaging 6:45 minutes of ice time but recording no points, shots, or shot attempts.

Paragraph 49: Sarton later moved to York, Maine. In 1990, she was temporarily debilitated by a stroke. Since writing was difficult, she used a tape recorder to record and transcribe her journal Endgame: A Journal of the Seventy-Ninth Year (1992). Despite her physical difficulties, she maintained her sense of independence. Endgame was followed by the journal Encore: A Journal of the Eightieth Year (1993), a celebration of Sarton's life. She won the Levinson Prize for Poetry in 1993. Her final book, Coming Into Eighty (1995), published after her death, covers the year from July 1993 to August 1994, describing her attitude of gratitude for life as she wrestled with the experience of aging.