Paragraph 1: Early on July 28, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical depression, whilst the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm and named it Saola. Soon, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) upgraded the system to a tropical depression and named it Gener. Later that day, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a tropical storm. Early on July 29, the JMA upgraded Saola to a severe tropical storm. On July 30, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a category 1 typhoon, as it started to develop an eye-like feature, but soon downgraded it to a tropical storm late on the same day. On July 31, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a category 1 typhoon again. Late on the same day, the JMA upgraded Saola to a typhoon, and the JTWC soon upgraded it to a category 2 typhoon early on the next day. The Central Weather Bureau (CWB) reported that Typhoon Saola made landfall over Xiulin, Hualien in Taiwan at 19:20 UTC on August 1 (03:20 TST on August 2). However, Saola later moved counterclockwise and arrived the ocean soon, whilst the JMA downgraded it to a severe tropical storm early on August 2 due to strong land interaction. At 06Z on the same day, Saola passed over Cape San Diego, the easternmost point of Taiwan. Late on August 2, the JMA downgraded Saola to a tropical storm, before it made landfall over Fuding in Fujian, China at 22:50 UTC (06:50 CST on August 3). On August 3, the JMA downgraded Saola to a tropical depression, after the JTWC issued a final warning on the system. The system continued to weaken into a weak low pressure area over Jiangxi, China on August 4. The weak, remnant low later drifted south west to the Gulf of Tokin, and regenerated slightly on August 7.

Paragraph 2: In the 1st century BC, the rulers of the Western World at that time, the Romans, had incorporated Gaul into their empire as a new colony. When the Treveri now once again found themselves beset by the Germanic hordes, they called on the Roman general and conqueror of Gaul, Julius Caesar, for help. In 58 BC, he drove the Germanic peoples back across the Rhine. Nevertheless, the Treveri were hardly spared foreign rule, as the Romans remained in their land as rulers for the next 500 years with the Rhine as the Imperial frontier to be guarded against the Germanic peoples that they had driven out. From their stronghold at Trier, supplies rolled through the Löllbach area to the frontier, but not before the old wilderness paths gave way to paved roads leading across the heights. Thus did the Roman roads come into being. These would have carried all manner of traffic, from marching legions to commercial wagons to dignified Roman ladies hurrying to their husbands in some garrison town on the Rhine. Here and there on each side of the Roman roads, however, on the hillsides, lay Roman , proud lordly seats. They were extensive farms taken from the defeated Celto-Germanic people that the Romans had then granted long-serving legionnaires as a reward – and also to ensure their continued hegemony. Celts worked the land there and served their Roman masters. One such Roman estate is known to have lain near where the church now stands in neighbouring Medard, but there were definitely several others in the area. Besides the Roman roads and the Roman monument near Schweinschied, many other Roman finds bear witness to a great number of Romans having lived in the area. Near Löllbach, in the rural cadastral area known as the “Lochwiese”, a Löllbach farmer unearthed a so-called Viergötterstein (a “four-god stone”, a pedestal on which a Jupiter Column was customarily stood) in 1872. This is now kept at a museum in Worms. Some people from Löllbach have also found Roman coins. About AD 450, the Romans had to withdraw their forces from the Rhine into the Gaulish backlands. Another Germanic tribe, this time the Franks, was threatening the Romans with superior military might. Not everyone withdrew from the area, however. The subject people, the Treveri, stayed behind, as did landed Roman families. The invading Franks, however, arranged for themselves to become the new lords and for these remaining people to be a “host people” who would serve their new lords. Later, both Celts and Romans would be assimilated into the body of the Frankish people.

Paragraph 3: Lu Edmonds (1999): “It's very difficult for me to listen to that stuff now without thinking what it should have been, or what it could have been. It sounds really '80s to me, an '80s rock production. Actually I hear more production and the studio equipment than I can hear of the band, and that's the disappointment for me [...] I think there was potential for Happy? to be a great album but I think we had the wrong producer. I mean, Gary Langan's a very good producer, a really nice guy. But he was the wrong guy because in the end he ended up squashing all the scruffy bits [...] What Gary did was he filled it all up, so everything was all sort of Art of Noise [...] [John Lydon] was in this sort of mood where he was very hands off, he just wanted to come in and do his vocal, because in a way I think that's what happened with Album, and it was a revelation for him, it was a great experience for him [...] I think he was very missed in the creative process. He wouldn't be there, it was left to us to come up with grooves and little tunes [...] It felt like John wasn't there.”

Paragraph 4: Early on July 28, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical depression, whilst the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm and named it Saola. Soon, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) upgraded the system to a tropical depression and named it Gener. Later that day, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a tropical storm. Early on July 29, the JMA upgraded Saola to a severe tropical storm. On July 30, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a category 1 typhoon, as it started to develop an eye-like feature, but soon downgraded it to a tropical storm late on the same day. On July 31, the JTWC upgraded Saola to a category 1 typhoon again. Late on the same day, the JMA upgraded Saola to a typhoon, and the JTWC soon upgraded it to a category 2 typhoon early on the next day. The Central Weather Bureau (CWB) reported that Typhoon Saola made landfall over Xiulin, Hualien in Taiwan at 19:20 UTC on August 1 (03:20 TST on August 2). However, Saola later moved counterclockwise and arrived the ocean soon, whilst the JMA downgraded it to a severe tropical storm early on August 2 due to strong land interaction. At 06Z on the same day, Saola passed over Cape San Diego, the easternmost point of Taiwan. Late on August 2, the JMA downgraded Saola to a tropical storm, before it made landfall over Fuding in Fujian, China at 22:50 UTC (06:50 CST on August 3). On August 3, the JMA downgraded Saola to a tropical depression, after the JTWC issued a final warning on the system. The system continued to weaken into a weak low pressure area over Jiangxi, China on August 4. The weak, remnant low later drifted south west to the Gulf of Tokin, and regenerated slightly on August 7.

Paragraph 5: In about 1379 Denys obtained the hand in marriage of a Gloucestershire heiress, Margaret Corbet, and became thereby a man of wealth and influence.  Margaret had been born a triplet in about 1352, and both her brothers had died young in succession, leaving her the sole heir of the large Corbet landholdings in Gloucestershire and elsewhere. John the eldest had died in 1370 and William in 1377. Their father William, husband of Emma Oddingseles, had died while his children were young, predeceasing his own father, Sir Peter Corbet(d.1362). The manors held by Sir Peter Corbet on his death in 1362, which descended to his grandchildren in succession, John, William and Margaret were as follows: Hope-juxta-Caus, Shropshire, a remnant manor from the great Corbet honour, or virtually autonomous lordship established under William I at Caus Castle. Lawrenny in Pembrokeshire, (held from the Carew family) remnant of the family's large Welsh holdings, most of which had been earlier settled on Corbet male lines. The Corbet lands in Gloucestershire were as follows: Siston, held from the Bishops of Bath and Wells, and Alveston and Earthcott Green, both held in chief from the King. The possession of these tenancies-in-chief meant that should they ever descend into the hands of a female heiress, the King could repossess them and install his own favoured tenant who would thenceforth owe royal knight service and would be obliged to become a local administrator of the royal government. Margaret had been married off to a Pembrokeshire man, William Wyriott of Orielton, probably with the intention of consolidating Lawrenny with the Wyriott lands. Yet in 1379, only two years after her brother William's death aged 25, her husband William Wyriott died also, leaving Margaret as a female tenant-in-chief, a very precarious position for her. She could only remarry by royal licence, effectively giving the King the right of veto over her free choice or she could relinquish her family manors to live with a husband of her choice, probably in relative poverty and social obscurity. Within a short time after Wyriott's death, Margaret had accepted Gilbert Denys as her husband. The two were contemporaries, and the marriage proved on a personal level to be successful, as Denys asked in his will to be buried next to Margaret. The marriage, like most of the period, is unlikely to have been the result of a romance but rather arranged by some powerful figure at Court who wished to see Denys rise in the world. Insufficient evidence exists to identify who this patron of Denys might have been, but pure speculation might suggest John of Gaunt.

Paragraph 6: In the 1st century BC, the rulers of the Western World at that time, the Romans, had incorporated Gaul into their empire as a new colony. When the Treveri now once again found themselves beset by the Germanic hordes, they called on the Roman general and conqueror of Gaul, Julius Caesar, for help. In 58 BC, he drove the Germanic peoples back across the Rhine. Nevertheless, the Treveri were hardly spared foreign rule, as the Romans remained in their land as rulers for the next 500 years with the Rhine as the Imperial frontier to be guarded against the Germanic peoples that they had driven out. From their stronghold at Trier, supplies rolled through the Löllbach area to the frontier, but not before the old wilderness paths gave way to paved roads leading across the heights. Thus did the Roman roads come into being. These would have carried all manner of traffic, from marching legions to commercial wagons to dignified Roman ladies hurrying to their husbands in some garrison town on the Rhine. Here and there on each side of the Roman roads, however, on the hillsides, lay Roman , proud lordly seats. They were extensive farms taken from the defeated Celto-Germanic people that the Romans had then granted long-serving legionnaires as a reward – and also to ensure their continued hegemony. Celts worked the land there and served their Roman masters. One such Roman estate is known to have lain near where the church now stands in neighbouring Medard, but there were definitely several others in the area. Besides the Roman roads and the Roman monument near Schweinschied, many other Roman finds bear witness to a great number of Romans having lived in the area. Near Löllbach, in the rural cadastral area known as the “Lochwiese”, a Löllbach farmer unearthed a so-called Viergötterstein (a “four-god stone”, a pedestal on which a Jupiter Column was customarily stood) in 1872. This is now kept at a museum in Worms. Some people from Löllbach have also found Roman coins. About AD 450, the Romans had to withdraw their forces from the Rhine into the Gaulish backlands. Another Germanic tribe, this time the Franks, was threatening the Romans with superior military might. Not everyone withdrew from the area, however. The subject people, the Treveri, stayed behind, as did landed Roman families. The invading Franks, however, arranged for themselves to become the new lords and for these remaining people to be a “host people” who would serve their new lords. Later, both Celts and Romans would be assimilated into the body of the Frankish people.

Paragraph 7: By 1948, Walt Disney's interest in model trains was evolving into an interest in larger, ridable miniature trains after observing the trains and backyard railroad layouts of several hobbyists, including Disney animator Ollie Johnston. In 1949, after purchasing  of vacant land in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, he started construction on a new residence for himself and his family, and on the elaborate  gauge ridable miniature Carolwood Pacific Railroad behind it. The railroad featured a set of freight cars pulled by the Lilly Belle, a 1:8-scale live steam locomotive named after Disney's wife Lillian and built by the Walt Disney Studios' machine shop team led by Roger E. Broggie. The locomotive's design, chosen by Walt Disney after seeing a smaller locomotive model with the same design at the home of rail historian Gerald M. Best, was based directly on copies of the blueprints for the Central Pacific No. 173, a steam locomotive rebuilt by the Central Pacific Railroad in 1872. The Lilly Belle first ran on the Carolwood Pacific Railroad on May 7, 1950. Walt Disney's backyard railroad attracted visitors interested in riding his miniature steam train, and on weekends, when the railroad was operating, he allowed them to do so, even allowing some to become "guest engineers" and drive the train. In early 1953, after a visitor drove the Lilly Belle too fast along a curve, causing it to derail and injure a five-year-old girl, Walt Disney, fearing the possibility of future accidents, closed down the Carolwood Pacific Railroad and placed the locomotive in storage.

Paragraph 8: On June 6, 2010, at Triplemania XVIII Evans defeated Christopher Daniels, Extreme Tiger and Nosawa in a four-way elimination match to win the AAA Cruiserweight Championship. On March 21, 2011, Evans teamed with Extreme Tiger to defeat Los Maniacos (Silver King and Último Gladiador) for the AAA World Tag Team Championship, making Evans a double champion. Evans and Tiger made their first successful defense of the title on June 18 at Triplemanía XIX, defeating the TNA team of Abyss and Mr. Anderson in a steel cage match. On September 16, the 467th day of his reign as the AAA Cruiserweight Champion, Evans made his first title defense, defeating Escoria. On October 9 at Héroes Inmortales, Evans and Tiger lost the AAA World Tag Team Championship to Abyss and Chessman in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match. Afterwards, Evans began feuding with Los Perros del Mal leader El Hijo del Perro Aguayo, pinning him in back-to-back tag team matches on November 14 and 26. On December 16 at Guerra de Titanes, Evans and Aguayo continued their rivalry in a six-man tag team match, during which they busted each other open. Eventually, Aguayo's team won the match, when Héctor Garza pinned Fénix. On March 18, 2012, at Rey de Reyes, Evans faced Aguayo and two other Perros del Mal, Garza and L.A. Park, in the finals of the Rey de Reyes. Despite managing to outlast both Park and Garza, Evans was eventually pinned by Aguayo for the win. On May 19, Evans lost the AAA Cruiserweight Championship to Juventud Guerrera in a four-way hardcore match, which also included Psicosis and Teddy Hart, ending his reign at 713 days. On August 5 at Triplemanía XX, Evans reunited with Hart for one night to take part in a Parejas Suicidas steel cage match, featuring three other former tag teams. However, both Evans and Hart managed to escape the cage and avoid having to face each other in a Lucha de Apuestas Hair vs. Hair match.

Paragraph 9: In 1190, Daxweiler had its first documentary mention in a directory of fiefs kept by the knight Sir Werner II of Bolanden. In 1281, a great landhold hitherto held by a knightly order was donated to Otterberg Abbey, who in turn sold it to Electoral Palatinate in 1441. Electoral Palatinate had already taken Daxweiler from the Archbishop of Mainz in 1375 as a pledge, and then acquired full ownership in 1419. Electoral Palatinate then put the estate into Erbbestand (a uniquely German landhold arrangement in which ownership rights and usage rights are separated; this is forbidden by law in modern Germany), and for three generations it was a pledged holding. A 1419 Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) describes the dwellers of the municipality of Daxweiler as “serfs of Ingelheim” (whether the town or the comital family of that name was meant is not clear in the source), a term that hardly applied at any time. The villagers did not feel like slaves, they could go to other villages and even marry someone from elsewhere, and they could even leave the land without having to buy such freedom, as was customary for serfs. Daxweiler belonged then to the Reichsschultheißerei (Imperial Schultheißerei) of Ingelheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the lessees forwent any further use of the landhold because they felt themselves in no position to put the estate buildings and the fields, which had been laid waste, back in order. The lord of the ironworks, Jean Marioth, who built the foundries in Stromberg and later the Rheinböllerhütte (ironworks in Rheinböllen) back up again from their wartime destruction, and whose palace stood in Wald-Erbach, leased the Cameralhof (state financial authority for estate income) in Daxweiler in 1650, holding it until 1733. The next lessee was Peter Assmann, who was from Kirchberg and had a wife from Daxweiler whose maiden name was Piroth. Peter Assmann sought to secure a longer leasehold and bid one thousand Rhenish guilders more than the Lords Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte (ironworks). Nevertheless, these lords found themselves able to use their connections in the Electoral Palatinate government to get their bid accepted over Assmann's. In 1773, the Brothers Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte sought to secure an hereditary lease on the estate, citing the lack of fodder for their draught animals that would be necessary if the ironworks were to stay in business. In 1802, by which time the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank had been overrun and occupied by French Revolutionary troops, the Brothers Sahler bought the estate at a low price at auction after the French authorities had seized it. In 1912, the Hüttenwerke Sahler – Wandesleben (the Stromberger Neuhütte), together with the estate’s lands, was facing financial hardship and was thus bought up by Kirsch Puricelli from the Rheinböller Hütte. The estate encompassed what are today the Puricelli lands in Daxweiler and the Guldenbach valley, hardly differing in their extent from that time, with the exception of about 13 Morgen (roughly 3.3 ha) of church field in the Guldenbach valley which was exchanged for smaller parcels in the village. The Hütter Weiher (“ironworks pond”) up from the Stromberger Neuhütte was a meadow owned by the Catholic parish of Daxweiler before the Brothers Sahler turned it into a water reservoir for the ironworks sometime before 1800. The parish derived a yearly rental income therefrom. Daxweiler's history is also very tightly bound to the Family Puricelli's, for their entrepreneurial endeavours at the Stromberger Neuhütte and the Rheinböller Hütte have supplied the region with jobs for more than 150 years. On these grounds, the Puricelli family heraldic device appears in the municipality's coat of arms.

Paragraph 10: California had a per capita income of $29,906 during the five-year period comprising years 2010 through 2014. About every third county and every third place in California had per capita incomes above the state average. Though somewhat counterintuitive, this implies that counties and places with per capita incomes even slightly exceeding that of the state can be classified as "high income" given the natural division of places into a top third (high), middle third (medium), and lower third (low) when ranked by per capita income. Hence, the upper third of all places in this ranking have a per capita income with a lower bound roughly equal to that of the state, about $30,000. The median place and county in California had a per capita income of roughly $25,000, and the lower third of both types of geographies had per capita incomes with an upper bound of about $20,000. Places and counties with the highest per capita income were concentrated in the San Francisco Bay Area, which has a relatively high cost of living. Those with the lowest per capita incomes were concentrated in the Central Valley, an economy in which agriculture assumes a primary role.

Paragraph 11: Roy was born in Quebec City as one of three children. His father was a judge, the dean of the faculty of law at the University of Laval, and a friend of Maurice Duplessis. His mother was a descendant of the poet Napoléon Legendre. Initially homeschooled, he was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Joseph Brunault on June 12, 1927 after attending the Seminary of Quebec from 1915 to 1923. He obtained his licentiate in theology from the Université Laval in 1927, and then studied at the Angelicum in Rome, receiving a doctorate in philosophy in 1929. From 1929 to 1930, he attended the Sorbonne and the Catholic Institute in Paris. Roy then taught dogmatic and sacramental theology and apologetics at Quebec's Grand Seminary until 1939. He worked as a chaplain to the University of Laval (1935–1937) and to the Canadian Army during World War II. He served in the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Germany from 1939 to 1943 and attained the rank of colonel. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire for his "extremely courageous conduct" as a chaplain in the war. Resuming his teaching posts upon his return to Canada in 1945, Roy was named superior of the seminary in December of that same year.

Paragraph 12: Roy was born in Quebec City as one of three children. His father was a judge, the dean of the faculty of law at the University of Laval, and a friend of Maurice Duplessis. His mother was a descendant of the poet Napoléon Legendre. Initially homeschooled, he was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Joseph Brunault on June 12, 1927 after attending the Seminary of Quebec from 1915 to 1923. He obtained his licentiate in theology from the Université Laval in 1927, and then studied at the Angelicum in Rome, receiving a doctorate in philosophy in 1929. From 1929 to 1930, he attended the Sorbonne and the Catholic Institute in Paris. Roy then taught dogmatic and sacramental theology and apologetics at Quebec's Grand Seminary until 1939. He worked as a chaplain to the University of Laval (1935–1937) and to the Canadian Army during World War II. He served in the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Germany from 1939 to 1943 and attained the rank of colonel. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire for his "extremely courageous conduct" as a chaplain in the war. Resuming his teaching posts upon his return to Canada in 1945, Roy was named superior of the seminary in December of that same year.

Paragraph 13: In 1190, Daxweiler had its first documentary mention in a directory of fiefs kept by the knight Sir Werner II of Bolanden. In 1281, a great landhold hitherto held by a knightly order was donated to Otterberg Abbey, who in turn sold it to Electoral Palatinate in 1441. Electoral Palatinate had already taken Daxweiler from the Archbishop of Mainz in 1375 as a pledge, and then acquired full ownership in 1419. Electoral Palatinate then put the estate into Erbbestand (a uniquely German landhold arrangement in which ownership rights and usage rights are separated; this is forbidden by law in modern Germany), and for three generations it was a pledged holding. A 1419 Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) describes the dwellers of the municipality of Daxweiler as “serfs of Ingelheim” (whether the town or the comital family of that name was meant is not clear in the source), a term that hardly applied at any time. The villagers did not feel like slaves, they could go to other villages and even marry someone from elsewhere, and they could even leave the land without having to buy such freedom, as was customary for serfs. Daxweiler belonged then to the Reichsschultheißerei (Imperial Schultheißerei) of Ingelheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the lessees forwent any further use of the landhold because they felt themselves in no position to put the estate buildings and the fields, which had been laid waste, back in order. The lord of the ironworks, Jean Marioth, who built the foundries in Stromberg and later the Rheinböllerhütte (ironworks in Rheinböllen) back up again from their wartime destruction, and whose palace stood in Wald-Erbach, leased the Cameralhof (state financial authority for estate income) in Daxweiler in 1650, holding it until 1733. The next lessee was Peter Assmann, who was from Kirchberg and had a wife from Daxweiler whose maiden name was Piroth. Peter Assmann sought to secure a longer leasehold and bid one thousand Rhenish guilders more than the Lords Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte (ironworks). Nevertheless, these lords found themselves able to use their connections in the Electoral Palatinate government to get their bid accepted over Assmann's. In 1773, the Brothers Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte sought to secure an hereditary lease on the estate, citing the lack of fodder for their draught animals that would be necessary if the ironworks were to stay in business. In 1802, by which time the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank had been overrun and occupied by French Revolutionary troops, the Brothers Sahler bought the estate at a low price at auction after the French authorities had seized it. In 1912, the Hüttenwerke Sahler – Wandesleben (the Stromberger Neuhütte), together with the estate’s lands, was facing financial hardship and was thus bought up by Kirsch Puricelli from the Rheinböller Hütte. The estate encompassed what are today the Puricelli lands in Daxweiler and the Guldenbach valley, hardly differing in their extent from that time, with the exception of about 13 Morgen (roughly 3.3 ha) of church field in the Guldenbach valley which was exchanged for smaller parcels in the village. The Hütter Weiher (“ironworks pond”) up from the Stromberger Neuhütte was a meadow owned by the Catholic parish of Daxweiler before the Brothers Sahler turned it into a water reservoir for the ironworks sometime before 1800. The parish derived a yearly rental income therefrom. Daxweiler's history is also very tightly bound to the Family Puricelli's, for their entrepreneurial endeavours at the Stromberger Neuhütte and the Rheinböller Hütte have supplied the region with jobs for more than 150 years. On these grounds, the Puricelli family heraldic device appears in the municipality's coat of arms.

Paragraph 14: The player arrives at Camp spirit as a rookie cheerleader on Wolf squad, a squad that doesn't have high ratings. As soon as they get there, another cheerleader challenges them to a cheer challenge and then they meet up with spiteful cousin, Becka. Becka challenges them to a night time cheer challenge after curfew, but she doesn't show up. They end up getting in trouble for sneaking out after curfew. The next day, they are assigned a punishment and soon begin cheer events and competitions against other squads. Jayden, one of the squad mates, finds out that Becka tricked them and decides to take revenge on Becka's squad, Tiger squad. Jayden finds the Wolf squad spirit stick missing, and assumes  that Tiger Squad stole it, so in retaliation to this she sneaks into the Tiger Squad dorm and steals their spirit stick. However, it turns out the captain of their squad, Kieko, just took their stick to a camp council meeting so Jayden asks them to sneak into the Tiger Squad dorm after curfew and return the stick. They successfully return the stick, but Kieko comes back from the meeting and they get into trouble. Jayden blames the whole thing on them, and they are assigned another punishment next day. Jayden feels bad and admits that she stole Tiger Squad's spirit stick. Kieko refuses to lift the player's punishment, and Jayden tells the cheer council about it. The council decides that they showed true spirit by taking the blame for Jayden and Kieko didn't because she didn't lift the punishment. The player is promoted to captain of Wolf Squad in Kieko's place. They are harsh on their squadmates and they start to get upset. That night, they and Jayden here a noise coming from another dorm and Jayden asks them to go and investigate. The player sneaks out and find Becka having to work out all night without food in Tiger Squad's dorm by her captain, Brianna. The player brings Becka cake and she starts being nice. The next day is the last day of cheer camp.  Becka nominates the player for camp champ against Tiger Squad leader Brianna.  The next day, they challenge her, but she ends up winning, earning herself the title of Camp Champ for the third year in a row. The player competes in a few more events and challenges more cheerleaders to get patches for their journal, and end up winning the last cheer event.

Paragraph 15: In 1190, Daxweiler had its first documentary mention in a directory of fiefs kept by the knight Sir Werner II of Bolanden. In 1281, a great landhold hitherto held by a knightly order was donated to Otterberg Abbey, who in turn sold it to Electoral Palatinate in 1441. Electoral Palatinate had already taken Daxweiler from the Archbishop of Mainz in 1375 as a pledge, and then acquired full ownership in 1419. Electoral Palatinate then put the estate into Erbbestand (a uniquely German landhold arrangement in which ownership rights and usage rights are separated; this is forbidden by law in modern Germany), and for three generations it was a pledged holding. A 1419 Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) describes the dwellers of the municipality of Daxweiler as “serfs of Ingelheim” (whether the town or the comital family of that name was meant is not clear in the source), a term that hardly applied at any time. The villagers did not feel like slaves, they could go to other villages and even marry someone from elsewhere, and they could even leave the land without having to buy such freedom, as was customary for serfs. Daxweiler belonged then to the Reichsschultheißerei (Imperial Schultheißerei) of Ingelheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the lessees forwent any further use of the landhold because they felt themselves in no position to put the estate buildings and the fields, which had been laid waste, back in order. The lord of the ironworks, Jean Marioth, who built the foundries in Stromberg and later the Rheinböllerhütte (ironworks in Rheinböllen) back up again from their wartime destruction, and whose palace stood in Wald-Erbach, leased the Cameralhof (state financial authority for estate income) in Daxweiler in 1650, holding it until 1733. The next lessee was Peter Assmann, who was from Kirchberg and had a wife from Daxweiler whose maiden name was Piroth. Peter Assmann sought to secure a longer leasehold and bid one thousand Rhenish guilders more than the Lords Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte (ironworks). Nevertheless, these lords found themselves able to use their connections in the Electoral Palatinate government to get their bid accepted over Assmann's. In 1773, the Brothers Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte sought to secure an hereditary lease on the estate, citing the lack of fodder for their draught animals that would be necessary if the ironworks were to stay in business. In 1802, by which time the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank had been overrun and occupied by French Revolutionary troops, the Brothers Sahler bought the estate at a low price at auction after the French authorities had seized it. In 1912, the Hüttenwerke Sahler – Wandesleben (the Stromberger Neuhütte), together with the estate’s lands, was facing financial hardship and was thus bought up by Kirsch Puricelli from the Rheinböller Hütte. The estate encompassed what are today the Puricelli lands in Daxweiler and the Guldenbach valley, hardly differing in their extent from that time, with the exception of about 13 Morgen (roughly 3.3 ha) of church field in the Guldenbach valley which was exchanged for smaller parcels in the village. The Hütter Weiher (“ironworks pond”) up from the Stromberger Neuhütte was a meadow owned by the Catholic parish of Daxweiler before the Brothers Sahler turned it into a water reservoir for the ironworks sometime before 1800. The parish derived a yearly rental income therefrom. Daxweiler's history is also very tightly bound to the Family Puricelli's, for their entrepreneurial endeavours at the Stromberger Neuhütte and the Rheinböller Hütte have supplied the region with jobs for more than 150 years. On these grounds, the Puricelli family heraldic device appears in the municipality's coat of arms.

Paragraph 16: Justices Rehnquist, Burger, Stewart, and Powell voted with the plurality and Justice Blackmun concurred in the judgment only. The main reasons behind their decision were that young females already faced a significant deterrent from engaging in sexual intercourse and that the statute furthered the state goal of preventing teenage pregnancy. In his written opinion, Justice Rehnquist said, "[t]he statute protects women from sexual intercourse and pregnancy at an age when the physical, emotional, and psychological consequences are particularly severe. Because virtually all of the significant harmful and identifiable consequences of teenage pregnancy fall on the female, a legislature acts well within its authority when it elects to punish only the participant who, by nature, suffers few of the consequences of his conduct."  Because young women are faced with the risk of unwanted pregnancy when they engage in sexual intercourse, they already face a substantial deterrent and therefore don't necessarily need to be included in the law. The risks and consequences associated with teenage pregnancy are, according to the Court, enough of a discouragement to females. However, because males don't face the same physical, mental, and emotional risks associated with sex and teen pregnancy, "imposing criminal penalties on men was necessary to ‘roughly ‘equalize’ the deterrents on the sexes."  The Court also said that because the statute helped to further a major goal of the state, it was constitutional and should be upheld. This form of judicial review is known as intermediate scrutiny. In order to pass an intermediate scrutiny test, "the challenged law must further an important government interest by means that are substantially related to that interest".  According to Justice Rehnquist, the law aided in the prevention of teen pregnancy, which was a major goal of the state of California.  In the trial, the state of California argued that, "the language of [the statutory rape law] and the policy and intent of the California legislature evinced in other legislation demonstrate that the prevention of pregnancy and the prevention of physical harm to female minors are the primary purposes underlying [the law]," This argument emphasizes how the gender bias found in California's statutory rape law aids in furthering the state's goal of preventing teenage pregnancy. The natural discouragements that females have in regards to sexual intercourse coupled with this statute and its singling out of males as the sole perpetrators together form a significant deterrent keeping teens from engaging in sexual intercourse. The statute takes steps to avoid teenage pregnancy and therefore helps to advance the state's goals. It was because of these reasons that the Court upheld the law.

Paragraph 17: John W. Simpson, Thomas Thacher and William M. Barnum organized the firm as "Simpson, Thacher & Barnum" on January 1, 1884, with offices at 9 Pine Street. The three were formerly law clerks at the old-line firm Alexander & Green. The first associate salary was ten dollars, and the first retainer fee was fifty dollars. In 1889, the name was changed to "Reed Simpson Thacher & Barnum" when former U.S. House Speaker Thomas Brackett Reed joined the firm. Reed died in 1902, and the name was soon changed to Simpson Thacher Barnum & Bartlett. The final change came in 1904 when it was amended to its current name of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.

Paragraph 18: Lu Edmonds (1999): “It's very difficult for me to listen to that stuff now without thinking what it should have been, or what it could have been. It sounds really '80s to me, an '80s rock production. Actually I hear more production and the studio equipment than I can hear of the band, and that's the disappointment for me [...] I think there was potential for Happy? to be a great album but I think we had the wrong producer. I mean, Gary Langan's a very good producer, a really nice guy. But he was the wrong guy because in the end he ended up squashing all the scruffy bits [...] What Gary did was he filled it all up, so everything was all sort of Art of Noise [...] [John Lydon] was in this sort of mood where he was very hands off, he just wanted to come in and do his vocal, because in a way I think that's what happened with Album, and it was a revelation for him, it was a great experience for him [...] I think he was very missed in the creative process. He wouldn't be there, it was left to us to come up with grooves and little tunes [...] It felt like John wasn't there.”

Paragraph 19: Throughout 2019, Trina (Mikayla) serves as a supportive friend to Joss and Cam. She accompanies them on a road trip with a terminally ill Oscar and comforts Cam as he struggles to accept his mother Elizabeth Webber's (Rebecca Herbst) relationship with reformed serial killer Franco (Roger Howarth). Trina serves as moral support for Cameron when he goes to court after missing his mandatory community service thanks to the trip. As Oscar's health declines, Trina is determined to make sure everything is normal for Oscar and Joss. Despite her own grief over Oscar's passing, Trina does her best to support Joss and Cam, even participating in Joss's attempt at a séance. When Joss is too sad to attend, Trina accompanies Cam to Elizabeth and Franco's wedding reception. Trina and Cam are happy when Joss tags along at the last minute. In the summer Trina and Joss comfort Cam after he is abducted and Franco trades himself for Cam's freedom. She even talks Cam out of selling his car, as he blames the car for his abduction. Later, Cam realizes Trina likes Joss's "cousin" Dev Corbin (Ashton Arbab) and she ask for his help getting Dev to like her. As she starts school, Trina applies for an internship at Ava Jerome's gallery. While Ava hesitates due to her lack of experience, Trina makes an impression and lands the gig. Trina supports Cam as he struggles to cope with Franco's rejection as he doesn't remember their family. Meanwhile, Trina is concerned when Ava checks herself into a mental hospital as she feels she is being haunted by her late daughter, Kiki (Hayley Erin). During a school dance for Halloween, Trina kisses Dev but he just wants to be friends. While she isn't too broken up about it, Trina suspects that he is into Joss though Dev denies it. Trina then learns Joss and Cam have been drinking and tries to sneak them out of the dance but they are discovered by Cam's aunt Lulu Spencer (Emme Rylan) and their teacher, Dustin Phillips (Mark Lawson). The teens are sentenced to Saturday detention where Dev admits that he is an illegal immigrant and that he is posing as Joss's cousin so he can stay in the country; they are sworn to secrecy. As Trina tries to get to the bottom of a recent break-in at the gallery, she is alarmed when Ava suddenly checks herself out of the hospital, claiming she is perfectly sane. On Christmas Eve, Trina tells Joss that Dev has a crush on her.

Paragraph 20: In 1190, Daxweiler had its first documentary mention in a directory of fiefs kept by the knight Sir Werner II of Bolanden. In 1281, a great landhold hitherto held by a knightly order was donated to Otterberg Abbey, who in turn sold it to Electoral Palatinate in 1441. Electoral Palatinate had already taken Daxweiler from the Archbishop of Mainz in 1375 as a pledge, and then acquired full ownership in 1419. Electoral Palatinate then put the estate into Erbbestand (a uniquely German landhold arrangement in which ownership rights and usage rights are separated; this is forbidden by law in modern Germany), and for three generations it was a pledged holding. A 1419 Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) describes the dwellers of the municipality of Daxweiler as “serfs of Ingelheim” (whether the town or the comital family of that name was meant is not clear in the source), a term that hardly applied at any time. The villagers did not feel like slaves, they could go to other villages and even marry someone from elsewhere, and they could even leave the land without having to buy such freedom, as was customary for serfs. Daxweiler belonged then to the Reichsschultheißerei (Imperial Schultheißerei) of Ingelheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the lessees forwent any further use of the landhold because they felt themselves in no position to put the estate buildings and the fields, which had been laid waste, back in order. The lord of the ironworks, Jean Marioth, who built the foundries in Stromberg and later the Rheinböllerhütte (ironworks in Rheinböllen) back up again from their wartime destruction, and whose palace stood in Wald-Erbach, leased the Cameralhof (state financial authority for estate income) in Daxweiler in 1650, holding it until 1733. The next lessee was Peter Assmann, who was from Kirchberg and had a wife from Daxweiler whose maiden name was Piroth. Peter Assmann sought to secure a longer leasehold and bid one thousand Rhenish guilders more than the Lords Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte (ironworks). Nevertheless, these lords found themselves able to use their connections in the Electoral Palatinate government to get their bid accepted over Assmann's. In 1773, the Brothers Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte sought to secure an hereditary lease on the estate, citing the lack of fodder for their draught animals that would be necessary if the ironworks were to stay in business. In 1802, by which time the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank had been overrun and occupied by French Revolutionary troops, the Brothers Sahler bought the estate at a low price at auction after the French authorities had seized it. In 1912, the Hüttenwerke Sahler – Wandesleben (the Stromberger Neuhütte), together with the estate’s lands, was facing financial hardship and was thus bought up by Kirsch Puricelli from the Rheinböller Hütte. The estate encompassed what are today the Puricelli lands in Daxweiler and the Guldenbach valley, hardly differing in their extent from that time, with the exception of about 13 Morgen (roughly 3.3 ha) of church field in the Guldenbach valley which was exchanged for smaller parcels in the village. The Hütter Weiher (“ironworks pond”) up from the Stromberger Neuhütte was a meadow owned by the Catholic parish of Daxweiler before the Brothers Sahler turned it into a water reservoir for the ironworks sometime before 1800. The parish derived a yearly rental income therefrom. Daxweiler's history is also very tightly bound to the Family Puricelli's, for their entrepreneurial endeavours at the Stromberger Neuhütte and the Rheinböller Hütte have supplied the region with jobs for more than 150 years. On these grounds, the Puricelli family heraldic device appears in the municipality's coat of arms.

Paragraph 21:  Lyrcus, son of Phoroneus.He was one of several men sent by Inachus  when Io, daughter of King Inachus of Argos, had been captured by brigands to search for her and attempt to find her.  Lyrcus failed to find her and gave up on the search mission but he was too much afraid of Inachus to return to Argos, and went instead to Caunus, where he married Hilebia, daughter of King Aegialus(son of Caunos), who, as the story goes, had fallen in love with Lyrcus as soon as she saw him, and by her instant prayers had persuaded her father to betroth her to him; he gave him as dowry a good share of the realm and of the rest of the regal attributes, and accepted him as his son-in-law. So a considerable period of time passed, but Lyrcus and his wife had no children: and accordingly he made a journey to the oracle at Didyma, to ask how he might obtain offspring; and the answer was , that he would beget a child upon the first woman with whom he should have to do after leaving the shrine. At this, he was mighty pleased, and began to hasten on his homeward journey back to his wife, sure that the prediction was going to be fulfilled according to his wish; but on his voyage, when he arrived at Bybastus(a city in Caria), he was entertained by Staphylus, the son of Dionysus, who received him in the most friendly manner and enticed him to much drinking of wine, and then, when his senses were dulled with drunkenness, united him with his own daughter Hemithea, having had previous intimation of what the sentence of the oracle had been, and desiring to have descendants born to her: but actually a bitter strife arose between Rhoeo and Hemithea, the two daughters of Staphylus, as to which should have the guest, because of a great desire for him by both of the daughters. On the next morning, Lyrcus discovered the trap that his host had laid for him, when he saw Hemithea by his side: he was exceedingly angry, and upbraided Staphylus violently for his treacherous conduct; but finally, seeing that there was nothing to be done, he took off his belt and gave it to the girl, bidding her to keep it until their future offspring had come to man’s estate, so that he might possess a token by which he might be recognized, if he should ever come to his father at Caunus: and so he sailed away home. Aegialus, however, when he heard the whole story about the oracle and about Hemithea, banished him from his country; and there was then a war of great length between the partisans of Lyrcus and those of Aegialus: Hilebia was on the side of the former, for she refused to repudiate her husband. In after years, the son of Lyrcus and Hemithea, whose name was Basilus, came, when he was a grown man, to the Caunian land; and Lyrcus, now an old man, recognized him as his son, and made him ruler over his peoples.

Paragraph 22: Throughout 2019, Trina (Mikayla) serves as a supportive friend to Joss and Cam. She accompanies them on a road trip with a terminally ill Oscar and comforts Cam as he struggles to accept his mother Elizabeth Webber's (Rebecca Herbst) relationship with reformed serial killer Franco (Roger Howarth). Trina serves as moral support for Cameron when he goes to court after missing his mandatory community service thanks to the trip. As Oscar's health declines, Trina is determined to make sure everything is normal for Oscar and Joss. Despite her own grief over Oscar's passing, Trina does her best to support Joss and Cam, even participating in Joss's attempt at a séance. When Joss is too sad to attend, Trina accompanies Cam to Elizabeth and Franco's wedding reception. Trina and Cam are happy when Joss tags along at the last minute. In the summer Trina and Joss comfort Cam after he is abducted and Franco trades himself for Cam's freedom. She even talks Cam out of selling his car, as he blames the car for his abduction. Later, Cam realizes Trina likes Joss's "cousin" Dev Corbin (Ashton Arbab) and she ask for his help getting Dev to like her. As she starts school, Trina applies for an internship at Ava Jerome's gallery. While Ava hesitates due to her lack of experience, Trina makes an impression and lands the gig. Trina supports Cam as he struggles to cope with Franco's rejection as he doesn't remember their family. Meanwhile, Trina is concerned when Ava checks herself into a mental hospital as she feels she is being haunted by her late daughter, Kiki (Hayley Erin). During a school dance for Halloween, Trina kisses Dev but he just wants to be friends. While she isn't too broken up about it, Trina suspects that he is into Joss though Dev denies it. Trina then learns Joss and Cam have been drinking and tries to sneak them out of the dance but they are discovered by Cam's aunt Lulu Spencer (Emme Rylan) and their teacher, Dustin Phillips (Mark Lawson). The teens are sentenced to Saturday detention where Dev admits that he is an illegal immigrant and that he is posing as Joss's cousin so he can stay in the country; they are sworn to secrecy. As Trina tries to get to the bottom of a recent break-in at the gallery, she is alarmed when Ava suddenly checks herself out of the hospital, claiming she is perfectly sane. On Christmas Eve, Trina tells Joss that Dev has a crush on her.

Paragraph 23: Some observers have speculated that if the participants were Falun Gong practitioners, they may have resorted to self-immolation in response to the publication of a new scripture by Li Hongzhi released on 1 January 2001, "Beyond the Limits of Forbearance." An article authored by a collection of Mainland Chinese Falun Gong practitioners and published on the main Chinese-language Falun Gong website noted that the scripture had caused confusion both among Falun Gong practitioners and "in society," and that some people wondered whether Falun Gong would resort to violence to resist persecution. The authors wrote that this would not occur, as violence would be both counterproductive and contrary to the core teachings of the practice. A Falun Gong spokesperson clarified that the new scripture simply meant it was time to "bring truth to light" about human rights abuses committed by the Chinese government. Nonetheless, Gittings posited that the scripture may have confused Falun Gong followers, particularly in Mainland China. Matthew Forney wrote in Time magazine that Li's message had spread into China via the internet and informal networks of followers, and speculated that it may have galvanised more radical practitioners there. David Ownby wrote that he found the brief message to be "difficult to interpret": on its surface, the scripture resembled a "call to arms" against what Li described as "evil beings who no longer have any human nature or righteous thoughts." Yet Ownby said no practitioners he talked to had seen the scripture as a "green light" for violent action. Instead, practitioners had interpreted it to mean exactly the opposite, that they could non-violently resist suppression without guilt; they could stop "simply surrendering to the police at the first moment of a confrontation. They could run away, they could organize, they were, in a word, free of whatever constraints the necessity to "forbear" had previously placed upon them." In an interview with the Washington Post, Ownby noted that Li does not endorse suicide in any of his recent statements, "But a practitioner at the end of his or her rope in China could certainly see [the statements] as an endorsement for martyrdom, and perhaps choose his or her own means to achieve that."

Paragraph 24: Lu Edmonds (1999): “It's very difficult for me to listen to that stuff now without thinking what it should have been, or what it could have been. It sounds really '80s to me, an '80s rock production. Actually I hear more production and the studio equipment than I can hear of the band, and that's the disappointment for me [...] I think there was potential for Happy? to be a great album but I think we had the wrong producer. I mean, Gary Langan's a very good producer, a really nice guy. But he was the wrong guy because in the end he ended up squashing all the scruffy bits [...] What Gary did was he filled it all up, so everything was all sort of Art of Noise [...] [John Lydon] was in this sort of mood where he was very hands off, he just wanted to come in and do his vocal, because in a way I think that's what happened with Album, and it was a revelation for him, it was a great experience for him [...] I think he was very missed in the creative process. He wouldn't be there, it was left to us to come up with grooves and little tunes [...] It felt like John wasn't there.”

Paragraph 25: The body of a Pro Modified car is somewhat similar to a Pro Stock race car, yet also radically different at the same time. Whereas Pro Stock cars retain street identification, Pro Modified cars' bodies are just that: modified. Pro Mod race cars have either a forward-facing (with the opening in front) hood scoop for nitrous injected cars, or the hood may be cut to allow a supercharger to be fitted through onto a blown motor. Also, a Pro Modified car is usually fitted with a long, flat wing extending from the base of the rear windshield and past where the lip of the trunk lid would be on a normal car. This wing aids in downforce and stability, and helps keep the car on the ground. Many body styles are represented in the Pro Mod class. Everything from a Plymouth Superbird to a Volkswagen Beetle has been seen at the dragstrip in Pro Mod fitting. Some of the more common body styles include the Chevrolet Corvette and Camaro, the Ford Mustang, and Studebaker vehicles. Small pick-up trucks, like the Chevrolet S-10 also make for popular Pro Mod vehicle choices. The material with which the body of a Pro Modified race car is constructed out of is a Carbon Fiber or similar composites, similar to the material used in the bodies of most race cars. In 2008, the IHRA banned any body style of a current legal Pro Stock car (Chevrolet Cobalt, Dodge Stratus, or Ford Mustang, Holden Commodore, or the former Pontiac G6 GXP) from being used in Pro Modified, but that rule disappeared when the IHRA ceased sanction of the class.  Any legal body style is permitted in NHRA or PDRA sanctioned races, with former NHRA Pro Stock Motorcycle champion Matt Smith racing his father's (Trickie Rickie Smith's) 2010-style Chevrolet Camaro at the 2011 U. S. Nationals.

Paragraph 26:  Lyrcus, son of Phoroneus.He was one of several men sent by Inachus  when Io, daughter of King Inachus of Argos, had been captured by brigands to search for her and attempt to find her.  Lyrcus failed to find her and gave up on the search mission but he was too much afraid of Inachus to return to Argos, and went instead to Caunus, where he married Hilebia, daughter of King Aegialus(son of Caunos), who, as the story goes, had fallen in love with Lyrcus as soon as she saw him, and by her instant prayers had persuaded her father to betroth her to him; he gave him as dowry a good share of the realm and of the rest of the regal attributes, and accepted him as his son-in-law. So a considerable period of time passed, but Lyrcus and his wife had no children: and accordingly he made a journey to the oracle at Didyma, to ask how he might obtain offspring; and the answer was , that he would beget a child upon the first woman with whom he should have to do after leaving the shrine. At this, he was mighty pleased, and began to hasten on his homeward journey back to his wife, sure that the prediction was going to be fulfilled according to his wish; but on his voyage, when he arrived at Bybastus(a city in Caria), he was entertained by Staphylus, the son of Dionysus, who received him in the most friendly manner and enticed him to much drinking of wine, and then, when his senses were dulled with drunkenness, united him with his own daughter Hemithea, having had previous intimation of what the sentence of the oracle had been, and desiring to have descendants born to her: but actually a bitter strife arose between Rhoeo and Hemithea, the two daughters of Staphylus, as to which should have the guest, because of a great desire for him by both of the daughters. On the next morning, Lyrcus discovered the trap that his host had laid for him, when he saw Hemithea by his side: he was exceedingly angry, and upbraided Staphylus violently for his treacherous conduct; but finally, seeing that there was nothing to be done, he took off his belt and gave it to the girl, bidding her to keep it until their future offspring had come to man’s estate, so that he might possess a token by which he might be recognized, if he should ever come to his father at Caunus: and so he sailed away home. Aegialus, however, when he heard the whole story about the oracle and about Hemithea, banished him from his country; and there was then a war of great length between the partisans of Lyrcus and those of Aegialus: Hilebia was on the side of the former, for she refused to repudiate her husband. In after years, the son of Lyrcus and Hemithea, whose name was Basilus, came, when he was a grown man, to the Caunian land; and Lyrcus, now an old man, recognized him as his son, and made him ruler over his peoples.

Paragraph 27: In 2022, it was announced that Channel 5 had cancelled the production of Neighbours. Dennis admitted that filming the final scenes of 2022 were "incredibly emotional" for him. He told Studio 10 on 10 June, "It's a melancholy day for me. I sort of closed the studio door behind me on my very last scene, my very last dialogue scene and, yeah, I suddenly surprised myself by getting incredibly emotional. I just kept to myself and went to my dressing room… I'm keeping a very low profile today. I think I'll just be an absolute mess if I sort of hang around too long." Dennis later wrote a piece on The Sydney Morning Herald, reflecting on his "life as Paul Robinson, Australia’s longest-running TV villain." He wrote, "For some time I have joked with family and friends that my job is to go to a workplace and spend the day pretending to be someone else. After the chuckling subsides, I reflect on the fact that pretending to be 'Paul Robinson' on Neighbours over nearly 40 years has been one of the greatest privileges in my life. If you had told me in 1985 that I would be playing the same character on a soap for most of my days, I would have laughed maniacally (with that laugh, maybe “Paul” was there already) and, yet, here I am, the physical home of possibly the best loved and longest serving villain in Oz television history." He continued, "In fact, in the late ’80s I was dubbed “The Junior JR”, which I wore as a bit of a badge. One would think living with this dastardly character would create all sorts of problems for me in the real world, but it’s always the opposite. Rather than booing, hissing and stone throwing, I’m normally met with “Hey Paul … legend!” Funny old world, isn’t it. It is a rare thing for a professional actor to be gainfully employed for most of their life. Though it’s fairly well known that I left the show and returned 12 years later as the same character, it was directly on the back of my profile from Neighbours that I was able to get consistent high-profile work in the UK for all of those 12 years. Many, too, have rocketed to global superstardom from that wonderful training ground, among them Kylie Minogue, Guy Pearce, Russell Crowe and Margot Robbie." Dennis recapped his character by saying, "Paul’s nefarious deeds are many: he tried to poison Erinsborough’s drinking waterways, he set fire to Lassiters and killed Gus Cleary in the process, attempted to bulldoze Ramsay Street and everything in it, and, horror of horrors, blew up a beautiful 1960s convertible E-type Jaguar. That’s not even to mention his six marriages. He is the villain we all love to hate." He also expressed his gratitude for the soap.

Paragraph 28: The alloy has the highest magnetostriction of any alloy, up to 0.002 m/m at saturation; it expands and contracts in a magnetic field. Terfenol-D has a large magnetostriction force, high energy density, low sound velocity, and a low Young's modulus. At its most pure form, it also has low ductility and a low fracture resistance. Terfenol-D is a gray alloy that has different possible ratios of its elemental components that always follow a formula of . The addition of dysprosium made it easier to induce magnetostrictive responses by making the alloy require a lower level of magnetic fields. When the ratio of Tb and Dy is increased, the resulting alloy's magnetostrictive properties will operate at temperatures as low as −200 °C, and when decreased, it may operate at a maximum of 200 °C. The composition of Terfenol-D allows it to have a large magnetostriction and magnetic flux when a magnetic field is applied to it. This case exists for a large range of compressive stresses, with a trend of decreasing magnetostriction as the compressive stress increases. There is also a relationship between the magnetic flux and compression in which when the compressive stress increases, the magnetic flux changes less drastically. Terfenol-D is mostly used for its magnetostrictive properties, in which it changes shape when exposed to magnetic fields in a process called magnetization. Magnetic heat treatment is shown to improve the magnetostrictive properties of Terfenol-D at low compressive stress for certain ratios of Tb and Dy.

Paragraph 29: In 1190, Daxweiler had its first documentary mention in a directory of fiefs kept by the knight Sir Werner II of Bolanden. In 1281, a great landhold hitherto held by a knightly order was donated to Otterberg Abbey, who in turn sold it to Electoral Palatinate in 1441. Electoral Palatinate had already taken Daxweiler from the Archbishop of Mainz in 1375 as a pledge, and then acquired full ownership in 1419. Electoral Palatinate then put the estate into Erbbestand (a uniquely German landhold arrangement in which ownership rights and usage rights are separated; this is forbidden by law in modern Germany), and for three generations it was a pledged holding. A 1419 Weistum (cognate with English wisdom, this was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) describes the dwellers of the municipality of Daxweiler as “serfs of Ingelheim” (whether the town or the comital family of that name was meant is not clear in the source), a term that hardly applied at any time. The villagers did not feel like slaves, they could go to other villages and even marry someone from elsewhere, and they could even leave the land without having to buy such freedom, as was customary for serfs. Daxweiler belonged then to the Reichsschultheißerei (Imperial Schultheißerei) of Ingelheim. After the Thirty Years' War, the lessees forwent any further use of the landhold because they felt themselves in no position to put the estate buildings and the fields, which had been laid waste, back in order. The lord of the ironworks, Jean Marioth, who built the foundries in Stromberg and later the Rheinböllerhütte (ironworks in Rheinböllen) back up again from their wartime destruction, and whose palace stood in Wald-Erbach, leased the Cameralhof (state financial authority for estate income) in Daxweiler in 1650, holding it until 1733. The next lessee was Peter Assmann, who was from Kirchberg and had a wife from Daxweiler whose maiden name was Piroth. Peter Assmann sought to secure a longer leasehold and bid one thousand Rhenish guilders more than the Lords Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte (ironworks). Nevertheless, these lords found themselves able to use their connections in the Electoral Palatinate government to get their bid accepted over Assmann's. In 1773, the Brothers Sahler of the Stromberger Neuhütte sought to secure an hereditary lease on the estate, citing the lack of fodder for their draught animals that would be necessary if the ironworks were to stay in business. In 1802, by which time the German lands on the Rhine’s left bank had been overrun and occupied by French Revolutionary troops, the Brothers Sahler bought the estate at a low price at auction after the French authorities had seized it. In 1912, the Hüttenwerke Sahler – Wandesleben (the Stromberger Neuhütte), together with the estate’s lands, was facing financial hardship and was thus bought up by Kirsch Puricelli from the Rheinböller Hütte. The estate encompassed what are today the Puricelli lands in Daxweiler and the Guldenbach valley, hardly differing in their extent from that time, with the exception of about 13 Morgen (roughly 3.3 ha) of church field in the Guldenbach valley which was exchanged for smaller parcels in the village. The Hütter Weiher (“ironworks pond”) up from the Stromberger Neuhütte was a meadow owned by the Catholic parish of Daxweiler before the Brothers Sahler turned it into a water reservoir for the ironworks sometime before 1800. The parish derived a yearly rental income therefrom. Daxweiler's history is also very tightly bound to the Family Puricelli's, for their entrepreneurial endeavours at the Stromberger Neuhütte and the Rheinböller Hütte have supplied the region with jobs for more than 150 years. On these grounds, the Puricelli family heraldic device appears in the municipality's coat of arms.

Paragraph 30: Some observers have speculated that if the participants were Falun Gong practitioners, they may have resorted to self-immolation in response to the publication of a new scripture by Li Hongzhi released on 1 January 2001, "Beyond the Limits of Forbearance." An article authored by a collection of Mainland Chinese Falun Gong practitioners and published on the main Chinese-language Falun Gong website noted that the scripture had caused confusion both among Falun Gong practitioners and "in society," and that some people wondered whether Falun Gong would resort to violence to resist persecution. The authors wrote that this would not occur, as violence would be both counterproductive and contrary to the core teachings of the practice. A Falun Gong spokesperson clarified that the new scripture simply meant it was time to "bring truth to light" about human rights abuses committed by the Chinese government. Nonetheless, Gittings posited that the scripture may have confused Falun Gong followers, particularly in Mainland China. Matthew Forney wrote in Time magazine that Li's message had spread into China via the internet and informal networks of followers, and speculated that it may have galvanised more radical practitioners there. David Ownby wrote that he found the brief message to be "difficult to interpret": on its surface, the scripture resembled a "call to arms" against what Li described as "evil beings who no longer have any human nature or righteous thoughts." Yet Ownby said no practitioners he talked to had seen the scripture as a "green light" for violent action. Instead, practitioners had interpreted it to mean exactly the opposite, that they could non-violently resist suppression without guilt; they could stop "simply surrendering to the police at the first moment of a confrontation. They could run away, they could organize, they were, in a word, free of whatever constraints the necessity to "forbear" had previously placed upon them." In an interview with the Washington Post, Ownby noted that Li does not endorse suicide in any of his recent statements, "But a practitioner at the end of his or her rope in China could certainly see [the statements] as an endorsement for martyrdom, and perhaps choose his or her own means to achieve that."

Paragraph 31: The player arrives at Camp spirit as a rookie cheerleader on Wolf squad, a squad that doesn't have high ratings. As soon as they get there, another cheerleader challenges them to a cheer challenge and then they meet up with spiteful cousin, Becka. Becka challenges them to a night time cheer challenge after curfew, but she doesn't show up. They end up getting in trouble for sneaking out after curfew. The next day, they are assigned a punishment and soon begin cheer events and competitions against other squads. Jayden, one of the squad mates, finds out that Becka tricked them and decides to take revenge on Becka's squad, Tiger squad. Jayden finds the Wolf squad spirit stick missing, and assumes  that Tiger Squad stole it, so in retaliation to this she sneaks into the Tiger Squad dorm and steals their spirit stick. However, it turns out the captain of their squad, Kieko, just took their stick to a camp council meeting so Jayden asks them to sneak into the Tiger Squad dorm after curfew and return the stick. They successfully return the stick, but Kieko comes back from the meeting and they get into trouble. Jayden blames the whole thing on them, and they are assigned another punishment next day. Jayden feels bad and admits that she stole Tiger Squad's spirit stick. Kieko refuses to lift the player's punishment, and Jayden tells the cheer council about it. The council decides that they showed true spirit by taking the blame for Jayden and Kieko didn't because she didn't lift the punishment. The player is promoted to captain of Wolf Squad in Kieko's place. They are harsh on their squadmates and they start to get upset. That night, they and Jayden here a noise coming from another dorm and Jayden asks them to go and investigate. The player sneaks out and find Becka having to work out all night without food in Tiger Squad's dorm by her captain, Brianna. The player brings Becka cake and she starts being nice. The next day is the last day of cheer camp.  Becka nominates the player for camp champ against Tiger Squad leader Brianna.  The next day, they challenge her, but she ends up winning, earning herself the title of Camp Champ for the third year in a row. The player competes in a few more events and challenges more cheerleaders to get patches for their journal, and end up winning the last cheer event.

Paragraph 32: Lu Edmonds (1999): “It's very difficult for me to listen to that stuff now without thinking what it should have been, or what it could have been. It sounds really '80s to me, an '80s rock production. Actually I hear more production and the studio equipment than I can hear of the band, and that's the disappointment for me [...] I think there was potential for Happy? to be a great album but I think we had the wrong producer. I mean, Gary Langan's a very good producer, a really nice guy. But he was the wrong guy because in the end he ended up squashing all the scruffy bits [...] What Gary did was he filled it all up, so everything was all sort of Art of Noise [...] [John Lydon] was in this sort of mood where he was very hands off, he just wanted to come in and do his vocal, because in a way I think that's what happened with Album, and it was a revelation for him, it was a great experience for him [...] I think he was very missed in the creative process. He wouldn't be there, it was left to us to come up with grooves and little tunes [...] It felt like John wasn't there.”

Paragraph 33: The body of a Pro Modified car is somewhat similar to a Pro Stock race car, yet also radically different at the same time. Whereas Pro Stock cars retain street identification, Pro Modified cars' bodies are just that: modified. Pro Mod race cars have either a forward-facing (with the opening in front) hood scoop for nitrous injected cars, or the hood may be cut to allow a supercharger to be fitted through onto a blown motor. Also, a Pro Modified car is usually fitted with a long, flat wing extending from the base of the rear windshield and past where the lip of the trunk lid would be on a normal car. This wing aids in downforce and stability, and helps keep the car on the ground. Many body styles are represented in the Pro Mod class. Everything from a Plymouth Superbird to a Volkswagen Beetle has been seen at the dragstrip in Pro Mod fitting. Some of the more common body styles include the Chevrolet Corvette and Camaro, the Ford Mustang, and Studebaker vehicles. Small pick-up trucks, like the Chevrolet S-10 also make for popular Pro Mod vehicle choices. The material with which the body of a Pro Modified race car is constructed out of is a Carbon Fiber or similar composites, similar to the material used in the bodies of most race cars. In 2008, the IHRA banned any body style of a current legal Pro Stock car (Chevrolet Cobalt, Dodge Stratus, or Ford Mustang, Holden Commodore, or the former Pontiac G6 GXP) from being used in Pro Modified, but that rule disappeared when the IHRA ceased sanction of the class.  Any legal body style is permitted in NHRA or PDRA sanctioned races, with former NHRA Pro Stock Motorcycle champion Matt Smith racing his father's (Trickie Rickie Smith's) 2010-style Chevrolet Camaro at the 2011 U. S. Nationals.

Paragraph 34: Justices Rehnquist, Burger, Stewart, and Powell voted with the plurality and Justice Blackmun concurred in the judgment only. The main reasons behind their decision were that young females already faced a significant deterrent from engaging in sexual intercourse and that the statute furthered the state goal of preventing teenage pregnancy. In his written opinion, Justice Rehnquist said, "[t]he statute protects women from sexual intercourse and pregnancy at an age when the physical, emotional, and psychological consequences are particularly severe. Because virtually all of the significant harmful and identifiable consequences of teenage pregnancy fall on the female, a legislature acts well within its authority when it elects to punish only the participant who, by nature, suffers few of the consequences of his conduct."  Because young women are faced with the risk of unwanted pregnancy when they engage in sexual intercourse, they already face a substantial deterrent and therefore don't necessarily need to be included in the law. The risks and consequences associated with teenage pregnancy are, according to the Court, enough of a discouragement to females. However, because males don't face the same physical, mental, and emotional risks associated with sex and teen pregnancy, "imposing criminal penalties on men was necessary to ‘roughly ‘equalize’ the deterrents on the sexes."  The Court also said that because the statute helped to further a major goal of the state, it was constitutional and should be upheld. This form of judicial review is known as intermediate scrutiny. In order to pass an intermediate scrutiny test, "the challenged law must further an important government interest by means that are substantially related to that interest".  According to Justice Rehnquist, the law aided in the prevention of teen pregnancy, which was a major goal of the state of California.  In the trial, the state of California argued that, "the language of [the statutory rape law] and the policy and intent of the California legislature evinced in other legislation demonstrate that the prevention of pregnancy and the prevention of physical harm to female minors are the primary purposes underlying [the law]," This argument emphasizes how the gender bias found in California's statutory rape law aids in furthering the state's goal of preventing teenage pregnancy. The natural discouragements that females have in regards to sexual intercourse coupled with this statute and its singling out of males as the sole perpetrators together form a significant deterrent keeping teens from engaging in sexual intercourse. The statute takes steps to avoid teenage pregnancy and therefore helps to advance the state's goals. It was because of these reasons that the Court upheld the law.