Paragraph 1: In 1982, Holmes placed a want ad in a Toronto newspaper looking for new musicians to join the band. Percussionist Chris Steffler and guitarist Sergio Galli answered the ad. Steffler (b. 1958/1959) grew-up in Wasaga Beach, where his parents owned a trailer park and campground, and where Steffler played drums for local bands before moving to Toronto in 1978. Galli (b. 1959/1960) was enrolled in the architecture program at the University of Toronto when he answered Holmes' ad. The band recorded a seven track demo tape on a four-track recorder and sent it to British music producer David Tickle who liked their sound and flew to Toronto to work with them. The band signed to Epic Records Canada and Tickle produced their self-titled EP, which was released in 1983. Tickle also produced their debut, full-length album Standing in the Dark, which expanded upon the tracks from their EP and was released later that same year. Standing in the Dark sold over 200,000 copies in Canada, which was certified double platinum at the time. The band's videos for the singles "Standing in the Dark" and "Doesn't Really Matter" were directed by Rob Quartly and were both nominated for video of the year at the 1984 Juno Awards. The Canadian music cable network MuchMusic (later known as Much) also launched in 1984, further exposing their music to a wider audience.

Paragraph 2: The first articles in the Romanian Wikipedia were written in July 2003, with the first version of the main page being drafted on 12 July. The user interface, initially in English, started being translated into Romanian by Bogdan Stăncescu (registered with the username Gutza) as soon as he was given sysop rights. The same user subsequently contacted several Romanian universities that were available on the internet, as well as the Romanian Academy, in order to attract new contributors. His efforts were soon remarked by the Romanian media, who invited him on several occasions to introduce the project to the public. By the end of 2003, the Romanian Wikipedia had exceeded 3,000 articles, ranking 16th among all Wikipedias. The 10,000th article was written on 13 December 2004, and the 50,000th on 5 January 2007.

Paragraph 3: In February 2009, Jimmy and Nicola De Souza (Nicola Wheeler) drowned their sorrows together and ended up in the back of an Emmerdale Haulage van, waking up the next morning naked and on their way to Hull. Nicola was horrified; Jimmy was amused. Nicola felt she was too good for Jimmy and refused to consider a relationship. A few weeks later, she asked him to go with her to Home Farm but Jimmy was uncomfortable and got drunk before spending the night with Nicola again.  She dumped him again but when Rodney suggested Jimmy might have some money in Switzerland (where he was going on a business trip), Nicola was suddenly interested. Carl told Jimmy that Nicola was only interested in his money and when Nicola proved Carl right, Jimmy humiliated her by wining and dining her before telling everyone that she was a gold digger and left her at the roadside. Sandy Thomas (Freddie Jones) and Douglas Potts (Duncan Preston), who lived with Nicola, grew so tired of her that they wrote love letters in Jimmy's name, asking her to move in with him. Nicola jumped at the chance of living with him and Jimmy was thrilled. He was shocked to hear about the letters but kept quiet. The truth came out when Betty Eagleton (Paula Tilbrook) read out a similar letter from Sandy. Jimmy admitted that he hadn't written the letter but Nicola demanded he write her a love letter, despite him insisting that he wasn't very good at it. He was proved right and after another argument caused by Jimmy telling Nicola she was curvaceous, which she interpreted as fat, he ended it and Lexi Nicholls (Sally Oliver) insisted that she move out, persuading Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) to let Nicola move back into the vicarage. In May 2009, Nicola discovered she was pregnant but didn't tell Jimmy so Rodney did and Jimmy wooed her into a reconciliation, planning to let her tell him about the baby when she was ready. When Nicola found out, she was furious and dumped him again and considered giving the baby up for adoption but Laurel convinced her not to. Jimmy and Nicola bonded when they went for a scan and they decided to give things another go. Nicola returned to Mill Cottage and supported Lexi after her ectopic pregnancy and shock discovery that she was unlikely to conceive again. Scarlett offered to pay for their IVF but Carl told Jimmy (as Scarlett's trustee), not to release the money as he didn't want any more children. Horrified, Nicola insisted Carl tell Lexi. He did and she threw him out, leaving Nicola to comfort her but this led to a fight and Nicola fell down the stairs. Lexi called an ambulance and Nicola and the baby got the all-clear but Nicola blamed Carl for the fight and told him so, warning him to be honest with Lexi. On 6 August, Nicola gave birth prematurely to baby Angelica, who spent a few days in the special care unit. On the 13th, Nicola went for a shower and Lexi took Angelica up to the roof to show her the world. Although Jimmy, Nicola and Scarlett were terrified she'd harm Angelica, Lexi convinced Nicola to trust her and Carl finally admitted that he didn't want any more children and never had. She returned Angelica to Nicola and after a verbal and physical fight with Carl, she left him and Emmerdale for good.

Paragraph 4: Soups, often featuring egg noodles, are characteristic of the Pennsylvania Dutch. Pennsylvanian Dutch homes have traditionally had many broths on hand (vegetable, fish, poultry, and other meats) from the saving of any extra liquids available: "The Pennsylvania Dutch developed soup making to such a high art that complete cookbooks could be written about their soups alone; there was an appropriate soup for every day of the year, including a variety of hot and cold fruit soups." Soups were traditionally divided into different categories, including Sippli or "little soup" (a light broth), Koppsupper or "cup soups", Suppe (thick, chowder soups, often served as a meal with bread), and G'schmorte (a soup with no broth, often like a Brieh (Brei) or gravy).

Paragraph 5: While most scholars such as Kenneth Kitchen have equated Manetho's Tefnakht with the king Shepsesre Tefnakht of Sais who is attested by the Year 8 Athens donation stela, a recent article by Olivier Perdu has suggested that this Tefnakht was rather Tefnakht II, a much later king of Sais who ruled in the mid-680's BCE during the late Nubian 25th Dynasty. In his paper, Perdu published a newly discovered stela dating from the second year of Necho I's reign, which he contends is similar in style, text and content to the Year 8 stela of Shepsesre Tefnakht. Perdu, thus, infers that these two kings of Sais—Necho I and Tefnakht II—were close contemporaries. However, his arguments are not currently accepted by most Egyptian scholars such as Dan'el Kahn or Kenneth Kitchen who still believe that the Year 8 Athens stela of king Shepsesre Tefnakht likely belongs to Tefnakht I rather than a hypothetical Tefnakht II who would then have assumed power in 685 BC at Sais—early during the reign of Taharqa, one of the most powerful Nubian rulers of Egypt. Kahn has also stressed at an Egyptological Conference at Leiden that Perdu's epigraphic criteria here in the famed Athens stela—such as the use of the tripartite wig, the method through which the falcon-headed god keeps his head upright in the same stela and on temple wall reliefs contemporary with Tefnakht I's time, the decoration of the stela scene: Heaven supported by wAs scepters—appear already in use in the 24th or early 25th Nubian dynasty during Piye, Shabaka or Bakenranef's reign. The invisible back side of the tripartite wig can be found on the donation stela of Shebitku from Pharbaitos and on the Bakenranef/Bocchoris vase dating to the last days of Piye and the beginning of Shabaka—all appear close in time to the presumed reign of Tefnakht I. Moreover, the head of the falcon-headed god Horus is, as Perdu himself noted, similar in style to the stela of Tefnakht, chief of the Meshwesh and Piye's chief rival.

Paragraph 6: Smith continued to run his painting business, which employed 250 by 1965. In 1962, he established a public relations firm to support redevelopment of other urban centres in the north-east, and later nationwide. This company formed links with John Poulson, an architect keen for the business and known for paying those who could supply it. Smith eventually received £156,000 from Poulson for his work, which typically involved signing up local councillors on to the payroll of his companies and getting them to push their councils to accept Poulson's prepackaged redevelopment schemes. Poulson earned more than £1,000,000 through Smith, who regarded him as the "best architect Britain ever produced." Poulson did not design any buildings in Newcastle, and there is no evidence of corruption during Smith's time as head of Newcastle's council.

Paragraph 7: In 2001, Phil gets shot by an unseen assailant and Jamie resolves to take care of his business empire until he recovers. Jamie later suspects that one of Phil's two archenemies, Steve Owen (Martin Kemp) and Dan Sullivan (Craig Fairbrass), is the culprit when he becomes involved in their dangerous feud – up to the point where Dan begins to extort money from Jamie in his revenge against Phil, while Steve begins clashing with Jamie over the escalating situation. Billy, who is working for Steve as his errand boy, learns about Jamie's struggle and taunts him about it until Jamie overpowers Billy in the snooker club and forces him to submit. Moreover, Jamie ends up sharing his theory with Steve's wife and Dan's former girlfriend Mel Healy (Tamzin Outhwaite). By the time Phil has recovered, it is revealed that the shooter was in fact his ex-girlfriend and Mel's best-friend Lisa Shaw (Lucy Benjamin). He doesn't tell Jamie about this, however, and the two resolve to implicate Dan and Steve behind the shooting in order to rid them out of the square for good. Phil sets his plan to frame Dan as the shooter and Steve as an accessory in motion when he contacts Dan's former crime boss, Ritchie Stringer (Gareth Hunt), and lends him Steve's handgun that Lisa used to shoot him; Ritchie later gives Dan the gun under the pretense of being permitted to further extort Phil. Later on that night, Dan threatens Phil at gunpoint and Jamie intervenes when he suspects that something has gone wrong. Dan nearly shoots them until the police arrive and arrest him for shooting Phil. Afterwards, Phil summons his lawyer Marcus Christie (Stephen Churchett) and the two advice Jamie to testify against Dan to ensure he gets sent down. Jamie complies and Phil later entraps Steve into conspiring with him against Dan to rid themselves of their common enemy. However, their plan fails when Dan is found not guilty and he gets revenge on Phil by kidnapping Mel for a £200,000 ransom – with Dan also getting revenge on Steve for conspiring with Phil against him and using Mel as leverage to exact his vengeance.

Paragraph 8: In 1982, Holmes placed a want ad in a Toronto newspaper looking for new musicians to join the band. Percussionist Chris Steffler and guitarist Sergio Galli answered the ad. Steffler (b. 1958/1959) grew-up in Wasaga Beach, where his parents owned a trailer park and campground, and where Steffler played drums for local bands before moving to Toronto in 1978. Galli (b. 1959/1960) was enrolled in the architecture program at the University of Toronto when he answered Holmes' ad. The band recorded a seven track demo tape on a four-track recorder and sent it to British music producer David Tickle who liked their sound and flew to Toronto to work with them. The band signed to Epic Records Canada and Tickle produced their self-titled EP, which was released in 1983. Tickle also produced their debut, full-length album Standing in the Dark, which expanded upon the tracks from their EP and was released later that same year. Standing in the Dark sold over 200,000 copies in Canada, which was certified double platinum at the time. The band's videos for the singles "Standing in the Dark" and "Doesn't Really Matter" were directed by Rob Quartly and were both nominated for video of the year at the 1984 Juno Awards. The Canadian music cable network MuchMusic (later known as Much) also launched in 1984, further exposing their music to a wider audience.

Paragraph 9: SharpDevelop was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature and features very similar to those found in Borland Kylix and Delphi, including advanced project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging functionality.  More specifically, the IDE includes a GUI designer, code/design views, syntax highlighting, auto completion menus (similar to IntelliSense) the ability to compile and debug form/console .NET Framework applications, a "New Project" wizard, toolbars, menus, panels and a docking system, and built-in code refactoring tools, and it has an integrated debugger that allows for stepping, viewing values of objects in memory, and breakpoints.

Paragraph 10: In 1899 his lectures had been extended to include Marconi's system. The successful experiments by Walker in Sydney in August 1899 prompted Jenvey to reveal that for some weeks he had been exchanging messages between the General Post Office and the Telephone exchange at Willis Street, a distance of a half mile. The first message to grace the airwaves of Melbourne was "Long reign Duffy" referring to the then Postmaster-General for Victoria. By 1900 he was reporting that an experimental network of wireless stations had been established at the Observatory, Wilson Hall at the University and the General Post Office. As part of the Congress of the Association for the Advancement of Science, on 12 January 1900, Jenvey presented a lecture on the current state of wireless telegraphy in the world at the Wilson Hall of the University of Melbourne. At the conclusion of the lecture, he then sent a request from his station erected in the hall and received in return the word "Melbourne" from his station in the tower of the General Post Office. Jenvey continued his experiments throughout 1900, with regular stations established at Heidelberg and Doncaster. From April 1901, efforts concentrated on Point Ormond, Port Phillip Bay and a station was established with a 155 ft. pole near the shoreline, to take advantage of the better propagation over salt water. From Point Ormond, communication was soon established with Point Cook, a distance of 10 miles, by means of a kite-borne aerial at the latter location. The timing of this extension of transmission distance for Jenvey's apparatus was sublime. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York were to visit Australia to participate in the celebrations of Federation. Jenvey sought and obtained permission from Senator Drake, the Postmaster-General, to erect a facility at Queenscliff to send greetings to the royal party as they approached Port Phillip Bay. In the first week of May, a large tent was erected on the recreation reserve near the fort and the equipment installed. On Sunday evening 5 May 1901, news was received at Queenscliff that the R.M.S. Ophir was off Split Point and the message of greeting was sent. No reply was received, but it was later confirmed that the message was received by the escorting ships, but the absence of a Naval code precluded a response. While the convoy was in port, Jenvey established contact with Lieutenant Trousdale, R.N., of the warship  and messages were then regularly exchanged with the Point Ormond station. When most of the convoy departed on 18 May, Jenvey exchanged messages with the St. George on the initial part of her journey. The last message received from the St. George was at a distance of 37 miles, a record for Australia which would stand for some years. He continued his experiments throughout the 1900s, but prioritised the essential work of developing and integrating the telegraphic and telephonic networks of the fledgling Commonwealth.

Paragraph 11: In 1982, Holmes placed a want ad in a Toronto newspaper looking for new musicians to join the band. Percussionist Chris Steffler and guitarist Sergio Galli answered the ad. Steffler (b. 1958/1959) grew-up in Wasaga Beach, where his parents owned a trailer park and campground, and where Steffler played drums for local bands before moving to Toronto in 1978. Galli (b. 1959/1960) was enrolled in the architecture program at the University of Toronto when he answered Holmes' ad. The band recorded a seven track demo tape on a four-track recorder and sent it to British music producer David Tickle who liked their sound and flew to Toronto to work with them. The band signed to Epic Records Canada and Tickle produced their self-titled EP, which was released in 1983. Tickle also produced their debut, full-length album Standing in the Dark, which expanded upon the tracks from their EP and was released later that same year. Standing in the Dark sold over 200,000 copies in Canada, which was certified double platinum at the time. The band's videos for the singles "Standing in the Dark" and "Doesn't Really Matter" were directed by Rob Quartly and were both nominated for video of the year at the 1984 Juno Awards. The Canadian music cable network MuchMusic (later known as Much) also launched in 1984, further exposing their music to a wider audience.

Paragraph 12: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 13: After obtaining his doctorate, Heimsoth worked at practices in the Gynecologic University Clinic of Kiel.  At the same time, he became an "activist of the first homosexual emancipation movement", but distanced himself from the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee that had formed around Magnus Hirschfeld, because he considered that the theories advocated by the Committee concerning the "third sex" were wrong, and based on a reflex or proxy for the heteronormative assumption that sexual attraction is possible only as a function of polar opposites,  even when such polar opposites are embodied within one individual as in the 'third sex'. Theories regarding the 'third sex' from which he chose to distance himself, are ultimately based on the idea that the polarity represented by heterosexuality must be universal, and as such even homosexual individuals and the homosexual orientation itself mus reproduce or emulate that polarity. Heimsoth's theory on the other hand does not rely on heterosexuality to explain homosexuality. Instead it takes homosexuality as it is, as an attraction to the same sex, without any reference to a polarity real or imagined. In his writing Freundesliebe oder Homosexualität ("Love Between Friends or Homosexuality"), published in the magazine Der Eigene by Adolf Brand in 1925, Heimsoth showed his antisemitism: "All heroic and masculine love between friends" remains, "in his idea and possibilities of understanding[,] foreign to the Jewish spirit". Male homosexuality is thus envisioned as not only heroic, but purely masculine, not only in terms of its object of attraction but also in the sexual identity and being of the man in question. In this understanding it is the masculine within the homosexual male that seeks out the same masculinity in other males as sexually attractive without any reference to an assumed internal feminine.   Heimsoth's ideal was that of a whole man, virile and Aryan.  Homoerotic friendships between men were to serve as a nexus of "obersten Machtaufgebot" (called higher power).  Heimsoth thought that he could find examples of such heroes among the soldiers of World War I and among the Freikorps environment, as can be gathered from his 1925 publication in the magazine Der Eigene: in it he asked to be sent documentation to demonstrate the "circumstances and homoerotic relations in the Kampfwagen formations and secret societies" and wanted to obtain material "about heroism, the heroic leader problem and the psyche of the volunteers, the desperate, Landsknechte, Freikorps members, and secret societies".

Paragraph 14: In the mid-1940s, Ed Dodd was employed in advertising. Dodd and Jack Elrod met when they were with the Boy Scouts; Dodd was a Scout leader and Elrod was a Scout. In 1946, after Dodd sold Mark Trail to a syndicate, the strip was launched on April 15 in the New York Post. In 1950, Dodd hired Elrod to work as the strip's background artist and letterer. During the late 1940s, the cartoonist Jack Davis worked one summer inking Mark Trail, which he later parodied in Mad as "Mark Trade." In addition to Davis and Elrod, Dodd also hired Tom Hill, Barbara Chen (who did the lettering) and secretary Rhett Carmichael. The strip's popularity grew through the mid-1960s, with Mark Trail appearing in nearly 500 newspapers through the North America Syndicate.

Paragraph 15: In 1899 his lectures had been extended to include Marconi's system. The successful experiments by Walker in Sydney in August 1899 prompted Jenvey to reveal that for some weeks he had been exchanging messages between the General Post Office and the Telephone exchange at Willis Street, a distance of a half mile. The first message to grace the airwaves of Melbourne was "Long reign Duffy" referring to the then Postmaster-General for Victoria. By 1900 he was reporting that an experimental network of wireless stations had been established at the Observatory, Wilson Hall at the University and the General Post Office. As part of the Congress of the Association for the Advancement of Science, on 12 January 1900, Jenvey presented a lecture on the current state of wireless telegraphy in the world at the Wilson Hall of the University of Melbourne. At the conclusion of the lecture, he then sent a request from his station erected in the hall and received in return the word "Melbourne" from his station in the tower of the General Post Office. Jenvey continued his experiments throughout 1900, with regular stations established at Heidelberg and Doncaster. From April 1901, efforts concentrated on Point Ormond, Port Phillip Bay and a station was established with a 155 ft. pole near the shoreline, to take advantage of the better propagation over salt water. From Point Ormond, communication was soon established with Point Cook, a distance of 10 miles, by means of a kite-borne aerial at the latter location. The timing of this extension of transmission distance for Jenvey's apparatus was sublime. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York were to visit Australia to participate in the celebrations of Federation. Jenvey sought and obtained permission from Senator Drake, the Postmaster-General, to erect a facility at Queenscliff to send greetings to the royal party as they approached Port Phillip Bay. In the first week of May, a large tent was erected on the recreation reserve near the fort and the equipment installed. On Sunday evening 5 May 1901, news was received at Queenscliff that the R.M.S. Ophir was off Split Point and the message of greeting was sent. No reply was received, but it was later confirmed that the message was received by the escorting ships, but the absence of a Naval code precluded a response. While the convoy was in port, Jenvey established contact with Lieutenant Trousdale, R.N., of the warship  and messages were then regularly exchanged with the Point Ormond station. When most of the convoy departed on 18 May, Jenvey exchanged messages with the St. George on the initial part of her journey. The last message received from the St. George was at a distance of 37 miles, a record for Australia which would stand for some years. He continued his experiments throughout the 1900s, but prioritised the essential work of developing and integrating the telegraphic and telephonic networks of the fledgling Commonwealth.

Paragraph 16: Lennon's song was a litany where every line started with the word "everybody". The song had been recorded twice before by Lennon, prior to the Let It Be sessions. The first occurred in early December 1968 at Lennon's Kenwood estate on a portable cassette tape. For this, the lyric was "Everyone had a hard year" instead of the later "Everybody". Later in December 1968, with the lyric changed to "everybody," Lennon was filmed performing the song in the back garden of Kenwood. This footage was used in the Yoko Ono art film Rape: Film No. 6, which was broadcast on Austrian television on 31 March 1969.

Paragraph 17: Smith continued to run his painting business, which employed 250 by 1965. In 1962, he established a public relations firm to support redevelopment of other urban centres in the north-east, and later nationwide. This company formed links with John Poulson, an architect keen for the business and known for paying those who could supply it. Smith eventually received £156,000 from Poulson for his work, which typically involved signing up local councillors on to the payroll of his companies and getting them to push their councils to accept Poulson's prepackaged redevelopment schemes. Poulson earned more than £1,000,000 through Smith, who regarded him as the "best architect Britain ever produced." Poulson did not design any buildings in Newcastle, and there is no evidence of corruption during Smith's time as head of Newcastle's council.

Paragraph 18: McGinley was raised in Rathfarnham and was educated at St Mary's BNS and Coláiste Éanna. His father Mick — who is from Dunfanaghy — played Gaelic football for Donegal, while his mother Julia comes from Rathmullan. McGinley himself was born in Dublin and studied at Dublin Institute of Technology. After his knee injury McGinley turned his full attention to golf. McGinley later said that when he played golf as part of a team it helped to raise his game to another level. He credited his experience of Gaelic football for his passion for team sports and suggested it played a part in why he was appointed European captain for the 2014 Ryder Cup.

Paragraph 19: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 20: The boys soccer team holds the United States high school record with 25 state championships. The boys soccer team won the Group II championship in 1946-1950, 1991 (co-champion with Cinnaminson High School), 2001 (vs. Northern Burlington County Regional High School), 2002 (vs. Hopewell Valley Central High School) and 2003 (co-champion with Delran High School); Group I in 1953-1955, 1958-1960, 1966 (co-champion with Jamesburg High School), 1968 (co-champion with Chatham High School), 1970 (co-champion with Chatham), 1972 (co-champion with Jamesburg), 1975 (vs. Riverside High School), 1976 (co-champion with Riverside), 2006 (vs. Metuchen High School), 2007 (vs. Arthur P. Schalick High School), 2008 (vs. South River High School) and 2014 (vs. Haddon Township High School). The team has won a total of 25 state championships, tied for the most in the state; this total includes titles awarded to the team in 1946-1950, 1954, 1955, 1958 and 1959, prior to the playoff era. The 15 state titles won via playoffs are the second most of any school in the state, The 1966 team finished the season at 12-1-4 after the Group I championship game with Jamesburg ended in a 1–1 tie. The 1972 team finished the season with 13-2-4 record after being declared as the Group I co-champion with Jamesburg following a 1–1 tie after double overtime in the tournament final played at Fairleigh Dickinson University. The 1991 team finished the season with an 18-4-2 after the Group II championship game with Cinnaminson ended in a 0-0 time, marking the program's sixth state championship, five of them as co-champions. The team won the 2006 North II, Group I state sectional championship with a 2-1 win against Glen Ridge High School, then won the Group I state championship with a 2-0 win over Waldwick High School in the semifinals and a 6-0 win against Metuchen in the finals. The 2007 team repeated as North II, Group I state sectional championship with a 3-1 win over Jonathan Dayton High School in the tournament final. The 2007 team won the Group I state championship with a 2-1 win over Arthur P. Schalick High School, the team's 23rd state championship, finishing the season with an 18–5–2 record. The 2008 team won the Group I state championship with a 2-1 win over South River High School. The team finished the season 22-1-1 record and won the 2013 North II, Group II state sectional championship with a 4-0 victory against Leonia High School also winning the Hudson County Tournament against Memorial High School by a score of 2-0. The team finished the season with a 24–3 record and won the program's 25th state title in 2014 with a 4-0 victory against Haddon Township in the Group I final at Kean University. The team finished the season 20-4 record and won the 2016 North II, Group II state sectional championship with a 2-2 penalty shootout victory against Dover High School. The Blue tides won their league division in 2011,2012,2013,2014,2015,2016,2017,2019,2021,2022

Paragraph 21: McGinley was raised in Rathfarnham and was educated at St Mary's BNS and Coláiste Éanna. His father Mick — who is from Dunfanaghy — played Gaelic football for Donegal, while his mother Julia comes from Rathmullan. McGinley himself was born in Dublin and studied at Dublin Institute of Technology. After his knee injury McGinley turned his full attention to golf. McGinley later said that when he played golf as part of a team it helped to raise his game to another level. He credited his experience of Gaelic football for his passion for team sports and suggested it played a part in why he was appointed European captain for the 2014 Ryder Cup.

Paragraph 22: In the mid-1940s, Ed Dodd was employed in advertising. Dodd and Jack Elrod met when they were with the Boy Scouts; Dodd was a Scout leader and Elrod was a Scout. In 1946, after Dodd sold Mark Trail to a syndicate, the strip was launched on April 15 in the New York Post. In 1950, Dodd hired Elrod to work as the strip's background artist and letterer. During the late 1940s, the cartoonist Jack Davis worked one summer inking Mark Trail, which he later parodied in Mad as "Mark Trade." In addition to Davis and Elrod, Dodd also hired Tom Hill, Barbara Chen (who did the lettering) and secretary Rhett Carmichael. The strip's popularity grew through the mid-1960s, with Mark Trail appearing in nearly 500 newspapers through the North America Syndicate.

Paragraph 23: In the mid-1940s, Ed Dodd was employed in advertising. Dodd and Jack Elrod met when they were with the Boy Scouts; Dodd was a Scout leader and Elrod was a Scout. In 1946, after Dodd sold Mark Trail to a syndicate, the strip was launched on April 15 in the New York Post. In 1950, Dodd hired Elrod to work as the strip's background artist and letterer. During the late 1940s, the cartoonist Jack Davis worked one summer inking Mark Trail, which he later parodied in Mad as "Mark Trade." In addition to Davis and Elrod, Dodd also hired Tom Hill, Barbara Chen (who did the lettering) and secretary Rhett Carmichael. The strip's popularity grew through the mid-1960s, with Mark Trail appearing in nearly 500 newspapers through the North America Syndicate.

Paragraph 24: Lance Nayek Nur Mohammad was selected as the captain of the Standing Patrol team at Goalhati in Jessore's Chutipur Camp that was established to monitor the Pakistan army. On 5 September, Nur Mohammad was patrolling with 4 fellow soldiers. The Pakistan army attacked them from three different sides. Nur Mohammad tried to retreat to his base while still engaging the Pakistani troops. Meanwhile, one of his fellow soldiers, Nannu Mia, was injured after a bullet hit him. Nur Mohammad tried to carry Nannu Mia towards safety while trying to fire his gun from different places as a trick to confuse the Pakistani troops into believing that there were more than four Bangladeshi rebels. In doing so, Nur Mohammad himself was hit by a mortar and his foot was destroyed. Even though he was seriously injured, Nur Mohammad decided to continue to provide cover fire for his team to escape. At the time, his fellow Sepoy Mostafa urged Nur Mohammad to go with him. Mostafa even tried to force Nur Mohammad to go but Nur Mohammad refused to go and gave his light machine gun to Mostafa so that it would not be captured after his death. He kept a self loaded rifle with him and kept on fighting until he died.

Paragraph 25: In 1899 his lectures had been extended to include Marconi's system. The successful experiments by Walker in Sydney in August 1899 prompted Jenvey to reveal that for some weeks he had been exchanging messages between the General Post Office and the Telephone exchange at Willis Street, a distance of a half mile. The first message to grace the airwaves of Melbourne was "Long reign Duffy" referring to the then Postmaster-General for Victoria. By 1900 he was reporting that an experimental network of wireless stations had been established at the Observatory, Wilson Hall at the University and the General Post Office. As part of the Congress of the Association for the Advancement of Science, on 12 January 1900, Jenvey presented a lecture on the current state of wireless telegraphy in the world at the Wilson Hall of the University of Melbourne. At the conclusion of the lecture, he then sent a request from his station erected in the hall and received in return the word "Melbourne" from his station in the tower of the General Post Office. Jenvey continued his experiments throughout 1900, with regular stations established at Heidelberg and Doncaster. From April 1901, efforts concentrated on Point Ormond, Port Phillip Bay and a station was established with a 155 ft. pole near the shoreline, to take advantage of the better propagation over salt water. From Point Ormond, communication was soon established with Point Cook, a distance of 10 miles, by means of a kite-borne aerial at the latter location. The timing of this extension of transmission distance for Jenvey's apparatus was sublime. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York were to visit Australia to participate in the celebrations of Federation. Jenvey sought and obtained permission from Senator Drake, the Postmaster-General, to erect a facility at Queenscliff to send greetings to the royal party as they approached Port Phillip Bay. In the first week of May, a large tent was erected on the recreation reserve near the fort and the equipment installed. On Sunday evening 5 May 1901, news was received at Queenscliff that the R.M.S. Ophir was off Split Point and the message of greeting was sent. No reply was received, but it was later confirmed that the message was received by the escorting ships, but the absence of a Naval code precluded a response. While the convoy was in port, Jenvey established contact with Lieutenant Trousdale, R.N., of the warship  and messages were then regularly exchanged with the Point Ormond station. When most of the convoy departed on 18 May, Jenvey exchanged messages with the St. George on the initial part of her journey. The last message received from the St. George was at a distance of 37 miles, a record for Australia which would stand for some years. He continued his experiments throughout the 1900s, but prioritised the essential work of developing and integrating the telegraphic and telephonic networks of the fledgling Commonwealth.

Paragraph 26: Muhammad died in 632 and the first successors, called Caliphs – Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman ibn al-Affan, Ali ibn Abi Talib and sometimes Hasan ibn Ali – are known in Sunni Islam as al-khulafā' ar-rāshidūn ("Rightly Guided Caliphs"). Some tribes left Islam and rebelled under leaders who declared themselves new prophets but were crushed by Abu Bakr in the Ridda wars. Local populations of Jews and indigenous Christians, persecuted as religious minorities and heretics and taxed heavily, often helped Muslims take over their lands, resulting in rapid expansion of the caliphate into the Persian and Byzantine empires. Uthman was elected in 644 and his assassination by rebels led to Ali being elected the next Caliph. In the First Civil War, Muhammad's widow, Aisha, raised an army against Ali, asking to avenge the death of Uthman, but was defeated at the Battle of the Camel. Ali attempted to remove the governor of Syria, Mu'awiya, who was seen as corrupt. Mu'awiya then declared war on Ali and was defeated in the Battle of Siffin. Ali's decision to arbitrate angered the Kharijites, an extremist sect, who felt that by not fighting a sinner, Ali became a sinner as well.  The Kharijites rebelled and were defeated in the Battle of Nahrawan but a Kharijite assassin later killed Ali. Ali's son, Hasan ibn Ali, was elected Caliph and signed a peace treaty to avoid further fighting, abdicating to Mu'awiya in return for Mu'awiya not appointing a successor. Mu'awiya began the Umayyad dynasty with the appointment of his son Yazid I as successor, sparking the Second Civil War. During the Battle of Karbala, Husayn ibn Ali was killed by Yazid's forces; the event has been annually commemorated by Shia ever since. Sunnis, led by Ibn al-Zubayr, opposed to a dynastic caliphate were defeated in the siege of Mecca. These disputes over leadership would give rise to the Sunni-Shia schism, with the Shia believing leadership belongs to Muhammad's family through Ali, called the ahl al-bayt.

Paragraph 27: In 2004, it established a joint venture with DuPont to manufacture a renewable 1,3-Propanediol that can be used to make Sorona (a substitute for nylon). This was its first major foray into bio-materials. In 2005, DuPont Tate & Lyle BioProducts was created as a joint venture between DuPont and Tate & Lyle. In 2006, it acquired Hycail, a small Dutch business, giving the company intellectual property and a pilot plant to manufacture Polylactic acid (PLA), another bio-plastic. In October 2007, five European starch and alcohol plants, previously part of the European starch division known as Amylum group, were sold to Syral, a subsidiary of French sugar company Tereos. Syral closed its Greenwich Peninsula plant in London in September 2009, and it was subsequently demolished.

Paragraph 28: Soups, often featuring egg noodles, are characteristic of the Pennsylvania Dutch. Pennsylvanian Dutch homes have traditionally had many broths on hand (vegetable, fish, poultry, and other meats) from the saving of any extra liquids available: "The Pennsylvania Dutch developed soup making to such a high art that complete cookbooks could be written about their soups alone; there was an appropriate soup for every day of the year, including a variety of hot and cold fruit soups." Soups were traditionally divided into different categories, including Sippli or "little soup" (a light broth), Koppsupper or "cup soups", Suppe (thick, chowder soups, often served as a meal with bread), and G'schmorte (a soup with no broth, often like a Brieh (Brei) or gravy).

Paragraph 29: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 30: McGinley was raised in Rathfarnham and was educated at St Mary's BNS and Coláiste Éanna. His father Mick — who is from Dunfanaghy — played Gaelic football for Donegal, while his mother Julia comes from Rathmullan. McGinley himself was born in Dublin and studied at Dublin Institute of Technology. After his knee injury McGinley turned his full attention to golf. McGinley later said that when he played golf as part of a team it helped to raise his game to another level. He credited his experience of Gaelic football for his passion for team sports and suggested it played a part in why he was appointed European captain for the 2014 Ryder Cup.

Paragraph 31: Seth invites her to the SnO.C. dance, she declines and tells him that he got the wrong idea out of the kiss. The same night, Zach appears at the Bait Shop for a drink. While there, he asks Alex for advice on Summer, oblivious to the fact that Alex actually knows Seth and Summer. She advises him to fight for Summer, otherwise she'll never fall for him. At the end of the conversation, she realizes that Zach is talking about Seth and Summer's relationship, and seems to contemplate making a move of her own. Alex shows up at the dance, and takes care of Seth after Zach punches him, and they end up sharing a kiss at the Bait Shop where they've gone to get a first aid kit. As their relationship has progressed, Seth keeps trying to impress her by being a "bad boy" by getting drunk and stealing Caleb's car. Upon realizing what Seth is doing Alex tells him that she's been with a lot of bad boys, and that he's just not one of them. She then proceeds to tell him that she likes him because he's a good guy. When Sandy, Seth's dad, shows up at the Bait Shop he asks her to tell Seth that they cannot see each other because Seth will not listen to him, as Sandy thinks Alex is a bad influence on Seth. When Seth ends up coming by the Bait Shop after sneaking out she tells him that his dad came by for a visit, and that she needs to do the right thing and not see him for a while. This doesn't last long as Alex then helps Seth and Sandy throw a surprise anniversary party for Kirsten, and they then approve of her. The good doesn't last long though; when Alex's ex-girlfriend, Jody, shows up in town it causes a strain between Seth and her and they decide to break up, and she apologizes for the incident.

Paragraph 32: In 1899 his lectures had been extended to include Marconi's system. The successful experiments by Walker in Sydney in August 1899 prompted Jenvey to reveal that for some weeks he had been exchanging messages between the General Post Office and the Telephone exchange at Willis Street, a distance of a half mile. The first message to grace the airwaves of Melbourne was "Long reign Duffy" referring to the then Postmaster-General for Victoria. By 1900 he was reporting that an experimental network of wireless stations had been established at the Observatory, Wilson Hall at the University and the General Post Office. As part of the Congress of the Association for the Advancement of Science, on 12 January 1900, Jenvey presented a lecture on the current state of wireless telegraphy in the world at the Wilson Hall of the University of Melbourne. At the conclusion of the lecture, he then sent a request from his station erected in the hall and received in return the word "Melbourne" from his station in the tower of the General Post Office. Jenvey continued his experiments throughout 1900, with regular stations established at Heidelberg and Doncaster. From April 1901, efforts concentrated on Point Ormond, Port Phillip Bay and a station was established with a 155 ft. pole near the shoreline, to take advantage of the better propagation over salt water. From Point Ormond, communication was soon established with Point Cook, a distance of 10 miles, by means of a kite-borne aerial at the latter location. The timing of this extension of transmission distance for Jenvey's apparatus was sublime. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York were to visit Australia to participate in the celebrations of Federation. Jenvey sought and obtained permission from Senator Drake, the Postmaster-General, to erect a facility at Queenscliff to send greetings to the royal party as they approached Port Phillip Bay. In the first week of May, a large tent was erected on the recreation reserve near the fort and the equipment installed. On Sunday evening 5 May 1901, news was received at Queenscliff that the R.M.S. Ophir was off Split Point and the message of greeting was sent. No reply was received, but it was later confirmed that the message was received by the escorting ships, but the absence of a Naval code precluded a response. While the convoy was in port, Jenvey established contact with Lieutenant Trousdale, R.N., of the warship  and messages were then regularly exchanged with the Point Ormond station. When most of the convoy departed on 18 May, Jenvey exchanged messages with the St. George on the initial part of her journey. The last message received from the St. George was at a distance of 37 miles, a record for Australia which would stand for some years. He continued his experiments throughout the 1900s, but prioritised the essential work of developing and integrating the telegraphic and telephonic networks of the fledgling Commonwealth.

Paragraph 33: In 2004, it established a joint venture with DuPont to manufacture a renewable 1,3-Propanediol that can be used to make Sorona (a substitute for nylon). This was its first major foray into bio-materials. In 2005, DuPont Tate & Lyle BioProducts was created as a joint venture between DuPont and Tate & Lyle. In 2006, it acquired Hycail, a small Dutch business, giving the company intellectual property and a pilot plant to manufacture Polylactic acid (PLA), another bio-plastic. In October 2007, five European starch and alcohol plants, previously part of the European starch division known as Amylum group, were sold to Syral, a subsidiary of French sugar company Tereos. Syral closed its Greenwich Peninsula plant in London in September 2009, and it was subsequently demolished.

Paragraph 34: Alabama's transportation and development play a large part in the history of Alabama. From the rivers and streams to the aerospace industry, Alabama's transportation is constantly growing and evolving. In the early periods of time, water transport was the most substantial means of travel. Water transportation in Alabama began with steamboats, with the first steamboat being the Alabama that was launched in 1818 on the Alabama River. A couple years after the launch of the first steamboat, Alabama began the development of railroad transportation. Railroads solved an abundance of transportation problems and formed opportunities for businessmen. Alabama's first railroad, the Tuscumbia Railway, opened in 1832 in Franklin County. Railroads began to connect Alabama to the rest of the country. In addition, railroads played a major part in the agriculture, politics, and businesses of Alabama. Following the development of railroads, in the beginning of the twentieth century, the Good Roads Movement was organized in efforts to advance modern roads and to persuade the government to further fund the construction and maintenance of the roads. In the early 1900s, the Good Roads movement brought about change in the Alabama state law, which allowed for the production of state highways. This even went a long way in to the 1920s, where the first of many long-distance highways were created in Alabama. Although building the modern roads seemed to bring a rise in the efficiency of transportation, there were some downfalls to building these roads. A big downfall to the production of roads was the high level of maintenance that they required, such as cutting trees, pulling stumps, leveling, and shoveling eroded dirt. In 1898, John H. Bankhead and John Asa Rountree founded the North Alabama Good Roads Association. This organization was focused on improving transportation by having the state highways paid for by the state government and administered by the state highway commission. This was only the beginning of transportation in Alabama. In 1910, aviation in Alabama came into play. Wilbur and Orville Wright formed the very first landing sight in Alabama, which is now known as the Maxwell Air Force Base. During World War I, aviation in Alabama became very popular; there were a good number of Alabamians who joined the war and received flight training. In addition, Alabama's airports played a significant role in World War II, by coordinating the movement of troops and providing training facilities for troops as well as support personnel. Besides water transportation, modern roads, railroads, and aviation, aerospace is Alabama's largest industrial industry. With major sites of the Marshall Space Flight Center and the Redstone Arsenal located in Hunstville, Alabama, Alabama's aerospace industry consists of four sectors: space, defense, aviation, and maintenance, repair, and overhaul. Transportation in Alabama has come a long way from steamboats to rocket ships and transportation continues to develop throughout the years.

Paragraph 35: In the mid-1940s, Ed Dodd was employed in advertising. Dodd and Jack Elrod met when they were with the Boy Scouts; Dodd was a Scout leader and Elrod was a Scout. In 1946, after Dodd sold Mark Trail to a syndicate, the strip was launched on April 15 in the New York Post. In 1950, Dodd hired Elrod to work as the strip's background artist and letterer. During the late 1940s, the cartoonist Jack Davis worked one summer inking Mark Trail, which he later parodied in Mad as "Mark Trade." In addition to Davis and Elrod, Dodd also hired Tom Hill, Barbara Chen (who did the lettering) and secretary Rhett Carmichael. The strip's popularity grew through the mid-1960s, with Mark Trail appearing in nearly 500 newspapers through the North America Syndicate.

Paragraph 36: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 37: Muhammad died in 632 and the first successors, called Caliphs – Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman ibn al-Affan, Ali ibn Abi Talib and sometimes Hasan ibn Ali – are known in Sunni Islam as al-khulafā' ar-rāshidūn ("Rightly Guided Caliphs"). Some tribes left Islam and rebelled under leaders who declared themselves new prophets but were crushed by Abu Bakr in the Ridda wars. Local populations of Jews and indigenous Christians, persecuted as religious minorities and heretics and taxed heavily, often helped Muslims take over their lands, resulting in rapid expansion of the caliphate into the Persian and Byzantine empires. Uthman was elected in 644 and his assassination by rebels led to Ali being elected the next Caliph. In the First Civil War, Muhammad's widow, Aisha, raised an army against Ali, asking to avenge the death of Uthman, but was defeated at the Battle of the Camel. Ali attempted to remove the governor of Syria, Mu'awiya, who was seen as corrupt. Mu'awiya then declared war on Ali and was defeated in the Battle of Siffin. Ali's decision to arbitrate angered the Kharijites, an extremist sect, who felt that by not fighting a sinner, Ali became a sinner as well.  The Kharijites rebelled and were defeated in the Battle of Nahrawan but a Kharijite assassin later killed Ali. Ali's son, Hasan ibn Ali, was elected Caliph and signed a peace treaty to avoid further fighting, abdicating to Mu'awiya in return for Mu'awiya not appointing a successor. Mu'awiya began the Umayyad dynasty with the appointment of his son Yazid I as successor, sparking the Second Civil War. During the Battle of Karbala, Husayn ibn Ali was killed by Yazid's forces; the event has been annually commemorated by Shia ever since. Sunnis, led by Ibn al-Zubayr, opposed to a dynastic caliphate were defeated in the siege of Mecca. These disputes over leadership would give rise to the Sunni-Shia schism, with the Shia believing leadership belongs to Muhammad's family through Ali, called the ahl al-bayt.

Paragraph 38: Alabama's transportation and development play a large part in the history of Alabama. From the rivers and streams to the aerospace industry, Alabama's transportation is constantly growing and evolving. In the early periods of time, water transport was the most substantial means of travel. Water transportation in Alabama began with steamboats, with the first steamboat being the Alabama that was launched in 1818 on the Alabama River. A couple years after the launch of the first steamboat, Alabama began the development of railroad transportation. Railroads solved an abundance of transportation problems and formed opportunities for businessmen. Alabama's first railroad, the Tuscumbia Railway, opened in 1832 in Franklin County. Railroads began to connect Alabama to the rest of the country. In addition, railroads played a major part in the agriculture, politics, and businesses of Alabama. Following the development of railroads, in the beginning of the twentieth century, the Good Roads Movement was organized in efforts to advance modern roads and to persuade the government to further fund the construction and maintenance of the roads. In the early 1900s, the Good Roads movement brought about change in the Alabama state law, which allowed for the production of state highways. This even went a long way in to the 1920s, where the first of many long-distance highways were created in Alabama. Although building the modern roads seemed to bring a rise in the efficiency of transportation, there were some downfalls to building these roads. A big downfall to the production of roads was the high level of maintenance that they required, such as cutting trees, pulling stumps, leveling, and shoveling eroded dirt. In 1898, John H. Bankhead and John Asa Rountree founded the North Alabama Good Roads Association. This organization was focused on improving transportation by having the state highways paid for by the state government and administered by the state highway commission. This was only the beginning of transportation in Alabama. In 1910, aviation in Alabama came into play. Wilbur and Orville Wright formed the very first landing sight in Alabama, which is now known as the Maxwell Air Force Base. During World War I, aviation in Alabama became very popular; there were a good number of Alabamians who joined the war and received flight training. In addition, Alabama's airports played a significant role in World War II, by coordinating the movement of troops and providing training facilities for troops as well as support personnel. Besides water transportation, modern roads, railroads, and aviation, aerospace is Alabama's largest industrial industry. With major sites of the Marshall Space Flight Center and the Redstone Arsenal located in Hunstville, Alabama, Alabama's aerospace industry consists of four sectors: space, defense, aviation, and maintenance, repair, and overhaul. Transportation in Alabama has come a long way from steamboats to rocket ships and transportation continues to develop throughout the years.

Paragraph 39: SharpDevelop was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature and features very similar to those found in Borland Kylix and Delphi, including advanced project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging functionality.  More specifically, the IDE includes a GUI designer, code/design views, syntax highlighting, auto completion menus (similar to IntelliSense) the ability to compile and debug form/console .NET Framework applications, a "New Project" wizard, toolbars, menus, panels and a docking system, and built-in code refactoring tools, and it has an integrated debugger that allows for stepping, viewing values of objects in memory, and breakpoints.

Paragraph 40: After obtaining his doctorate, Heimsoth worked at practices in the Gynecologic University Clinic of Kiel.  At the same time, he became an "activist of the first homosexual emancipation movement", but distanced himself from the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee that had formed around Magnus Hirschfeld, because he considered that the theories advocated by the Committee concerning the "third sex" were wrong, and based on a reflex or proxy for the heteronormative assumption that sexual attraction is possible only as a function of polar opposites,  even when such polar opposites are embodied within one individual as in the 'third sex'. Theories regarding the 'third sex' from which he chose to distance himself, are ultimately based on the idea that the polarity represented by heterosexuality must be universal, and as such even homosexual individuals and the homosexual orientation itself mus reproduce or emulate that polarity. Heimsoth's theory on the other hand does not rely on heterosexuality to explain homosexuality. Instead it takes homosexuality as it is, as an attraction to the same sex, without any reference to a polarity real or imagined. In his writing Freundesliebe oder Homosexualität ("Love Between Friends or Homosexuality"), published in the magazine Der Eigene by Adolf Brand in 1925, Heimsoth showed his antisemitism: "All heroic and masculine love between friends" remains, "in his idea and possibilities of understanding[,] foreign to the Jewish spirit". Male homosexuality is thus envisioned as not only heroic, but purely masculine, not only in terms of its object of attraction but also in the sexual identity and being of the man in question. In this understanding it is the masculine within the homosexual male that seeks out the same masculinity in other males as sexually attractive without any reference to an assumed internal feminine.   Heimsoth's ideal was that of a whole man, virile and Aryan.  Homoerotic friendships between men were to serve as a nexus of "obersten Machtaufgebot" (called higher power).  Heimsoth thought that he could find examples of such heroes among the soldiers of World War I and among the Freikorps environment, as can be gathered from his 1925 publication in the magazine Der Eigene: in it he asked to be sent documentation to demonstrate the "circumstances and homoerotic relations in the Kampfwagen formations and secret societies" and wanted to obtain material "about heroism, the heroic leader problem and the psyche of the volunteers, the desperate, Landsknechte, Freikorps members, and secret societies".

Paragraph 41: While most scholars such as Kenneth Kitchen have equated Manetho's Tefnakht with the king Shepsesre Tefnakht of Sais who is attested by the Year 8 Athens donation stela, a recent article by Olivier Perdu has suggested that this Tefnakht was rather Tefnakht II, a much later king of Sais who ruled in the mid-680's BCE during the late Nubian 25th Dynasty. In his paper, Perdu published a newly discovered stela dating from the second year of Necho I's reign, which he contends is similar in style, text and content to the Year 8 stela of Shepsesre Tefnakht. Perdu, thus, infers that these two kings of Sais—Necho I and Tefnakht II—were close contemporaries. However, his arguments are not currently accepted by most Egyptian scholars such as Dan'el Kahn or Kenneth Kitchen who still believe that the Year 8 Athens stela of king Shepsesre Tefnakht likely belongs to Tefnakht I rather than a hypothetical Tefnakht II who would then have assumed power in 685 BC at Sais—early during the reign of Taharqa, one of the most powerful Nubian rulers of Egypt. Kahn has also stressed at an Egyptological Conference at Leiden that Perdu's epigraphic criteria here in the famed Athens stela—such as the use of the tripartite wig, the method through which the falcon-headed god keeps his head upright in the same stela and on temple wall reliefs contemporary with Tefnakht I's time, the decoration of the stela scene: Heaven supported by wAs scepters—appear already in use in the 24th or early 25th Nubian dynasty during Piye, Shabaka or Bakenranef's reign. The invisible back side of the tripartite wig can be found on the donation stela of Shebitku from Pharbaitos and on the Bakenranef/Bocchoris vase dating to the last days of Piye and the beginning of Shabaka—all appear close in time to the presumed reign of Tefnakht I. Moreover, the head of the falcon-headed god Horus is, as Perdu himself noted, similar in style to the stela of Tefnakht, chief of the Meshwesh and Piye's chief rival.

Paragraph 42: In February 2009, Jimmy and Nicola De Souza (Nicola Wheeler) drowned their sorrows together and ended up in the back of an Emmerdale Haulage van, waking up the next morning naked and on their way to Hull. Nicola was horrified; Jimmy was amused. Nicola felt she was too good for Jimmy and refused to consider a relationship. A few weeks later, she asked him to go with her to Home Farm but Jimmy was uncomfortable and got drunk before spending the night with Nicola again.  She dumped him again but when Rodney suggested Jimmy might have some money in Switzerland (where he was going on a business trip), Nicola was suddenly interested. Carl told Jimmy that Nicola was only interested in his money and when Nicola proved Carl right, Jimmy humiliated her by wining and dining her before telling everyone that she was a gold digger and left her at the roadside. Sandy Thomas (Freddie Jones) and Douglas Potts (Duncan Preston), who lived with Nicola, grew so tired of her that they wrote love letters in Jimmy's name, asking her to move in with him. Nicola jumped at the chance of living with him and Jimmy was thrilled. He was shocked to hear about the letters but kept quiet. The truth came out when Betty Eagleton (Paula Tilbrook) read out a similar letter from Sandy. Jimmy admitted that he hadn't written the letter but Nicola demanded he write her a love letter, despite him insisting that he wasn't very good at it. He was proved right and after another argument caused by Jimmy telling Nicola she was curvaceous, which she interpreted as fat, he ended it and Lexi Nicholls (Sally Oliver) insisted that she move out, persuading Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) to let Nicola move back into the vicarage. In May 2009, Nicola discovered she was pregnant but didn't tell Jimmy so Rodney did and Jimmy wooed her into a reconciliation, planning to let her tell him about the baby when she was ready. When Nicola found out, she was furious and dumped him again and considered giving the baby up for adoption but Laurel convinced her not to. Jimmy and Nicola bonded when they went for a scan and they decided to give things another go. Nicola returned to Mill Cottage and supported Lexi after her ectopic pregnancy and shock discovery that she was unlikely to conceive again. Scarlett offered to pay for their IVF but Carl told Jimmy (as Scarlett's trustee), not to release the money as he didn't want any more children. Horrified, Nicola insisted Carl tell Lexi. He did and she threw him out, leaving Nicola to comfort her but this led to a fight and Nicola fell down the stairs. Lexi called an ambulance and Nicola and the baby got the all-clear but Nicola blamed Carl for the fight and told him so, warning him to be honest with Lexi. On 6 August, Nicola gave birth prematurely to baby Angelica, who spent a few days in the special care unit. On the 13th, Nicola went for a shower and Lexi took Angelica up to the roof to show her the world. Although Jimmy, Nicola and Scarlett were terrified she'd harm Angelica, Lexi convinced Nicola to trust her and Carl finally admitted that he didn't want any more children and never had. She returned Angelica to Nicola and after a verbal and physical fight with Carl, she left him and Emmerdale for good.

Paragraph 43: SharpDevelop was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature and features very similar to those found in Borland Kylix and Delphi, including advanced project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging functionality.  More specifically, the IDE includes a GUI designer, code/design views, syntax highlighting, auto completion menus (similar to IntelliSense) the ability to compile and debug form/console .NET Framework applications, a "New Project" wizard, toolbars, menus, panels and a docking system, and built-in code refactoring tools, and it has an integrated debugger that allows for stepping, viewing values of objects in memory, and breakpoints.

Paragraph 44: Muhammad died in 632 and the first successors, called Caliphs – Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman ibn al-Affan, Ali ibn Abi Talib and sometimes Hasan ibn Ali – are known in Sunni Islam as al-khulafā' ar-rāshidūn ("Rightly Guided Caliphs"). Some tribes left Islam and rebelled under leaders who declared themselves new prophets but were crushed by Abu Bakr in the Ridda wars. Local populations of Jews and indigenous Christians, persecuted as religious minorities and heretics and taxed heavily, often helped Muslims take over their lands, resulting in rapid expansion of the caliphate into the Persian and Byzantine empires. Uthman was elected in 644 and his assassination by rebels led to Ali being elected the next Caliph. In the First Civil War, Muhammad's widow, Aisha, raised an army against Ali, asking to avenge the death of Uthman, but was defeated at the Battle of the Camel. Ali attempted to remove the governor of Syria, Mu'awiya, who was seen as corrupt. Mu'awiya then declared war on Ali and was defeated in the Battle of Siffin. Ali's decision to arbitrate angered the Kharijites, an extremist sect, who felt that by not fighting a sinner, Ali became a sinner as well.  The Kharijites rebelled and were defeated in the Battle of Nahrawan but a Kharijite assassin later killed Ali. Ali's son, Hasan ibn Ali, was elected Caliph and signed a peace treaty to avoid further fighting, abdicating to Mu'awiya in return for Mu'awiya not appointing a successor. Mu'awiya began the Umayyad dynasty with the appointment of his son Yazid I as successor, sparking the Second Civil War. During the Battle of Karbala, Husayn ibn Ali was killed by Yazid's forces; the event has been annually commemorated by Shia ever since. Sunnis, led by Ibn al-Zubayr, opposed to a dynastic caliphate were defeated in the siege of Mecca. These disputes over leadership would give rise to the Sunni-Shia schism, with the Shia believing leadership belongs to Muhammad's family through Ali, called the ahl al-bayt.

Paragraph 45: In the mid-1940s, Ed Dodd was employed in advertising. Dodd and Jack Elrod met when they were with the Boy Scouts; Dodd was a Scout leader and Elrod was a Scout. In 1946, after Dodd sold Mark Trail to a syndicate, the strip was launched on April 15 in the New York Post. In 1950, Dodd hired Elrod to work as the strip's background artist and letterer. During the late 1940s, the cartoonist Jack Davis worked one summer inking Mark Trail, which he later parodied in Mad as "Mark Trade." In addition to Davis and Elrod, Dodd also hired Tom Hill, Barbara Chen (who did the lettering) and secretary Rhett Carmichael. The strip's popularity grew through the mid-1960s, with Mark Trail appearing in nearly 500 newspapers through the North America Syndicate.

Paragraph 46: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 47: In 1930 Womersely left Imperial College to take up a position as a junior research officer at the Shirley Institute (British Cotton Industry Research Institute), Manchester. There he applied mathematical techniques to problems in textile manufacture, including research on cotton spinning, drafting fibrous materials, and, through L. H. C. Tippett, the use of mathematical statistics in industrial production and quality control. While at the Shirley Institute he also met Leslie Comrie and became interested in computational techniques.  As a result, he spent a month at HM Nautical Almanac Office, London learning Comrie's numerical approaches. In 1936 he collaborated with Douglas Hartree who had built a Differential Analyser at the University of Manchester; together they devised a much cited method for the numerical integration of partial differential equations. In 1937, with war looming, he joined the armaments research department at Woolwich as a scientific officer, and worked on using statistical techniques applied to ballistics and ammunition proofing.  In 1942, after the outbreak of World War II, he was appointed assistant director of scientific research at the Ministry of Supply and asked to set up and head the Advisory Service on Statistical Methods (later known as SR17). This organization was responsible for advice and research into ammunition supply, engineering factories and the investigations of a range of Government Inspectorates. It was particularly important in ensuring quality control and promoting sample inspection methods to British industry during wartime. In 1944 he joined the British Association mathematical tables committee and in the same year he was appointed as the first superintendent of the Mathematics Division of the National Physical Laboratory (NPL). In addition to being responsible for statistical quality control, NPL was tasked with building an electronic computer, for which Womersley coined the name Automatic Computing Engine (ACE), echoing Babbage's Analytical Engine.  Womersely was therefore responsible for the set up and operation of the first national computing centre in UK. One of his first actions was to visit the US for a fact-finding tour, where he learned about ENIAC (Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computer), Howard Aitken's Harvard machine, George Stibitz's machines and von Neumann's plans for the binary computer, EDVAC (Electronic Discrete Variable Automatic Computer). On his return, he recruited Alan Turing to work on the ACE section and backed him strongly. Womersley also recruited Donald Davies in 1947. However, progress on the ACE project was delayed and Turing developed a dislike of Womersley and disdain for his abilities and left the project in 1948. Davies then took over from Turing and a small experimental model, pilot ACE was produced in 1950. Whether Womersely led NPL successfully has been questioned, although the consensus seems to be that he did a good job in difficult circumstances. He himself left the project in 1950, before the prototype pilot ACE was completed, to join the British Tabulating Machine Company (BTM), a forerunner of International Computers Limited (ICL). There he recognised that the computers previously developed by academia or governments were too large and expensive to be commercially viable and he recruited Andrew Booth who had developed the All Purpose Electronic Computer at Birbeck University, as a consultant to develop a smaller inexpensive computer. The computer copied from Booth's original design by Ray Bird was named the Hollerith Electronic Computer (HEC1), and was Britain's first mass-produced business computer.

Paragraph 48: SharpDevelop was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature and features very similar to those found in Borland Kylix and Delphi, including advanced project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging functionality.  More specifically, the IDE includes a GUI designer, code/design views, syntax highlighting, auto completion menus (similar to IntelliSense) the ability to compile and debug form/console .NET Framework applications, a "New Project" wizard, toolbars, menus, panels and a docking system, and built-in code refactoring tools, and it has an integrated debugger that allows for stepping, viewing values of objects in memory, and breakpoints.

Paragraph 49: Some forms of anarcho-communism such as insurrectionary anarchism are strongly influenced by egoism and radical individualism, believing anarcho-communism is the best social system for the realisation of individual freedom. Hence, most anarcho-communists view anarcho-communism itself as a way of reconciling the opposition between the individual and society. Furthermore, post-left anarchists like Bob Black went as far as to argue that "communism is the final fulfillment of individualism. [...] The apparent contradiction between individualism and communism rests on a misunderstanding of both. [...] Subjectivity is also objective: the individual really is subjective. It is nonsense to speak of "emphatically prioritizing the social over the individual," [...]. You may as well speak of prioritizing the chicken over the egg. Anarchy is a "method of individualization." It aims to combine the greatest individual development with the greatest communal unity". Max Baginski has argued that property and the free market are just other "spooks", what Stirner called to refer mere illusions, or ghosts in the mind, writing: "Modern Communists are more individualistic than Stirner. To them, not merely religion, morality, family and State are spooks, but property also is no more than a spook, in whose name the individual is enslaved — and how enslaved! [...] Communism thus creates a basis for the liberty and Eigenheit of the individual. I am a Communist because I am an Individualist. Fully as heartily the Communists concur with Stirner when he puts the word take in place of demand — that leads to the dissolution of property, to expropriation. Individualism and Communism go hand in hand". Peter Kropotkin argued that "Communism is the one which guarantees the greatest amount of individual liberty — provided that the idea that begets the community be Liberty, Anarchy [...]. Communism guarantees economic freedom better than any other form of association, because it can guarantee wellbeing, even luxury, in return for a few hours of work instead of a day's work". Dielo Truda similarly argued that "[t]his other society will be libertarian communism, in which social solidarity and free individuality find their full expression, and in which these two ideas develop in perfect harmony". In "My Perspectives" of Willful Disobedience (2: 12), it was argued as such: "I see the dichotomies made between individualism and communism, individual revolt and class struggle, the struggle against human exploitation and the exploitation of nature as false dichotomies and feel that those who accept them are impoverishing their own critique and struggle".

Paragraph 50: In 2001, Phil gets shot by an unseen assailant and Jamie resolves to take care of his business empire until he recovers. Jamie later suspects that one of Phil's two archenemies, Steve Owen (Martin Kemp) and Dan Sullivan (Craig Fairbrass), is the culprit when he becomes involved in their dangerous feud – up to the point where Dan begins to extort money from Jamie in his revenge against Phil, while Steve begins clashing with Jamie over the escalating situation. Billy, who is working for Steve as his errand boy, learns about Jamie's struggle and taunts him about it until Jamie overpowers Billy in the snooker club and forces him to submit. Moreover, Jamie ends up sharing his theory with Steve's wife and Dan's former girlfriend Mel Healy (Tamzin Outhwaite). By the time Phil has recovered, it is revealed that the shooter was in fact his ex-girlfriend and Mel's best-friend Lisa Shaw (Lucy Benjamin). He doesn't tell Jamie about this, however, and the two resolve to implicate Dan and Steve behind the shooting in order to rid them out of the square for good. Phil sets his plan to frame Dan as the shooter and Steve as an accessory in motion when he contacts Dan's former crime boss, Ritchie Stringer (Gareth Hunt), and lends him Steve's handgun that Lisa used to shoot him; Ritchie later gives Dan the gun under the pretense of being permitted to further extort Phil. Later on that night, Dan threatens Phil at gunpoint and Jamie intervenes when he suspects that something has gone wrong. Dan nearly shoots them until the police arrive and arrest him for shooting Phil. Afterwards, Phil summons his lawyer Marcus Christie (Stephen Churchett) and the two advice Jamie to testify against Dan to ensure he gets sent down. Jamie complies and Phil later entraps Steve into conspiring with him against Dan to rid themselves of their common enemy. However, their plan fails when Dan is found not guilty and he gets revenge on Phil by kidnapping Mel for a £200,000 ransom – with Dan also getting revenge on Steve for conspiring with Phil against him and using Mel as leverage to exact his vengeance.