Paragraph 1: The localities in Santiago Papasquiaro municipality are Acatita, Adulfo Virrey, Alamillos, Aranas, Arroyo de las Iglesias, Arroyo Grande, Arroyo Los Toros, Aserradero Giselle, Aserradero Los Chaidez, Aserradero Porfirio Corral Chaidez, Atotonilco, Bacatame, Bajío de San Cristóbal, Bajíos del Pinto, Boldoquines, Barrancos Blancos, Barrazas, Boca del Potrero, Campo Alvarado, Canatán, Canoas, Carricitos, Centro Distrital de Reinsersión Social, Cerro Dorado, Cerro Nevado, Carco Verde, Ciénega de Guadalupe, Ciénegade Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe, Ciénega de Salpica el Agua, Club Los Sauces, Cordón del Tabaco, Corrales Blancos, Coyotillos, Cuatro Hermanos, Cuevecillas, Diez de Abril, El Agua Caliente, El Aguaje, El Aguajito, El Alamito, El Alazán, El Ancón, El Arco, El Atascadero, El Aventadero, El Álamo, El Bajío, El Barreal, El Boletero, El Cazadero, El Cáñamo, El Cerrito, El Chicural, El Colorado, El Comedero, El Conejo, El Correo, El Crucero, El Duraznito, El Durazno, El Encinal, El Entroque, El Guamúchil, El Llano de Guayabal, El Lucero, El Manzano, El Naranjito, El Nogalito (Los Rodolfos), El Olvido, El Palomar, El Papalote, El Patio de Altares, El Púlpito, El Peñasco, El Pino, El Polvorín, El Porvenir, El Puertecito, El Ranchito, El Rayito, El Refugio, El Rincón, El Salitre, El Salvador, El Serrucho, El Tambor, El Terminal, El Terrero, El Torreón, El Torreoncito, El Trece, El Venado, Francisco Javier Leyva, Francisco Ramírez, Galindos, Garame de Abajo, Garame de Arriba, Gelacio Lechuga, Granja los Fresnitos, Gregorio Bueno, Grupo Industrial Bosque, Guadalupe Guerrero, Gustavo Gándara, Hervideros, Hotel Puerto del Sol, Jesús Guajardo, Jicatita, José Cruz Esparza, José Manuel Rivera Carrasco, José María Morelos (Chinacates), José Ramón Valdez, José Salomé Acosta (El Olote), Joya de Golondrinas, Joya de la Soledad, Joya de Laureles, Joya de Montoros, Juan Ángel, La Alameda, La Batea, La Bolsa, La Caña, La Cañada de San Miguel, La China, La Chita, La Ciénega de Aguapiole, La Ciénega de Camarena, La Ciénega de San José, La Ciénega del Correo, La Cuchilla, La Cueva, La Enramada de Abajo, La Enramada de Enmedio, La Estancia, La Garameña, La Herradura, La Huerta, La Joya, La Joya de los Laureles, La Joya del Tapanco, La Joyita, La Lagunita, La Lajita, La Loma, La Madre Juana, La Mesa de Potrerillos, La Mocha, La Palestina, La Peña, La Quebrada de Durango, La Rinconada, La Sidra, La Sierrita, La Soledad, La Trementina, La Trinidad, La Tuna, La Ulama, La Villita, La Yerbabuena, Laguna de la Chaparra (Ranas), Las Cieneguitas, Las Cruces, Las Flores, Las Gaviotas, Las Güeritas, Las Margaritas, Las Mesitas, Las Palmas, Las Papas (Rancho Nuevo), Las Tapias, Las Taunitas, Las Trochileras, Lienzo Charo, Llano Prieto, Los Adobes, Los Alamitos, Los Algodones, Los Alisos, Los Altares, Los Charcos, Los Herrera, Los Ojitos (El Yaqui), Los Pascuales, Los Sauces, Lozano Zavala (La Campana), Luna González, Machado, Maderas y Dimensionados, Chavil, Maderas y Productos, Forestales de Santiago, Madroño, Manila, Manzanillas, Martínez de Abajo, Martínez de Arriba, Melchor Ocampo, Meleros, Mesa del Venado, Mesteñas, Metates, Mimbrs, Montoros, Nuevo San Diego (El Caballo), Palos Colorados, Panales, Piedra Bola, Piedra de Amolar, Piedras de Amolar, Potrerillos, Potrero de los Indios, Presa de la Máquina, Providencia, Puerto de Temascales, Punta del Agua, Ranchito de Juan Ángel (La Hielera), Ranchito de Saucedo, Rancho de Balcones, Rancho de Miguel, Rancho el 33, Rancho Golondrinas, Rancho la Tijera, Rancho Lomas del Río, Rancho los Nogales, Rancho Lulú, Rancho Nuevo, Rancho San Antonio, Rancho Santa Elena, Rancho Viejo, Real de San Diego, Rincón de Huajupa, Rincón de Nevárez, Rincón de Temascales, Salsipuedes (Mesa del Corral), San Agustín del Fresno (El Hizapote), San Antonio, San Antonio de la Sierra, San Antonio de Nevárez, San Bartolo, San Diego de Tenzaenz, San Francisco, San Gregorio de Bosos, San Ignacio, San Isidro, San Javier, San José Buenavista, San José de Cañas, San José de Favelas, San José de la Chaparra, San José de las Flores, San José del Bonete, San José del Pachón, San José del Pedernal, San José del Ranchito, San Juan de Camarones, San Juan Viejo, San Julián, San Luisito, San Manuel de la Galera, San Martín, San Miguel, San Miguel de los Pinos (Rancho Viejo), San Miguel de Papasquiaro, San Miguel del Alto, San Miguel del Cantil, San Nicolás, San Pablo, San Pedro de Tenerapa, San Rafael, San Ramón, Sandovales, Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz de los Ojitos, Santa Cruz de Macos, Santa Efigenia, Santa Marina, Santa Rita, Santa Rita del Pachón, Santa Teresa del Llano, Santa Teresa del Pachón, Santiago Papasquiaro, Sacedo (La Cueva de Saucedo), Soyupa, Tablas Grandes, Tapascual, Tarimoros de Arriba, Vascogil, Vasitos, Vivero Forestal (Emiliano Zapata).

Paragraph 2: The goal of a study conducted by Desert, Preaux, and Jund in 2009 was to see if children from lower socioeconomic groups are affected by stereotype threat. The study compared children that were 6–7 years old with children that were 8–9 years old from multiple elementary schools. These children were presented with the Raven's Matrices test, which is an intellectual ability test. Separate groups of children were given directions in an evaluative way and other groups were given directions in a non-evaluative way. The "evaluative" group received instructions that are usually given with the Raven Matrices test, while the "non-evaluative" group was given directions which made it seem as if the children were simply playing a game. The results showed that third graders performed better on the test than the first graders did, which was expected. However, the lower socioeconomic status children did worse on the test when they received directions in an evaluative way than the higher socioeconomic status children did when they received directions in an evaluative way. These results suggested that the framing of the directions given to the children may have a greater effect on performance than socioeconomic status. This was shown by the differences in performance based on which type of instructions they received. This information can be useful in classroom settings to help improve the performance of students of lower socioeconomic status.

Paragraph 3: Matthews scored the team's first victory in the first stage race of the season, the Tour Down Under. After a late split in the field in stage 3 led to 24 riders finishing seven seconds ahead of the next 23, Matthews won a depleted sprint ahead of defending Tour Down Under champion André Greipel and resultant race leader Matthew Goss. He finished the race fourth overall. In February, Boom won the prologue time trial to the Tour of Qatar. It was the first time trial in the Tour's nine-year history. Dead flat and only  long, riders were not allowed to use the specially designed bicycles and helmets that are customary in nearly all professional time trials. Despite the very short distance, Boom still had a solid four-second gap over world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara in second. The team was wildly successful at the next UCI Asia Tour stop, the Tour of Oman, which was held shortly after the Tour of Qatar. Bos won the sprint finishes to stages 1 and 3, besting full fields including sprinters the likes of Mark Cavendish, Daniele Bennati, and Matthew Goss both times. While the first three stages were flat like those of its cousin race in Qatar, the fourth and fifth provided that a climber would likely win the Tour of Oman overall. Gesink won both of these stages, the first a road race concluding at Green Mountain which he dedicated to his late father. The next stage was a time trial, and Gesink's win was a bit of a surprise because time trialing is not considered to be a strength for him. He stated after the stage that the hilly course played to his strengths, as did the fact that, like the Tour of Qatar time trial, this one was ridden on normal bicycles. It was the first time trial that he had ever won as a professional; he had started the stage simply hoping to keep the race lead, and instead increased it to over a minute. The final stage was flat again, and though Bos was only tenth in the sprint finale, it capped off a hugely successful event for the team with four stage wins and the overall and youth classifications. Freire added to the team's successful early season at the Ruta del Sol, winning the last two stages in field sprints. These performances also won him the event's points classification. At Tirreno–Adriatico in March, the squad won the team time trial in stage 1, the first ever such stage in the Tirreno–Adriatico's 46-year history. Boom was therefore the first race leader, though he held the lead for only one day. Gesink briefly held the race lead as well, but he was unable to climb with the race's best riders and slipped to fourth after six stages. He turned in a second strong individual time trial performance in as many races to close out the event, moving back onto the podium in second after taking ninth in the closing ITT. He also won the race's youth classification, having led it for the entire event.

Paragraph 4: Sabiha Kalolwala of The Indian Express wrote, "Rakesh Roshan has been smart enough to make a film which encompasses all the facets of acting — drama, action, romance, thrill, comedy and tragedy, all of them enacted pretty well by Hrithik Roshan." Of the soundtrack, he wrote, "There is not even one song which is not enjoyable." Anupama Chopra, reviewing the film for India Today wrote, "... Rakesh has taken the routine love-story, added a thriller twist and narrated it with style. KNPH isn't about path-breaking craft, it's about blockbuster presentation. Rakesh's sweat and money are apparent in every frame." She concluded writing, "What doesn't work is the tired villain track. Kher, one of Bollywood's finest, hams from frame 1. Perhaps the idea of playing disgruntled papa yet again was too tedious. His post-climax repenting is almost comical. The rest of the gang isn't much better. The plot is as stale as the performances." Kanchana Suggu of Rediff.com called the film a "great entertainer" and wrote, "One must say Rakesh Roshan knew what he was doing when he cast Hrithik as the lead. The boy is good. The ease and style with which he dances, emotes, fights, makes one forget this is his debut film. He’s had to essay two different characters, and he’s done justice to both." Also commending the performances of other actors, she wrote praises of other departments in that the "music is good, the songs are catchy, the cinematography is appealing, the direction is unobtrusive and the story is actually 'different'."

Paragraph 5: Catron's overpowering anti-corporate views were more evident in . This case raised the issue of whether or not a corporate charter constituted a contract between the state and the bank and therefore could not be repealed due to the Contract Clause in Article 1, Section 10 of the Constitution. The Piqua Branch of the State Bank of Ohio's original charter granted an exemption from state taxation. However, a new legislature was attempting to repeal this exemption and impose a tax on the bank. The majority of the Court ruled in favor of the charter, citing the Contract clause. John Catron, along with Justices Campbell and Daniel, however, dissented. In his dissent, Catron argued, "The sovereign political power is not the subject of contract so as to be vested in an irrepealable charter of incorporation, and taken away from, and placed beyond the reach of, future legislatures." With this statement, Catron argued against the power of corporations and for the power of the federal government. Catron made the stance that political power was not only sovereign but that it also was not to be overruled by a contract, especially a corporate charter. Essentially Catron argued that in this case, corporate power exceeded federal power. Because John Catron was a Jacksonian, he felt the American Union should always be the most powerful entity within the United States and therefore dissented in this case which he saw as granting more power to corporations than to the federal government. Catron argued that because of this ruling, corporations could overrule the government as long as a contract was present. Another case that exemplified Catron's anti-corporation views was the case of . This case primarily dealt with the power to tax corporations, but took on bigger-picture questions such as the role of corporations in American society and whether they had begun to possess more power than the states had originally granted them. Catron again dissented from the majority and re-stated his Jacksonian beliefs when he voiced his concern about "the vast amount of property, power, and exclusive benefits, prejudicial to other classes of society that are vested in and held by these numerous bodies of associated wealth." Catron also stated "that a different doctrine would tend to sap and eventually might destroy the state constitutions and governments" in his dissent when referring to the power that corporate charters and contracts could have over the United States government.

Paragraph 6: Benjamin Paaßen has argued that because video game culture has long been a space dominated by heterosexual men, the video game industry tends to cater to this particularly lucrative audience, producing video games that reflect the desires of the heterosexual male gaze.  He further argues that this lack of representation of alternate identities in video games has caused gamers who divert from the dominant demographic to be often relegated to the margins of the culture.  This process is thus seen to perpetuate the stereotypical image of the geeky, heterosexual male gamer as the ruler of the video game world.  Contrary to popular belief, there are a multitude of communities within video game culture that do not fulfill the typical gamer stereotype.  The problem is that they lack visibility.  One reason for this is that many people do not want to reveal their association with video game culture out of fear of stigmatization.  Past research has shown this to be the case for the female gamer.  Because women in video game culture are often ostracized by their male gamer counterparts, female gamers are frequently forced to conceal their gender, only participating in video game culture when they can remain anonymous. When concealing their identities, females gamers try to change their voice when talking online, they will play as a male character instead of a female character followed by some kind of masculine name. Doing this, however, can make video games less fun and exciting and could cause the player just quit the game. On the other hand, it's different for the male gamer. Like girl gamers would choose a male character to play as the male gamer would sometimes choose a girl character to play as. But for the male to pick a girl character is very common in the culture. According to Bosson, Prewitt-Freilino, and Taylor, male gamers who try to be female characters are not harassed as much as girl gamers since the male gamers can simply undo the change or just reveal their true identities as a male which reduces the harassing.

Paragraph 7: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 8: Dave the Dude (Glenn Ford), a very successful New York City gangster, has one superstition: he believes that the apples he buys from alcoholic street peddler Apple Annie (Bette Davis) bring him luck. Annie assures the Dude that his latest purchase is especially lucky. He then meets Elizabeth "Queenie" Martin (Hope Lange), the daughter of a recently murdered friend and deeply indebted nightclub owner. Queenie offers to pay him $5 a week from her cashier's salary toward the $20,000 owed him. Instead, trusting Annie's claim, he decides to make Queenie a nightclub star. To the astonishment of his right-hand man, "Joy Boy" (Peter Falk), he succeeds, and Queenie is able to pay off all her father's creditors after two years, just as Prohibition ends.

Paragraph 9: The spin-off series, Ashleigh, is 'supposedly' set in between Ashleigh's Hope and Ashleigh's Diary. However, this spin-off presents some major inconsistencies. In #2 Wonder's Promise (original series), Ashleigh states she's never attended a live horse race before; however, in the Ashleigh series (and Ashleigh's Diary, the Super Edition), she attends several races. This leads to the other error/inconsistency. In #7 Derby Day (Ashleigh series), it is said that Rhoda Kat is the first female jockey to win the Kentucky Derby. However, in the original series, Jilly Gordon clearly is. When the plague hits Ashleigh's family, various horses who survive or are sold before the first book, die (Midnight Wanderer, for example, who is put to sleep in the book, 'Goodbye Midnight Wanderer', apparently dies of the mysterious plague, rather than from the accident.) There is also large changes as to how Ashleigh and Mona get their horses. Ashleigh meets Stardust in Ashleigh's Hope and then owns (and must sell her) in Ashleigh's Diary, but in the Ashleigh Series she gets Stardust in #3 Waiting for Stardust and Stardust is expecting a foal in #15 Stardust's Foal (which this in never mentioned in Ashleigh's Hope or Ashleigh's Diary). In Ashleigh's Hope Mona gets a Thoroughbred she names Frisky on Thanksgiving Day, rubs it in, won't let Ashleigh ride Frisky, and the girls have a big fight. But in the Ashleigh Series Mona gets a Thoroughbred for Christmas, names her Frisky like she and Ashleigh had planned, says she is sorry and is not trying to rub it in as soon as she tells Ashleigh, and asks her to come over tomorrow to ride Frisky. The entire Ashleigh series is in a sort of "time bubble" and none of the events really line up with the events in the other Thoroughbred books, so it is almost a stand alone series in and of itself.

Paragraph 10: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 11: Matthews scored the team's first victory in the first stage race of the season, the Tour Down Under. After a late split in the field in stage 3 led to 24 riders finishing seven seconds ahead of the next 23, Matthews won a depleted sprint ahead of defending Tour Down Under champion André Greipel and resultant race leader Matthew Goss. He finished the race fourth overall. In February, Boom won the prologue time trial to the Tour of Qatar. It was the first time trial in the Tour's nine-year history. Dead flat and only  long, riders were not allowed to use the specially designed bicycles and helmets that are customary in nearly all professional time trials. Despite the very short distance, Boom still had a solid four-second gap over world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara in second. The team was wildly successful at the next UCI Asia Tour stop, the Tour of Oman, which was held shortly after the Tour of Qatar. Bos won the sprint finishes to stages 1 and 3, besting full fields including sprinters the likes of Mark Cavendish, Daniele Bennati, and Matthew Goss both times. While the first three stages were flat like those of its cousin race in Qatar, the fourth and fifth provided that a climber would likely win the Tour of Oman overall. Gesink won both of these stages, the first a road race concluding at Green Mountain which he dedicated to his late father. The next stage was a time trial, and Gesink's win was a bit of a surprise because time trialing is not considered to be a strength for him. He stated after the stage that the hilly course played to his strengths, as did the fact that, like the Tour of Qatar time trial, this one was ridden on normal bicycles. It was the first time trial that he had ever won as a professional; he had started the stage simply hoping to keep the race lead, and instead increased it to over a minute. The final stage was flat again, and though Bos was only tenth in the sprint finale, it capped off a hugely successful event for the team with four stage wins and the overall and youth classifications. Freire added to the team's successful early season at the Ruta del Sol, winning the last two stages in field sprints. These performances also won him the event's points classification. At Tirreno–Adriatico in March, the squad won the team time trial in stage 1, the first ever such stage in the Tirreno–Adriatico's 46-year history. Boom was therefore the first race leader, though he held the lead for only one day. Gesink briefly held the race lead as well, but he was unable to climb with the race's best riders and slipped to fourth after six stages. He turned in a second strong individual time trial performance in as many races to close out the event, moving back onto the podium in second after taking ninth in the closing ITT. He also won the race's youth classification, having led it for the entire event.

Paragraph 12: The localities in Santiago Papasquiaro municipality are Acatita, Adulfo Virrey, Alamillos, Aranas, Arroyo de las Iglesias, Arroyo Grande, Arroyo Los Toros, Aserradero Giselle, Aserradero Los Chaidez, Aserradero Porfirio Corral Chaidez, Atotonilco, Bacatame, Bajío de San Cristóbal, Bajíos del Pinto, Boldoquines, Barrancos Blancos, Barrazas, Boca del Potrero, Campo Alvarado, Canatán, Canoas, Carricitos, Centro Distrital de Reinsersión Social, Cerro Dorado, Cerro Nevado, Carco Verde, Ciénega de Guadalupe, Ciénegade Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe, Ciénega de Salpica el Agua, Club Los Sauces, Cordón del Tabaco, Corrales Blancos, Coyotillos, Cuatro Hermanos, Cuevecillas, Diez de Abril, El Agua Caliente, El Aguaje, El Aguajito, El Alamito, El Alazán, El Ancón, El Arco, El Atascadero, El Aventadero, El Álamo, El Bajío, El Barreal, El Boletero, El Cazadero, El Cáñamo, El Cerrito, El Chicural, El Colorado, El Comedero, El Conejo, El Correo, El Crucero, El Duraznito, El Durazno, El Encinal, El Entroque, El Guamúchil, El Llano de Guayabal, El Lucero, El Manzano, El Naranjito, El Nogalito (Los Rodolfos), El Olvido, El Palomar, El Papalote, El Patio de Altares, El Púlpito, El Peñasco, El Pino, El Polvorín, El Porvenir, El Puertecito, El Ranchito, El Rayito, El Refugio, El Rincón, El Salitre, El Salvador, El Serrucho, El Tambor, El Terminal, El Terrero, El Torreón, El Torreoncito, El Trece, El Venado, Francisco Javier Leyva, Francisco Ramírez, Galindos, Garame de Abajo, Garame de Arriba, Gelacio Lechuga, Granja los Fresnitos, Gregorio Bueno, Grupo Industrial Bosque, Guadalupe Guerrero, Gustavo Gándara, Hervideros, Hotel Puerto del Sol, Jesús Guajardo, Jicatita, José Cruz Esparza, José Manuel Rivera Carrasco, José María Morelos (Chinacates), José Ramón Valdez, José Salomé Acosta (El Olote), Joya de Golondrinas, Joya de la Soledad, Joya de Laureles, Joya de Montoros, Juan Ángel, La Alameda, La Batea, La Bolsa, La Caña, La Cañada de San Miguel, La China, La Chita, La Ciénega de Aguapiole, La Ciénega de Camarena, La Ciénega de San José, La Ciénega del Correo, La Cuchilla, La Cueva, La Enramada de Abajo, La Enramada de Enmedio, La Estancia, La Garameña, La Herradura, La Huerta, La Joya, La Joya de los Laureles, La Joya del Tapanco, La Joyita, La Lagunita, La Lajita, La Loma, La Madre Juana, La Mesa de Potrerillos, La Mocha, La Palestina, La Peña, La Quebrada de Durango, La Rinconada, La Sidra, La Sierrita, La Soledad, La Trementina, La Trinidad, La Tuna, La Ulama, La Villita, La Yerbabuena, Laguna de la Chaparra (Ranas), Las Cieneguitas, Las Cruces, Las Flores, Las Gaviotas, Las Güeritas, Las Margaritas, Las Mesitas, Las Palmas, Las Papas (Rancho Nuevo), Las Tapias, Las Taunitas, Las Trochileras, Lienzo Charo, Llano Prieto, Los Adobes, Los Alamitos, Los Algodones, Los Alisos, Los Altares, Los Charcos, Los Herrera, Los Ojitos (El Yaqui), Los Pascuales, Los Sauces, Lozano Zavala (La Campana), Luna González, Machado, Maderas y Dimensionados, Chavil, Maderas y Productos, Forestales de Santiago, Madroño, Manila, Manzanillas, Martínez de Abajo, Martínez de Arriba, Melchor Ocampo, Meleros, Mesa del Venado, Mesteñas, Metates, Mimbrs, Montoros, Nuevo San Diego (El Caballo), Palos Colorados, Panales, Piedra Bola, Piedra de Amolar, Piedras de Amolar, Potrerillos, Potrero de los Indios, Presa de la Máquina, Providencia, Puerto de Temascales, Punta del Agua, Ranchito de Juan Ángel (La Hielera), Ranchito de Saucedo, Rancho de Balcones, Rancho de Miguel, Rancho el 33, Rancho Golondrinas, Rancho la Tijera, Rancho Lomas del Río, Rancho los Nogales, Rancho Lulú, Rancho Nuevo, Rancho San Antonio, Rancho Santa Elena, Rancho Viejo, Real de San Diego, Rincón de Huajupa, Rincón de Nevárez, Rincón de Temascales, Salsipuedes (Mesa del Corral), San Agustín del Fresno (El Hizapote), San Antonio, San Antonio de la Sierra, San Antonio de Nevárez, San Bartolo, San Diego de Tenzaenz, San Francisco, San Gregorio de Bosos, San Ignacio, San Isidro, San Javier, San José Buenavista, San José de Cañas, San José de Favelas, San José de la Chaparra, San José de las Flores, San José del Bonete, San José del Pachón, San José del Pedernal, San José del Ranchito, San Juan de Camarones, San Juan Viejo, San Julián, San Luisito, San Manuel de la Galera, San Martín, San Miguel, San Miguel de los Pinos (Rancho Viejo), San Miguel de Papasquiaro, San Miguel del Alto, San Miguel del Cantil, San Nicolás, San Pablo, San Pedro de Tenerapa, San Rafael, San Ramón, Sandovales, Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz de los Ojitos, Santa Cruz de Macos, Santa Efigenia, Santa Marina, Santa Rita, Santa Rita del Pachón, Santa Teresa del Llano, Santa Teresa del Pachón, Santiago Papasquiaro, Sacedo (La Cueva de Saucedo), Soyupa, Tablas Grandes, Tapascual, Tarimoros de Arriba, Vascogil, Vasitos, Vivero Forestal (Emiliano Zapata).

Paragraph 13: Benjamin Paaßen has argued that because video game culture has long been a space dominated by heterosexual men, the video game industry tends to cater to this particularly lucrative audience, producing video games that reflect the desires of the heterosexual male gaze.  He further argues that this lack of representation of alternate identities in video games has caused gamers who divert from the dominant demographic to be often relegated to the margins of the culture.  This process is thus seen to perpetuate the stereotypical image of the geeky, heterosexual male gamer as the ruler of the video game world.  Contrary to popular belief, there are a multitude of communities within video game culture that do not fulfill the typical gamer stereotype.  The problem is that they lack visibility.  One reason for this is that many people do not want to reveal their association with video game culture out of fear of stigmatization.  Past research has shown this to be the case for the female gamer.  Because women in video game culture are often ostracized by their male gamer counterparts, female gamers are frequently forced to conceal their gender, only participating in video game culture when they can remain anonymous. When concealing their identities, females gamers try to change their voice when talking online, they will play as a male character instead of a female character followed by some kind of masculine name. Doing this, however, can make video games less fun and exciting and could cause the player just quit the game. On the other hand, it's different for the male gamer. Like girl gamers would choose a male character to play as the male gamer would sometimes choose a girl character to play as. But for the male to pick a girl character is very common in the culture. According to Bosson, Prewitt-Freilino, and Taylor, male gamers who try to be female characters are not harassed as much as girl gamers since the male gamers can simply undo the change or just reveal their true identities as a male which reduces the harassing.

Paragraph 14: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 15: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 16: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 17: The goal of a study conducted by Desert, Preaux, and Jund in 2009 was to see if children from lower socioeconomic groups are affected by stereotype threat. The study compared children that were 6–7 years old with children that were 8–9 years old from multiple elementary schools. These children were presented with the Raven's Matrices test, which is an intellectual ability test. Separate groups of children were given directions in an evaluative way and other groups were given directions in a non-evaluative way. The "evaluative" group received instructions that are usually given with the Raven Matrices test, while the "non-evaluative" group was given directions which made it seem as if the children were simply playing a game. The results showed that third graders performed better on the test than the first graders did, which was expected. However, the lower socioeconomic status children did worse on the test when they received directions in an evaluative way than the higher socioeconomic status children did when they received directions in an evaluative way. These results suggested that the framing of the directions given to the children may have a greater effect on performance than socioeconomic status. This was shown by the differences in performance based on which type of instructions they received. This information can be useful in classroom settings to help improve the performance of students of lower socioeconomic status.

Paragraph 18: Meanwhile, the population of the state of Missouri was badly divided.  While Governor Claiborne F. Jackson and the Missouri State Guard, a militia organization, supported the Confederacy, Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, commander of the St. Louis Arsenal, supported the Union.  Lyon drove Jackson and the Missouri State Guard, which was commanded by Major General Sterling Price, into southwestern Missouri, where they were joined by Brigadier General Ben McCulloch's Confederate force.  Lyon attacked Price and McCulloch's combined camp on August 10 in the Battle of Wilson's Creek; Lyon was killed and his army defeated.  Price then moved north with the Missouri State Guard in a campaign that culminated in the capture of Lexington in September.  However, Union forces concentrated against Price, who then retreated back into southwestern Missouri.  In February 1862, Union Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis advanced against Price's position, causing the Confederates to abandon Missouri and enter Arkansas.  In March, Price, McCulloch, and Major General Earl Van Dorn joined forces.  Under the command of Van Dorn, the Confederates attacked Curtis at the Battle of Pea Ridge on March 7 and 8 but were repulsed.  Pea Ridge and another Union victory at the Battle of Island Number Ten led the Union high command to feel secure enough to proclaim that "[there was] no Rebel flag now flying in Missouri".

Paragraph 19: Matthews scored the team's first victory in the first stage race of the season, the Tour Down Under. After a late split in the field in stage 3 led to 24 riders finishing seven seconds ahead of the next 23, Matthews won a depleted sprint ahead of defending Tour Down Under champion André Greipel and resultant race leader Matthew Goss. He finished the race fourth overall. In February, Boom won the prologue time trial to the Tour of Qatar. It was the first time trial in the Tour's nine-year history. Dead flat and only  long, riders were not allowed to use the specially designed bicycles and helmets that are customary in nearly all professional time trials. Despite the very short distance, Boom still had a solid four-second gap over world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara in second. The team was wildly successful at the next UCI Asia Tour stop, the Tour of Oman, which was held shortly after the Tour of Qatar. Bos won the sprint finishes to stages 1 and 3, besting full fields including sprinters the likes of Mark Cavendish, Daniele Bennati, and Matthew Goss both times. While the first three stages were flat like those of its cousin race in Qatar, the fourth and fifth provided that a climber would likely win the Tour of Oman overall. Gesink won both of these stages, the first a road race concluding at Green Mountain which he dedicated to his late father. The next stage was a time trial, and Gesink's win was a bit of a surprise because time trialing is not considered to be a strength for him. He stated after the stage that the hilly course played to his strengths, as did the fact that, like the Tour of Qatar time trial, this one was ridden on normal bicycles. It was the first time trial that he had ever won as a professional; he had started the stage simply hoping to keep the race lead, and instead increased it to over a minute. The final stage was flat again, and though Bos was only tenth in the sprint finale, it capped off a hugely successful event for the team with four stage wins and the overall and youth classifications. Freire added to the team's successful early season at the Ruta del Sol, winning the last two stages in field sprints. These performances also won him the event's points classification. At Tirreno–Adriatico in March, the squad won the team time trial in stage 1, the first ever such stage in the Tirreno–Adriatico's 46-year history. Boom was therefore the first race leader, though he held the lead for only one day. Gesink briefly held the race lead as well, but he was unable to climb with the race's best riders and slipped to fourth after six stages. He turned in a second strong individual time trial performance in as many races to close out the event, moving back onto the podium in second after taking ninth in the closing ITT. He also won the race's youth classification, having led it for the entire event.

Paragraph 20: Following the death of Dale Earnhardt in the Daytona 500 in February 2001, many NASCAR drivers began voluntarily wearing head-and-neck restraint devices such as the HANS device and the Hutchens device. One week after Earnhardt's death at the Dura Lube 400, drivers Mike Skinner, Kevin Harvick, Bobby Labonte, and Elliott Sadler utilized the Hutchens device during the race. Skinner and Harvick were drivers for Richard Childress Racing. Sadler and Labonte, meanwhile, requested the device from Hutchens and Ashline. The name "Hutchens device" was coined by a reporter from NASCAR.com at that time. At the Pepsi 400 in July, 41 of the 43 competitors used a restraint device, Tony Stewart and Jimmy Spencer being the only drivers not to use a device. During the race, Earnhardt's son Dale Earnhardt Jr. used the Hutchens device; it was the first time he had used a head-and-neck restraint during a race. In September 2001, Mattec Inc. was licensed to produce the Hutchens device. Prior to the EA Sports 500 at Talladega Superspeedway in October of that year, shortly after the death of Blaise Alexander in an ARCA race, NASCAR mandated the use of either the HANS or Hutchens device in its top three touring series (Winston Cup Series, Busch Series, Craftsman Truck Series). ARCA also mandated its drivers to use a restraint device beginning at Talladega. Tony Stewart was the only notable driver on the Winston Cup circuit who had yet to use either device on a regular basis. Stewart cited claustrophobia issues with the HANS device, and reliability issues with the Huthchens device.

Paragraph 21: The second primary argument to uphold legalized abortion and creating better access to it is the necessity of abortion and the health and safety of pregnant women. There are two events that largely changed the course of public opinion about abortion in the U.S. The first is Sherry Finkbine, who was denied access to an abortion by the board of obstetrician-gynecologists at her local hospital. Although she was privileged enough to afford the trip, Finkbine was forced to travel to Sweden for an abortion to avoid caring for a damaged fetus in addition to four children. The other event that changed public opinion was the outbreak of rubella in the 1950s and 60s. Because rubella disrupted the growth of fetuses and caused deformities during pregnancy, the California Therapeutic Abortion Act was signed in 1967, permitting doctors to legally abort pregnancies that pose a risk to a pregnant woman's physical or mental health. These two events are commonly used to show how the health and safety of pregnant women are contingent upon abortions as well as the ability to give birth to and adequately take care of a child. Another argument in favor of legalized abortion to service necessity are the reasons why an abortion might be necessary. Nearly half of all pregnancies in the United States are unintended, and over half of all unintended pregnancies in the United States are met with abortion. Unintended pregnancy can lead to serious harm to women and children for reasons such as not being able to afford to raise a baby, inaccessibility to time off of work, difficulties facing single motherhood, difficult socio-economic conditions for women. Unintended pregnancies also have a greater potential for putting women of color at risk due to systematically produced environmental hazards from proximity to pollution, access to livable income, and affordable healthy food. These factors as threats to the health and safety of pregnant women run parallel to data that shows the number of abortions in the United States did not decline while laws restricting legal access to abortion were implemented.

Paragraph 22: Matthews scored the team's first victory in the first stage race of the season, the Tour Down Under. After a late split in the field in stage 3 led to 24 riders finishing seven seconds ahead of the next 23, Matthews won a depleted sprint ahead of defending Tour Down Under champion André Greipel and resultant race leader Matthew Goss. He finished the race fourth overall. In February, Boom won the prologue time trial to the Tour of Qatar. It was the first time trial in the Tour's nine-year history. Dead flat and only  long, riders were not allowed to use the specially designed bicycles and helmets that are customary in nearly all professional time trials. Despite the very short distance, Boom still had a solid four-second gap over world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara in second. The team was wildly successful at the next UCI Asia Tour stop, the Tour of Oman, which was held shortly after the Tour of Qatar. Bos won the sprint finishes to stages 1 and 3, besting full fields including sprinters the likes of Mark Cavendish, Daniele Bennati, and Matthew Goss both times. While the first three stages were flat like those of its cousin race in Qatar, the fourth and fifth provided that a climber would likely win the Tour of Oman overall. Gesink won both of these stages, the first a road race concluding at Green Mountain which he dedicated to his late father. The next stage was a time trial, and Gesink's win was a bit of a surprise because time trialing is not considered to be a strength for him. He stated after the stage that the hilly course played to his strengths, as did the fact that, like the Tour of Qatar time trial, this one was ridden on normal bicycles. It was the first time trial that he had ever won as a professional; he had started the stage simply hoping to keep the race lead, and instead increased it to over a minute. The final stage was flat again, and though Bos was only tenth in the sprint finale, it capped off a hugely successful event for the team with four stage wins and the overall and youth classifications. Freire added to the team's successful early season at the Ruta del Sol, winning the last two stages in field sprints. These performances also won him the event's points classification. At Tirreno–Adriatico in March, the squad won the team time trial in stage 1, the first ever such stage in the Tirreno–Adriatico's 46-year history. Boom was therefore the first race leader, though he held the lead for only one day. Gesink briefly held the race lead as well, but he was unable to climb with the race's best riders and slipped to fourth after six stages. He turned in a second strong individual time trial performance in as many races to close out the event, moving back onto the podium in second after taking ninth in the closing ITT. He also won the race's youth classification, having led it for the entire event.

Paragraph 23: Benjamin Paaßen has argued that because video game culture has long been a space dominated by heterosexual men, the video game industry tends to cater to this particularly lucrative audience, producing video games that reflect the desires of the heterosexual male gaze.  He further argues that this lack of representation of alternate identities in video games has caused gamers who divert from the dominant demographic to be often relegated to the margins of the culture.  This process is thus seen to perpetuate the stereotypical image of the geeky, heterosexual male gamer as the ruler of the video game world.  Contrary to popular belief, there are a multitude of communities within video game culture that do not fulfill the typical gamer stereotype.  The problem is that they lack visibility.  One reason for this is that many people do not want to reveal their association with video game culture out of fear of stigmatization.  Past research has shown this to be the case for the female gamer.  Because women in video game culture are often ostracized by their male gamer counterparts, female gamers are frequently forced to conceal their gender, only participating in video game culture when they can remain anonymous. When concealing their identities, females gamers try to change their voice when talking online, they will play as a male character instead of a female character followed by some kind of masculine name. Doing this, however, can make video games less fun and exciting and could cause the player just quit the game. On the other hand, it's different for the male gamer. Like girl gamers would choose a male character to play as the male gamer would sometimes choose a girl character to play as. But for the male to pick a girl character is very common in the culture. According to Bosson, Prewitt-Freilino, and Taylor, male gamers who try to be female characters are not harassed as much as girl gamers since the male gamers can simply undo the change or just reveal their true identities as a male which reduces the harassing.

Paragraph 24: Dave the Dude (Glenn Ford), a very successful New York City gangster, has one superstition: he believes that the apples he buys from alcoholic street peddler Apple Annie (Bette Davis) bring him luck. Annie assures the Dude that his latest purchase is especially lucky. He then meets Elizabeth "Queenie" Martin (Hope Lange), the daughter of a recently murdered friend and deeply indebted nightclub owner. Queenie offers to pay him $5 a week from her cashier's salary toward the $20,000 owed him. Instead, trusting Annie's claim, he decides to make Queenie a nightclub star. To the astonishment of his right-hand man, "Joy Boy" (Peter Falk), he succeeds, and Queenie is able to pay off all her father's creditors after two years, just as Prohibition ends.

Paragraph 25: Meanwhile, the population of the state of Missouri was badly divided.  While Governor Claiborne F. Jackson and the Missouri State Guard, a militia organization, supported the Confederacy, Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, commander of the St. Louis Arsenal, supported the Union.  Lyon drove Jackson and the Missouri State Guard, which was commanded by Major General Sterling Price, into southwestern Missouri, where they were joined by Brigadier General Ben McCulloch's Confederate force.  Lyon attacked Price and McCulloch's combined camp on August 10 in the Battle of Wilson's Creek; Lyon was killed and his army defeated.  Price then moved north with the Missouri State Guard in a campaign that culminated in the capture of Lexington in September.  However, Union forces concentrated against Price, who then retreated back into southwestern Missouri.  In February 1862, Union Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis advanced against Price's position, causing the Confederates to abandon Missouri and enter Arkansas.  In March, Price, McCulloch, and Major General Earl Van Dorn joined forces.  Under the command of Van Dorn, the Confederates attacked Curtis at the Battle of Pea Ridge on March 7 and 8 but were repulsed.  Pea Ridge and another Union victory at the Battle of Island Number Ten led the Union high command to feel secure enough to proclaim that "[there was] no Rebel flag now flying in Missouri".

Paragraph 26: The spin-off series, Ashleigh, is 'supposedly' set in between Ashleigh's Hope and Ashleigh's Diary. However, this spin-off presents some major inconsistencies. In #2 Wonder's Promise (original series), Ashleigh states she's never attended a live horse race before; however, in the Ashleigh series (and Ashleigh's Diary, the Super Edition), she attends several races. This leads to the other error/inconsistency. In #7 Derby Day (Ashleigh series), it is said that Rhoda Kat is the first female jockey to win the Kentucky Derby. However, in the original series, Jilly Gordon clearly is. When the plague hits Ashleigh's family, various horses who survive or are sold before the first book, die (Midnight Wanderer, for example, who is put to sleep in the book, 'Goodbye Midnight Wanderer', apparently dies of the mysterious plague, rather than from the accident.) There is also large changes as to how Ashleigh and Mona get their horses. Ashleigh meets Stardust in Ashleigh's Hope and then owns (and must sell her) in Ashleigh's Diary, but in the Ashleigh Series she gets Stardust in #3 Waiting for Stardust and Stardust is expecting a foal in #15 Stardust's Foal (which this in never mentioned in Ashleigh's Hope or Ashleigh's Diary). In Ashleigh's Hope Mona gets a Thoroughbred she names Frisky on Thanksgiving Day, rubs it in, won't let Ashleigh ride Frisky, and the girls have a big fight. But in the Ashleigh Series Mona gets a Thoroughbred for Christmas, names her Frisky like she and Ashleigh had planned, says she is sorry and is not trying to rub it in as soon as she tells Ashleigh, and asks her to come over tomorrow to ride Frisky. The entire Ashleigh series is in a sort of "time bubble" and none of the events really line up with the events in the other Thoroughbred books, so it is almost a stand alone series in and of itself.

Paragraph 27: When Deputy Führer Hess came down with his aeroplane in Scotland on 10 May, he gave a false name and asked to see the Duke of Hamilton. The Duke, being apprised by the authorities, visited the German prisoner in hospital. Hess then revealed for the first time his true identity, saying that he had seen the Duke when he was at the Olympic games at Berlin in 1936. The Duke did not recognise the Deputy Führer. He had however, visited Germany for the Olympic games in 1936, and during that time had attended more than one large public function at which German ministers were present. It is, therefore, quite possible that the Deputy Führer may have seen him on one such occasion. As soon as the interview was over, Wing Commander the Duke of Hamilton flew to England and gave a full report of what had passed to the Prime Minister, who sent for him. Contrary to reports which have appeared in some newspapers, the Duke has never been in correspondence with the Deputy Führer. None of the Duke's three brothers, who are, like him, serving in the Royal Air Force has either met Hess or has had correspondence with him. It will be seen that the conduct of the Duke of Hamilton has been in every respect honourable and proper.

Paragraph 28: Basic aromatic rings are aromatic rings in which the lone pair of electrons of a ring-nitrogen atom is not part of the aromatic system and extends in the plane of the ring.  This lone pair is responsible for the basicity of these nitrogenous bases, similar to the nitrogen atom in amines.   In these compounds the nitrogen atom is not connected to a hydrogen atom. Basic aromatic compounds get protonated and form aromatic cations (e.g. pyridinium) under acidic conditions.   Typical examples of basic aromatic rings are pyridine or quinoline.  Several rings contain basic as well as non-basic nitrogen atoms, e.g. imidazole and purine.

Paragraph 29: The spin-off series, Ashleigh, is 'supposedly' set in between Ashleigh's Hope and Ashleigh's Diary. However, this spin-off presents some major inconsistencies. In #2 Wonder's Promise (original series), Ashleigh states she's never attended a live horse race before; however, in the Ashleigh series (and Ashleigh's Diary, the Super Edition), she attends several races. This leads to the other error/inconsistency. In #7 Derby Day (Ashleigh series), it is said that Rhoda Kat is the first female jockey to win the Kentucky Derby. However, in the original series, Jilly Gordon clearly is. When the plague hits Ashleigh's family, various horses who survive or are sold before the first book, die (Midnight Wanderer, for example, who is put to sleep in the book, 'Goodbye Midnight Wanderer', apparently dies of the mysterious plague, rather than from the accident.) There is also large changes as to how Ashleigh and Mona get their horses. Ashleigh meets Stardust in Ashleigh's Hope and then owns (and must sell her) in Ashleigh's Diary, but in the Ashleigh Series she gets Stardust in #3 Waiting for Stardust and Stardust is expecting a foal in #15 Stardust's Foal (which this in never mentioned in Ashleigh's Hope or Ashleigh's Diary). In Ashleigh's Hope Mona gets a Thoroughbred she names Frisky on Thanksgiving Day, rubs it in, won't let Ashleigh ride Frisky, and the girls have a big fight. But in the Ashleigh Series Mona gets a Thoroughbred for Christmas, names her Frisky like she and Ashleigh had planned, says she is sorry and is not trying to rub it in as soon as she tells Ashleigh, and asks her to come over tomorrow to ride Frisky. The entire Ashleigh series is in a sort of "time bubble" and none of the events really line up with the events in the other Thoroughbred books, so it is almost a stand alone series in and of itself.

Paragraph 30: Catron's overpowering anti-corporate views were more evident in . This case raised the issue of whether or not a corporate charter constituted a contract between the state and the bank and therefore could not be repealed due to the Contract Clause in Article 1, Section 10 of the Constitution. The Piqua Branch of the State Bank of Ohio's original charter granted an exemption from state taxation. However, a new legislature was attempting to repeal this exemption and impose a tax on the bank. The majority of the Court ruled in favor of the charter, citing the Contract clause. John Catron, along with Justices Campbell and Daniel, however, dissented. In his dissent, Catron argued, "The sovereign political power is not the subject of contract so as to be vested in an irrepealable charter of incorporation, and taken away from, and placed beyond the reach of, future legislatures." With this statement, Catron argued against the power of corporations and for the power of the federal government. Catron made the stance that political power was not only sovereign but that it also was not to be overruled by a contract, especially a corporate charter. Essentially Catron argued that in this case, corporate power exceeded federal power. Because John Catron was a Jacksonian, he felt the American Union should always be the most powerful entity within the United States and therefore dissented in this case which he saw as granting more power to corporations than to the federal government. Catron argued that because of this ruling, corporations could overrule the government as long as a contract was present. Another case that exemplified Catron's anti-corporation views was the case of . This case primarily dealt with the power to tax corporations, but took on bigger-picture questions such as the role of corporations in American society and whether they had begun to possess more power than the states had originally granted them. Catron again dissented from the majority and re-stated his Jacksonian beliefs when he voiced his concern about "the vast amount of property, power, and exclusive benefits, prejudicial to other classes of society that are vested in and held by these numerous bodies of associated wealth." Catron also stated "that a different doctrine would tend to sap and eventually might destroy the state constitutions and governments" in his dissent when referring to the power that corporate charters and contracts could have over the United States government.

Paragraph 31: The second primary argument to uphold legalized abortion and creating better access to it is the necessity of abortion and the health and safety of pregnant women. There are two events that largely changed the course of public opinion about abortion in the U.S. The first is Sherry Finkbine, who was denied access to an abortion by the board of obstetrician-gynecologists at her local hospital. Although she was privileged enough to afford the trip, Finkbine was forced to travel to Sweden for an abortion to avoid caring for a damaged fetus in addition to four children. The other event that changed public opinion was the outbreak of rubella in the 1950s and 60s. Because rubella disrupted the growth of fetuses and caused deformities during pregnancy, the California Therapeutic Abortion Act was signed in 1967, permitting doctors to legally abort pregnancies that pose a risk to a pregnant woman's physical or mental health. These two events are commonly used to show how the health and safety of pregnant women are contingent upon abortions as well as the ability to give birth to and adequately take care of a child. Another argument in favor of legalized abortion to service necessity are the reasons why an abortion might be necessary. Nearly half of all pregnancies in the United States are unintended, and over half of all unintended pregnancies in the United States are met with abortion. Unintended pregnancy can lead to serious harm to women and children for reasons such as not being able to afford to raise a baby, inaccessibility to time off of work, difficulties facing single motherhood, difficult socio-economic conditions for women. Unintended pregnancies also have a greater potential for putting women of color at risk due to systematically produced environmental hazards from proximity to pollution, access to livable income, and affordable healthy food. These factors as threats to the health and safety of pregnant women run parallel to data that shows the number of abortions in the United States did not decline while laws restricting legal access to abortion were implemented.

Paragraph 32: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."

Paragraph 33: Revolutionary songs were a prominent part of the popular culture of the People's Republic of China during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, and especially during the Cultural Revolution. One of the more popular Chinese revolutionary songs was "Nanniwan", a 1943 song lauding the exploits of the Eighth Route Army in the titular gorge in Shaanxi province near the revolutionary base of Yan'an. Revolutionary songs of Communist China often served to glorify the 1949 revolution and to present an image of unity amongst China's 56 ethnic groups and its various regions. Songs such as "The Sky Above the Liberated Zone" (praising the Communist Party of China and romanticizing life in the CCP-held liberated zones during the wars against Japan and the Kuomintang) and "Osmanthus Flowers Blooming Everywhere in August", a Red Army folk song from the Sichuan province, are among the best-known revolutionary songs from the wartime and Maoist periods in China.

Paragraph 34: In more recent years, Arendt has received further criticism from authors Bettina Stangneth and Deborah Lipstadt. Stangneth argues in her work, Eichmann Before Jerusalem, that Eichmann was, in fact, an insidious antisemite. She utilized the Sassen Papers and accounts of Eichmann while in Argentina to prove that he was proud of his position as a powerful Nazi and the murders that this allowed him to commit. While she acknowledges that the Sassen Papers were not disclosed in the lifetime of Arendt, she argues that the evidence was there at the trial to prove that Eichmann was an antisemitic murderer and that Arendt simply ignored this. Deborah Lipstadt contends in her work, The Eichmann Trial, that Arendt was too distracted by her own views of totalitarianism to objectively judge Eichmann. She refers to Arendt's own work on totalitarianism, The Origins of Totalitarianism, as a basis for Arendt's seeking to validate her own work by using Eichmann as an example.  Lipstadt further contends that Arendt "wanted the trial to explicate how these societies succeeded in getting others to do their atrocious biddings" and so framed her analysis in a way which would agree with this pursuit. However, Arendt has also been praised for being among the first to point out that intellectuals, such as Eichmann and other leaders of the Einsatzgruppen, were in fact more accepted in the Third Reich despite Nazi Germany's persistent use of anti-intellectual propaganda.  During a 2013 review of historian Christian Ingrao's book Believe and Destroy, which pointed out that Hitler was more accepting of intellectuals with German ancestry and that at least 80 German intellectuals assisted his "SS War Machine," Los Angeles Review of Books journalist Jan Mieszkowski praised Arendt for being "well aware that there was a place for the thinking man in the Third Reich."