Paragraph 1: After the council was dissolved, Cesarini was sent as papal legate to Hungary (1442) by Pope Eugenius IV to solve a political crisis that arose after the death of King Albert of Hungary (from the House of Habsburg) in 1439. The widow, Queen Elisabeth of Luxembourg, was left alone with her newborn son, who was crowned as Ladislaus V of Hungary. However, the Turkish wars represented a serious danger to the Kingdom, and the noblemen summoned the young King Władysław of Poland and crowned him as Hungarian King, making him promise that he would defend the state against the Ottomans. On 13 December 1442 Cesarini made the two parties reach an agreement in the city of Győr, where the rights of the baby Ladislas were recognized in the presence of the new King, without endangering the power of the other. After this, Cesarini became the confidant of King Władysław, and in 1443 went to Vienna as his ambassador to the court of Frederick III. Soon he became one of the principal planners of a new crusade against the Ottomans, who had begun to invade Europe. In June 1444, the Hungarian King signed a peace treaty (Peace of Szeged) with the Turkish sultan Murad II that would last for 10 years, but seeing this as a mistake and considering the moment and the circumstances appropriate for a new war, Cesarini insisted that the Hungarian King Władysław should break the treaty. This occurred in September of the same year, when they all marched to the Balkans in a new campaign. It was an unfortunate step and resulted in the disastrous defeat of the papal army at Varna (in eastern Bulgaria) on 10 November 1444, when Cardinal Giuliano Cesarini was slain in the fight. In a letter to the Duke of Milan, his friend Aeneas Sylvius Piccolomini tells of reports that, having escaped the fray, though wounded and bleeding, Cesarini was set upon by a band of Hungarians who, in the confusion of defeat, robbed and killed him. "Wounded in the battle, and fainting in his flight through loss of blood, he was slain near a marsh by the impious hands of the Hungarians, not at the instigation of the nobility, but through the rage of the populace; and thus breathed forth that glorious spirit which once with its sweet discourse swayed at will the assembled fathers at Basle"

Paragraph 2: Ellen is an only child who does not have a real home, even at the time when both her parents are still alive. Her father is "trash" and has a drinking problem, and the whole atmosphere is one of domestic violence. Her mother has a heart condition caused by "Romantic" Rheumatic fever and, when the novel opens, has to stay in the hospital. From an early age on, Ellen's thoughts center on how she could get rid of her father—she imagines killing him one way or another. When her mother is released from hospital Ellen's father treats her as badly as before, and it is up to Ellen to protect her mother from him. Soon, however, she takes an overdose of pills and dies while Ellen is lying next to her.

Paragraph 3: In 1996, the Battery deployed on Op RESOLUTE to Bosnia as part of the NATO lead IFOR. Initially, B Battery were to be based in Baraci but due to reductions in theatre, it was decided that three gun batteries were not required at that location. The Battery was teamed up with L (Nery) Battery to form B/L Battery and was based in Glamoc. From here, the Battery conducted deployments with its Troop of guns through Multi National Division South West. After a successful tour, B Battery returned to the UK in January 1997. Following a period of leave, B Battery then started pre-BATUS training, again joining forces with L Battery to support 1st RWF Battle Group. Just prior to deploying, the Battery took the lead in supplying manpower to the Royal Tournament at Earls Court, London, the largest military tattoo in the world at the time. This had members of the Battery assisting in a variety of jobs from taking part in the show to the necessary backroom work. 1988 saw B Battery deploy again to Glamoc, Bosnia, this time as part of SFOR. When the Battery returned in January, 1999, little did they realise that by June the same year the TAC Group would find itself spearheading the advance of the NATO force into Kosovo. The TAC Group saw at first hand the destruction that the Serbs had tried to inflict on the local population during the conflict. The TAC Group returned to Tidworth in September. In 2000, the Battery deployed on Exercise GRAND PRIX in Kenya to support the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. Here, the Battery was equipped with the 105mm Light Gun. The Battery had an extremely good exercise and conducted some great infantry training as well as firing the guns. On return from Kenya, the Battery made it to the final of the RA Inter-Battery football against 132 Bty and won 6–0. Once again, the Balkans reared its head and this time Sahagun Troop deployed with L/N Bty to Kosovo and Downman's Troop to Sanski Most with Chestnut Troop. 2001 saw B Battery training up to support the King's Royal Hussars on Exercise IRON ANVIL in BATUS as part of 19 Regiment RA in support of 12th Mechanised Brigade. On return to the UK, the Battery commenced a build-up to deploy back to the Balkans as the UK Artillery Battery based in Sipovo. B Battery was the last Gunner unit, in role, in the Balkans. Back in the UK, the Battery immediately re-rolled to provide cover for the National Fireman's strike. The Regiment deployed to Cheshire and the Battery initially covered Warrington, Runcorn and Widnes. This commitment lasted intermittently between October 2002 and March 2003. The Battery also conducted a Brigade level exercise in BATUS with the Regiment before being warned off for Operation TELIC 4.

Paragraph 4: Freerunning is an athletic and acrobatic discipline incorporating an aesthetic element, and can be considered either a sport or a performance art, or both. Freerunning is similar to parkour, from which it is derived, but emphasizes artistry over efficiency and speed. Freerunning involves interacting with physical obstacles in creative ways, such as by climbing, jumping or running; the obstacles may be purpose-built or may be part of a pre-existing natural or man-made environment. The movements are usually adopted from other sports, such as gymnastics, tricking or breakdancing. Freerunners can create their own moves, flows and lines in different landscapes. Practitioners of freerunning usually do parkour as well. Freerunning was founded by Sebastien Foucan, who discussed the subject in 2003 documentary film Jump London.

Paragraph 5: Ellen is an only child who does not have a real home, even at the time when both her parents are still alive. Her father is "trash" and has a drinking problem, and the whole atmosphere is one of domestic violence. Her mother has a heart condition caused by "Romantic" Rheumatic fever and, when the novel opens, has to stay in the hospital. From an early age on, Ellen's thoughts center on how she could get rid of her father—she imagines killing him one way or another. When her mother is released from hospital Ellen's father treats her as badly as before, and it is up to Ellen to protect her mother from him. Soon, however, she takes an overdose of pills and dies while Ellen is lying next to her.

Paragraph 6: During Christmas of 2018, shareholders representing 25% of Oslo Børs VPS Holding (the Norwegian Stock Exchange and national CSD operator) held a private auction of share sale. Nasdaq did not participate in the auction due to the hostile nature of the bid (held without Oslo Børs boards knowledge or approval). Euronext won the auction, and later secured another 24.6% of shareholder support, totaling 49.6%. Following this, Nasdaq acquired 32.5% shares in open market (mainly from individual shareholders/employees), and submitted an official bid, with unanimous recommendations from board and some key shareholders, to acquire remaining shares for 152 NOK, and later increased offer to 158 NOK (or almost 44% premium of December 17, 2018 closing price, to match Euronext offer), additionally making the case to Norway's markets regulator that in cases like this, 2/3 of the share control may be necessary to comply with any applicable regulatory requirement. In the end the regulator did not side with the two-thirds requirements, and general majority was deemed to be applicable. Euronext by that time had acquired or secured control of 50.5% shares, and Nasdaq had announced on May 25, 2019 that they were pulling out of the Oslo Børs battle, handing Euronext the victory.

Paragraph 7: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 8: As NWA champion, Severn debuted in the World Wrestling Federation in 1998 during a story line where the NWA invaded the WWF. Severn also wrestled on NWA territories at the same time during his tenure with the WWF. Severn was first seen attacking The Headbangers when they were feuding with Bob Holly and Bart Gunn, who were a part of the NWA invasion. In his debut match, he defeated Flash Funk in quick fashion. He was briefly managed by Jim Cornette who commentated during his matches and helped "get him over". During his entrance, he and Jim carried his titles consisting of UFC/MMA championship belts and the NWA world's heavyweight title. Cornette stated that "He has so many titles he keeps some at home because he can't take them in the airport", which is why Dan brought his most prestigious championships. His character was portrayed as a heel (villain). Like Flash Funk, he defeated multiple opponents afterwards, the likes of Savio Vega and Mosh, in quick fashion and by showing some of his Mixed Martial style and ability. This led to a winning streak. The NWA invasion was brief and saw the debut of The Midnight Express and a repackaged Jeff Jarrett. Barry Windham was also a member. Severn would tag team with these members from the stable. Severn would then leave the stable soon after to continue further singles competition on his own.

Paragraph 9: During Christmas of 2018, shareholders representing 25% of Oslo Børs VPS Holding (the Norwegian Stock Exchange and national CSD operator) held a private auction of share sale. Nasdaq did not participate in the auction due to the hostile nature of the bid (held without Oslo Børs boards knowledge or approval). Euronext won the auction, and later secured another 24.6% of shareholder support, totaling 49.6%. Following this, Nasdaq acquired 32.5% shares in open market (mainly from individual shareholders/employees), and submitted an official bid, with unanimous recommendations from board and some key shareholders, to acquire remaining shares for 152 NOK, and later increased offer to 158 NOK (or almost 44% premium of December 17, 2018 closing price, to match Euronext offer), additionally making the case to Norway's markets regulator that in cases like this, 2/3 of the share control may be necessary to comply with any applicable regulatory requirement. In the end the regulator did not side with the two-thirds requirements, and general majority was deemed to be applicable. Euronext by that time had acquired or secured control of 50.5% shares, and Nasdaq had announced on May 25, 2019 that they were pulling out of the Oslo Børs battle, handing Euronext the victory.

Paragraph 10: Freerunning is an athletic and acrobatic discipline incorporating an aesthetic element, and can be considered either a sport or a performance art, or both. Freerunning is similar to parkour, from which it is derived, but emphasizes artistry over efficiency and speed. Freerunning involves interacting with physical obstacles in creative ways, such as by climbing, jumping or running; the obstacles may be purpose-built or may be part of a pre-existing natural or man-made environment. The movements are usually adopted from other sports, such as gymnastics, tricking or breakdancing. Freerunners can create their own moves, flows and lines in different landscapes. Practitioners of freerunning usually do parkour as well. Freerunning was founded by Sebastien Foucan, who discussed the subject in 2003 documentary film Jump London.

Paragraph 11: Samantha featured in the big-budget Telugu film, Dookudu (2012) alongside Mahesh Babu, which became one of the most successful Telugu films of all time. The film received positive reviews, with a critic from The Times of India stating "Samantha looks beautiful and has done a great job, though her role as Prashanthi isn't too lengthy." She received her second nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for her performance in the film. She also subsequently made guest appearances in two of Gautham Vasudev Menon's films, first in the psychological thriller film, Nadunisi Naaygal (2011) as a mental asylum inmate and then repeated her role from Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa in the Hindi version of the film, Ekk Deewana Tha (2012). Her popularity in Telugu films led to Nadunisi Naaygal was dubbed and released in Telugu as Eera Gulabeelu, with Samantha featured prominently on the film's posters, despite only having a guest appearance. During the period, Samantha had also been signed two big-budget projects in Tamil, Mani Ratnam's Kadal (2013) and Shankar's I (2015), but was forced to opt out from both films, since she was suffering from a skin disease and could not work for two months during mid-2012. Samantha next featured in S. S. Rajamouli's live action Telugu-Tamil bilingual project Eega (2012) alongside Nani and Sudeep, portraying a micro artist who runs a NGO and takes revenge for the murder of her lover. As the film featured a CGI-created housefly as the main character, Samantha noted that she had to use her imagination and act accordingly. She also revealed that many heavy lights were used for the shoot of the film and she subsequently suffered skin burns, calling the process "very stressful" but "satisfying". Titled Naan Ee (2012) in Tamil, the film opened to highly positive reviews and Samantha also won high critical acclaim for her performance. A critic from The Hindu noted "Samantha blooms in the role given to her," while Jeevi of Idlebrain.com wrote her "successful run continues as she protrays the role a bereaved lover with perfection". Sify.com also praised her performance in the film, citing her "subtle expressions of love, fear and anxiety work well for the film" and that she "looks beautiful and has performed her role with consummate ease". The film went on to become a major commercial success, grossing more than  1.25 billion, and went on to be dubbed in several foreign and Indian languages.

Paragraph 12: Peyton Hinckle of ComicsVerse referred to Karolina Dean as a "fan favorite," writing, "Her popularity has grown even more, making her one of the most well-known lesbian characters in the comics industry. Readers and viewers alike adore Karolina Dean for her free-spiritedness and diverse background. But I think there’s more to Karolina’s character than just what’s on the surface. Yes, she’s a rare gem in a sea of heterosexual heroes, but she’s also one of the best role models Marvel has (which might not be saying much but you get the point). Like so many real-life queer teens, Karolina struggled to understand her true self: as a superpowered alien and as a lesbian. She also was able to overcome those struggles and find self-acceptance. As readers, viewers, and fans, we can take our own challenges and use Karolina’s model to become the people we want to be." Theo Kogod of CBR.com described Karolina as one of Marvel's "well-written and diverse heroes," asserting, "Admittedly, it took a while for the company to take a stand and show meaningful LGBTQ+representation. But over the years, more and more queer heroes have appeared at the forefront of major Marvel comics. Like with the Young Avengers, Runaways was a series designed to focus on a team of teenaged heroes that included LGBTQ+ characters front and center. The original Runaways series was written by Brian K. Vaughan and drawn by Adrian Alophona, and its first issue was released in 2003. Vaughan has made his commitment to diversity and allyship core to his writing, and so he included the character Karolina Dean as a lesbian. Sadly, representation was pretty limited in 2003 and this was initially only hinted at. However, Karolina would later enter into a same-sex relationship with her teammate Nico. While modern readers might not think much of this, it was a huge deal at the time." Joshua Yehl of IGN said, "Finding out you are an alien and running away from your super villain parents is hard enough, but teenager Karolina Dean also had to deal with her intimate feelings toward fellow teammate Nico. Throughout the first volume of Runaways, Kar was mainly trying to come to grips with how her being an alien made her the outsider of the team, but there were also subtle hints of her attraction to Nico. She even went so far as to act suicidal by offering up her life to a vampire. With time, she eventually overcame her insecurities and came out to Nico by trying to kiss her. Nico rejected Kar, which led to a relapse of insecurity, this time about her homosexuality. The girl can’t catch a break! Kar wouldn’t be the first gay person to develop feelings for a straight friend, and that’s what makes writer Brian K. Vaughan and artist Adrian Alphona’s depiction of her so authentic. The reader watches her struggle with her feelings, spiral downward into self-destruction, and rise back up by expressing herself only to hit a new low afterward. Coming out is not an easy one-time event, but a long, emotional process that doesn’t always turn out as planned. While Kar did not get the reaction she wanted from Nico, she made the same awkward coming out mistakes that countless others have, making this alien girl feel all the more human." Vanessa Friedman of Autostraddle called Karolina one of the "female heroines who have positively impacted our brains and our world," stating, "Karolina is a glowing, flying teenage daughter of alien supervillains who’s the emotional center of her team. Xavin is her shapeshifting Super-Skrull fiancée who’s one of the few transgender characters in all of comics. Together they form one of the best queer couples in recent comics, showing not only that you can have three-dimensional queer characters, but also that gender isn’t a simple, straightforward binary. These two are able to not only overcome their supervillian legacies, but also the racism and homophobia that they face for being an interracial lesbian couple."

Paragraph 13: In 1969, Wayman Mitchell asked for a ministerial position and was appointed to serve as the minister of the Foursquare church in Prescott, Arizona. Mitchell promoted personal witnessing which saw much church growth, primarily from the youth of the hippie movement and resulted in an overflowing church by the early seventies. Mitchell began to establish new churches which were originally called The Door (and later, these churches were called the Potter's House), first within Arizona and interstate, then overseas. Mitchell discouraged his disciples from attending bible schools due to his own negative experiences in them so the men who he sent out did not receive full ordinations from Foursquare. According to Nathaniel Van Cleave, Mitchell permitted only his own style of primitive and militant evangelism, isolated his disciples from other Foursquare ministers and as a group, they walked out of conference meetings that they disagreed with. Although Mitchell was the state superintendent, he only focused on his own churches, excluding all other Foursquare churches that were under his care. Over time, this caused resentment among the excluded congregations and at least one church left the denomination as a result.

Paragraph 14: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 15: Samantha featured in the big-budget Telugu film, Dookudu (2012) alongside Mahesh Babu, which became one of the most successful Telugu films of all time. The film received positive reviews, with a critic from The Times of India stating "Samantha looks beautiful and has done a great job, though her role as Prashanthi isn't too lengthy." She received her second nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for her performance in the film. She also subsequently made guest appearances in two of Gautham Vasudev Menon's films, first in the psychological thriller film, Nadunisi Naaygal (2011) as a mental asylum inmate and then repeated her role from Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa in the Hindi version of the film, Ekk Deewana Tha (2012). Her popularity in Telugu films led to Nadunisi Naaygal was dubbed and released in Telugu as Eera Gulabeelu, with Samantha featured prominently on the film's posters, despite only having a guest appearance. During the period, Samantha had also been signed two big-budget projects in Tamil, Mani Ratnam's Kadal (2013) and Shankar's I (2015), but was forced to opt out from both films, since she was suffering from a skin disease and could not work for two months during mid-2012. Samantha next featured in S. S. Rajamouli's live action Telugu-Tamil bilingual project Eega (2012) alongside Nani and Sudeep, portraying a micro artist who runs a NGO and takes revenge for the murder of her lover. As the film featured a CGI-created housefly as the main character, Samantha noted that she had to use her imagination and act accordingly. She also revealed that many heavy lights were used for the shoot of the film and she subsequently suffered skin burns, calling the process "very stressful" but "satisfying". Titled Naan Ee (2012) in Tamil, the film opened to highly positive reviews and Samantha also won high critical acclaim for her performance. A critic from The Hindu noted "Samantha blooms in the role given to her," while Jeevi of Idlebrain.com wrote her "successful run continues as she protrays the role a bereaved lover with perfection". Sify.com also praised her performance in the film, citing her "subtle expressions of love, fear and anxiety work well for the film" and that she "looks beautiful and has performed her role with consummate ease". The film went on to become a major commercial success, grossing more than  1.25 billion, and went on to be dubbed in several foreign and Indian languages.

Paragraph 16: Vitale was elected in the 1997 elections to succeed Jim McGreevey who was running for Governor. As the 19th districts consists of mainly Democrat-friendly towns in Middlesex County, he has been easily reelected in every Senate election never winning by less than 20 points. From 2004 to 2009, Vitale was the Deputy Majority Leader in the Senate. Currently, he is Chairman of the Senate on the Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee and the Vice Chairman in the Senate for Economic Growth. Vitale and William Gormley were the lead sponsors of the 1999 New Jersey Homeless Youth Act, which allows minors to seek homeless shelter without parental approval. He is also the sponsor of bills to allow needle exchange programs for drug users and to prohibit gun ownership by those convicted of domestic violence offenses. Senator Vitale was the prime sponsor of over forty bills that were signed into law, including bills establishing the KidCare and FamilyCare health care coverage programs, as well as a bill which would require nursing aides to undergo certified criminal background checks, a bill which would prohibit the use of mandatory overtime in health care facilities except in emergency situations, and the New Jersey Health Care Access and Patient Protection Act, which requires the State to compile information on doctors, such as office location and medical malpractice history, in a database available to the public. As chairman of the Health and Human Services Committee, Vitale has blocked a vote in the Senate on a measure that has passed twice in the General Assembly under which non-professional bakers would be allowed to legally sell their goods to consumers, leaving New Jersey and Wisconsin as the only states that forbid the practice. Vitale has cited "public safety and public health concerns", along with the impact of home-based competition on local brick-and-mortar businesses, as his reasons for blocking the measure.

Paragraph 17: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 18: During Christmas of 2018, shareholders representing 25% of Oslo Børs VPS Holding (the Norwegian Stock Exchange and national CSD operator) held a private auction of share sale. Nasdaq did not participate in the auction due to the hostile nature of the bid (held without Oslo Børs boards knowledge or approval). Euronext won the auction, and later secured another 24.6% of shareholder support, totaling 49.6%. Following this, Nasdaq acquired 32.5% shares in open market (mainly from individual shareholders/employees), and submitted an official bid, with unanimous recommendations from board and some key shareholders, to acquire remaining shares for 152 NOK, and later increased offer to 158 NOK (or almost 44% premium of December 17, 2018 closing price, to match Euronext offer), additionally making the case to Norway's markets regulator that in cases like this, 2/3 of the share control may be necessary to comply with any applicable regulatory requirement. In the end the regulator did not side with the two-thirds requirements, and general majority was deemed to be applicable. Euronext by that time had acquired or secured control of 50.5% shares, and Nasdaq had announced on May 25, 2019 that they were pulling out of the Oslo Børs battle, handing Euronext the victory.

Paragraph 19: Vitale was elected in the 1997 elections to succeed Jim McGreevey who was running for Governor. As the 19th districts consists of mainly Democrat-friendly towns in Middlesex County, he has been easily reelected in every Senate election never winning by less than 20 points. From 2004 to 2009, Vitale was the Deputy Majority Leader in the Senate. Currently, he is Chairman of the Senate on the Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee and the Vice Chairman in the Senate for Economic Growth. Vitale and William Gormley were the lead sponsors of the 1999 New Jersey Homeless Youth Act, which allows minors to seek homeless shelter without parental approval. He is also the sponsor of bills to allow needle exchange programs for drug users and to prohibit gun ownership by those convicted of domestic violence offenses. Senator Vitale was the prime sponsor of over forty bills that were signed into law, including bills establishing the KidCare and FamilyCare health care coverage programs, as well as a bill which would require nursing aides to undergo certified criminal background checks, a bill which would prohibit the use of mandatory overtime in health care facilities except in emergency situations, and the New Jersey Health Care Access and Patient Protection Act, which requires the State to compile information on doctors, such as office location and medical malpractice history, in a database available to the public. As chairman of the Health and Human Services Committee, Vitale has blocked a vote in the Senate on a measure that has passed twice in the General Assembly under which non-professional bakers would be allowed to legally sell their goods to consumers, leaving New Jersey and Wisconsin as the only states that forbid the practice. Vitale has cited "public safety and public health concerns", along with the impact of home-based competition on local brick-and-mortar businesses, as his reasons for blocking the measure.

Paragraph 20: As NWA champion, Severn debuted in the World Wrestling Federation in 1998 during a story line where the NWA invaded the WWF. Severn also wrestled on NWA territories at the same time during his tenure with the WWF. Severn was first seen attacking The Headbangers when they were feuding with Bob Holly and Bart Gunn, who were a part of the NWA invasion. In his debut match, he defeated Flash Funk in quick fashion. He was briefly managed by Jim Cornette who commentated during his matches and helped "get him over". During his entrance, he and Jim carried his titles consisting of UFC/MMA championship belts and the NWA world's heavyweight title. Cornette stated that "He has so many titles he keeps some at home because he can't take them in the airport", which is why Dan brought his most prestigious championships. His character was portrayed as a heel (villain). Like Flash Funk, he defeated multiple opponents afterwards, the likes of Savio Vega and Mosh, in quick fashion and by showing some of his Mixed Martial style and ability. This led to a winning streak. The NWA invasion was brief and saw the debut of The Midnight Express and a repackaged Jeff Jarrett. Barry Windham was also a member. Severn would tag team with these members from the stable. Severn would then leave the stable soon after to continue further singles competition on his own.

Paragraph 21: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 22: Vitale was elected in the 1997 elections to succeed Jim McGreevey who was running for Governor. As the 19th districts consists of mainly Democrat-friendly towns in Middlesex County, he has been easily reelected in every Senate election never winning by less than 20 points. From 2004 to 2009, Vitale was the Deputy Majority Leader in the Senate. Currently, he is Chairman of the Senate on the Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee and the Vice Chairman in the Senate for Economic Growth. Vitale and William Gormley were the lead sponsors of the 1999 New Jersey Homeless Youth Act, which allows minors to seek homeless shelter without parental approval. He is also the sponsor of bills to allow needle exchange programs for drug users and to prohibit gun ownership by those convicted of domestic violence offenses. Senator Vitale was the prime sponsor of over forty bills that were signed into law, including bills establishing the KidCare and FamilyCare health care coverage programs, as well as a bill which would require nursing aides to undergo certified criminal background checks, a bill which would prohibit the use of mandatory overtime in health care facilities except in emergency situations, and the New Jersey Health Care Access and Patient Protection Act, which requires the State to compile information on doctors, such as office location and medical malpractice history, in a database available to the public. As chairman of the Health and Human Services Committee, Vitale has blocked a vote in the Senate on a measure that has passed twice in the General Assembly under which non-professional bakers would be allowed to legally sell their goods to consumers, leaving New Jersey and Wisconsin as the only states that forbid the practice. Vitale has cited "public safety and public health concerns", along with the impact of home-based competition on local brick-and-mortar businesses, as his reasons for blocking the measure.

Paragraph 23: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 24: Peyton Hinckle of ComicsVerse referred to Karolina Dean as a "fan favorite," writing, "Her popularity has grown even more, making her one of the most well-known lesbian characters in the comics industry. Readers and viewers alike adore Karolina Dean for her free-spiritedness and diverse background. But I think there’s more to Karolina’s character than just what’s on the surface. Yes, she’s a rare gem in a sea of heterosexual heroes, but she’s also one of the best role models Marvel has (which might not be saying much but you get the point). Like so many real-life queer teens, Karolina struggled to understand her true self: as a superpowered alien and as a lesbian. She also was able to overcome those struggles and find self-acceptance. As readers, viewers, and fans, we can take our own challenges and use Karolina’s model to become the people we want to be." Theo Kogod of CBR.com described Karolina as one of Marvel's "well-written and diverse heroes," asserting, "Admittedly, it took a while for the company to take a stand and show meaningful LGBTQ+representation. But over the years, more and more queer heroes have appeared at the forefront of major Marvel comics. Like with the Young Avengers, Runaways was a series designed to focus on a team of teenaged heroes that included LGBTQ+ characters front and center. The original Runaways series was written by Brian K. Vaughan and drawn by Adrian Alophona, and its first issue was released in 2003. Vaughan has made his commitment to diversity and allyship core to his writing, and so he included the character Karolina Dean as a lesbian. Sadly, representation was pretty limited in 2003 and this was initially only hinted at. However, Karolina would later enter into a same-sex relationship with her teammate Nico. While modern readers might not think much of this, it was a huge deal at the time." Joshua Yehl of IGN said, "Finding out you are an alien and running away from your super villain parents is hard enough, but teenager Karolina Dean also had to deal with her intimate feelings toward fellow teammate Nico. Throughout the first volume of Runaways, Kar was mainly trying to come to grips with how her being an alien made her the outsider of the team, but there were also subtle hints of her attraction to Nico. She even went so far as to act suicidal by offering up her life to a vampire. With time, she eventually overcame her insecurities and came out to Nico by trying to kiss her. Nico rejected Kar, which led to a relapse of insecurity, this time about her homosexuality. The girl can’t catch a break! Kar wouldn’t be the first gay person to develop feelings for a straight friend, and that’s what makes writer Brian K. Vaughan and artist Adrian Alphona’s depiction of her so authentic. The reader watches her struggle with her feelings, spiral downward into self-destruction, and rise back up by expressing herself only to hit a new low afterward. Coming out is not an easy one-time event, but a long, emotional process that doesn’t always turn out as planned. While Kar did not get the reaction she wanted from Nico, she made the same awkward coming out mistakes that countless others have, making this alien girl feel all the more human." Vanessa Friedman of Autostraddle called Karolina one of the "female heroines who have positively impacted our brains and our world," stating, "Karolina is a glowing, flying teenage daughter of alien supervillains who’s the emotional center of her team. Xavin is her shapeshifting Super-Skrull fiancée who’s one of the few transgender characters in all of comics. Together they form one of the best queer couples in recent comics, showing not only that you can have three-dimensional queer characters, but also that gender isn’t a simple, straightforward binary. These two are able to not only overcome their supervillian legacies, but also the racism and homophobia that they face for being an interracial lesbian couple."

Paragraph 25: In 1996, the Battery deployed on Op RESOLUTE to Bosnia as part of the NATO lead IFOR. Initially, B Battery were to be based in Baraci but due to reductions in theatre, it was decided that three gun batteries were not required at that location. The Battery was teamed up with L (Nery) Battery to form B/L Battery and was based in Glamoc. From here, the Battery conducted deployments with its Troop of guns through Multi National Division South West. After a successful tour, B Battery returned to the UK in January 1997. Following a period of leave, B Battery then started pre-BATUS training, again joining forces with L Battery to support 1st RWF Battle Group. Just prior to deploying, the Battery took the lead in supplying manpower to the Royal Tournament at Earls Court, London, the largest military tattoo in the world at the time. This had members of the Battery assisting in a variety of jobs from taking part in the show to the necessary backroom work. 1988 saw B Battery deploy again to Glamoc, Bosnia, this time as part of SFOR. When the Battery returned in January, 1999, little did they realise that by June the same year the TAC Group would find itself spearheading the advance of the NATO force into Kosovo. The TAC Group saw at first hand the destruction that the Serbs had tried to inflict on the local population during the conflict. The TAC Group returned to Tidworth in September. In 2000, the Battery deployed on Exercise GRAND PRIX in Kenya to support the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders. Here, the Battery was equipped with the 105mm Light Gun. The Battery had an extremely good exercise and conducted some great infantry training as well as firing the guns. On return from Kenya, the Battery made it to the final of the RA Inter-Battery football against 132 Bty and won 6–0. Once again, the Balkans reared its head and this time Sahagun Troop deployed with L/N Bty to Kosovo and Downman's Troop to Sanski Most with Chestnut Troop. 2001 saw B Battery training up to support the King's Royal Hussars on Exercise IRON ANVIL in BATUS as part of 19 Regiment RA in support of 12th Mechanised Brigade. On return to the UK, the Battery commenced a build-up to deploy back to the Balkans as the UK Artillery Battery based in Sipovo. B Battery was the last Gunner unit, in role, in the Balkans. Back in the UK, the Battery immediately re-rolled to provide cover for the National Fireman's strike. The Regiment deployed to Cheshire and the Battery initially covered Warrington, Runcorn and Widnes. This commitment lasted intermittently between October 2002 and March 2003. The Battery also conducted a Brigade level exercise in BATUS with the Regiment before being warned off for Operation TELIC 4.

Paragraph 26: After the council was dissolved, Cesarini was sent as papal legate to Hungary (1442) by Pope Eugenius IV to solve a political crisis that arose after the death of King Albert of Hungary (from the House of Habsburg) in 1439. The widow, Queen Elisabeth of Luxembourg, was left alone with her newborn son, who was crowned as Ladislaus V of Hungary. However, the Turkish wars represented a serious danger to the Kingdom, and the noblemen summoned the young King Władysław of Poland and crowned him as Hungarian King, making him promise that he would defend the state against the Ottomans. On 13 December 1442 Cesarini made the two parties reach an agreement in the city of Győr, where the rights of the baby Ladislas were recognized in the presence of the new King, without endangering the power of the other. After this, Cesarini became the confidant of King Władysław, and in 1443 went to Vienna as his ambassador to the court of Frederick III. Soon he became one of the principal planners of a new crusade against the Ottomans, who had begun to invade Europe. In June 1444, the Hungarian King signed a peace treaty (Peace of Szeged) with the Turkish sultan Murad II that would last for 10 years, but seeing this as a mistake and considering the moment and the circumstances appropriate for a new war, Cesarini insisted that the Hungarian King Władysław should break the treaty. This occurred in September of the same year, when they all marched to the Balkans in a new campaign. It was an unfortunate step and resulted in the disastrous defeat of the papal army at Varna (in eastern Bulgaria) on 10 November 1444, when Cardinal Giuliano Cesarini was slain in the fight. In a letter to the Duke of Milan, his friend Aeneas Sylvius Piccolomini tells of reports that, having escaped the fray, though wounded and bleeding, Cesarini was set upon by a band of Hungarians who, in the confusion of defeat, robbed and killed him. "Wounded in the battle, and fainting in his flight through loss of blood, he was slain near a marsh by the impious hands of the Hungarians, not at the instigation of the nobility, but through the rage of the populace; and thus breathed forth that glorious spirit which once with its sweet discourse swayed at will the assembled fathers at Basle"

Paragraph 27: After the council was dissolved, Cesarini was sent as papal legate to Hungary (1442) by Pope Eugenius IV to solve a political crisis that arose after the death of King Albert of Hungary (from the House of Habsburg) in 1439. The widow, Queen Elisabeth of Luxembourg, was left alone with her newborn son, who was crowned as Ladislaus V of Hungary. However, the Turkish wars represented a serious danger to the Kingdom, and the noblemen summoned the young King Władysław of Poland and crowned him as Hungarian King, making him promise that he would defend the state against the Ottomans. On 13 December 1442 Cesarini made the two parties reach an agreement in the city of Győr, where the rights of the baby Ladislas were recognized in the presence of the new King, without endangering the power of the other. After this, Cesarini became the confidant of King Władysław, and in 1443 went to Vienna as his ambassador to the court of Frederick III. Soon he became one of the principal planners of a new crusade against the Ottomans, who had begun to invade Europe. In June 1444, the Hungarian King signed a peace treaty (Peace of Szeged) with the Turkish sultan Murad II that would last for 10 years, but seeing this as a mistake and considering the moment and the circumstances appropriate for a new war, Cesarini insisted that the Hungarian King Władysław should break the treaty. This occurred in September of the same year, when they all marched to the Balkans in a new campaign. It was an unfortunate step and resulted in the disastrous defeat of the papal army at Varna (in eastern Bulgaria) on 10 November 1444, when Cardinal Giuliano Cesarini was slain in the fight. In a letter to the Duke of Milan, his friend Aeneas Sylvius Piccolomini tells of reports that, having escaped the fray, though wounded and bleeding, Cesarini was set upon by a band of Hungarians who, in the confusion of defeat, robbed and killed him. "Wounded in the battle, and fainting in his flight through loss of blood, he was slain near a marsh by the impious hands of the Hungarians, not at the instigation of the nobility, but through the rage of the populace; and thus breathed forth that glorious spirit which once with its sweet discourse swayed at will the assembled fathers at Basle"