Paragraph 1: The Rebbe's extravagant lifestyle and prestige aroused the envy of Tsar Nicholas I and the ire of the Jewish maskilim (members of the Jewish Enlightenment movement); the latter continually plotted to bring about the Rebbe's downfall. In 1838, at the height of a two-year investigation of the murder of two Jewish informers, the Rebbe was arrested by the governor-general of Berdichev on the accusation of complicity in the murders. He was brought before the Tsar, whose own agents told him that the Rebbe was trying to establish his own kingdom and was fomenting opposition to the government. The Tsar had the Rebbe jailed in Donevitz for seven months, and then placed in solitary confinement in prison in Kiev for fifteen months, pending a decision on exiling him to the Caucasus or Siberia. No formal charges were ever filed against him, and no trial was ever held. On 19 February 1840 (Shushan Purim 5600), the Rebbe was suddenly released. But he was still subject to the allegation of opposing the government, and was placed under police surveillance at his home, which made it increasingly difficult for his Hasidim to visit him. The Rebbe decided to move to Kishinev, where the district authority was more lenient, and his family joined him. When his Hasidim found out through inside sources that the Tsar was going ahead with his plan to exile the Rebbe for his attempts to create a "Jewish kingdom", they bribed the governor of Kishinev to provide the Rebbe with an exit visa to Moldavia. Just as the Rebbe was leaving Kishinev, the government orders for his arrest and deportation arrived. When the Rebbe reached Iaşi, capital of Moldavia, his Hasidim obtained for him a travel pass to cross the border into Austria. His plight became an international cause célèbre, with Hasidim and non-Hasidim throughout Eastern Europe petitioning government officials and even priests to save the Rebbe from extradition and exile.

Paragraph 2: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 3: Males and females have the upperside white, with the veins more or less black, but the ground colour in many specimens are so densely overlaid by black scales over nearly the whole surface of both forewings and hindwings as to leave only a subterminal series of more or less rectangular spots of the white ground colour apparent on each wing, those on the hindwing are the largest and are inwardly acutely emarginate. In addition, there is a large ill-defined black patch on the discocellulars of the forewing and a small spot of the same colour generally on the discocellulars of the hindwing. Cilia of both wings black. In nearly all specimens the discoidal cells of the wings are greyish, and on the forewing there are anterior discal, elongate, greyish spots beyond the apex of the discoidal cell. A few specimens, generally females, are much lighter in colour. In these the irroration of black scales is sparse and allows much of the white ground colour to show through; the discocellulars of the forewing, however, are marked by a large black patch as in the darker individuals; and both forewings and hindwings bear postdiscal, irregular, transverse black bands; that on the forewing bisinuate, sometimes not extended below vein 2; that on the hindwing not reaching the dorsal margin, curved, and formed of somewhat ill-defined, irregular, conjoined, outwardly acute, arrow-shaped black spots. Underside: white, the veins on both wings very broadly black edged; apex of forewing very slightly, the whole surface of the hindwing more strongly suffused with yellow; the forewing sometimes clouded posteriorly with black scaling; both forewing and hindwings with postdiscal transverse black bands as on the upperside but broader; the base of the hindwing above vein 8 chrome yellow. Antennae black, the club ochraceous at apex; head and thorax clothed with fine dusky greyish-black hairs; abdomen black above, beneath greyish white.

Paragraph 4: After allegedly discovering several acts of misappropriation of funds involving the bands' royalties and talent fees, then Rivermaya band members announced that the band had parted ways with their longtime manager Lizza G. Nakpil on October 29, 2008. She was charged with the crime of estafa, sued for damages, and the court issued a Writ of Preliminary Injunction forbidding further contact with Rivermaya. Also in October 2008, longtime member Mark Escueta filed his own application at the Intellectual Property Office (IPO), solely in his name for Rivermaya but was rejected by the IPO. In August 2009, a decision of the IPO confirmed that the "Rivermaya" name ownership of the trademark belongs to Nakpil. However, in October of the same year, Escueta was granted with a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) issued by the Regional Trial Court of Lucena City. The TRO prevents Nakpil from claiming sole ownership of the "Rivermaya" band name while the case and appeal issued by both parties are still being studied by the court, thus allowing Escueta to continue using the band name regardless of the IPO decision as there was no Entry of Judgment/Execution that has been issued. On November 15, 2012, the Bureau of Legal Affairs of the Intellectual Property Office posted a notice of order stating that Nakpil had come to an agreement with the band members to withdraw her pending application for registration of the name Rivermaya and not to hinder the application of the aforementioned name filed by Escueta.

Paragraph 5: Males and females have the upperside white, with the veins more or less black, but the ground colour in many specimens are so densely overlaid by black scales over nearly the whole surface of both forewings and hindwings as to leave only a subterminal series of more or less rectangular spots of the white ground colour apparent on each wing, those on the hindwing are the largest and are inwardly acutely emarginate. In addition, there is a large ill-defined black patch on the discocellulars of the forewing and a small spot of the same colour generally on the discocellulars of the hindwing. Cilia of both wings black. In nearly all specimens the discoidal cells of the wings are greyish, and on the forewing there are anterior discal, elongate, greyish spots beyond the apex of the discoidal cell. A few specimens, generally females, are much lighter in colour. In these the irroration of black scales is sparse and allows much of the white ground colour to show through; the discocellulars of the forewing, however, are marked by a large black patch as in the darker individuals; and both forewings and hindwings bear postdiscal, irregular, transverse black bands; that on the forewing bisinuate, sometimes not extended below vein 2; that on the hindwing not reaching the dorsal margin, curved, and formed of somewhat ill-defined, irregular, conjoined, outwardly acute, arrow-shaped black spots. Underside: white, the veins on both wings very broadly black edged; apex of forewing very slightly, the whole surface of the hindwing more strongly suffused with yellow; the forewing sometimes clouded posteriorly with black scaling; both forewing and hindwings with postdiscal transverse black bands as on the upperside but broader; the base of the hindwing above vein 8 chrome yellow. Antennae black, the club ochraceous at apex; head and thorax clothed with fine dusky greyish-black hairs; abdomen black above, beneath greyish white.

Paragraph 6: After allegedly discovering several acts of misappropriation of funds involving the bands' royalties and talent fees, then Rivermaya band members announced that the band had parted ways with their longtime manager Lizza G. Nakpil on October 29, 2008. She was charged with the crime of estafa, sued for damages, and the court issued a Writ of Preliminary Injunction forbidding further contact with Rivermaya. Also in October 2008, longtime member Mark Escueta filed his own application at the Intellectual Property Office (IPO), solely in his name for Rivermaya but was rejected by the IPO. In August 2009, a decision of the IPO confirmed that the "Rivermaya" name ownership of the trademark belongs to Nakpil. However, in October of the same year, Escueta was granted with a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) issued by the Regional Trial Court of Lucena City. The TRO prevents Nakpil from claiming sole ownership of the "Rivermaya" band name while the case and appeal issued by both parties are still being studied by the court, thus allowing Escueta to continue using the band name regardless of the IPO decision as there was no Entry of Judgment/Execution that has been issued. On November 15, 2012, the Bureau of Legal Affairs of the Intellectual Property Office posted a notice of order stating that Nakpil had come to an agreement with the band members to withdraw her pending application for registration of the name Rivermaya and not to hinder the application of the aforementioned name filed by Escueta.

Paragraph 7: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 8: The Rebbe's extravagant lifestyle and prestige aroused the envy of Tsar Nicholas I and the ire of the Jewish maskilim (members of the Jewish Enlightenment movement); the latter continually plotted to bring about the Rebbe's downfall. In 1838, at the height of a two-year investigation of the murder of two Jewish informers, the Rebbe was arrested by the governor-general of Berdichev on the accusation of complicity in the murders. He was brought before the Tsar, whose own agents told him that the Rebbe was trying to establish his own kingdom and was fomenting opposition to the government. The Tsar had the Rebbe jailed in Donevitz for seven months, and then placed in solitary confinement in prison in Kiev for fifteen months, pending a decision on exiling him to the Caucasus or Siberia. No formal charges were ever filed against him, and no trial was ever held. On 19 February 1840 (Shushan Purim 5600), the Rebbe was suddenly released. But he was still subject to the allegation of opposing the government, and was placed under police surveillance at his home, which made it increasingly difficult for his Hasidim to visit him. The Rebbe decided to move to Kishinev, where the district authority was more lenient, and his family joined him. When his Hasidim found out through inside sources that the Tsar was going ahead with his plan to exile the Rebbe for his attempts to create a "Jewish kingdom", they bribed the governor of Kishinev to provide the Rebbe with an exit visa to Moldavia. Just as the Rebbe was leaving Kishinev, the government orders for his arrest and deportation arrived. When the Rebbe reached Iaşi, capital of Moldavia, his Hasidim obtained for him a travel pass to cross the border into Austria. His plight became an international cause célèbre, with Hasidim and non-Hasidim throughout Eastern Europe petitioning government officials and even priests to save the Rebbe from extradition and exile.

Paragraph 9: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 10: Males and females have the upperside white, with the veins more or less black, but the ground colour in many specimens are so densely overlaid by black scales over nearly the whole surface of both forewings and hindwings as to leave only a subterminal series of more or less rectangular spots of the white ground colour apparent on each wing, those on the hindwing are the largest and are inwardly acutely emarginate. In addition, there is a large ill-defined black patch on the discocellulars of the forewing and a small spot of the same colour generally on the discocellulars of the hindwing. Cilia of both wings black. In nearly all specimens the discoidal cells of the wings are greyish, and on the forewing there are anterior discal, elongate, greyish spots beyond the apex of the discoidal cell. A few specimens, generally females, are much lighter in colour. In these the irroration of black scales is sparse and allows much of the white ground colour to show through; the discocellulars of the forewing, however, are marked by a large black patch as in the darker individuals; and both forewings and hindwings bear postdiscal, irregular, transverse black bands; that on the forewing bisinuate, sometimes not extended below vein 2; that on the hindwing not reaching the dorsal margin, curved, and formed of somewhat ill-defined, irregular, conjoined, outwardly acute, arrow-shaped black spots. Underside: white, the veins on both wings very broadly black edged; apex of forewing very slightly, the whole surface of the hindwing more strongly suffused with yellow; the forewing sometimes clouded posteriorly with black scaling; both forewing and hindwings with postdiscal transverse black bands as on the upperside but broader; the base of the hindwing above vein 8 chrome yellow. Antennae black, the club ochraceous at apex; head and thorax clothed with fine dusky greyish-black hairs; abdomen black above, beneath greyish white.

Paragraph 11: The Rebbe's extravagant lifestyle and prestige aroused the envy of Tsar Nicholas I and the ire of the Jewish maskilim (members of the Jewish Enlightenment movement); the latter continually plotted to bring about the Rebbe's downfall. In 1838, at the height of a two-year investigation of the murder of two Jewish informers, the Rebbe was arrested by the governor-general of Berdichev on the accusation of complicity in the murders. He was brought before the Tsar, whose own agents told him that the Rebbe was trying to establish his own kingdom and was fomenting opposition to the government. The Tsar had the Rebbe jailed in Donevitz for seven months, and then placed in solitary confinement in prison in Kiev for fifteen months, pending a decision on exiling him to the Caucasus or Siberia. No formal charges were ever filed against him, and no trial was ever held. On 19 February 1840 (Shushan Purim 5600), the Rebbe was suddenly released. But he was still subject to the allegation of opposing the government, and was placed under police surveillance at his home, which made it increasingly difficult for his Hasidim to visit him. The Rebbe decided to move to Kishinev, where the district authority was more lenient, and his family joined him. When his Hasidim found out through inside sources that the Tsar was going ahead with his plan to exile the Rebbe for his attempts to create a "Jewish kingdom", they bribed the governor of Kishinev to provide the Rebbe with an exit visa to Moldavia. Just as the Rebbe was leaving Kishinev, the government orders for his arrest and deportation arrived. When the Rebbe reached Iaşi, capital of Moldavia, his Hasidim obtained for him a travel pass to cross the border into Austria. His plight became an international cause célèbre, with Hasidim and non-Hasidim throughout Eastern Europe petitioning government officials and even priests to save the Rebbe from extradition and exile.

Paragraph 12: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 13: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 14: The Rebbe's extravagant lifestyle and prestige aroused the envy of Tsar Nicholas I and the ire of the Jewish maskilim (members of the Jewish Enlightenment movement); the latter continually plotted to bring about the Rebbe's downfall. In 1838, at the height of a two-year investigation of the murder of two Jewish informers, the Rebbe was arrested by the governor-general of Berdichev on the accusation of complicity in the murders. He was brought before the Tsar, whose own agents told him that the Rebbe was trying to establish his own kingdom and was fomenting opposition to the government. The Tsar had the Rebbe jailed in Donevitz for seven months, and then placed in solitary confinement in prison in Kiev for fifteen months, pending a decision on exiling him to the Caucasus or Siberia. No formal charges were ever filed against him, and no trial was ever held. On 19 February 1840 (Shushan Purim 5600), the Rebbe was suddenly released. But he was still subject to the allegation of opposing the government, and was placed under police surveillance at his home, which made it increasingly difficult for his Hasidim to visit him. The Rebbe decided to move to Kishinev, where the district authority was more lenient, and his family joined him. When his Hasidim found out through inside sources that the Tsar was going ahead with his plan to exile the Rebbe for his attempts to create a "Jewish kingdom", they bribed the governor of Kishinev to provide the Rebbe with an exit visa to Moldavia. Just as the Rebbe was leaving Kishinev, the government orders for his arrest and deportation arrived. When the Rebbe reached Iaşi, capital of Moldavia, his Hasidim obtained for him a travel pass to cross the border into Austria. His plight became an international cause célèbre, with Hasidim and non-Hasidim throughout Eastern Europe petitioning government officials and even priests to save the Rebbe from extradition and exile.

Paragraph 15: Hyper-Actives #04 takes place an unknown number of days after the convention and mostly in the Hypersphere. A black political pundit, referred to as a "mayor", is shown in a televised interview as criticizing the existence of the new Silverwing. He demands to know what happened to the previous one (who was black) and cites an overall shortage of black superheroes. (The "Mayor" is an obvious pastiche of New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, who once referred to New Orleans as a "chocolate city." The "Mayor" character refers to Silverwing as being a "chocolate superhero.") Rush attempts to use this interview as leverage to get a consensus from the rest of the team that they should kick Silverwing. The team does not want to, feeling good about their Ultimato victory. Wereclaw then flips the channel and shows that the footage of the argument Rush had with Silverwing outside the convention has actually been receiving more airtime than the pundit. Not having achieved the consensus he desired, Rush confronts Silverwing (who is in Eddie Ellison form) and demands that he pack up and leave, calling him a "ped" a number of times. Silverwing then gives Rush the etymology of the term, which is short for pedestrian, and defines it as "someone who travels on foot." As Rush is a superspeed runner, he is enraged by this and goes on a miniature megolomaniacal rant, declaring himself to be "the modern Mercury, the god of speed" and also manages to refer to Silverwing as "uppity." Silverwing then informs Rush that Mercury wasn't the god of anything, but rather the messenger of the gods and "had a paper route." (Rush demonstrated in the first issue that he abhorred the idea of having to work for a newspaper when it was suggested that his father, Alphaman, would make him take such a job if he didn't keep up on current events.) Rush zooms out of Silverwing's room in frustration and confronts Alphaman, demanding that Silverwing be removed from the team. Rush doesn't notice that Alphaman is holding a strange device in his hand. Alphaman attacks Rush, blasting at him with his laservision. Rush escapes death by vibrating, but the Hypersphere is partially destroyed by the attack. By the time the rest of the team is on the scene, Alphaman has flown off. Boy Genius identifies the device Alphaman was holding as having been constructed by Doktor Uberkoff (leader of the Uberforce). Uberkoff's attack on the sphere in issue one was a diversion in order to plant the device, which has bent Alphaman to his will. Silverwing concludes that Uberkoff was counting on the team's self-absorbed attitude to conceal the true nature of his attack. The team (minus Rush) then intercepts Alphaman and attempts to stop him from joining Uberkoff, while Rush speeds to the prison where Uberkoff is being held in order to somehow break his control over Alphaman. Rush narrowly reaches Uberkoff in time, having had to fight his way through Uberforce first to get to him. The issue ends with Silverwing in Alphaman's office and Alphaman confiding to Silverwing that he intends for Silverwing to be the team's leader.

Paragraph 16: After allegedly discovering several acts of misappropriation of funds involving the bands' royalties and talent fees, then Rivermaya band members announced that the band had parted ways with their longtime manager Lizza G. Nakpil on October 29, 2008. She was charged with the crime of estafa, sued for damages, and the court issued a Writ of Preliminary Injunction forbidding further contact with Rivermaya. Also in October 2008, longtime member Mark Escueta filed his own application at the Intellectual Property Office (IPO), solely in his name for Rivermaya but was rejected by the IPO. In August 2009, a decision of the IPO confirmed that the "Rivermaya" name ownership of the trademark belongs to Nakpil. However, in October of the same year, Escueta was granted with a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) issued by the Regional Trial Court of Lucena City. The TRO prevents Nakpil from claiming sole ownership of the "Rivermaya" band name while the case and appeal issued by both parties are still being studied by the court, thus allowing Escueta to continue using the band name regardless of the IPO decision as there was no Entry of Judgment/Execution that has been issued. On November 15, 2012, the Bureau of Legal Affairs of the Intellectual Property Office posted a notice of order stating that Nakpil had come to an agreement with the band members to withdraw her pending application for registration of the name Rivermaya and not to hinder the application of the aforementioned name filed by Escueta.

Paragraph 17: Males and females have the upperside white, with the veins more or less black, but the ground colour in many specimens are so densely overlaid by black scales over nearly the whole surface of both forewings and hindwings as to leave only a subterminal series of more or less rectangular spots of the white ground colour apparent on each wing, those on the hindwing are the largest and are inwardly acutely emarginate. In addition, there is a large ill-defined black patch on the discocellulars of the forewing and a small spot of the same colour generally on the discocellulars of the hindwing. Cilia of both wings black. In nearly all specimens the discoidal cells of the wings are greyish, and on the forewing there are anterior discal, elongate, greyish spots beyond the apex of the discoidal cell. A few specimens, generally females, are much lighter in colour. In these the irroration of black scales is sparse and allows much of the white ground colour to show through; the discocellulars of the forewing, however, are marked by a large black patch as in the darker individuals; and both forewings and hindwings bear postdiscal, irregular, transverse black bands; that on the forewing bisinuate, sometimes not extended below vein 2; that on the hindwing not reaching the dorsal margin, curved, and formed of somewhat ill-defined, irregular, conjoined, outwardly acute, arrow-shaped black spots. Underside: white, the veins on both wings very broadly black edged; apex of forewing very slightly, the whole surface of the hindwing more strongly suffused with yellow; the forewing sometimes clouded posteriorly with black scaling; both forewing and hindwings with postdiscal transverse black bands as on the upperside but broader; the base of the hindwing above vein 8 chrome yellow. Antennae black, the club ochraceous at apex; head and thorax clothed with fine dusky greyish-black hairs; abdomen black above, beneath greyish white.

Paragraph 18: Males and females have the upperside white, with the veins more or less black, but the ground colour in many specimens are so densely overlaid by black scales over nearly the whole surface of both forewings and hindwings as to leave only a subterminal series of more or less rectangular spots of the white ground colour apparent on each wing, those on the hindwing are the largest and are inwardly acutely emarginate. In addition, there is a large ill-defined black patch on the discocellulars of the forewing and a small spot of the same colour generally on the discocellulars of the hindwing. Cilia of both wings black. In nearly all specimens the discoidal cells of the wings are greyish, and on the forewing there are anterior discal, elongate, greyish spots beyond the apex of the discoidal cell. A few specimens, generally females, are much lighter in colour. In these the irroration of black scales is sparse and allows much of the white ground colour to show through; the discocellulars of the forewing, however, are marked by a large black patch as in the darker individuals; and both forewings and hindwings bear postdiscal, irregular, transverse black bands; that on the forewing bisinuate, sometimes not extended below vein 2; that on the hindwing not reaching the dorsal margin, curved, and formed of somewhat ill-defined, irregular, conjoined, outwardly acute, arrow-shaped black spots. Underside: white, the veins on both wings very broadly black edged; apex of forewing very slightly, the whole surface of the hindwing more strongly suffused with yellow; the forewing sometimes clouded posteriorly with black scaling; both forewing and hindwings with postdiscal transverse black bands as on the upperside but broader; the base of the hindwing above vein 8 chrome yellow. Antennae black, the club ochraceous at apex; head and thorax clothed with fine dusky greyish-black hairs; abdomen black above, beneath greyish white.

Paragraph 19: Hyper-Actives #04 takes place an unknown number of days after the convention and mostly in the Hypersphere. A black political pundit, referred to as a "mayor", is shown in a televised interview as criticizing the existence of the new Silverwing. He demands to know what happened to the previous one (who was black) and cites an overall shortage of black superheroes. (The "Mayor" is an obvious pastiche of New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, who once referred to New Orleans as a "chocolate city." The "Mayor" character refers to Silverwing as being a "chocolate superhero.") Rush attempts to use this interview as leverage to get a consensus from the rest of the team that they should kick Silverwing. The team does not want to, feeling good about their Ultimato victory. Wereclaw then flips the channel and shows that the footage of the argument Rush had with Silverwing outside the convention has actually been receiving more airtime than the pundit. Not having achieved the consensus he desired, Rush confronts Silverwing (who is in Eddie Ellison form) and demands that he pack up and leave, calling him a "ped" a number of times. Silverwing then gives Rush the etymology of the term, which is short for pedestrian, and defines it as "someone who travels on foot." As Rush is a superspeed runner, he is enraged by this and goes on a miniature megolomaniacal rant, declaring himself to be "the modern Mercury, the god of speed" and also manages to refer to Silverwing as "uppity." Silverwing then informs Rush that Mercury wasn't the god of anything, but rather the messenger of the gods and "had a paper route." (Rush demonstrated in the first issue that he abhorred the idea of having to work for a newspaper when it was suggested that his father, Alphaman, would make him take such a job if he didn't keep up on current events.) Rush zooms out of Silverwing's room in frustration and confronts Alphaman, demanding that Silverwing be removed from the team. Rush doesn't notice that Alphaman is holding a strange device in his hand. Alphaman attacks Rush, blasting at him with his laservision. Rush escapes death by vibrating, but the Hypersphere is partially destroyed by the attack. By the time the rest of the team is on the scene, Alphaman has flown off. Boy Genius identifies the device Alphaman was holding as having been constructed by Doktor Uberkoff (leader of the Uberforce). Uberkoff's attack on the sphere in issue one was a diversion in order to plant the device, which has bent Alphaman to his will. Silverwing concludes that Uberkoff was counting on the team's self-absorbed attitude to conceal the true nature of his attack. The team (minus Rush) then intercepts Alphaman and attempts to stop him from joining Uberkoff, while Rush speeds to the prison where Uberkoff is being held in order to somehow break his control over Alphaman. Rush narrowly reaches Uberkoff in time, having had to fight his way through Uberforce first to get to him. The issue ends with Silverwing in Alphaman's office and Alphaman confiding to Silverwing that he intends for Silverwing to be the team's leader.

Paragraph 20: After allegedly discovering several acts of misappropriation of funds involving the bands' royalties and talent fees, then Rivermaya band members announced that the band had parted ways with their longtime manager Lizza G. Nakpil on October 29, 2008. She was charged with the crime of estafa, sued for damages, and the court issued a Writ of Preliminary Injunction forbidding further contact with Rivermaya. Also in October 2008, longtime member Mark Escueta filed his own application at the Intellectual Property Office (IPO), solely in his name for Rivermaya but was rejected by the IPO. In August 2009, a decision of the IPO confirmed that the "Rivermaya" name ownership of the trademark belongs to Nakpil. However, in October of the same year, Escueta was granted with a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) issued by the Regional Trial Court of Lucena City. The TRO prevents Nakpil from claiming sole ownership of the "Rivermaya" band name while the case and appeal issued by both parties are still being studied by the court, thus allowing Escueta to continue using the band name regardless of the IPO decision as there was no Entry of Judgment/Execution that has been issued. On November 15, 2012, the Bureau of Legal Affairs of the Intellectual Property Office posted a notice of order stating that Nakpil had come to an agreement with the band members to withdraw her pending application for registration of the name Rivermaya and not to hinder the application of the aforementioned name filed by Escueta.

Paragraph 21: Slaveholders, slaves and freed slaves of West and Central African descent were the most watched people in the societies of New Spain, the explanations differ but there is the repetitive correlation between status, family and economic stability that women during this time endured. West and Central African slaves were still prominent in Spanish colonies, however, a rise in societal class was forming: free wealthy West and Central African women, who owned slaves themselves. As status and elegance were a major definer in the Spanish culture, it became apparent what was setting these West  and Central African-descent people apart was how they dressed as opposed to the elegance in fabrics, jewels and other prestige items. Freedom becomes more popular for those descended people, forcing them to figure out how to take care of their families' needs from an economical standpoint and statues was a primary factor in their drive towards wealth. Polonia de Ribas was one of many other famous West and Central African-descended slave-owning women, who challenged the predetermined gender roles of men in the family realm and for free women who were not supposed to obtain these luxuries post-freedom. As a result of the trading that was happening from the Atlantic slave trade, many women took the opportunity to purchase slaves to set up their financial stability but in Polonia's case, she was gifted two slaves following her manumission which helped her immensely. Slaves were easily the most expensive item to purchase during that time, not the equipment or the plantation but the slaves, so imagine how financially detrimental it was if one of their slaves would die. It was said that many women used politics in their slave-owning practices but Polonia's additional financial investments helped further her success in her life and other West and Central African-descent slaveowners. Financial investments like working or owning inns since these Spanish colonies were centred around trade, and loaning money to neighbors but she always kept an official notarial account which accounted for all loans and debts; this is important for historians' research. The women often profited from the doweries that were given to them through the marriage of their husbands, this was another way in which women would be set up with economical status while ensuring a life provided. Slave-owning by women of West and Central African -descent was said to be just a way of supporting their families when no husband was present but it could also have something to do with the lust and the want to be a part of this society that has oppressed them constantly.

Paragraph 22: The Rebbe's extravagant lifestyle and prestige aroused the envy of Tsar Nicholas I and the ire of the Jewish maskilim (members of the Jewish Enlightenment movement); the latter continually plotted to bring about the Rebbe's downfall. In 1838, at the height of a two-year investigation of the murder of two Jewish informers, the Rebbe was arrested by the governor-general of Berdichev on the accusation of complicity in the murders. He was brought before the Tsar, whose own agents told him that the Rebbe was trying to establish his own kingdom and was fomenting opposition to the government. The Tsar had the Rebbe jailed in Donevitz for seven months, and then placed in solitary confinement in prison in Kiev for fifteen months, pending a decision on exiling him to the Caucasus or Siberia. No formal charges were ever filed against him, and no trial was ever held. On 19 February 1840 (Shushan Purim 5600), the Rebbe was suddenly released. But he was still subject to the allegation of opposing the government, and was placed under police surveillance at his home, which made it increasingly difficult for his Hasidim to visit him. The Rebbe decided to move to Kishinev, where the district authority was more lenient, and his family joined him. When his Hasidim found out through inside sources that the Tsar was going ahead with his plan to exile the Rebbe for his attempts to create a "Jewish kingdom", they bribed the governor of Kishinev to provide the Rebbe with an exit visa to Moldavia. Just as the Rebbe was leaving Kishinev, the government orders for his arrest and deportation arrived. When the Rebbe reached Iaşi, capital of Moldavia, his Hasidim obtained for him a travel pass to cross the border into Austria. His plight became an international cause célèbre, with Hasidim and non-Hasidim throughout Eastern Europe petitioning government officials and even priests to save the Rebbe from extradition and exile.

Paragraph 23: Hyper-Actives #04 takes place an unknown number of days after the convention and mostly in the Hypersphere. A black political pundit, referred to as a "mayor", is shown in a televised interview as criticizing the existence of the new Silverwing. He demands to know what happened to the previous one (who was black) and cites an overall shortage of black superheroes. (The "Mayor" is an obvious pastiche of New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, who once referred to New Orleans as a "chocolate city." The "Mayor" character refers to Silverwing as being a "chocolate superhero.") Rush attempts to use this interview as leverage to get a consensus from the rest of the team that they should kick Silverwing. The team does not want to, feeling good about their Ultimato victory. Wereclaw then flips the channel and shows that the footage of the argument Rush had with Silverwing outside the convention has actually been receiving more airtime than the pundit. Not having achieved the consensus he desired, Rush confronts Silverwing (who is in Eddie Ellison form) and demands that he pack up and leave, calling him a "ped" a number of times. Silverwing then gives Rush the etymology of the term, which is short for pedestrian, and defines it as "someone who travels on foot." As Rush is a superspeed runner, he is enraged by this and goes on a miniature megolomaniacal rant, declaring himself to be "the modern Mercury, the god of speed" and also manages to refer to Silverwing as "uppity." Silverwing then informs Rush that Mercury wasn't the god of anything, but rather the messenger of the gods and "had a paper route." (Rush demonstrated in the first issue that he abhorred the idea of having to work for a newspaper when it was suggested that his father, Alphaman, would make him take such a job if he didn't keep up on current events.) Rush zooms out of Silverwing's room in frustration and confronts Alphaman, demanding that Silverwing be removed from the team. Rush doesn't notice that Alphaman is holding a strange device in his hand. Alphaman attacks Rush, blasting at him with his laservision. Rush escapes death by vibrating, but the Hypersphere is partially destroyed by the attack. By the time the rest of the team is on the scene, Alphaman has flown off. Boy Genius identifies the device Alphaman was holding as having been constructed by Doktor Uberkoff (leader of the Uberforce). Uberkoff's attack on the sphere in issue one was a diversion in order to plant the device, which has bent Alphaman to his will. Silverwing concludes that Uberkoff was counting on the team's self-absorbed attitude to conceal the true nature of his attack. The team (minus Rush) then intercepts Alphaman and attempts to stop him from joining Uberkoff, while Rush speeds to the prison where Uberkoff is being held in order to somehow break his control over Alphaman. Rush narrowly reaches Uberkoff in time, having had to fight his way through Uberforce first to get to him. The issue ends with Silverwing in Alphaman's office and Alphaman confiding to Silverwing that he intends for Silverwing to be the team's leader.

Paragraph 24: Hyper-Actives #04 takes place an unknown number of days after the convention and mostly in the Hypersphere. A black political pundit, referred to as a "mayor", is shown in a televised interview as criticizing the existence of the new Silverwing. He demands to know what happened to the previous one (who was black) and cites an overall shortage of black superheroes. (The "Mayor" is an obvious pastiche of New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin, who once referred to New Orleans as a "chocolate city." The "Mayor" character refers to Silverwing as being a "chocolate superhero.") Rush attempts to use this interview as leverage to get a consensus from the rest of the team that they should kick Silverwing. The team does not want to, feeling good about their Ultimato victory. Wereclaw then flips the channel and shows that the footage of the argument Rush had with Silverwing outside the convention has actually been receiving more airtime than the pundit. Not having achieved the consensus he desired, Rush confronts Silverwing (who is in Eddie Ellison form) and demands that he pack up and leave, calling him a "ped" a number of times. Silverwing then gives Rush the etymology of the term, which is short for pedestrian, and defines it as "someone who travels on foot." As Rush is a superspeed runner, he is enraged by this and goes on a miniature megolomaniacal rant, declaring himself to be "the modern Mercury, the god of speed" and also manages to refer to Silverwing as "uppity." Silverwing then informs Rush that Mercury wasn't the god of anything, but rather the messenger of the gods and "had a paper route." (Rush demonstrated in the first issue that he abhorred the idea of having to work for a newspaper when it was suggested that his father, Alphaman, would make him take such a job if he didn't keep up on current events.) Rush zooms out of Silverwing's room in frustration and confronts Alphaman, demanding that Silverwing be removed from the team. Rush doesn't notice that Alphaman is holding a strange device in his hand. Alphaman attacks Rush, blasting at him with his laservision. Rush escapes death by vibrating, but the Hypersphere is partially destroyed by the attack. By the time the rest of the team is on the scene, Alphaman has flown off. Boy Genius identifies the device Alphaman was holding as having been constructed by Doktor Uberkoff (leader of the Uberforce). Uberkoff's attack on the sphere in issue one was a diversion in order to plant the device, which has bent Alphaman to his will. Silverwing concludes that Uberkoff was counting on the team's self-absorbed attitude to conceal the true nature of his attack. The team (minus Rush) then intercepts Alphaman and attempts to stop him from joining Uberkoff, while Rush speeds to the prison where Uberkoff is being held in order to somehow break his control over Alphaman. Rush narrowly reaches Uberkoff in time, having had to fight his way through Uberforce first to get to him. The issue ends with Silverwing in Alphaman's office and Alphaman confiding to Silverwing that he intends for Silverwing to be the team's leader.