Paragraph 1: In any discipline, there will always be a number of underlying philosophical predispositions in the projects of scientists. Some of these predispositions involve the nature of social knowledge itself, the nature of social reality, and the locus of human control in action. Intellectuals have disagreed about the extent to which the social sciences should mimic the methods used in the natural sciences. The founding positivists of the social sciences argued that social phenomena can and should be studied through conventional scientific methods. This position is closely allied with scientism, naturalism and physicalism; the doctrine that all phenomena are ultimately reducible to physical entities and physical laws. Opponents of naturalism, including advocates of the verstehen method, contended that there is a need for an interpretive approach to the study of human action, a technique radically different from natural science. The fundamental task for the philosophy of social science has thus been to question the extent to which positivism may be characterized as 'scientific' in relation to fundamental epistemological foundations. These debates also rage within contemporary social sciences with regard to subjectivity, objectivity, intersubjectivity and practicality in the conduct of theory and research. Philosophers of social science examine further epistemologies and methodologies, including realism, critical realism, instrumentalism, functionalism, structuralism, interpretivism, phenomenology, and post-structuralism.

Paragraph 2: Paul Verna from Billboard gave the song a positive review, writing "the lovely 'Butterfly' is classic Carey, from its gospel-kissed ballad instrumentation and choir chants to the diva's soaring, glass-shattering performance." Verna concluded, "This should not imply, however, that she is covering crusty old ground. The notable maturity in her lyrics and worldly warmth of her vocal reflect the growth that she has continually strived to attain." British magazine Music Week gave it four out of five, adding, "This is as smooth as any of her ballads, but it's in the vocals where the difference lies. No longer over-singing for the sake of it, Carey has rarely sounded more stunning." Rick Juzwiak from Slant Magazine gave the song a mixed review, but felt it was a pivotal part of Carey's vocal and musical transition. Juzwiak wrote "The agonizingly slow 'Butterfly,' with its predictably soaring chorus and if-it-comes-back-it-was-meant-to-be message, would have been ignorable tripe. Here, it's a show for the peeping. Echoes of her newly failed relationship with Mottola bounce off the gospelly song's cheap stained glass and then garble so that it sounds like some insane document of Stockholm Syndrome." He felt however, that the song was an important part of the album, "It isn't just subject matter that elevates 'Butterfly' above Carey's usual melodrama. Carey's vocal delivery and her willingness to experiment with it helped define the album, so it's only appropriate that its title track is the first of many to showcase Carey's much-debated 'whisper voice.'" Ian Hyland from Sunday Mirror gave it eight out of ten, commenting, "Flouncing around in sexy beige slips apart, ballads are what Mariah does best. And I'm more than happy to report she's still doing fine on both counts." Richard Harrington from The Washington Post complimented "Butterfly" as "a lush pop ballad that frames Carey's voice quite effectively".

Paragraph 3: By the 1800s Lambeth in London had become a centre for the production of salt glaze stoneware, and most especially after the establishment of Doulton and Watts Pottery, which later became Royal Doulton. The company was founded in 1815 when John Doulton formed a partnership with the owner, Martha Jones and foreman, John Watts, of an existing pottery in Lambeth. Initially the factory specialised in utilitarian salt glazed stoneware, similar to that produced by the Fulham factories. During the 1830s and 1840s, considerable amounts of salt-glazed sewer-pipes were produced by Doultons following Sir Edwin Chadwick's advocacy of improved sanitary conditions. Doultons were also one of the earliest manufacturers of electrical insulators, initially using salt glaze stoneware and for the electrical telegraph systems. Also, from about 1830, they started production of salt glaze stoneware vessels, which were valued for their acid resistance, for the emerging chemical industries. From the 1850s Doulton & Co.'s decorative stoneware, that was produced in association with the nearby Lambeth School of Art, enjoyed significant success at various international exhibitions, including at The Great Exhibition in 1851, Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876, and also at Chicago in 1893. Their salt glaze decorative products became known as 'Doulton Ware'. By 1890 their decorative stoneware were so successful that 350 designers and artists were employed at the Lambeth factory, including the famous George Tinworth. Doulton’s Lambeth factory closed in 1956, due largely to new clean air regulations that prohibited the production of salt glaze in the urban environment. Production, but not of salt glazing, was transferred to their factory in Burslem which had been established in 1877.

Paragraph 4: The fourth and final entry in the series featuring Drake, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, centres around him searching for the treasure of infamous pirate Henry Avery. As a child, Nate runs away from the orphanage and reunites with his older brother Sam, who explains that he has located their mother's journals. They break into the house they had been sold to where the elderly owner reveals she knew their mother, a historian who had theorised that Francis Drake had heirs. She dies of heart failure before she can call off the police, forcing Nate and Sam to flee and adopt the surname Drake. Some years before the events of Drake's Fortune, Nate and Sam, with the help of associate Rafe Adler, infiltrate a Panamanian prison where they uncover a cross depicting Saint Dismas, the good thief. They begin their escape, however Sam is shot by guards and Nate and Rafe presume him dead. Several years after Drake's Deception, Nate has retired from treasure-hunting and lives with Elena whilst working as a salvager in New Orleans. Sam, who survived and spent the intervening years alive and imprisoned, visits Nate and reveals he was broken out of prison by drug lord Hector Alcazar, who has forced him to find Avery's treasure or be killed. Nate lies to Elena he has taken a salvaging job and, together with Sam and Sully, steals another cross from an auction, bringing them into conflict with Rafe and his partner, mercenary leader Nadine Ross. The item leads the trio to Scotland, where the Drakes find a map of King's Bay in Madagascar. Nadine corners the two but they escape. At King's Bay, they learn that Avery and other pirate captains pooled all their treasure and settled with it in Libertalia. At their hotel they find Elena, upset at Nate's deception, and she leaves, but despite this, Nate refuses to abandon the search. He and Sam travel to the island where Libertalia is and discover that the treasure was moved across the island to the town of New Devon. They are soon confronted by Nadine and Rafe, who reveals that he broke Sam out of prison, Alcazar having been long dead. Rafe tries to shoot Nate, who is inadvertently knocked off a cliff and later rescued by Elena. They travel to New Devon, discovering Avery and his second in-command, Thomas Tew, killed the other founders and kept the treasure for themselves. The two locate and rescue Sam with the help of Sully and decide to escape, but Sam decides to continue the hunt. Nate follows him and finds Avery's treasure-laden ship where Sam triggers a trap that sets the ship on fire. Nadine betrays Rafe and leaves, having grown tired of the risks involved. Rafe challenges Nate to a sword fight, ending in Nate dropping a load of treasure on him. Nate rescues Sam and they are picked up by Elena and Sully. Afterwards, Sam and Sully team up together while Elena buys the salvage company, installing Nate as owner. Years later, their teenage daughter Cassie discovers evidence of the two's former treasure-hunting life, which they decide to tell her about.

Paragraph 5: In the dream, Bart is trapped at the surreal Terwilliker Institute, where the piano teacher is a madman dictator who has imprisoned non-piano-playing musicians. He built a piano so large that it requires Bart and 499 other boys (hence, 5,000 fingers) to play it. Bart's mother has become Terwilliker's hypnotized assistant and bride-to-be, and Bart must dodge the Institute's guards as he scrambles to save his mother and himself. He tries to recruit Mr. Zabladowski, who was hired to install the Institute's lavatories ahead of a vital inspection, but only after skepticism and foot-dragging is Zabladowski convinced to help. The two construct a noise-sucking contraption which ruins the mega-piano's opening concert. The enslaved boys run riot, and the "atomic" noise-sucker explodes in spectacular fashion, bringing Bart out from his dream.

Paragraph 6: King Creek was the one time name for the East Humber River and a former community on Mill Road in the Township of King. Originally settled by Christopher Stokes in 1834 and known as Stoke's Hollow, later King Creek, the community grew around his grist mill and later included a flour mill, general store, shoe shop and in 1866 a Post Office. In July 1937, a plan of subdivision was registered for Humber Trails as a summer residential district nestled in the valley around King Creek west of Mill Road. After Hurricane Hazel, in the fall of 1954, the Toronto Regional Park Authority expropriated the land creating the Humber Trails Conservation area. One street named Elmpine Trails, on the south side of the King Creek, was not expropriated as the homes were on high ground with no chance of a flood damaging the houses. Several properties on Mill Road were also not expropriated for the same reason. For approximately fifteen years the Humber Trails Conservation Area was a manicured park. However a decision was made to allow the park to become a nature preserve. Today there are few signs that streets and homes and later, a manicured park had existed in the valley, except for a few walking paths and a King Creek post office structure that was assimilated into the buildings of a private residence and working farm located on either side of Mill Road. King Township, Ontario, Canada. The area is located immediately east of Nobleton. To the east is King City.

Paragraph 7: In the dream, Bart is trapped at the surreal Terwilliker Institute, where the piano teacher is a madman dictator who has imprisoned non-piano-playing musicians. He built a piano so large that it requires Bart and 499 other boys (hence, 5,000 fingers) to play it. Bart's mother has become Terwilliker's hypnotized assistant and bride-to-be, and Bart must dodge the Institute's guards as he scrambles to save his mother and himself. He tries to recruit Mr. Zabladowski, who was hired to install the Institute's lavatories ahead of a vital inspection, but only after skepticism and foot-dragging is Zabladowski convinced to help. The two construct a noise-sucking contraption which ruins the mega-piano's opening concert. The enslaved boys run riot, and the "atomic" noise-sucker explodes in spectacular fashion, bringing Bart out from his dream.

Paragraph 8: Played by Paul Putner, Harry Hayes is the fourth member of KENT, responsible for technological development. Though previously a handsome physically spectacular specimen of a man, he was badly injured when Professor Nebulous disintegrated the Isle of Wight, having entered the unshielded control room to try and reverse the process and being badly injured in the resulting blast. He was rebuilt by the Professor and lives his life in constant agony while trundling around in a wheelchair constructed from old kitchen units, though in recent episodes the Professor has given him a new hover chair with slat grates that allow him access to everywhere he could want to go (Which just annoys Harry more as he has less to moan about now). Harry often ends up reminding everyone that while most members of KENT have minor problems, he suffers more than anyone, such as commenting that Paula was just suffering from "some minor agony". He is also afflicted by a faulty electronic voice box that plays his voice at an unbearably high volume, but Nebulous's guilt over the accident prevents him from asking Harry to turn it down. Each episode features him saying, at least once, "UNLIKE YOU, PROFESSOR, I NO LONGER HAVE THE LUXURY OF [Insert bodypart of choice here]"; so far, he has claimed to have lost his chin, mouth, nose, eyes (with his optical scanners apparently processing the information and presenting it as a pie chart for some reason), hands (he initially claimed to retain one but more recently has stated that he only has a mechanical grabber), feelings, toes (all ten, which he now keeps in a jar), both legs, upper lip (although he retains the lower one), heart, fingers, nerves, head (Although Nebulous notes that Harry retains most of his head), brain (replaced with a chip that apparently causes him headaches), back (although he does have a hunch), arse (he mentioned that he has rented one from an unidentified source), spleen, heart, eye-teeth and normal teeth. However, he does still have his inner ear, albeit with his inner ear now an outer ear located on his neck. Commonly, Harry remains at KENT HQ during the team's missions, although he has departed it on some occasions, such as when he reinvented the vacuum cleaner. Despite his betrayal of the team at the end of series one to aid Doctor Klench, Harry has been forgiven by Nebulous in series two, apparently recognising that Nebulous at least respects him as a scientist unlike Klench's contempt for him as a physical presence.

Paragraph 9: Truman was vice president under President Franklin D. Roosevelt and was thrust into the presidency following Roosevelt's death. Truman did not garner the same support as the deceased president. Democrats had controlled Congress since 1931, for 16 years, and Roosevelt had been elected to a record four terms in office. The 1946 election resulted in Republicans picking up 55 seats to win majority control. Joseph Martin, Republican of Massachusetts, became Speaker of the House, exchanging places with Sam Rayburn, Democrat of Texas, who became the new Minority Leader. The Democratic defeat was the largest since they were trounced in the 1928 pro-Republican wave that brought Herbert Hoover to power.

Paragraph 10: The New York Cosmos acquired Rigby for the 1976 season, only for him to get injured.  The Cosmos then brought in Shep Messing to replace him in goal and shipped Rigby to the Los Angeles Aztecs at the end of the season.  After three seasons in Los Angeles, Rigby returned to Philadelphia to play for the Fury.  The Fury actually acquired Rigby from the Tulsa Roughnecks who got Rigby from the Aztecs the day prior.  The Fury attempted to build on the Atoms' popularity by bringing back several fan favorites, but the team only lasted two seasons due to incompetent management.  As Rigby was moving back to Philadelphia, the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL) was beginning its first season.  The next year, the local MISL club, Philadelphia Fever, which had used a largely amateur team its first season, negotiated an associate relationship with the Fury to use several Fury players in its second season.  As a result, the Fury loaned Rigby to the Philadelphia Fever for the 1979–1980 Major Indoor Soccer League season.  In 1981, Rigby moved to the Montreal Manic for two seasons before moving to the Golden Bay Earthquakes for the 1982–1983 MISL season.  He remained with the Earthquakes for the 1983 and 1984 NASL outdoor season.  When the NASL folded after the 1984 season, Rigby was signed by the Chicago Sting on September 19, 1984, for a 15-day contract.  The Sting released him at the end of the fifteen days and the Tacoma Stars offered him a contract.  Rigby declined the offer to concentrate on his landscaping business.  In February 1985, he signed with the Stars after they again offered him a contract.   He spent most of the season as a backup to John Baretta.  At the conclusion of the season, Rigby moved back to the Earthquakes, renamed the San Jose Earthquakes.  In 1985, the Earthquakes joined with three independent west coast teams to play the Western Alliance Challenge Series.  This was the genesis of the short-lived Western Soccer Alliance/League.  Rigby shared the goal with Hunter Stern during this challenge series and retired from playing at the end of it.

Paragraph 11: On November 8, 1948, the Huaihai Campaign was about to start, so the nationalist department of defense decided to withdraw the 7th army and the 6th army from northern Jiangsu province to the nationalist military headquarters in Xuzhou.  Huang was ordered to wait for another KMT corps (44th corps) to arrive from the 9th pacification zone in Haizhou (海州) before he can travel across the Grand Canal, precious time of 2 days were wasted. He also made the crucial mistake of not securing a bridgehead on the grand canal, and the 320,000 communist soldiers of the  Eastern China Field Army under Su Yu caught up with him, and the 63rd corps under his command were wiped out of the 7th army's order of battle while trying route to cross the grand canal at Yaowan (窑湾) after finishing the rearguard duties. On the same day (November 8, 1948), as Huang continued to retreat toward Xuzhou, Communist underground members of the 3rd pacification zone suddenly revolted on the battlefield, surrendering 23,000 troops to the communist forces.  The nationalist headquarters in Xuzhou under Liu Zhi panicked and ordered the 13th army under Lieutenant General Li Mi, which was defending the east side of Xuzhou, to retreat to back to Xuzhou. Those developments allowed the communist forces to completely cut off Huang's 7th army from the rest of the nationalist forces by taking Caobaji (曹八集) and Daxujia (大许家) vacated by Li Mi's 13th army.  Chiang Kai-shek ordered the KMT 2nd army and 13th army to relieve the 7th army; But Lieutenant General Qiu Qingquan, commander of the 2nd army, was not eager to save his beleaguered colleague because of their previous feuds and feared the Communists might encircle his unit as well. Li Mi did try but his relief efforts were beaten back by the communist forces, despite the support of planes and tanks. After 15 days of brutal fighting, the 7th army was destroyed in Nianzhuang (碾庄) village, only 20 miles from Xuzhou. On the night of November 22, 1948, Huang Baitao committed suicide after he successfully broke out from his army headquarters with his deputy commander of the 25th corps, who smuggled his body and personal belongings through the communist security checkpoints.  Since Huang Baitao was one of the few KMT army commanders who chose death rather than being taken prisoner by the Communists, President Chiang Kai-shek personally arranged a state funeral for him. The Nationalist Government posthumously promoted him to four-star general and awarded him with his second Order of Blue Sky and White Sun. When the People's Liberation Army approached on Nanjing in the summer of 1949, the survivors of the 7th army transferred his remains to Taiwan.

Paragraph 12: Released as successor to Logic Pro 9 on July 16, 2013, Logic Pro X (10.0.0) included a new, single-window customizable interface, with a design in line with Final Cut Pro X, as well as new features. New tools in this release are Drummer, a virtual session player that automatically plays along with your song in a wide variety of drumming styles and techniques, and Flex Pitch, a Flex Time equivalent for pitch editing in audio recordings. Also, a new "Smart Controls" feature allows users to map parameters from an array of plugins to a single, convenient control interface. Redesigned keyboards and synths were included, together with new stomp boxes, bass amp and drum kit designers, and a chord arpeggiator. A completely rebuilt sound and loop library was introduced, along with a new Patch architecture. Logic Pro X also improved track organization by allowing users to group multiple tracks into 'folder' like categories (e.g., acoustics, synthesizers, vocals, percussion, etc.). In addition to this organization, Logic Pro X allowed individuals to trigger 'solo,' 'mute,' and 'volume' controls for each group. Further improvements were made to score editing, exporting (now compatible with MusicXML format), and this version introduced MIDI plug-in compatibility. Coinciding with the release of Logic Pro X was the release of a companion iPad app called Logic Remote, which allows wireless control of Logic Pro X, including Touch Instruments for playing and recording software instruments as well as tools for navigating, making basic edits and mixing.

Paragraph 13: The fourth and final entry in the series featuring Drake, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, centres around him searching for the treasure of infamous pirate Henry Avery. As a child, Nate runs away from the orphanage and reunites with his older brother Sam, who explains that he has located their mother's journals. They break into the house they had been sold to where the elderly owner reveals she knew their mother, a historian who had theorised that Francis Drake had heirs. She dies of heart failure before she can call off the police, forcing Nate and Sam to flee and adopt the surname Drake. Some years before the events of Drake's Fortune, Nate and Sam, with the help of associate Rafe Adler, infiltrate a Panamanian prison where they uncover a cross depicting Saint Dismas, the good thief. They begin their escape, however Sam is shot by guards and Nate and Rafe presume him dead. Several years after Drake's Deception, Nate has retired from treasure-hunting and lives with Elena whilst working as a salvager in New Orleans. Sam, who survived and spent the intervening years alive and imprisoned, visits Nate and reveals he was broken out of prison by drug lord Hector Alcazar, who has forced him to find Avery's treasure or be killed. Nate lies to Elena he has taken a salvaging job and, together with Sam and Sully, steals another cross from an auction, bringing them into conflict with Rafe and his partner, mercenary leader Nadine Ross. The item leads the trio to Scotland, where the Drakes find a map of King's Bay in Madagascar. Nadine corners the two but they escape. At King's Bay, they learn that Avery and other pirate captains pooled all their treasure and settled with it in Libertalia. At their hotel they find Elena, upset at Nate's deception, and she leaves, but despite this, Nate refuses to abandon the search. He and Sam travel to the island where Libertalia is and discover that the treasure was moved across the island to the town of New Devon. They are soon confronted by Nadine and Rafe, who reveals that he broke Sam out of prison, Alcazar having been long dead. Rafe tries to shoot Nate, who is inadvertently knocked off a cliff and later rescued by Elena. They travel to New Devon, discovering Avery and his second in-command, Thomas Tew, killed the other founders and kept the treasure for themselves. The two locate and rescue Sam with the help of Sully and decide to escape, but Sam decides to continue the hunt. Nate follows him and finds Avery's treasure-laden ship where Sam triggers a trap that sets the ship on fire. Nadine betrays Rafe and leaves, having grown tired of the risks involved. Rafe challenges Nate to a sword fight, ending in Nate dropping a load of treasure on him. Nate rescues Sam and they are picked up by Elena and Sully. Afterwards, Sam and Sully team up together while Elena buys the salvage company, installing Nate as owner. Years later, their teenage daughter Cassie discovers evidence of the two's former treasure-hunting life, which they decide to tell her about.

Paragraph 14: In February 2004, Sanctus Real returned to the studio to record their second album, and nearly all of the tracks were written in the previous month. They only had four weeks to track and record the album in studio, and according to band members, recording sessions were very intensive and tiring. Hammitt said, "If we weren't in the studio laying down tracks, we were at home working on lyrics, melodies, and rewrites. It really felt like a 24 hour-a-day job for about four weeks." He estimated that two months would have been an ideal amount of time to record the album, but that the experience "was cool and it stretched us". Due to the constant guitar playing, especially during the second half of their recording time, guitarist Chris Rohman tried putting nail polish on his fingertips because they felt so raw.

Paragraph 15: Paul Verna from Billboard gave the song a positive review, writing "the lovely 'Butterfly' is classic Carey, from its gospel-kissed ballad instrumentation and choir chants to the diva's soaring, glass-shattering performance." Verna concluded, "This should not imply, however, that she is covering crusty old ground. The notable maturity in her lyrics and worldly warmth of her vocal reflect the growth that she has continually strived to attain." British magazine Music Week gave it four out of five, adding, "This is as smooth as any of her ballads, but it's in the vocals where the difference lies. No longer over-singing for the sake of it, Carey has rarely sounded more stunning." Rick Juzwiak from Slant Magazine gave the song a mixed review, but felt it was a pivotal part of Carey's vocal and musical transition. Juzwiak wrote "The agonizingly slow 'Butterfly,' with its predictably soaring chorus and if-it-comes-back-it-was-meant-to-be message, would have been ignorable tripe. Here, it's a show for the peeping. Echoes of her newly failed relationship with Mottola bounce off the gospelly song's cheap stained glass and then garble so that it sounds like some insane document of Stockholm Syndrome." He felt however, that the song was an important part of the album, "It isn't just subject matter that elevates 'Butterfly' above Carey's usual melodrama. Carey's vocal delivery and her willingness to experiment with it helped define the album, so it's only appropriate that its title track is the first of many to showcase Carey's much-debated 'whisper voice.'" Ian Hyland from Sunday Mirror gave it eight out of ten, commenting, "Flouncing around in sexy beige slips apart, ballads are what Mariah does best. And I'm more than happy to report she's still doing fine on both counts." Richard Harrington from The Washington Post complimented "Butterfly" as "a lush pop ballad that frames Carey's voice quite effectively".

Paragraph 16: Released as successor to Logic Pro 9 on July 16, 2013, Logic Pro X (10.0.0) included a new, single-window customizable interface, with a design in line with Final Cut Pro X, as well as new features. New tools in this release are Drummer, a virtual session player that automatically plays along with your song in a wide variety of drumming styles and techniques, and Flex Pitch, a Flex Time equivalent for pitch editing in audio recordings. Also, a new "Smart Controls" feature allows users to map parameters from an array of plugins to a single, convenient control interface. Redesigned keyboards and synths were included, together with new stomp boxes, bass amp and drum kit designers, and a chord arpeggiator. A completely rebuilt sound and loop library was introduced, along with a new Patch architecture. Logic Pro X also improved track organization by allowing users to group multiple tracks into 'folder' like categories (e.g., acoustics, synthesizers, vocals, percussion, etc.). In addition to this organization, Logic Pro X allowed individuals to trigger 'solo,' 'mute,' and 'volume' controls for each group. Further improvements were made to score editing, exporting (now compatible with MusicXML format), and this version introduced MIDI plug-in compatibility. Coinciding with the release of Logic Pro X was the release of a companion iPad app called Logic Remote, which allows wireless control of Logic Pro X, including Touch Instruments for playing and recording software instruments as well as tools for navigating, making basic edits and mixing.

Paragraph 17: A MIL-STD-1553 multiplex data bus system consists of a Bus Controller (BC) controlling multiple Remote Terminals (RT) all connected together by a data bus providing a single data path between the Bus Controller and all the associated Remote Terminals. There may also be one or more Bus Monitors (BM); however, Bus Monitors are specifically not allowed to take part in data transfers, and are only used to capture or record data for analysis, etc. In redundant bus implementations, several data buses are used to provide more than one data path, i.e. dual redundant data bus, tri-redundant data bus, etc. All transmissions onto the data bus are accessible to the BC and all connected RTs. Messages consist of one or more 16-bit words (command, data, or status). The 16 bits comprising each word are transmitted using Manchester code, where each bit is transmitted as a 0.5 μs high and 0.5 μs low for a logical 1 or a low-high sequence for a logical 0. Each word is preceded by a 3 μs sync pulse (1.5 μs low plus 1.5 μs high for data words and the opposite for command and status words, which cannot occur in the Manchester code) and followed by an odd parity bit. Practically each word could be considered as a 20-bit word: 3-bit for sync, 16-bit for payload and 1-bit for odd parity control. The words within a message are transmitted contiguously and there has to be a minimum of a 4 μs gap between messages. However, this inter-message gap can be, and often is, much larger than 4 μs, even up to 1 ms with some older Bus Controllers. Devices have to start transmitting their response to a valid command within 4–12 μs and are considered to not have received a command or message if no response has started within 14 μs.

Paragraph 18: In March 2016, De Laurentiis blamed online piracy of the series as part of the reason for cancellation. In May 2016, Mikkelsen commented on a possible revival, stating, "It all depends on Bryan. He is the key, the base, the heart. We will wait and see what happens next in his career. But we all know that we can easily pick this up in two or three years, there are breaks in the stories. We could pick it up, say, four years later. If Bryan is up for it, we will all go for it." In June 2016, Fuller stated, "The cast is game, I'm game, it's just a matter of finding the right time where everybody's schedules sync up, but I would love to continue to tell the story with Hugh Dancy and Mads Mikkelsen. They're such fantastic collaborators, and one of the most satisfying actor-showrunner relationships I've ever had in this industry. So I would love to continue this story." He also revealed other information dealing with rights: "Two years after the last airing of the show, we can investigate our options [...] August 2017 is when we can actually start talking about it. That's when we would have to see what the rights are for the character and for the story, and see who's interested and how we get it done. I have the story, and the cast is excited for the story, so we're ready to go if somebody wants to go." In December 2016, Fuller confirmed his plans for a Silence of the Lambs miniseries in an interview on the Blumhouse Productions podcast, stating, "I think the film adaptation is a perfect film, but there are a lot of interesting nooks and crannies in that book to explore in a television series." In August 2017, formal conversations on the revival had begun. In January 2019, Mikkelsen exclusively revealed to Bloody Disgusting that he suspected Fuller to be securing rights to The Silence of the Lambs, saying in full, "Yeah, I think there's always new hope. I haven't heard anything specific. I know Bryan is still working on some ideas where we can find a new home for this. I also have a strong feeling that everybody who was involved in it would gladly pick up the glove again if that happens [...] I don't know where they looked. That is above my paycheck, but I know they've been talking to different studios. I know that [Fuller] was working to get the rights to Silence of the Lambs so he could get in there and use some of those characters for his own universe. I have a hunch that might be where we're going."

Paragraph 19: In the dream, Bart is trapped at the surreal Terwilliker Institute, where the piano teacher is a madman dictator who has imprisoned non-piano-playing musicians. He built a piano so large that it requires Bart and 499 other boys (hence, 5,000 fingers) to play it. Bart's mother has become Terwilliker's hypnotized assistant and bride-to-be, and Bart must dodge the Institute's guards as he scrambles to save his mother and himself. He tries to recruit Mr. Zabladowski, who was hired to install the Institute's lavatories ahead of a vital inspection, but only after skepticism and foot-dragging is Zabladowski convinced to help. The two construct a noise-sucking contraption which ruins the mega-piano's opening concert. The enslaved boys run riot, and the "atomic" noise-sucker explodes in spectacular fashion, bringing Bart out from his dream.

Paragraph 20: The first proposal to mine the Crandon site was put forth by Exxon in the late 1970s. In the summer of 1975, they had conducted test drilling of 25 electro-magnetic areas, which confirmed that there was indeed a mineral deposit. The Mole Lake community opposed it from the start, which put them at odds with many in nearby towns who hoped that mining jobs would provide steady employment for the depressed region. The Sierra Club, the Wisconsin Resources Protection Council, a non-profit environmental group dedicated to providing information about large scale metallic sulfide mining, and the Mining Impact Coalition, a grassroots organization dedicated to protecting and preserving natural and cultural communities, were among the many groups in opposition to the mine. The proposed mine would be near the headwaters of the Wolf River and environmentalists claimed that there was a high potential for damage to the water quality, as well as the living things that reside in the river. In addition to the negative environmental effects on the Wolf River, the Sokaogon Chippewa, as well as the Menominee, who resided directly downstream from the proposed mine, were facing the potential for their food sources to be contaminated. Already facing an increased threat of illness and health problems because of a cultural diet of fish, deer, and other wildlife already contaminated by industrial pollutants, they faced the risk of having their lands and everything living on them further tainted. As fishing groups became aware of this issue and feared the degradation of their quarry in world-class trout fishing waters, they too joined in opposition of the mine. With an alliance of opposition created, a strong force was rendered. Exxon, after working in the state since 1975 performing environmental assessments and working to be granted a mining permit, withdrew from the permit process in 1986 stating that it was due to "depressed metal prices". Strong local opposition may have also been a factor. By the time they returned in 1994, the alliance of sport fisherman, environmentalists, and Native Americans were waiting in opposition.

Paragraph 21: One of the Fathers of the Church, John Chrysostom, in elaborating on the words of Paul of Tarsus states that "because man is prone to strong lustful feelings, and because all men are not strong enough to be celibate, the Church allows the temporary union of marriage as an alternative to sin". This is a commentary on 1 Corinthians 7, which states "To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is well for them to remain unmarried as I am. But if they are not practicing self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to be aflame with passion."

Paragraph 22: The weekly one-hour show played segments from the Top 10 charting songs accompanied by the Solid Gold Dancers. Of the eight original Solid Gold '79 dancers, only four would join the Solid Gold series cast: Darcel Wynne (1980–1984 & 1985–1986), who would be the program's principal dancer for its first five years and was often credited by her first name alone, Paula Beyers (1980–1982), Deborah Jenssen (1980–1984), Tony Fields (1980–1984) and Alexander Cole (1980–1983). Gayle Crofoot (1982–1985) would join the roster in late fall of 1982, replacing dancer Lucinda Dickey (1982). The other remaining "Solid Gold '79" dancers were Larry Blum, Candy Brown and Judy Pierce. Cooley Jackson/Jaxson (1983–1986) joined the show in 1983, replacing Alexander Cole. Cooley also was the White Ranger in the Power Rangers Live Tour, Breakin' the Movie, and Electric Boogaloo Breakin' 2. Other dancers who appeared on Solid Gold were: Pam Rossi (1980–1986), Helene Phillips (1980–1982), Laura Melton (1980), Michael Perea (1980), Kahea Bright (1980–1984), Janeen Best (1982–1983 & 1985), Macarena Gandarillas (1982), Tricia McFarlane (1983), Jamilah Lucas (1983 & 1984–1988), Chelsea Field (1983–1984), Kelly Stubbs (1983), Lezlie Mogell (1984–1985), Steve La Chance (1984), Mark Sellers (1984–1986), Arlene Ng (1984), Beverly Jeanne (1984–1986), Nicole Romine (1984–1986), Eileen Fairbanks (1985–1987), Leslie Cook (1986–1988), Gigi Hunter (1986–1988), Audrey Baranishyn (1986–1987), Darrell Wright (1986–1988), Paul Michael Thorpe (1986–1988), Regan Patno (1986–1988), Andrea Moen (1987–1988), and Betsy Harris (1987–1988).

Paragraph 23: Paul Verna from Billboard gave the song a positive review, writing "the lovely 'Butterfly' is classic Carey, from its gospel-kissed ballad instrumentation and choir chants to the diva's soaring, glass-shattering performance." Verna concluded, "This should not imply, however, that she is covering crusty old ground. The notable maturity in her lyrics and worldly warmth of her vocal reflect the growth that she has continually strived to attain." British magazine Music Week gave it four out of five, adding, "This is as smooth as any of her ballads, but it's in the vocals where the difference lies. No longer over-singing for the sake of it, Carey has rarely sounded more stunning." Rick Juzwiak from Slant Magazine gave the song a mixed review, but felt it was a pivotal part of Carey's vocal and musical transition. Juzwiak wrote "The agonizingly slow 'Butterfly,' with its predictably soaring chorus and if-it-comes-back-it-was-meant-to-be message, would have been ignorable tripe. Here, it's a show for the peeping. Echoes of her newly failed relationship with Mottola bounce off the gospelly song's cheap stained glass and then garble so that it sounds like some insane document of Stockholm Syndrome." He felt however, that the song was an important part of the album, "It isn't just subject matter that elevates 'Butterfly' above Carey's usual melodrama. Carey's vocal delivery and her willingness to experiment with it helped define the album, so it's only appropriate that its title track is the first of many to showcase Carey's much-debated 'whisper voice.'" Ian Hyland from Sunday Mirror gave it eight out of ten, commenting, "Flouncing around in sexy beige slips apart, ballads are what Mariah does best. And I'm more than happy to report she's still doing fine on both counts." Richard Harrington from The Washington Post complimented "Butterfly" as "a lush pop ballad that frames Carey's voice quite effectively".

Paragraph 24: The fourth and final entry in the series featuring Drake, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, centres around him searching for the treasure of infamous pirate Henry Avery. As a child, Nate runs away from the orphanage and reunites with his older brother Sam, who explains that he has located their mother's journals. They break into the house they had been sold to where the elderly owner reveals she knew their mother, a historian who had theorised that Francis Drake had heirs. She dies of heart failure before she can call off the police, forcing Nate and Sam to flee and adopt the surname Drake. Some years before the events of Drake's Fortune, Nate and Sam, with the help of associate Rafe Adler, infiltrate a Panamanian prison where they uncover a cross depicting Saint Dismas, the good thief. They begin their escape, however Sam is shot by guards and Nate and Rafe presume him dead. Several years after Drake's Deception, Nate has retired from treasure-hunting and lives with Elena whilst working as a salvager in New Orleans. Sam, who survived and spent the intervening years alive and imprisoned, visits Nate and reveals he was broken out of prison by drug lord Hector Alcazar, who has forced him to find Avery's treasure or be killed. Nate lies to Elena he has taken a salvaging job and, together with Sam and Sully, steals another cross from an auction, bringing them into conflict with Rafe and his partner, mercenary leader Nadine Ross. The item leads the trio to Scotland, where the Drakes find a map of King's Bay in Madagascar. Nadine corners the two but they escape. At King's Bay, they learn that Avery and other pirate captains pooled all their treasure and settled with it in Libertalia. At their hotel they find Elena, upset at Nate's deception, and she leaves, but despite this, Nate refuses to abandon the search. He and Sam travel to the island where Libertalia is and discover that the treasure was moved across the island to the town of New Devon. They are soon confronted by Nadine and Rafe, who reveals that he broke Sam out of prison, Alcazar having been long dead. Rafe tries to shoot Nate, who is inadvertently knocked off a cliff and later rescued by Elena. They travel to New Devon, discovering Avery and his second in-command, Thomas Tew, killed the other founders and kept the treasure for themselves. The two locate and rescue Sam with the help of Sully and decide to escape, but Sam decides to continue the hunt. Nate follows him and finds Avery's treasure-laden ship where Sam triggers a trap that sets the ship on fire. Nadine betrays Rafe and leaves, having grown tired of the risks involved. Rafe challenges Nate to a sword fight, ending in Nate dropping a load of treasure on him. Nate rescues Sam and they are picked up by Elena and Sully. Afterwards, Sam and Sully team up together while Elena buys the salvage company, installing Nate as owner. Years later, their teenage daughter Cassie discovers evidence of the two's former treasure-hunting life, which they decide to tell her about.

Paragraph 25: The Preface to each work is directed toward that single individual that Kierkegaard refers to as my reader. Although this little book (which is called "discourses", not sermons, because its author does not have authority to preach, “upbuilding discourses,” not discourses for upbuilding, because the speaker by no means claims to be a teacher) wishes to be only what it is, a superfluity, and desires only to remain in hiding, just as it came into existence in concealment, I nevertheless have not bidden it farewell without an almost fantastic hope. Inasmuch as in being published it is in a figurative sense starting a journey, I let my eyes follow it for a little while. I saw how it wended its way down solitary paths or walked solitary on public roads. After a few little mistakes, through being deceived by a fleeting resemblance, it finally met that single individual whom I with joy and gratitude call my reader, that single individual it is seeking, to whom, so to speak, it stretches out its arms, that single individual who is favorably enough disposed to allow himself to be found,  favorably enough disposed to receive it, whether at the time of the encounter it finds him cheerful and confident or “weary and pensive,” –On the other hand, inasmuch as in being published it actually remains quiet without moving from the spot, I let my eyes rest on it for a little while. It stood there like a humble little flower under the cover of the great forest, sought neither for its splendor nor its fragrance nor its food value. But I also saw, or thought I saw, how the bird I call my reader suddenly noticed it, flew down to it, picked it, and took it home, and when I had seen this, I saw no more. Copenhagen, May 5, 1843 Preface His expectancy was humble. His hope was that one single individual might take an interest in his little pamphlet. Five years later he wrote,  “The big work, Either/Or was ‘much read and more discussed’-and then the Two Edifying Discourses, dedicated to my deceased father, published on my birthday (May 5), “a little flower hidden in the great forest, not sought out either for its beauty, or for its scent, or because it was nourishing’. No one took serious notice of the two discourses or concerned himself about them." One of his friends bought the book and complained because it wasn't clever. Kierkegaard offered him his money back.

Paragraph 26: The snout is known from a large fragment stretching from the tip back to just in front of the orbit. Its rostrum is deep and has a blunt end, with a slightly expanded tip. It is thought that the snout reached 65 mm and the entire skull was around 135 mm long, giving Chimaerasuchus a very short jaw and mouth compared with other crocodyliforms. The external nares are very large and come together to almost form one large tunnel at the opening. The antorbital fenestra is very small and has no fossa surrounding it. Much of the bone that forms the snout has small pits and grooves running along it. The premaxilla has a large dorsal portion which frames the external nares and fits between the maxilla and the nasal bone, which has led to the suggestion that there may have been fleshy soft tissues around this area in life. Each premaxilla has two dental alveoli, although only one of the four teeth remains in the skull, and a rough, rugose surface where there are no alveoli. A small gap between the last premaxillary and first maxillary alveolus was probably where a large tooth from the mandible fitted in when the jaws were closed. The maxillae are large, although quite short, and had a very straight suture with the nasal but complex interdigitating sutures with other bones. They underlay the jugal next to the orbit, although this section was not actually preserved. There is little bony palate formed by the maxillae as their dental alveoli are very large, and so there is little space between them. The maxillary teeth are very unusual, as they more closely resemble molars or premolars from a mammal than normal crocodyliform teeth, as they are large and broad, more suited to grinding than slicing. The nasal bones just touch the borders of the nares anteriorly, and just touch the frontal bones posteriorly in a V-shaped suture, as they are very slender and elongated. Very little of the prefrontals, and none of the frontals, is preserved at all. The lacrimals are almost perfectly vertical, and much taller than they are long. A part of the jugal is expanded, forming a shelf projecting almost across the tooth row vertically, perhaps protecting the teeth. The mandibles have no teeth preserved, and only one dental alveolus, right at the posterior end of the dentary bone. It is estimated that the whole mandible was about 135-140 mm long. A ridge extends along the external side of the mandible, which may have been for the attachment of soft cheek tissue to prevent plant matter escaping while being chewed as in Notosuchus. Little is known about the mandible due to its compression during fossilisation, but the angular had a lateral process just below the facet for attachment which, along with the long articular facet enabling a sliding motion, probably allowed Chimaerasuchus to move its lower jaw back and forth in a chewing motion to grind plant matter. The absence of a posterior buttress on the articular facet indicates that the pterygoideus muscle could have generated horizontal force enabling this chewing to take place. The two roughly conical teeth in each premaxilla would have been used for nipping off plant material or possibly for defence, while the molariform, polycuspid teeth in the maxillae (at least four in each) could have ground up the food. Although the dentary teeth are not known, it is very likely that there was one conical pair at the front which fitted in the gap between premaxilla and maxilla, while the remainder worked with the maxillary teeth to grind, indicating that Chimaerasuchus was almost certainly a herbivore.

Paragraph 27: Xyelidae are small Hymenoptera. Most species are 3 to 5 mm long, but species of Macroxyela and Megaxyela of East Asia and North America are larger, measuring 10 to 15 mm. The imagines display a number of ancestral characters of Hymenoptera, which may be absent in more derived lineages of Hymenoptera. Those include the absence of a wasp waist (thorax and abdomen abut without constriction), presence of cenchri on the metathorax to fix the wings at rest, presence of an antennal grooming apparatus on tibia and first tarsomere of the fore leg, and presence of a molar tooth on the mandible. Most intriguing is the morphology of the antenna which bears a long and thick third article followed by a number of shorter and more slender antennomeres. This so-called synantennomere 3 is the product from the ontogenetic fusion of several antennal articles, and it is unique among the extant Hymenoptera species. In Pleroneura, Xyelecia and most species of Xyela the maxillary palps are strongly enlarged and bear specialized setae on the distal articles. The wing venation is the most complete among Hymenoptera: Only in Xyelidae the radial sector Rs furcates into the veins Rs1 and Rs2, while in other Hymenoptera Rs1 is absent. The females bear a more or less long ovipositor, which in some species of Xyela may be as long as the body. Morphology of the ovipositor and the ovipositor sheath are important characters for identification to species level. The penis valves of the males are densely setulous, which is a rare character state among the basal lineages of Hymenoptera. Females and males mate with the bodies directing in opposite direction. In Xyelinae the genital capsule of the males are revolved for 180° after disclosure from the pupal skin (strophandry). Macroxyelinae are orthandrous after emergence. They mate in the same position as Xyelinae, but the male genital capsule is rotated yet in course of mating (facultative strophandry).

Paragraph 28: In February 2004, Sanctus Real returned to the studio to record their second album, and nearly all of the tracks were written in the previous month. They only had four weeks to track and record the album in studio, and according to band members, recording sessions were very intensive and tiring. Hammitt said, "If we weren't in the studio laying down tracks, we were at home working on lyrics, melodies, and rewrites. It really felt like a 24 hour-a-day job for about four weeks." He estimated that two months would have been an ideal amount of time to record the album, but that the experience "was cool and it stretched us". Due to the constant guitar playing, especially during the second half of their recording time, guitarist Chris Rohman tried putting nail polish on his fingertips because they felt so raw.

Paragraph 29: The fourth and final entry in the series featuring Drake, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, centres around him searching for the treasure of infamous pirate Henry Avery. As a child, Nate runs away from the orphanage and reunites with his older brother Sam, who explains that he has located their mother's journals. They break into the house they had been sold to where the elderly owner reveals she knew their mother, a historian who had theorised that Francis Drake had heirs. She dies of heart failure before she can call off the police, forcing Nate and Sam to flee and adopt the surname Drake. Some years before the events of Drake's Fortune, Nate and Sam, with the help of associate Rafe Adler, infiltrate a Panamanian prison where they uncover a cross depicting Saint Dismas, the good thief. They begin their escape, however Sam is shot by guards and Nate and Rafe presume him dead. Several years after Drake's Deception, Nate has retired from treasure-hunting and lives with Elena whilst working as a salvager in New Orleans. Sam, who survived and spent the intervening years alive and imprisoned, visits Nate and reveals he was broken out of prison by drug lord Hector Alcazar, who has forced him to find Avery's treasure or be killed. Nate lies to Elena he has taken a salvaging job and, together with Sam and Sully, steals another cross from an auction, bringing them into conflict with Rafe and his partner, mercenary leader Nadine Ross. The item leads the trio to Scotland, where the Drakes find a map of King's Bay in Madagascar. Nadine corners the two but they escape. At King's Bay, they learn that Avery and other pirate captains pooled all their treasure and settled with it in Libertalia. At their hotel they find Elena, upset at Nate's deception, and she leaves, but despite this, Nate refuses to abandon the search. He and Sam travel to the island where Libertalia is and discover that the treasure was moved across the island to the town of New Devon. They are soon confronted by Nadine and Rafe, who reveals that he broke Sam out of prison, Alcazar having been long dead. Rafe tries to shoot Nate, who is inadvertently knocked off a cliff and later rescued by Elena. They travel to New Devon, discovering Avery and his second in-command, Thomas Tew, killed the other founders and kept the treasure for themselves. The two locate and rescue Sam with the help of Sully and decide to escape, but Sam decides to continue the hunt. Nate follows him and finds Avery's treasure-laden ship where Sam triggers a trap that sets the ship on fire. Nadine betrays Rafe and leaves, having grown tired of the risks involved. Rafe challenges Nate to a sword fight, ending in Nate dropping a load of treasure on him. Nate rescues Sam and they are picked up by Elena and Sully. Afterwards, Sam and Sully team up together while Elena buys the salvage company, installing Nate as owner. Years later, their teenage daughter Cassie discovers evidence of the two's former treasure-hunting life, which they decide to tell her about.

Paragraph 30: The Protector () is a 1985 Hong Kong-American action film directed by James Glickenhaus and starring Jackie Chan, Danny Aiello and Roy Chiao. It was Chan's second attempt at breaking into the American film market, after 1980 film The Big Brawl, which had moderate box office success but was considered a disappointment. Conflicts between Glickenhaus and Chan during production led to two official versions of the film: Glickenhaus' original version for American audiences and a Hong Kong version re-edited by Jackie Chan. The original Glickenhaus version was a box office failure in North America, while Chan's edited version was a moderate success in Asia; the film was also moderately successful in Europe. Chan later directed Police Story (1985) as a response to this film.

Paragraph 31: In general, mutualism can be considered the original anarchy since the mutualist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was the first person to identify himself as an anarchist. Although mutualism is generally associated with anarchism, it is not necessarily anarchist. According to William Batchelder Greene did not become a "full-fledged anarchist" until the last decade of his life, but his writings show that by 1850 he had articulated a Christian mutualism, drawing heavily on the writings of Proudhon's sometimes-antagonist Pierre Leroux. The Christian mutualist form or anarchist branch of distributism and the works of distributists such as Dorothy Day and the Catholic Worker Movement can be considered a form of mutualism, or free-market libertarian socialism, due to their opposition to both state capitalism and state socialism. According to A Mutualist FAQ, mutualism was "the original form taken by the labor movement, first in Great Britain and shortly thereafter in France and the rest of Western Europe. Both mutualist practice and theory arose as part of the broad current of working class radicalism in England, from around the time of the publication of Paine's Rights of Man and the organization of the first Societies of Correspondence in the 1790s, to the Chartist movement. Mutualism existed for some time as a spontaneous working class practice before it was formalized in theory."

Paragraph 32: The first proposal to mine the Crandon site was put forth by Exxon in the late 1970s. In the summer of 1975, they had conducted test drilling of 25 electro-magnetic areas, which confirmed that there was indeed a mineral deposit. The Mole Lake community opposed it from the start, which put them at odds with many in nearby towns who hoped that mining jobs would provide steady employment for the depressed region. The Sierra Club, the Wisconsin Resources Protection Council, a non-profit environmental group dedicated to providing information about large scale metallic sulfide mining, and the Mining Impact Coalition, a grassroots organization dedicated to protecting and preserving natural and cultural communities, were among the many groups in opposition to the mine. The proposed mine would be near the headwaters of the Wolf River and environmentalists claimed that there was a high potential for damage to the water quality, as well as the living things that reside in the river. In addition to the negative environmental effects on the Wolf River, the Sokaogon Chippewa, as well as the Menominee, who resided directly downstream from the proposed mine, were facing the potential for their food sources to be contaminated. Already facing an increased threat of illness and health problems because of a cultural diet of fish, deer, and other wildlife already contaminated by industrial pollutants, they faced the risk of having their lands and everything living on them further tainted. As fishing groups became aware of this issue and feared the degradation of their quarry in world-class trout fishing waters, they too joined in opposition of the mine. With an alliance of opposition created, a strong force was rendered. Exxon, after working in the state since 1975 performing environmental assessments and working to be granted a mining permit, withdrew from the permit process in 1986 stating that it was due to "depressed metal prices". Strong local opposition may have also been a factor. By the time they returned in 1994, the alliance of sport fisherman, environmentalists, and Native Americans were waiting in opposition.

Paragraph 33: In opening remarks by the prosecution, District Attorney Robert Podesta stated police have the .32 caliber pistol that was used in 5 of the 20 murders and assaults. He also revealed they have a wedding ring taken from Quita Hague. Harris, who was granted immunity, describing the machete slaying of Quita Hague, said "Larry grabbed the woman by her hair and took a machete knife and took her 20 feet from the van. He raised it over his head and sliced down on her neck. He kept chopping, chopping." He continued, "He came over to where I was standing and said, 'You should have seen the blood gush out of that devil's neck.'" He then described Cooks attack on Quita's husband. Harris also testified that he rode for several hours with the defendants on the night in January that four persons were killed and one was wounded. When questioned about the letters he wrote to defense attorney White, Harris said he "just made up" the story because of pressures on his wife and anger towards the district attorney's office. Michael Armstrong, 23, testified under immunity that he sold the gun that killed and wounded several victims in 1974 to Thomas Manney, manager of the Black Self-Help center and former suspect in the Zebra killings. A month into the trial, a 12-year-old girl identified Cooks in court, as the man who tried to abduct her at gunpoint on October 20, 1973. Her testimony coincided with Harris', who described how he, Cooks, and two other men, attempted to abduct three children before abducting the Hagues. Also heard in the trial was Cooks' confession to the Frances Rose shooting. Linda Story, who survived with a bullet lodged in her spine, testified about the attack on her and fellow cadet Tom Rainwater.

Paragraph 34: “After much conversation with my family and Mr. Barnhart, I have decided to retire from coaching and effectively have resigned as head coach at Kentucky. This was a difficult decision and I know the timing is not ideal, but I do not feel I can give the job what it requires at this time. As has been much publicized, I have had an eventful offseason with my injury and subsequent surgery. I have been open about the fact that the surgery and recovery process has been life-altering for me and my family. Through that, my priorities towards my family and my faith has grown even larger than before and that has led me to make this decision. Although so much about today is sad because I will greatly miss the relationships and people that have constantly lifted up my family and me the last 13 years, I am resolute in my decision and comfortable with beginning the next chapter of my life. To the current players, thank you for all the support and love you have shown me, not only this year, but in years past. Each one of you has truly left a lasting impact on me and I will cherish our time together. To my former players, assistant coaches and support staff – each one of you has made me a better person and I will always extend a listening ear and encouraging word whenever you need it. I would be remiss if I also did not thank Mr. Barnhart, Lee T. Todd and Eli Capilouto for their commitment and support to women’s basketball at Kentucky and giving me a chance many years ago to be a part of this great university. To Big Blue Nation, 13 years ago you welcomed me and my family with open arms and Jenna and I are forever grateful. Kentucky is our home and this university and community are beautifully unique and special and we are so blessed to have this place in our lives. Finally, I want to thank Kyra Elzy, Niya Butts, Amber Smith, Amy Tilley and everyone in our current support staff for all of their hard work this offseason and preseason as the program navigated uncharted waters. I believe with every ounce of my heart that the greatest place for a young woman to go to college and become a better person ready to face what society has in store is at the University of Kentucky. I am steadfast in that belief because I know the people in this program spend every second of every day focused on how to make other’s lives better. Kyra has done an amazing job leading the program these past few months. She is one of the best coaches in college basketball and has displayed that throughout her career as a top-notch tactician, elite recruiter, and most of all, she is of the highest character. I have the utmost confidence in her to lead Kentucky women’s basketball into future success.”

Paragraph 35: In opening remarks by the prosecution, District Attorney Robert Podesta stated police have the .32 caliber pistol that was used in 5 of the 20 murders and assaults. He also revealed they have a wedding ring taken from Quita Hague. Harris, who was granted immunity, describing the machete slaying of Quita Hague, said "Larry grabbed the woman by her hair and took a machete knife and took her 20 feet from the van. He raised it over his head and sliced down on her neck. He kept chopping, chopping." He continued, "He came over to where I was standing and said, 'You should have seen the blood gush out of that devil's neck.'" He then described Cooks attack on Quita's husband. Harris also testified that he rode for several hours with the defendants on the night in January that four persons were killed and one was wounded. When questioned about the letters he wrote to defense attorney White, Harris said he "just made up" the story because of pressures on his wife and anger towards the district attorney's office. Michael Armstrong, 23, testified under immunity that he sold the gun that killed and wounded several victims in 1974 to Thomas Manney, manager of the Black Self-Help center and former suspect in the Zebra killings. A month into the trial, a 12-year-old girl identified Cooks in court, as the man who tried to abduct her at gunpoint on October 20, 1973. Her testimony coincided with Harris', who described how he, Cooks, and two other men, attempted to abduct three children before abducting the Hagues. Also heard in the trial was Cooks' confession to the Frances Rose shooting. Linda Story, who survived with a bullet lodged in her spine, testified about the attack on her and fellow cadet Tom Rainwater.

Paragraph 36: The Bobath concept is an approach to neurological rehabilitation that is applied in patient assessment and treatment (such as with adults after stroke or children with cerebral palsy).  The goal of applying the Bobath concept is to promote motor learning for efficient motor control in various environments, thereby improving participation and function.  This is done through specific patient handling skills to guide patients through the initiation and completing of intended tasks. This approach to neurological rehabilitation is multidisciplinary, primarily involving physiotherapists, occupational therapists, and speech and language therapists. In the United States, the Bobath concept is also known as 'neuro-developmental treatment' (NDT).

Paragraph 37: One of the Fathers of the Church, John Chrysostom, in elaborating on the words of Paul of Tarsus states that "because man is prone to strong lustful feelings, and because all men are not strong enough to be celibate, the Church allows the temporary union of marriage as an alternative to sin". This is a commentary on 1 Corinthians 7, which states "To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is well for them to remain unmarried as I am. But if they are not practicing self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to be aflame with passion."

Paragraph 38: One of the Fathers of the Church, John Chrysostom, in elaborating on the words of Paul of Tarsus states that "because man is prone to strong lustful feelings, and because all men are not strong enough to be celibate, the Church allows the temporary union of marriage as an alternative to sin". This is a commentary on 1 Corinthians 7, which states "To the unmarried and the widows I say that it is well for them to remain unmarried as I am. But if they are not practicing self-control, they should marry. For it is better to marry than to be aflame with passion."

Paragraph 39: Suddenly, Mortola, Basta, Orpheus, and a "man built like a wardrobe" barge into Elinor's house, and take Mo, Resa, Elinor, and Darius prisoner, while Meggie and Farid have no idea what is happening in the other world. Orpheus reads Basta, Mortola, Mo, and Resa into Inkheart. Mortola gets a modern rifle, and shoots Mo, thinking that she has killed him and leaves. However, Mo survived the shot. Resa discovers that her voice has come back to her. Resa and Mo are hiding with the strolling players, but now they have discovered that the injured Mo is the mysterious gentleman-robber, the "Bluejay", created by Fenoglio, the Inkweaver's words. Fenoglio is now living within his own story and he makes Meggie read Cosimo the Fair back into the story since he died, Meggie being kissed by Farid shortly after. Now the Adderhead is out to get him, waiting to hang him or kill his family in front of him. Mo and Resa are captured and Mo is unable to escape because of his fatal wound. Meggie, Resa, and Mo all end up in the Adderhead's castle (the Castle of Night), while Meggie has made a bargain with the Adderhead that she will bind him a book of immortality if he lets her, Resa, Mo, and the other strolling players he has captured go. What she doesn't tell the prince is that if three words are written in the book—heart, spell, death—the Adderhead will die instantly. In the meanwhile, Farid and Dustfinger have snuck into the castle using soot that causes invisibility, created by a combination of fire and water. Meggie and Farid fall in love. Farid is later killed by Basta, one of Capricorn's old followers, who is then killed by Mo. Later, Dustfinger summons the White Women to bring Farid back to life, sacrificing himself. Roxane, Dustfinger's wife, realizes this and is furious at Farid for taking away her love, but is powerless to do anything. Meggie reads Orpheus into the story using Fenoglio's words, although Orpheus refuses to believe that she read him into the book. Farid agrees to work for Orpheus as a servant if he writes something to bring Dustfinger back to life. But Farid wonders, will he live up to the agreement and will Dustfinger ever come back?

Paragraph 40: Kaba, a twin volcano with Mount Hitam in Bengkulu Province of Indonesia, has an elongated summit crater complex dominated by three large historically active craters trending ENE from the summit to the upper NE flank. The SW-most crater of Gunung Kaba, Kawah Lama, is the largest. Most historical eruptions have affected only the summit region of the volcano. They mostly originated from the central summit craters, although the upper-NE flank crater Kawah Vogelsang also produced explosions during the 19th and 20th centuries. In 1833 an eruption ejected water from the crater lake, forming lahars that produced damage and fatalities at Talang, Klingi, and Bliti villages.