Paragraph 1: In Irish service, the ship took her name from Saint Ciara, born in Tipperary in the 7th century who, after taking religious vows in her teens, founded a convent in Kilkeary, near Nenagh. The ship's coat-of-arms depict three golden chalices which represent the three ancient dioceses among which Tipperary was divided. Also featured is a Celtic cross as a representation of the North Cross at Ahenny, County Tipperary. The coat of arms incorporates the Tipperary colours of Blue and Yellow as well as the background or field colours of the Tipperary Arms which is Ermine - white with a pattern of black arrowhead shaped points.

Paragraph 2: New York Avenue was planned as one of the original streets in the L'Enfant Plan for Washington, D.C.  It was intended to begin at the Potomac River and extend northeast toward the White House, then continue past the Executive Residence northeast to the boundary of the Federal City. The portion of the street southwest of the White House was to give the President of the United States an uninterrupted view of the river. Construction of the State, War, and Navy Building from 1871 to 1888 blocked this view, and it remains blocked to this day. Originally, it extended to the grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory, but the construction of Rawlins Park in 1873 destroyed a block of New York Avenue between 18th and 19th Streets NW. Its consolidation with Triangle Park and three other "parklets" into a "Little Mall" (in apparent imitation of the nearby National Mall) in 1937 consumed another block between 20th and 21st Streets NW. Construction of the United States Department of War Building (now the Harry S Truman Building, housing the United States Department of State), and an associated park (since January 1959, known as Edward J. Kelly Park) from 1940 to 1941 destroyed the lower three blocks of New York Avenue. Construction of the Theodore Roosevelt Building (which now houses the United States Office of Personnel Management) in 1963 eliminated another block between 19th and 20th Streets NW.  This left a single block of New York Avenue NW, between 17th and 18th Streets NW, southeast of the White House.

Paragraph 3: If a small freight or commuter railroad does not operate on another railroad territory, then there is no interoperability-based reason that obligates them to use  spectrum to implement PTC. In addition, if a small freight or commuter railroad only operates on their own territory and hosts other guest railroads (freight or other passenger rail), there is still no interoperability-based reason the host is obliged to use  spectrum to implement PTC. Such a railroad could implement PTC by freely picking any radio spectrum and requiring the guest railroads to either install compliant PTC equipment (including radios) on board their trains or provide wayside equipment for their guest PTC implementation to be installed on the host railroad property. An interesting case that highlights some of these issues is the northeast corridor. Amtrak operates services on two commuter rail properties it does not own: Metro-North Railroad (owned by New York and Connecticut) and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) (owned by Massachusetts). In theory, Amtrak could have found themselves installing their own PTC system on these host properties (about 15 percent of the corridor), or worse, found themselves in the ridiculous position of trying to install three different PTC systems on each Amtrak train to traverse the commuter properties. This was not the case. Amtrak had a significant head start over the commuter rail agencies on the corridor in implementing PTC. They spent a considerable amount of time in research and development and won early approvals for their ACSES system on the northeast corridor with the FRA. They chose first to use  and then later moved to , in part because of a perceived improvement in radio-system performance and in part because Amtrak was using  in Michigan for their ITCS implementation.  When the commuter agencies on the corridor looked at options for implementing PTC, many of them chose to take advantage of the advance work Amtrak had done and implement the ACSES solution using . Amtrak's early work paid off and meant that they would be traversing commuter properties that installed the same protocol at the same frequency, making them all interoperable. (Actually most of the Northeast Corridor is owned and operated by Amtrak, not the commuter properties, including the tracks from Washington, D.C. to New York Penn Station and the tracks from Philadelphia to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The State of Massachusetts owns the tracks from the Rhode Island state line to the New Hampshire state line, but Amtrak "operates" these lines. Only the line between New York City and New Haven, Connecticut is actually owned and operated by a commuter line.)

Paragraph 4: Born in Stratford,  Tomlinson completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1802. He went to Virginia for a year to be a private tutor and to study law.  When he returned to Fairfield he continued his studies and was admitted to the bar in 1807. That same year he married Sarah Bradley. He received a Master of Arts, in 1808 from Yale. Their only child, Jabez Huntington Tomlinson, was born in 1818 but died at the young age of 19 in 1838.  Mrs. Tomlinson died in 1842. In 1846, Gideon married Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells Wright, widow of William Wright of Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Paragraph 5: MBC Action (stylized as MBCACTION) is a free-to-air television channel that MBC Group’s action-packed channel that targets young Arabic males. It delivers the best in high-octane Western series, movies and action. shows and sports and anime and action movies and films and television series and television programs and films from action genre. Subtitled in Arabic language, the channel is a part of the Middle Eastern media company MBC Group. It is intended to aim mainly at male audiences, unlike its sister channel MBC 4 which is aimed at female audiences. A channel that targets young Arab males. It delivers Western series, movies, action reality shows as well as Japanese anime and sports programs. MBC ACTION (an indigenous adrenaline-packed channel targeting young males); MBC Action launched in 2007 with the latest action packed movies, dramas and thrillers targeting young Arab males. The new addition proved to be an instant success. Since then, it has been growing aggressively and even more so since it started developing localized content that appeals to the passions of Arab men. The channel is also considered, the only Arab male entertainment destination in the region; delivering a focused and dynamic 360 experience, which extends out of TV, into on-ground, online and social media. Some of its prime time shows include The Mentalist (exclusive on MBC Action), The Vampire Diaries (exclusive on MBC Action), Fringe (Exclusive on MBC Action), V (exclusive on MBC Action), The Mentalist, The Vampire Diaries, Fringe, Supernatural, V, WWE and True Blood. MBC Action also offers themed nights including Bollywood Action Nights (thrilling Bollywood experiences), The channel recently which is a weekly "magazine" format show about cars, similar to Top Gear, which they also broadcast the British and American versions of the BBC's Top Gear, MBC Action (an indigenous adrenaline-packed channel with action series and movies). carsIt was launched on 5 March 2007. with the Pilot episode of the TV series Lost which, along with Prison Break and The 4400, is one of MBC Action's biggest coups. MBC Action's biggest coups are the TV series Lost, Prison Break and The 4400. It will also show new episodes of other shows like 24, Pimp My Ride, The Sparticle Mystery and the Power Rangers. It is aimed mainly at male audiences, . The channel also airs the International Fight League. It also shows action movies on a daily basis. It is aimed mainly at male audiences, unlike its sister channel MBC 4 which is aimed at female audiences.

Paragraph 6: On 13 November 1941, U-68 was resupplied by the auxiliary cruiser Atlantis under the command of Kapitän zur See Bernhard Rogge. The sea state was 6 to 7 at the meeting place, Rogge and Merten decided to move the meeting place  southwest. The next day, they met again and provisions were transferred to U-68. During the following night, U-68 conducted a number of mock attacks on Atlantis for training purposes. On 23 November, U-68 received the message that Atlantis had been sunk by  while resupplying  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Bauer. U-126 was able to rescue up 300 German sailors, including Rogge. The Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote (BdU—supreme commander of the U-boat Arm) ordered , under the command of Korvettenkapitän Johann Mohr, , under the command of Kapitänleutnant Nicolai Clausen, and , under the command of Fregattenkapitän Hans Eckermann, to the rescue. Two days later the survivors were transferred to the refueling ship Python. On 30 November, U-68 and UA met with Python for refueling. Immediately Merten and the crew began taking on fuel,  were transferred, as well as replenishing spent torpedoes. UA was late to arrive, unnecessarily delaying the procedure. During the refueling, a smokestack was sighted, sounding the alarms. U-68 had just finished the transfer, but the additional weight of the boat was not yet accounted for, when Python came under attack from . U-68 was not ready for combat, Merten and the crew had difficulties keeping the boat at depth. During the vital phase of the attack U-68 was oscillating between a depth of  and . Holding the boat at periscope depth was impossible. Submerged, the crew of U-68 could hear the sinking of Python. Following the first warning salvo by Dorsetshire, Pythons crew its crew had chosen to scuttle the ship to avoid unnecessary casualties.

Paragraph 7: The 19th century did not witness the emergence of any political organization that could help in airing the grievances and expressing the aspirations of Nigerians on a constant basis. The British presence in the early 20th century led to the formation of political organizations as the measures brought by the British were no longer conducive for Nigerians. The old political methods practiced in Lagos was seen as no longer adequate to meet the new situation. The first of such organizations was the People's Union formed by Orisadipe Obasa and John K. Randle with the main aim of agitating against the water rate but also to champion the interests of the people of Lagos. This body became popular and attracted members of all sections of community including the Chief Imam of Lagos, as well as Alli Balogun, a wealthy Muslim. The popularity of the organization reduced after it was unable to prevent the imposition of the water rate by 1916. The organization was also handicapped by constant disagreements among the leaders. The emergence of the NCBWA and the NNDP in 1920 and 1923 respectively, led to a major loss of supporters of the People's Union, and by 1926, it had completely ceased to exist. Two years after the formation of the People's Union, another organization called The Lagos Ancillary of the Aborigines Rights Protection Society (LAARPS) came into the picture. This society was not a political organization but a humanitarian body. This organization came into existence to fight for the interest of Nigerians generally but its attention was taken up by the struggle over the land issue of 1912. In Northern Nigeria, all lands were taken over by the administration and held in trust for the people. Those in Southern Nigeria feared that this method would be introduced into the South. Educated Africans believed that if they can be successful in preventing the system from being extended to Southern Nigeria, then they can fight to destroy its practice in the North. This movement attracted personalities in Lagos amongst whom are James Johnson, Mojola Agbebi, Candido Da Rocha, Christopher Sapara Williams, Samuel Herbert Pearse, Cardoso, Adeyemo Alakija and John Payne Jackson (Editor, Lagos Weekly Record). Its delegation to London to present its views to the British government was discredited by quarrels which broke out among its members over the delegation fund. Accusations of embezzlement against some members, disagreements and quarrels, as well as the death of some of its leading members led to the untimely death of this organization before 1920. The outbreak of war and a strong political awareness led to the formation of a number of organizations. These are the Lagos Branch of the Universal Negro Improvement Association, the National Congress of British West Africa (NCBWA), and the Nigerian National Democratic Party (NNDP).

Paragraph 8: Throughout Roosevelt's presidency, he returned to the same theme continually over the course of the New Deal. Also in the Atlantic Charter, an international commitment was made as the Allies thought about how to "win the peace" following victory in the Second World War. The US' commitment to non-interventionism in World War II ending with the 1941 Lend-Lease act, and later Pearl Harbor attacks, resulted in the mobilisation of the war state. The generous terms of the act, in conjunction with the economic growth of the US were key in allowing the US to establish new global order with the help of Allied powers in the aftermath of war. This motivation to establish a new global order provided the infrastructure for the implementation of an international standard of human rights, seen with the Second Bill of Rights and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Akira Iriye's proposition that the US desired to transform the post war Pacific after their own image is representative of the wider desire to raise global standards to that of the US, feeding into ideals of American Exceptionalism. The effect of wider democratisation and social reform is divulged upon in Francis Fukuyama's The End of History and the Last Man.

Paragraph 9: MBC Action (stylized as MBCACTION) is a free-to-air television channel that MBC Group’s action-packed channel that targets young Arabic males. It delivers the best in high-octane Western series, movies and action. shows and sports and anime and action movies and films and television series and television programs and films from action genre. Subtitled in Arabic language, the channel is a part of the Middle Eastern media company MBC Group. It is intended to aim mainly at male audiences, unlike its sister channel MBC 4 which is aimed at female audiences. A channel that targets young Arab males. It delivers Western series, movies, action reality shows as well as Japanese anime and sports programs. MBC ACTION (an indigenous adrenaline-packed channel targeting young males); MBC Action launched in 2007 with the latest action packed movies, dramas and thrillers targeting young Arab males. The new addition proved to be an instant success. Since then, it has been growing aggressively and even more so since it started developing localized content that appeals to the passions of Arab men. The channel is also considered, the only Arab male entertainment destination in the region; delivering a focused and dynamic 360 experience, which extends out of TV, into on-ground, online and social media. Some of its prime time shows include The Mentalist (exclusive on MBC Action), The Vampire Diaries (exclusive on MBC Action), Fringe (Exclusive on MBC Action), V (exclusive on MBC Action), The Mentalist, The Vampire Diaries, Fringe, Supernatural, V, WWE and True Blood. MBC Action also offers themed nights including Bollywood Action Nights (thrilling Bollywood experiences), The channel recently which is a weekly "magazine" format show about cars, similar to Top Gear, which they also broadcast the British and American versions of the BBC's Top Gear, MBC Action (an indigenous adrenaline-packed channel with action series and movies). carsIt was launched on 5 March 2007. with the Pilot episode of the TV series Lost which, along with Prison Break and The 4400, is one of MBC Action's biggest coups. MBC Action's biggest coups are the TV series Lost, Prison Break and The 4400. It will also show new episodes of other shows like 24, Pimp My Ride, The Sparticle Mystery and the Power Rangers. It is aimed mainly at male audiences, . The channel also airs the International Fight League. It also shows action movies on a daily basis. It is aimed mainly at male audiences, unlike its sister channel MBC 4 which is aimed at female audiences.

Paragraph 10:  is the main protagonist of the BlazBlue series from Calamity Trigger to Central Fiction. Also known as the Grim Reaper, he is feared by the NOL for being the most powerful individual to have ever rebelled against them since the Ikaruga Civil War. His actions, which included destroying countless numbers of their branches, have labeled him the most wanted criminal and caused him to receive the largest bounty ever in the history of the NOL. He possesses a powerful form of ars magus called the Azure Grimoire, or simply referred to as the titular BlazBlue, which is often either the secondary or primary target of those after him and his bounty. His ultimate goal is to destroy the NOL, for he blames them for destroying his family. He is Jin Kisaragi's biological brother, whose rivalry with him stems from an incident that happened when their sister Saya was presumably killed. His right arm is mechanical because his real one was cut off by Terumi, who had taken control of Jin's mind. He was resurrected by Rachel as a dhampir, causing one of his green eyes to turn red and his once-blond hair to white. The BlazBlue he possesses is only a fragment of an imitation; the true Grimoire is actually destined to be wielded by Noel Vermillion. In Continuum Shift, Ragna is given the Idea Engine by a dying Lambda which enabled him to access the true Azure. He realizes that Saya is possessed by Izanami and decides to give up vengeance to protect his loved ones in Chrono Phantasma, and later in Central Fiction decides to protect the girl inside Amaterasu from the Entitled-people whose dreams are strong enough to remake the world. He and Jin (including his future-past counterpart Hakumen) soon learned that Noel/Mu can be used to recreate Saya, whose soul remains in her old body, possessed by Izanami. Once Noel and Mu merge, he helps Noel merge with Izanami and imprison her into her soul, recreating Saya. With the help of Jin and Trinity after Ragna separates the Susano'o armor from Terumi, Jin transports Ragna and Terumi to the Azure void where Ragna can kill him for good. Once all evils are finished, and after helping Noel merge with the Origin to free her from the Amaterasu Unit, Ragna's last act is to cast himself into the cauldron and remain outside the world, to make sure the Azure never falls into the wrong hands. As this act would erase himself from the memories of everybody in the story, he says goodbye to his beloved siblings and tells Amane that he has no regrets at all. Ragna disappears and leaves only his sword behind, which is later put to the hill where it is placed on a hill near Celica's church as a makeshift grave. Whether or not Ragna is truly unable to return to the world is unknown, as the final scene shows that his sword has been taken by somebody. He is also hinted not to be a natural-born human due to his unusual features, an idea that is confirmed in the final game when it is revealed he is the child of the fifth Prime Field Device. Ragna's weapon is called Blood-Scythe (ブラッドサイズ Buraddo Saizu), a giant sword that can extend into a scythe. His Drive, Soul Eater, enables him to absorb a portion of the damage dealt to replenish his health.

Paragraph 11: In 1373, John brought about a new alliance against Hesse under the name: Bund der alten Minne (Alliance of the Old Love). It was actually aimed at the conquest of Driedorf, and John seems to have been the leader of the alliance. The members, mostly Sterners, now called themselves: Gesellen der alten Minne (Fellows of the Old Love). The Hessians were defeated by John at Wetzlar, who then plundered the districts of , Giessen, , , Biedenkopf, Caldern, Marburg, and others, and caused great damage to the landgrave everywhere. Perhaps it was a further consequence of this victory that John drove the Hessians out of Driedorf. The settlement of 1378 at least proves that he had regained possession of this castle and district, although there are no definite records of when this happened and how Driedorf was returned to Hesse after 1378. This much is certain: the hostilities against Landgrave Henry and his successors continued for several years after 1373. Anyone who had a dispute with Hesse could count on Johnʼs support. John entered into a special alliance with Count John of Solms in 1375 because of the dispute between the latter and Hesse over the Lordship of Lich. Finally, under the mediation of the Hoch- und Deutschmeister Johann von Hayn and the counts of Katzenelnbogen and Sponheim, a provisional settlement was reached in Friedberg in 1377. A further reconciliation, the conditions of which were not stated, was initiated by Duke Otto I of Brunswick-Göttingen, and also recognised in 1378 at a personal meeting of Herman and John in Frankfurt before counts Rupert of Nassau-Sonnenberg and Diether VIII of Katzenelnbogen as chosen arbitrators, that John should be left undisturbed in the castle of Driedorf and its appurtenances, that the fiefs of the lordship of Itter should be returned to him, that the castle built by Hesse at the River Dill, presumably at Hermannstein, should be dismantled, and that, contrary to custom, no toll should be taken from Johnʼs subjects there. Landgrave Herman, however, did not want to settle down with this decision, but nevertheless promised to give John a hearing before his knights and men on the matter of Driedorf and Itter. Whether this was done is unknown. At least this did not end the dispute. As early as 1379, John joined a new alliance against Hesse, which was established in the Wetterau under the name of the Gesellschaft mit dem Löwen (Society with the Lions). The hostilities continued for more than 30 years, but with several interruptions, especially during the alliance of 1390 against the common enemy, Count John III of Sayn-Wittgenstein, and although they ceased in 1411 by a treaty between Herman and John, they soon resumed under their sons. John also seems to have been a member of a Gesellschaft mit den Hörnern (Society with the Horns), which was also established around this time with the purpose of mutual defence and assistance.

Paragraph 12: Keats introduced four new projects in 2010. In January he created a pinhole camera intended to take a single 100-year-long exposure. Printed in Good Magazine, the simple box camera was designed to be cut out, folded, and glued together, and then left to take a picture which the magazine promised to publish in a "special folio" as part of the January 2110 issue. In February, Keats expanded his filmmaking for plants into a new genre. Observing that plants aren't mobile, he produced a travel documentary – showing footage of Italian skies – which he screened for an audience of ficus and palm trees at the AC Institute in New York City through early March, and later in the year presented to an audience of mixed species, with musical accompaniment by the composer Theresa Wong, at the Berkeley Art Museum in California. He also produced an online version of the movie for viewing by plants at home, posted by Wired News Following an AFP wire story, news of the travel documentaries was reported worldwide, though not in Italy. Keats launched an alternative space agency, the Local Air and Space Administration (LASA), in October. Headquartered at California State University, Chico, the organization claimed to be taking on the exploratory role abandoned by NASA, and announced simultaneous missions to the Moon and Mars. Rather than building rockets, LASA amassed lunar and martian terrain locally in California, by pulverizing meteorites. The first LASA astronauts were potatoes grown in water mineralized with lunar anorthosite and martian shergottite, exploring the Moon and Mars by osmosis, according to Keats, who further argued that the minerals they absorbed over their month-long missions made them "alien hybrids". LASA also entered the space tourism business, offering humans the opportunity to explore the Moon and Mars by buying and drinking bottled lunar and martian mineral waters at an "exotourism bureau" in San Francisco. At the same time that he was managing the Local Air & Space Administration, Keats started independently to produce pornography for God. The source for his pornography was the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) which had just begun to replicate Big Bang conditions at a small scale. Reasoning that the Big Bang was "divine coitus", Keats screened a live feed from the LHC on a votive altar. He opened his "porn palace for God" at the alternative art space Louis V. ESP in Brooklyn, New York. While Keats explained that he had become "God's pornographer" in order to encourage God to create additional universes since our own was doomed by cosmic expansion, worldwide opinion on the worthiness of his project was mixed.

Paragraph 13: Normanhurst is divided by Pennant Hills Road, a major north-south road that leads north to the M1 Motorway, and south towards Parramatta. However, both the east and west sections have extensive bush access. On the east side, a small section of bush lies between Normanhurst and Fox Valley. This is land occupied by the SAN Hospital. On the western side, the suburb backs onto the southern reaches of the Berowra Valley, a continuous section of bush stretching all the way to Broken Bay. This gives Normanhurst a very "leafy" and rural look. This in turn contributes to making native bird life abundant. The area is home to cockatoos, rainbow lorikeets, kookaburras, noisy miners, native brush turkeys, and powerful owls. Additionally, Normanhurst has several small waterfalls, which promote reptile and marsupial life, such as Eastern grey kangaroos, echidnas and red-bellied black snakes. It also has encouraged the growth of retirement residences in the suburb. The Hornsby Shire Historical Society and Museum is located on Kenley Road.

Paragraph 14: On 13 November 1941, U-68 was resupplied by the auxiliary cruiser Atlantis under the command of Kapitän zur See Bernhard Rogge. The sea state was 6 to 7 at the meeting place, Rogge and Merten decided to move the meeting place  southwest. The next day, they met again and provisions were transferred to U-68. During the following night, U-68 conducted a number of mock attacks on Atlantis for training purposes. On 23 November, U-68 received the message that Atlantis had been sunk by  while resupplying  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Bauer. U-126 was able to rescue up 300 German sailors, including Rogge. The Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote (BdU—supreme commander of the U-boat Arm) ordered , under the command of Korvettenkapitän Johann Mohr, , under the command of Kapitänleutnant Nicolai Clausen, and , under the command of Fregattenkapitän Hans Eckermann, to the rescue. Two days later the survivors were transferred to the refueling ship Python. On 30 November, U-68 and UA met with Python for refueling. Immediately Merten and the crew began taking on fuel,  were transferred, as well as replenishing spent torpedoes. UA was late to arrive, unnecessarily delaying the procedure. During the refueling, a smokestack was sighted, sounding the alarms. U-68 had just finished the transfer, but the additional weight of the boat was not yet accounted for, when Python came under attack from . U-68 was not ready for combat, Merten and the crew had difficulties keeping the boat at depth. During the vital phase of the attack U-68 was oscillating between a depth of  and . Holding the boat at periscope depth was impossible. Submerged, the crew of U-68 could hear the sinking of Python. Following the first warning salvo by Dorsetshire, Pythons crew its crew had chosen to scuttle the ship to avoid unnecessary casualties.

Paragraph 15: New York Avenue was planned as one of the original streets in the L'Enfant Plan for Washington, D.C.  It was intended to begin at the Potomac River and extend northeast toward the White House, then continue past the Executive Residence northeast to the boundary of the Federal City. The portion of the street southwest of the White House was to give the President of the United States an uninterrupted view of the river. Construction of the State, War, and Navy Building from 1871 to 1888 blocked this view, and it remains blocked to this day. Originally, it extended to the grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory, but the construction of Rawlins Park in 1873 destroyed a block of New York Avenue between 18th and 19th Streets NW. Its consolidation with Triangle Park and three other "parklets" into a "Little Mall" (in apparent imitation of the nearby National Mall) in 1937 consumed another block between 20th and 21st Streets NW. Construction of the United States Department of War Building (now the Harry S Truman Building, housing the United States Department of State), and an associated park (since January 1959, known as Edward J. Kelly Park) from 1940 to 1941 destroyed the lower three blocks of New York Avenue. Construction of the Theodore Roosevelt Building (which now houses the United States Office of Personnel Management) in 1963 eliminated another block between 19th and 20th Streets NW.  This left a single block of New York Avenue NW, between 17th and 18th Streets NW, southeast of the White House.

Paragraph 16: The  globin is thought to be a very ancient molecule, even acting as a molecular clock of sorts. It has even been used to date the separation of vertebrates and invertebrates more than 1 billion years ago. Globin enjoys a large biological distribution, not only occurring among more than 9 different phyla of animals but occurring in some fungi and bacteria as well, even being identified in nitrogen-fixing nodules on the roots of some leguminous plants. The isolation of the globin gene from plant root cells has suggested that the globin genes that were inherited from a common ancestor shared by plants and animals may be present in all plants.

Paragraph 17: Wadsley Bridge continues to develop; the Kilner Way retail park opened in the 1970s, being built on the site of an old brick works and sandstone quarry. In 2008 it underwent a complete revamp with the old buildings being pulled down and eight new large retail unit being built for shops such as Halfords and Matalan. Development in recent years has given the area at the foot of Leppings Lane a Burger King and a Carphone Warehouse, built utilising the roof of the former service station on the site. There are three public houses in Wadsley Bridge, the New Bridge Inn dates from 1833, originally the New Inn but renamed in the 1970s when the new railway bridge was constructed, the Railway and the Pheasant. Recently demolished are the Gate Inn which dated originally from 1828; it was demolished in the early 1970s when the A61 was widened and new pub put in its place, and the Travellers which dated from 1881 although parts of the building were probably much older. Both pubs were demolished in late August 2012 to make way for a Sainsbury's supermarket. Construction of the supermarket was started in May 2014 and it opened on 26 November 2014.

Paragraph 18: Another explanation given is that in ancient Mesopotamia divine names were written in one way and pronounced in another. Thus it is possible for borrowed words to have their consonants reversed. Another explanation is that Muhammad adopted Isa from the polemical Jewish form Esau. However, there is no evidence that the Jews have ever used Esau to refer to Jesus, and if Muhammad had unwittingly adopted a pejorative form his many Christian acquaintances would have corrected him. A fourth explanation is that prior to the rise of Islam, Christian Arabs had already adopted this form from Syriac. According to the Encyclopaedia of the Qurʼān, "Arabic often employs an initial 'ayn in words borrowed from Aramaic or Syriac and the dropping of the final Hebrew 'ayin is evidenced in the form Yisho of the 'koktiirkish' Manichaean fragments from Turfan." This is supported by Macúch with an example in classical Mandaic, a variety of Eastern Aramaic (hence closely related to Syriac) used as liturgical language by the Mandaean community of southern Mesopotamia, where the name for Jesus is rendered ʿ-š-u (ࡏࡔࡅ), though the pharyngeal ('ayin) is pronounced like a regular long i ("Īshu"). Also the name Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) lacking the final 'ayin is also used to refer to Jesus in the Jewish work the Toledot Yeshu, and scholar David Flusser presents evidence Yeshu was also a name itself rather than claims it was meant to supposedly be an acronym to insult Jesus. The Brill Encyclopedia of the Qur'an notes scholar Anis al-Assiouty as noting the fact that "In the Talmud, however, he (Jesus) is called Yeshu." Scholar David Flusser and other scholars like Adolf Neubauer, Hugh J. Schonfield, and Joachim Jeremias also further argued that the name or pronunciation Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) could also be "the Galilean pronunciation" of Yeshua' that came about because of an inability to pronounce the 'ayin in the Galilee region where Jesus came from. Scholar Alphonse Mingana writes there may have been a monastery named ʿĪsāniyya  in the territory of the Christian Ghassanid Arabs in southern Syria as early as 571 CE.

Paragraph 19: Another explanation given is that in ancient Mesopotamia divine names were written in one way and pronounced in another. Thus it is possible for borrowed words to have their consonants reversed. Another explanation is that Muhammad adopted Isa from the polemical Jewish form Esau. However, there is no evidence that the Jews have ever used Esau to refer to Jesus, and if Muhammad had unwittingly adopted a pejorative form his many Christian acquaintances would have corrected him. A fourth explanation is that prior to the rise of Islam, Christian Arabs had already adopted this form from Syriac. According to the Encyclopaedia of the Qurʼān, "Arabic often employs an initial 'ayn in words borrowed from Aramaic or Syriac and the dropping of the final Hebrew 'ayin is evidenced in the form Yisho of the 'koktiirkish' Manichaean fragments from Turfan." This is supported by Macúch with an example in classical Mandaic, a variety of Eastern Aramaic (hence closely related to Syriac) used as liturgical language by the Mandaean community of southern Mesopotamia, where the name for Jesus is rendered ʿ-š-u (ࡏࡔࡅ), though the pharyngeal ('ayin) is pronounced like a regular long i ("Īshu"). Also the name Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) lacking the final 'ayin is also used to refer to Jesus in the Jewish work the Toledot Yeshu, and scholar David Flusser presents evidence Yeshu was also a name itself rather than claims it was meant to supposedly be an acronym to insult Jesus. The Brill Encyclopedia of the Qur'an notes scholar Anis al-Assiouty as noting the fact that "In the Talmud, however, he (Jesus) is called Yeshu." Scholar David Flusser and other scholars like Adolf Neubauer, Hugh J. Schonfield, and Joachim Jeremias also further argued that the name or pronunciation Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) could also be "the Galilean pronunciation" of Yeshua' that came about because of an inability to pronounce the 'ayin in the Galilee region where Jesus came from. Scholar Alphonse Mingana writes there may have been a monastery named ʿĪsāniyya  in the territory of the Christian Ghassanid Arabs in southern Syria as early as 571 CE.

Paragraph 20: The final was held at Victoria Hall, London, from 17 to 22 March. Spencer took a 6–2 lead, before Owen levelled the match at 6–6, having made the first day's highest break of 80 in the 9th frame. The Birmingham Daily Post correspondent praised the players for bringing a "refreshing new look to the game, with bold attacking play, wonderful potting, and a sprinkling of good-sized breaks". On the second day, both players missed easy , sharing the first two frames for 7–7 before Spencer won the next four frames to lead 11–7 by the interval, after which he added four of the subsequent six frames to increase his advantage to six frames at 15–9. The third day's play, which featured only two breaks of 50 or more, was described in the Coventry Evening Telegraph as "undistinguished", and ended with Spencer still six frames ahead, at 21–15. On day 4, Owen won four of the afternoon session's six frames to close to 19–23. In the evening session, Spencer claimed the first three frames, and finished the day six frames ahead again at 27–21. Owen only won three of the twelve frames on the fifth day, leaving Spencer one frame from victory at 36–24. Owen's brother Marcus Owen, a former English Amateur Championship winner, commented that "Gary's cueing is all over the place. Every time he plays a forcing shot, his whole body is moving." Spencer took the first frame on the final day to claim victory by achieving a winning margin of 37–24. The remaining 12 dead frames were played, with Spencer finishing 46–27 ahead. With this he became the first player to win the World Championship at his first attempt since Joe Davis at the inaugural championship in 1927. Owen compiled a 100 break, the highest of the match, in the 66th frame after the title had been decided.

Paragraph 21: Don Hayes, lead guitar player, was born in Fairmont, West Virginia in January 1950. He was the second of ten children in his family and he was raised in the small community of Whitehall, WV, outside of Fairmont for seven years until he was moved to the outskirts of Akron, Ohio. Living in the village of Canal Fulton for most of his early years, he graduated from Northwest High School in 1968. Don was an avid athlete in his younger days, he could usually be found hard at a game of baseball or basketball. If the chores were done and there wasn't a game in the works, he could usually be found beating on an old hollow body electric guitar a neighbor had given him. That beater served him well until his parents got him a new solid body Silvertone guitar, which became his mainstay for two or three years. Don grew up listening to just about every kind of music, but snuck in as much Rock & Roll as he could. His favorite guitarists and idols in those years were undoubtedly Don Rich and Duane Eddy. Don started playing in his first band around 16 years of age, "Don & Jerry & the Ghost Riders".  Don and two other members of the band wrote most of the music for the band, if they weren't playin' a gig, he could usually be found playing with his father's country band. Over the years he played in several cover bands; the two most notable were Dave Cutting and the "Nimissilla Creek Band" and Dave Cutting and the "Coyote Junction Band". He also played in three different bands during his tour of duty in Germany with the US Army.  Even though he thought he had retired from playing in bands when he moved to Kentucky in 2002, KBCB kept the pressure on and after several attempts to get him to go to a KBCB practice, he was finally persuaded to attend one. Don was immediately impressed with the fact that KBCB did mostly original material, and with the message left on his answering machine by the band before he even had a chance to return home the evening of that first jam session, a bond of friendship was made that became the history of KBCB. Now every new step is only a new chapter in that history as Don continues to reinvent himself each step of the way.

Paragraph 22: The economist George Dalton, through surveying agrarian peasant economies in areas of West Africa, suggests that in societies where peasant economics is the predominant form of production, those societies generally consist of a community of family units. Dalton defines this community as “a circle of people who live together… so that they share not this or that particular interest, but a whole set of interests wide enough and comprehensive enough to include their lives.”  These communities largely produce for their own subsistence, as opposed to producing for markets. The production processes that occur in these societies center around this subsistence, and the organization of this society into a communal form of production. As Dalton writes of African peasant communities, unemployment and economic depression are not the main issues. Instead, these societies primarily have to contend with issues within the environment, like the weather and plant diseases.  Peasants are also less likely to be specialists in a particular area of production and will spend time across the year doing a wide range of productive activities. Dalton also argued that peasant societies based their economic production much more on cultural and religious tradition, as opposed to purely environmental conditions. He based this on a study of neighboring African peasant societies which had very different cultural practices and social structures. They would have extremely similar environmental conditions and yet would have very different economies, which he argued demonstrated that social structure and culture were the primary determining factors of the economic activity of peasant societies.  Dalton also argued that this is demonstrated in the distribution of the factors of production in peasant societies. Unlike market economies where land, labour, and materials are purchased, in African peasant societies “land for homesteads and farms is acquired through tribal affiliation or kinship right.”  Alongside this, Dalton suggests that much of the organization of work would occur through social relationships within the community, such as “kinship and friendship reciprocity.” He concludes that this largely social and cultural organization of production is due to relative absence of the pressure of market economies to reduce costs and maximize profits, which would “enforce economizing decisions on local producers.” Dalton also argues that peasant societies were generally based on a socially guaranteed subsistence, with reciprocal gifts of produce, materials and livestock based on tribal and social relationships.  These gifts would exchange between members of a particular tribe and would also involve tribute to the chief of the tribe, who would act as a steward of the society, and would maintain a retinue of warriors. These chiefs would also resolve conflicts between tribe members and provide emergency resources. The chief could also call upon members of the tribe to perform labour in service to them, like constructing their huts. 

Paragraph 23: Another explanation given is that in ancient Mesopotamia divine names were written in one way and pronounced in another. Thus it is possible for borrowed words to have their consonants reversed. Another explanation is that Muhammad adopted Isa from the polemical Jewish form Esau. However, there is no evidence that the Jews have ever used Esau to refer to Jesus, and if Muhammad had unwittingly adopted a pejorative form his many Christian acquaintances would have corrected him. A fourth explanation is that prior to the rise of Islam, Christian Arabs had already adopted this form from Syriac. According to the Encyclopaedia of the Qurʼān, "Arabic often employs an initial 'ayn in words borrowed from Aramaic or Syriac and the dropping of the final Hebrew 'ayin is evidenced in the form Yisho of the 'koktiirkish' Manichaean fragments from Turfan." This is supported by Macúch with an example in classical Mandaic, a variety of Eastern Aramaic (hence closely related to Syriac) used as liturgical language by the Mandaean community of southern Mesopotamia, where the name for Jesus is rendered ʿ-š-u (ࡏࡔࡅ), though the pharyngeal ('ayin) is pronounced like a regular long i ("Īshu"). Also the name Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) lacking the final 'ayin is also used to refer to Jesus in the Jewish work the Toledot Yeshu, and scholar David Flusser presents evidence Yeshu was also a name itself rather than claims it was meant to supposedly be an acronym to insult Jesus. The Brill Encyclopedia of the Qur'an notes scholar Anis al-Assiouty as noting the fact that "In the Talmud, however, he (Jesus) is called Yeshu." Scholar David Flusser and other scholars like Adolf Neubauer, Hugh J. Schonfield, and Joachim Jeremias also further argued that the name or pronunciation Yeshu (ישו in Hebrew and Aramaic) could also be "the Galilean pronunciation" of Yeshua' that came about because of an inability to pronounce the 'ayin in the Galilee region where Jesus came from. Scholar Alphonse Mingana writes there may have been a monastery named ʿĪsāniyya  in the territory of the Christian Ghassanid Arabs in southern Syria as early as 571 CE.

Paragraph 24: Born in Stratford,  Tomlinson completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1802. He went to Virginia for a year to be a private tutor and to study law.  When he returned to Fairfield he continued his studies and was admitted to the bar in 1807. That same year he married Sarah Bradley. He received a Master of Arts, in 1808 from Yale. Their only child, Jabez Huntington Tomlinson, was born in 1818 but died at the young age of 19 in 1838.  Mrs. Tomlinson died in 1842. In 1846, Gideon married Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells Wright, widow of William Wright of Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Paragraph 25: Catana or Catina (Catania) was conquered at the beginning of the First Punic War, in 263 BC, by the Consul Manius Valerius Maximus Corvinus Messalla. Part of the booty from the conquest was a sundial which was set up in the Comitium in Rome. Additionally the city was required to pay tribute to Rome (civitas decumana). The conqueror of Syracuse, Marcus Claudius Marcellus built a gymnasium in the city. Around 135 BC, in the course of the First Servile War, the city was conquered by the rebel slaves. Another revolt in the area, led by the gladiator Seleurus in 35 BC, was probably suppressed after the death of its leader. In 122 BC, following volcanic activity on Etna, there was heavy damage from the volcanic ash raining down on the roofs of the city which collapsed under the weight. The territory of Catina was further impacted by eruptions in 50, 44, 36 BC and finally by the disastrous lava flow of 32 BC, which ruined the countryside and the city of Aitna, as well as the disastrous war between Augustus and Sextus Pompey, but with the beginning of the Augustan period, a long and difficult socio-economic recovery began. At the end of the war, all Sicily is described as heavily damaged, impoverished, and depopulated in a wide range of areas. In book 6 of Strabo in particular there is reference to the deleterious state of Syracuse, Catania, and Centuripe. After the war against Sextus Pompey, Augustus established a colonia in Catania. Pliny the Elder lists the city, which the Romans called Catina among the cities which Augustus promoted to the rank of Colonia Romana in 21 BC, along with Syracuse and Thermae (Sciacca). Groups of veterans of the Roman army were settled in the cities which had received this new status. The new demographic situation certainly contributed to change the style of municipal life in favour of the new "Middle Class." Catania retained a notable importance and wealth in the course of the late Republic and the Empire: Cicero calls it the "richest" of the cities and it must have remained thus in the later Imperial period and Byzantine times, as the literary sources and numerous contemporary monuments suggest, which makes the city almost unique among those of Roman Sicily. In order to pay the stipendium, the large coastal cities like Catania, extended their control in the course of the High Empire, over a vast swath of the interior of the island which had become depopulated as a result of the large estates which dominated agriculture in the period. Christianity spread rapidly; among the martyrs during the persecutions of Decius and Diocletian, were Saint Agatha, patron saint of the city, and Euplius. The Diocese of Catania was established at the end of the 6th century.

Paragraph 26: Catana or Catina (Catania) was conquered at the beginning of the First Punic War, in 263 BC, by the Consul Manius Valerius Maximus Corvinus Messalla. Part of the booty from the conquest was a sundial which was set up in the Comitium in Rome. Additionally the city was required to pay tribute to Rome (civitas decumana). The conqueror of Syracuse, Marcus Claudius Marcellus built a gymnasium in the city. Around 135 BC, in the course of the First Servile War, the city was conquered by the rebel slaves. Another revolt in the area, led by the gladiator Seleurus in 35 BC, was probably suppressed after the death of its leader. In 122 BC, following volcanic activity on Etna, there was heavy damage from the volcanic ash raining down on the roofs of the city which collapsed under the weight. The territory of Catina was further impacted by eruptions in 50, 44, 36 BC and finally by the disastrous lava flow of 32 BC, which ruined the countryside and the city of Aitna, as well as the disastrous war between Augustus and Sextus Pompey, but with the beginning of the Augustan period, a long and difficult socio-economic recovery began. At the end of the war, all Sicily is described as heavily damaged, impoverished, and depopulated in a wide range of areas. In book 6 of Strabo in particular there is reference to the deleterious state of Syracuse, Catania, and Centuripe. After the war against Sextus Pompey, Augustus established a colonia in Catania. Pliny the Elder lists the city, which the Romans called Catina among the cities which Augustus promoted to the rank of Colonia Romana in 21 BC, along with Syracuse and Thermae (Sciacca). Groups of veterans of the Roman army were settled in the cities which had received this new status. The new demographic situation certainly contributed to change the style of municipal life in favour of the new "Middle Class." Catania retained a notable importance and wealth in the course of the late Republic and the Empire: Cicero calls it the "richest" of the cities and it must have remained thus in the later Imperial period and Byzantine times, as the literary sources and numerous contemporary monuments suggest, which makes the city almost unique among those of Roman Sicily. In order to pay the stipendium, the large coastal cities like Catania, extended their control in the course of the High Empire, over a vast swath of the interior of the island which had become depopulated as a result of the large estates which dominated agriculture in the period. Christianity spread rapidly; among the martyrs during the persecutions of Decius and Diocletian, were Saint Agatha, patron saint of the city, and Euplius. The Diocese of Catania was established at the end of the 6th century.

Paragraph 27: On 13 November 1941, U-68 was resupplied by the auxiliary cruiser Atlantis under the command of Kapitän zur See Bernhard Rogge. The sea state was 6 to 7 at the meeting place, Rogge and Merten decided to move the meeting place  southwest. The next day, they met again and provisions were transferred to U-68. During the following night, U-68 conducted a number of mock attacks on Atlantis for training purposes. On 23 November, U-68 received the message that Atlantis had been sunk by  while resupplying  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Bauer. U-126 was able to rescue up 300 German sailors, including Rogge. The Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote (BdU—supreme commander of the U-boat Arm) ordered , under the command of Korvettenkapitän Johann Mohr, , under the command of Kapitänleutnant Nicolai Clausen, and , under the command of Fregattenkapitän Hans Eckermann, to the rescue. Two days later the survivors were transferred to the refueling ship Python. On 30 November, U-68 and UA met with Python for refueling. Immediately Merten and the crew began taking on fuel,  were transferred, as well as replenishing spent torpedoes. UA was late to arrive, unnecessarily delaying the procedure. During the refueling, a smokestack was sighted, sounding the alarms. U-68 had just finished the transfer, but the additional weight of the boat was not yet accounted for, when Python came under attack from . U-68 was not ready for combat, Merten and the crew had difficulties keeping the boat at depth. During the vital phase of the attack U-68 was oscillating between a depth of  and . Holding the boat at periscope depth was impossible. Submerged, the crew of U-68 could hear the sinking of Python. Following the first warning salvo by Dorsetshire, Pythons crew its crew had chosen to scuttle the ship to avoid unnecessary casualties.

Paragraph 28: The Battle of Jackson was fought on May 14, 1863, in Jackson, Mississippi, as part of the Vicksburg campaign during the American Civil War. After entering the state of Mississippi in late April 1863, Major General Ulysses S. Grant of the Union Army moved his force inland to strike at the strategic Mississippi River town of Vicksburg, Mississippi. The Battle of Raymond, which was fought on May 12, convinced Grant that General Joseph E. Johnston's Confederate army was too strong to be safely bypassed, so he sent two corps, under Major Generals James B. McPherson and William T. Sherman, to capture Johnston's position at Jackson. Johnston did not believe the city was defensible and began withdrawing. Brigadier General John Gregg was tasked with commanding the Confederate rear guard, which fought Sherman's and McPherson's men at Jackson on May 14 before withdrawing. After taking the city, Union troops destroyed economic and military infrastructure and also plundered civilians' homes. Grant then moved against Vicksburg, which he placed under siege on May 18 and captured on July 4. Despite being reinforced, Johnston made only a weak effort to save the Vicksburg garrison, and was driven out of Jackson a second time in mid-July.

Paragraph 29: Ordered to Baltimore, Maryland, April 1862. Duty in the defenses of Baltimore, Md., until September 24, 1862. Moved to Point of Rocks, Maryland, September 24, and guard duty on line of the Potomac River between Berlin and Edward's Ferry, and scouting in Loudoun and Jefferson Counties, Va., until February 1863. Ordered to join Milroy at Winchester, Va., February 3. Woodstock February 25. Strasburg Road and Woodstock February 26 (Companies G and L). Cedar Creek April 13. Reconnaissance toward Wardensville and Strasburg April 20. Operations in the Shenandoah Valley April 22–29. Fisher's Hill, Strasburg Road, April 22 and 26. Scout to Strasburg April 25–30. Strasburg April 28. Fairmont April 29. Scout in Hampshire County May 4–9. Operations about Front Royal Ford and Buck's Ford May 12–26. Piedmont Station May 16 (detachment). Middletown and Newtown June 12. Battle of Winchester June 13–15. Retreat to Harpers Ferry June 15, and duty there until June 30. Moved to Frederick, Md., then to Boonsboro July 8, and joined Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac. Scouting in Virginia until September. Oak Shade September 2. Hazel River September 4. Advance to the Rapidan September 13–17. Culpeper Court House September 13. Bristoe Campaign October 9–22. James City October 10. Near Warrenton October 11. Jeffersonton October 12. Warrenton or White Sulphur Springs October 12–13. Auburn and Bristoe October 14. St. Stephen's Church October 14. Advance to line of the Rappahannock November 7–8. Rappahannock Station November 7. Catlett's Station November 15. Mine Run Campaign November 26-December 2. New Hope Church November 27. Mine Run November 28–30. Scout from Vienna to White Plains December 28–31. Brentsville February 14, 1864. Near Sprigg's Ford February 28 (Company L). Near Greenwich March 6. Scout to Brentsville March 8. Scout to Greenwich March 9. Near Greenwich March 9. Scout to Greenwich March 11. Bristoe Station March 16. Scout to Aldie and Middleburg March 28–29. Bristoe Station April 9. Near Nokesville April 13. Near Milford April 15. Near Middletown April 24. Rapidan Campaign May–June. Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7. Spotsylvania Court House May 8–21; Strasburg May 12 (detachment). North Anna River May 23–26. Rejoined brigade May 26. Haw's Shop May 28. Old Church May 30. Cold Harbor May 31-June 1. Sumner's Upper Bridge June 2. About Cold Harbor June 2–7. Sheridan's Trevilian Raid June 7–24. Trevilian Station June 11–12. White House and St. Peter's Church June 21. Black Creek or Tunstall Station June 21. St. Mary's Church June 24. Charles City Cross Roads June 30. Proctor's Hill July 1. Warwick Swamp July 12. Demonstration north of James River at Deep Bottom July 27–29. Malvern Hill July 28. Warwick Swamp July 30. Demonstration north Of James River at Deep Bottom August 13–20. Gravel Hill August 14. White Oak Swamp August 14–15. Charles City Cross Roads August 16. Strawberry Plains August 16–18. Dinwiddie Road near Ream's Station August 23. Ream's Station August 25. Coggin's Point and Fort Powhatan September 16. Poplar Grove Church September 29-October 2. Wyatt's Farm September 29. Arthur's Swamp September 30-October 1. Stony Creek October 11–12. Boydton Plank Road October 27–28. Reconnaissance's toward Stony Creek November 7 and November 28. Stony Creek Station December 1. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 8–10. Hatcher's Run December 8–9. Dabney's Mills, Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Rowanty Creek February 5. Ordered to Wilmington, N.C., February 17, arriving there March 6. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Reported to Sherman at Fayetteville, N.C.. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Near Raleigh April 12. Occupation of Raleigh April 13. Received surrender of Confederate artillery. Surrender of Johnston and his army at Bennett's House April 26. Duty at Fayetteville and in Department of North Carolina until July.

Paragraph 30: While going home Linda meets a hideously ugly woman Titania who is turned away by Ava. Linda leaves Ava who she feels seduced her dad from the Faerie and had kept this fact from her. Linda goes back to Verian who reveals that he is also from the Faerie and explains how cold iron kills fairy. He also tells her that the hot iron in human blood is poison too, but a changelings blood takes the edge of it and mixing it with charmed heroin is what gives it the kick. Linda makes love to Verian, who later on tries to make a hit using her father's christening spoon which he drops, as it is made of iron. The Puck then comes to Verian's room with a bag of heroin and tells Linda that he saw Death go in the corridor and she was with Linda's friend. Linda rushes to the next room to see that Jeffrey has overdosed. Linda makes a brief visit to the dreaming where she meets Lucius, Nuala and The Sandman. She also sees Jeff in a grotesque collection of dead souls which is later revealed as Mabs' heart. When she wakes up she sees Queen Titania who carries her home, where she meets Ava, and reveals that Ava was exiled from faerie, which surprises Linda who had believed it was her dad. Titania also reveals how Mab escaped. Mab who was imprisoned in her cell gave each one who visited her a piece of her heart without their knowing. Then when the fairy were killed it released the fragment of Mab which came together, and Linda realises it is the Red Horse drug that kills the fairy. Titania calls on Linda to fulfill the oath she had made to Cluracan. Ava also comes along to protect her daughter, and it revealed that Ava is the architect of the palace. Ava releases all the faerie who have been trapped by Mab. There is a fight between these faerie and the faerie who are allied with Mab. Linda injects herself with Red Horse, which she mixes with her fathers christening spoon and she is bound to Mab's heart which Titania wants to pull down and destroy. Mab arrives on the scene and interrupts them. Ava uses her mastery of the palace to trap Mab under a pillar and both she and Titania aim their bows to Mab's heart but their arrows are prevented from meeting their target by the Puck. Mab who says she spared Titania because she feared her death curse chokes Ava and Titania  with the strings of their bows thereby preventing them from speaking.

Paragraph 31: During the normal cycle of respiration, a single breath can be divided into two phases: inspiration and expiration. At the beginning of inspiration, the lungs expand and  free gasses fill the lungs. As the alveoli are filled with this new gas, the concentration of  that fills the alveoli is dependent on the ventilation of the alveoli and the perfusion (blood flow) that is delivering the  for exchange. Once expiration begins to occur, the lung volume decreases as air is forced out the respiratory tract. The volume of  that is exhaled at the end of exhalation is generated as a by product of metabolism from tissue throughout the body. The delivery of  to the alveoli for exhalation is dependent on an intact cardiovascular system to ensure adequate blood flow from the tissue to the alveoli. If cardiac output (the amount of blood that is pumped out of the heart) is decreased, the ability to transport  is also decreased which is reflected in a decreased expired amount of . The relationship of cardiac output and end tidal  is linear, such that as cardiac output increases or decreases, the amount of  is also adjusted in the same manner. Therefore the monitoring of end tidal  can provide vital information on the integrity of the cardiovascular system, specifically how well the heart is able to pump blood.

Paragraph 32: Asa Earl Carter (September 4, 1925 – June 7, 1979) was a 1950s segregationist speech writer, and later Western novelist. He co-wrote George Wallace's well-known pro-segregation line of 1963, "Segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever", and ran in the Democratic primary for governor of Alabama on a segregationist ticket. Years later, under the alias of supposedly Cherokee writer Forrest Carter, he wrote The Rebel Outlaw: Josey Wales (1972), a Western novel that led to a 1976 film featuring Clint Eastwood that was adopted into the National Film Registry, and The Education of Little Tree (1976), a best-selling, award-winning book which was marketed as a memoir but which turned out to be fiction.

Paragraph 33: New York Avenue was planned as one of the original streets in the L'Enfant Plan for Washington, D.C.  It was intended to begin at the Potomac River and extend northeast toward the White House, then continue past the Executive Residence northeast to the boundary of the Federal City. The portion of the street southwest of the White House was to give the President of the United States an uninterrupted view of the river. Construction of the State, War, and Navy Building from 1871 to 1888 blocked this view, and it remains blocked to this day. Originally, it extended to the grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory, but the construction of Rawlins Park in 1873 destroyed a block of New York Avenue between 18th and 19th Streets NW. Its consolidation with Triangle Park and three other "parklets" into a "Little Mall" (in apparent imitation of the nearby National Mall) in 1937 consumed another block between 20th and 21st Streets NW. Construction of the United States Department of War Building (now the Harry S Truman Building, housing the United States Department of State), and an associated park (since January 1959, known as Edward J. Kelly Park) from 1940 to 1941 destroyed the lower three blocks of New York Avenue. Construction of the Theodore Roosevelt Building (which now houses the United States Office of Personnel Management) in 1963 eliminated another block between 19th and 20th Streets NW.  This left a single block of New York Avenue NW, between 17th and 18th Streets NW, southeast of the White House.

Paragraph 34: If a small freight or commuter railroad does not operate on another railroad territory, then there is no interoperability-based reason that obligates them to use  spectrum to implement PTC. In addition, if a small freight or commuter railroad only operates on their own territory and hosts other guest railroads (freight or other passenger rail), there is still no interoperability-based reason the host is obliged to use  spectrum to implement PTC. Such a railroad could implement PTC by freely picking any radio spectrum and requiring the guest railroads to either install compliant PTC equipment (including radios) on board their trains or provide wayside equipment for their guest PTC implementation to be installed on the host railroad property. An interesting case that highlights some of these issues is the northeast corridor. Amtrak operates services on two commuter rail properties it does not own: Metro-North Railroad (owned by New York and Connecticut) and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) (owned by Massachusetts). In theory, Amtrak could have found themselves installing their own PTC system on these host properties (about 15 percent of the corridor), or worse, found themselves in the ridiculous position of trying to install three different PTC systems on each Amtrak train to traverse the commuter properties. This was not the case. Amtrak had a significant head start over the commuter rail agencies on the corridor in implementing PTC. They spent a considerable amount of time in research and development and won early approvals for their ACSES system on the northeast corridor with the FRA. They chose first to use  and then later moved to , in part because of a perceived improvement in radio-system performance and in part because Amtrak was using  in Michigan for their ITCS implementation.  When the commuter agencies on the corridor looked at options for implementing PTC, many of them chose to take advantage of the advance work Amtrak had done and implement the ACSES solution using . Amtrak's early work paid off and meant that they would be traversing commuter properties that installed the same protocol at the same frequency, making them all interoperable. (Actually most of the Northeast Corridor is owned and operated by Amtrak, not the commuter properties, including the tracks from Washington, D.C. to New York Penn Station and the tracks from Philadelphia to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The State of Massachusetts owns the tracks from the Rhode Island state line to the New Hampshire state line, but Amtrak "operates" these lines. Only the line between New York City and New Haven, Connecticut is actually owned and operated by a commuter line.)

Paragraph 35: The first article of the agreement stated that The Government of Sinkiang agrees to extend to the Government of the USSR within the territory of Sinkiang exclusive rights to prospect for, investigate and exploit tin mines and its ancillary minerals. The USSR established a trust known as Sin-Tin as an independent juridical person subject only to legislative procedures of the USSR for implementation of the provisions of the agreement on Concessions in accordance with Article 4 with the right to establish without hindrance branch offices, sub-branch offices and agencies within the whole territory of Sinkiang with all supplies of needs of concessions, deliveries of equipment and materials and other imports from USSR and exports of minerals from Sinkiang free of custom duties and other imposts and taxes and payment of a fixed price of five percent of the cost of mined minerals to the Xinjiang Government. Article 5 stated that  During the period of validity of the present Agreement, the Government of Sinkiang shall guarantee the acquisition of lands, including the felling of timbers, the mining of coal and areas for the procurement of building materials, which may be necessary for the carrying on of the various kinds of works referred to in this Agreement. The Government of Sinkiang shall remove all the population residing in such areas as may have been allotted to Sin-tin. The Agreement granted USSR the right to seize land allotted to Sin-tin in any area of Xinjiang because Article 5 stated that  such areas of land shall be allotted on the application of Sin-tin. In the allotment of such areas of land, there shall be no delay and shall be in strict conformity with the terms of the application. The rental for such allotted areas shall be paid with the products of Sin-tin as provided for in Article 7 Following this agreement on Concessions, large-scale geological exploration expeditions were sent by the Soviets to Xinjiang in 1940 to 1941 and large deposits of uranium, beryllium and other minerals were found in the mountains near Kashgar and in the Altai region. Ores of both minerals continued to be delivered from Xinjiang Altai mines to the USSR until the end of 1949. Soviet geologists continued to work in Xinjiang until 1955, when Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev refused Mao Zedong's demand to hand over the technology to produce PRC nuclear weapons. A Chinese atomic project was initiated using facilities built by the Soviet Union in Chuguchak and Altai in Northern Xinjiang. These facilities were used by the Soviet Union for nuclear weapon design and the creation of the first Soviet atomic bomb, successfully tested in the USSR on 29 August 1949.

Paragraph 36: Ordered to Baltimore, Maryland, April 1862. Duty in the defenses of Baltimore, Md., until September 24, 1862. Moved to Point of Rocks, Maryland, September 24, and guard duty on line of the Potomac River between Berlin and Edward's Ferry, and scouting in Loudoun and Jefferson Counties, Va., until February 1863. Ordered to join Milroy at Winchester, Va., February 3. Woodstock February 25. Strasburg Road and Woodstock February 26 (Companies G and L). Cedar Creek April 13. Reconnaissance toward Wardensville and Strasburg April 20. Operations in the Shenandoah Valley April 22–29. Fisher's Hill, Strasburg Road, April 22 and 26. Scout to Strasburg April 25–30. Strasburg April 28. Fairmont April 29. Scout in Hampshire County May 4–9. Operations about Front Royal Ford and Buck's Ford May 12–26. Piedmont Station May 16 (detachment). Middletown and Newtown June 12. Battle of Winchester June 13–15. Retreat to Harpers Ferry June 15, and duty there until June 30. Moved to Frederick, Md., then to Boonsboro July 8, and joined Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac. Scouting in Virginia until September. Oak Shade September 2. Hazel River September 4. Advance to the Rapidan September 13–17. Culpeper Court House September 13. Bristoe Campaign October 9–22. James City October 10. Near Warrenton October 11. Jeffersonton October 12. Warrenton or White Sulphur Springs October 12–13. Auburn and Bristoe October 14. St. Stephen's Church October 14. Advance to line of the Rappahannock November 7–8. Rappahannock Station November 7. Catlett's Station November 15. Mine Run Campaign November 26-December 2. New Hope Church November 27. Mine Run November 28–30. Scout from Vienna to White Plains December 28–31. Brentsville February 14, 1864. Near Sprigg's Ford February 28 (Company L). Near Greenwich March 6. Scout to Brentsville March 8. Scout to Greenwich March 9. Near Greenwich March 9. Scout to Greenwich March 11. Bristoe Station March 16. Scout to Aldie and Middleburg March 28–29. Bristoe Station April 9. Near Nokesville April 13. Near Milford April 15. Near Middletown April 24. Rapidan Campaign May–June. Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7. Spotsylvania Court House May 8–21; Strasburg May 12 (detachment). North Anna River May 23–26. Rejoined brigade May 26. Haw's Shop May 28. Old Church May 30. Cold Harbor May 31-June 1. Sumner's Upper Bridge June 2. About Cold Harbor June 2–7. Sheridan's Trevilian Raid June 7–24. Trevilian Station June 11–12. White House and St. Peter's Church June 21. Black Creek or Tunstall Station June 21. St. Mary's Church June 24. Charles City Cross Roads June 30. Proctor's Hill July 1. Warwick Swamp July 12. Demonstration north of James River at Deep Bottom July 27–29. Malvern Hill July 28. Warwick Swamp July 30. Demonstration north Of James River at Deep Bottom August 13–20. Gravel Hill August 14. White Oak Swamp August 14–15. Charles City Cross Roads August 16. Strawberry Plains August 16–18. Dinwiddie Road near Ream's Station August 23. Ream's Station August 25. Coggin's Point and Fort Powhatan September 16. Poplar Grove Church September 29-October 2. Wyatt's Farm September 29. Arthur's Swamp September 30-October 1. Stony Creek October 11–12. Boydton Plank Road October 27–28. Reconnaissance's toward Stony Creek November 7 and November 28. Stony Creek Station December 1. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 8–10. Hatcher's Run December 8–9. Dabney's Mills, Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Rowanty Creek February 5. Ordered to Wilmington, N.C., February 17, arriving there March 6. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Reported to Sherman at Fayetteville, N.C.. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Near Raleigh April 12. Occupation of Raleigh April 13. Received surrender of Confederate artillery. Surrender of Johnston and his army at Bennett's House April 26. Duty at Fayetteville and in Department of North Carolina until July.

Paragraph 37: During the PvdA knowledge festival in Nijmegen on 19 February 2000, it was decided that a working group for democratisation would be founded, with the introduction of an elected head of state as its primary issue, which almost all present were in favour of. Early March 2000, MP Femke Halsema (GreenLeft) called for discussion on abolishing the monarchy, because according to her 'the time is ripe', and she pleaded for the establishment of a parliamentary republic after the German model. Even though an elected head of state was in the election programme of GreenLeft, fraction leader Paul Rosenmöller said he found it 'no urgent matter'. D66 leader Thom de Graaf, opining in April 2000 that there was not enough momentum for a republic, instead presented a plan for a 'modern kingship' as an alternative: the king should be 'at a distance, but have authority', comparable to the German president. According to him, the king's membership of the government, chairmanship of the Council of State, role as initiator of the formation and signer of laws was 'outdated', but De Graaf was also against a completely ceremonial Swedish model. GreenLeft, including both Halsema and Rosenmöller, backed De Graaf. The response from the PvdA, which at the time stated in its party platform that the royal house should be replaced by an elected head of state, was disunited: Prime Minister Wim Kok was open to discussion, but said he did not intend to 'change anything about the head of state's constitutional position', as did former Queen's Commissioner Roel de Wit and MP Peter Rehwinkel; other PvdA members such as senator Erik Jurgens spoke in favour of modernisation, still others went a step further and advocated for a republic, such as senator Willem Witteveen, party ideologue Paul Kalma and professor Maarten Hajer. A TNS NIPO survey showed that 27% of the population agreed with De Graaf's plea for modernisation, whilst 67% opposed changing the kingship, and 6% wanted an even stronger kingship. In total, 90% wanted to maintain the monarchy, although 44% agreed with Halsema that hereditary succession was 'outdated'; however, another 44% did not see hereditary succession as a problem at all. On 9 May, De Graaf requested the government to produce a memorandum about the modernisation of the kingship, in which D66 was supported by the PvdA, the SP and GreenLeft (together 75 MPs, 50%). However, the VVD, the CDA and the small Christian fractions (also 75 MPs combined) did not feel the need for a memorandum (although they would not block a discussion on the topic), and Prime Minister Kok said he would only discuss his views on modernisation of the monarchy during his explanation of the General Affairs's budget on Prinsjesdag. On Prinsjesdag 2000, Kok made no proposals to the effect of amending the kingschap; he merely suggested that after elections, Parliament itself could host a consultative debate on who should be appointed informateur, but the eventual choice would remain a royal privilege. D66 responded with disappointment. In November 2000, a tight majority of the D66 party congress backed De Graaf's proposal, whilst over a third of the members voted for a republic.

Paragraph 38: New York Avenue was planned as one of the original streets in the L'Enfant Plan for Washington, D.C.  It was intended to begin at the Potomac River and extend northeast toward the White House, then continue past the Executive Residence northeast to the boundary of the Federal City. The portion of the street southwest of the White House was to give the President of the United States an uninterrupted view of the river. Construction of the State, War, and Navy Building from 1871 to 1888 blocked this view, and it remains blocked to this day. Originally, it extended to the grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory, but the construction of Rawlins Park in 1873 destroyed a block of New York Avenue between 18th and 19th Streets NW. Its consolidation with Triangle Park and three other "parklets" into a "Little Mall" (in apparent imitation of the nearby National Mall) in 1937 consumed another block between 20th and 21st Streets NW. Construction of the United States Department of War Building (now the Harry S Truman Building, housing the United States Department of State), and an associated park (since January 1959, known as Edward J. Kelly Park) from 1940 to 1941 destroyed the lower three blocks of New York Avenue. Construction of the Theodore Roosevelt Building (which now houses the United States Office of Personnel Management) in 1963 eliminated another block between 19th and 20th Streets NW.  This left a single block of New York Avenue NW, between 17th and 18th Streets NW, southeast of the White House.

Paragraph 39: During the normal cycle of respiration, a single breath can be divided into two phases: inspiration and expiration. At the beginning of inspiration, the lungs expand and  free gasses fill the lungs. As the alveoli are filled with this new gas, the concentration of  that fills the alveoli is dependent on the ventilation of the alveoli and the perfusion (blood flow) that is delivering the  for exchange. Once expiration begins to occur, the lung volume decreases as air is forced out the respiratory tract. The volume of  that is exhaled at the end of exhalation is generated as a by product of metabolism from tissue throughout the body. The delivery of  to the alveoli for exhalation is dependent on an intact cardiovascular system to ensure adequate blood flow from the tissue to the alveoli. If cardiac output (the amount of blood that is pumped out of the heart) is decreased, the ability to transport  is also decreased which is reflected in a decreased expired amount of . The relationship of cardiac output and end tidal  is linear, such that as cardiac output increases or decreases, the amount of  is also adjusted in the same manner. Therefore the monitoring of end tidal  can provide vital information on the integrity of the cardiovascular system, specifically how well the heart is able to pump blood.

Paragraph 40: The economist George Dalton, through surveying agrarian peasant economies in areas of West Africa, suggests that in societies where peasant economics is the predominant form of production, those societies generally consist of a community of family units. Dalton defines this community as “a circle of people who live together… so that they share not this or that particular interest, but a whole set of interests wide enough and comprehensive enough to include their lives.”  These communities largely produce for their own subsistence, as opposed to producing for markets. The production processes that occur in these societies center around this subsistence, and the organization of this society into a communal form of production. As Dalton writes of African peasant communities, unemployment and economic depression are not the main issues. Instead, these societies primarily have to contend with issues within the environment, like the weather and plant diseases.  Peasants are also less likely to be specialists in a particular area of production and will spend time across the year doing a wide range of productive activities. Dalton also argued that peasant societies based their economic production much more on cultural and religious tradition, as opposed to purely environmental conditions. He based this on a study of neighboring African peasant societies which had very different cultural practices and social structures. They would have extremely similar environmental conditions and yet would have very different economies, which he argued demonstrated that social structure and culture were the primary determining factors of the economic activity of peasant societies.  Dalton also argued that this is demonstrated in the distribution of the factors of production in peasant societies. Unlike market economies where land, labour, and materials are purchased, in African peasant societies “land for homesteads and farms is acquired through tribal affiliation or kinship right.”  Alongside this, Dalton suggests that much of the organization of work would occur through social relationships within the community, such as “kinship and friendship reciprocity.” He concludes that this largely social and cultural organization of production is due to relative absence of the pressure of market economies to reduce costs and maximize profits, which would “enforce economizing decisions on local producers.” Dalton also argues that peasant societies were generally based on a socially guaranteed subsistence, with reciprocal gifts of produce, materials and livestock based on tribal and social relationships.  These gifts would exchange between members of a particular tribe and would also involve tribute to the chief of the tribe, who would act as a steward of the society, and would maintain a retinue of warriors. These chiefs would also resolve conflicts between tribe members and provide emergency resources. The chief could also call upon members of the tribe to perform labour in service to them, like constructing their huts. 

Paragraph 41: In about 1580, while travelling on the continent, he had met the arch-conspirator Thomas Morgan, and he was persuaded to courier letters to Mary while she was still being held by his former master, the Earl of Shrewsbury. He also assisted the movement of priests in the Catholic Midlands. But by 1586, with Mary removed to the harsher regime of Tutbury and the consequent closing down of communications with her, Babington's role as a courier came to an end. Twice in early 1586 he received letters from France, destined for Mary, but in each case he declined to 'deal further in those affairs'. Around this time he was reportedly considering leaving England permanently and was trying to secure a passport along with his Welsh friend, Thomas Salisbury. He obtained an introduction to Robert Poley, a man with good political contacts, with a view to securing a 'licence' to go to France. Poley, unknown to Babington, was an agent for Francis Walsingham, the Secretary of State, and was under orders to infiltrate known Catholic circles. He probably intentionally failed to obtain a passport for Babington, and instead persuaded him that he, Poley, was a Catholic sympathiser and could be trusted.  It was Babington's misplaced trust of, and possibly even love for, Poley that was a large contributory factor in his eventual downfall.

Paragraph 42: Hector Soberon is a well known theater, film and television actor. He was born in Mexico City. He obtained a bachelor's degree as an electronic engineer and his artistic career began as a professional model in 1987. Emphasized by his discipline, Hector was awarded with the "omni" as the best model for pasarela and fixed photography. He filmed over 100 TV. Commercials for outstanding brands and was selected to be the only model for Hugo Boss in Mexico in that time. In 1992 begins his TV. Trajectory as an actor, working for the two mayor broadcasting companies of greater international prestige in Mexico ( Televisa and TV.Azteca ) where he participated in many series and soap operas of great success such as: "Muchachitas", "Maria la del Barrio", "el Amor no es como lo pintan", "papa soltero" and "mi pequena traviesa" among others. He has participated in films, like just to name a few : "morena", "sexual education in brief lessons", "la curva del olvido" while in the international arena he shares credits with Harvey Keitel and Miguel Sandoval in the film called "Puerto Vallarta Squeeze", and also "cuento sin hadas", "carpem diem". In theater his most outstanding projection came with his participation in the play "ps. Your Cat is Dead" sharing credits with famous actor Mr. Otto Sirgo, where they were both awarded bye the critics as revelations for the years 1997. Hector has also participated as a host for festivals like "Acapulco Fest" and recently participated in radio broadcasting with his own programs. In 2005 Hector decides to go one step forward with his acting career by immigrating to the United States of America, where he was very well received by the audiences after personifying a villain for the soap opera "olvidarte jamas" produced by Univision. Recently we saw him acting the role of a personal disease in the productions "other people's sins" by Telemundo. Hector is currently participating in several projects where emphasizes his passion to his career by delivering all his professionalism, and respect in every single project where he is involved.

Paragraph 43: On 13 November 1941, U-68 was resupplied by the auxiliary cruiser Atlantis under the command of Kapitän zur See Bernhard Rogge. The sea state was 6 to 7 at the meeting place, Rogge and Merten decided to move the meeting place  southwest. The next day, they met again and provisions were transferred to U-68. During the following night, U-68 conducted a number of mock attacks on Atlantis for training purposes. On 23 November, U-68 received the message that Atlantis had been sunk by  while resupplying  under the command of Kapitänleutnant Ernst Bauer. U-126 was able to rescue up 300 German sailors, including Rogge. The Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote (BdU—supreme commander of the U-boat Arm) ordered , under the command of Korvettenkapitän Johann Mohr, , under the command of Kapitänleutnant Nicolai Clausen, and , under the command of Fregattenkapitän Hans Eckermann, to the rescue. Two days later the survivors were transferred to the refueling ship Python. On 30 November, U-68 and UA met with Python for refueling. Immediately Merten and the crew began taking on fuel,  were transferred, as well as replenishing spent torpedoes. UA was late to arrive, unnecessarily delaying the procedure. During the refueling, a smokestack was sighted, sounding the alarms. U-68 had just finished the transfer, but the additional weight of the boat was not yet accounted for, when Python came under attack from . U-68 was not ready for combat, Merten and the crew had difficulties keeping the boat at depth. During the vital phase of the attack U-68 was oscillating between a depth of  and . Holding the boat at periscope depth was impossible. Submerged, the crew of U-68 could hear the sinking of Python. Following the first warning salvo by Dorsetshire, Pythons crew its crew had chosen to scuttle the ship to avoid unnecessary casualties.

Paragraph 44: If a small freight or commuter railroad does not operate on another railroad territory, then there is no interoperability-based reason that obligates them to use  spectrum to implement PTC. In addition, if a small freight or commuter railroad only operates on their own territory and hosts other guest railroads (freight or other passenger rail), there is still no interoperability-based reason the host is obliged to use  spectrum to implement PTC. Such a railroad could implement PTC by freely picking any radio spectrum and requiring the guest railroads to either install compliant PTC equipment (including radios) on board their trains or provide wayside equipment for their guest PTC implementation to be installed on the host railroad property. An interesting case that highlights some of these issues is the northeast corridor. Amtrak operates services on two commuter rail properties it does not own: Metro-North Railroad (owned by New York and Connecticut) and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) (owned by Massachusetts). In theory, Amtrak could have found themselves installing their own PTC system on these host properties (about 15 percent of the corridor), or worse, found themselves in the ridiculous position of trying to install three different PTC systems on each Amtrak train to traverse the commuter properties. This was not the case. Amtrak had a significant head start over the commuter rail agencies on the corridor in implementing PTC. They spent a considerable amount of time in research and development and won early approvals for their ACSES system on the northeast corridor with the FRA. They chose first to use  and then later moved to , in part because of a perceived improvement in radio-system performance and in part because Amtrak was using  in Michigan for their ITCS implementation.  When the commuter agencies on the corridor looked at options for implementing PTC, many of them chose to take advantage of the advance work Amtrak had done and implement the ACSES solution using . Amtrak's early work paid off and meant that they would be traversing commuter properties that installed the same protocol at the same frequency, making them all interoperable. (Actually most of the Northeast Corridor is owned and operated by Amtrak, not the commuter properties, including the tracks from Washington, D.C. to New York Penn Station and the tracks from Philadelphia to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The State of Massachusetts owns the tracks from the Rhode Island state line to the New Hampshire state line, but Amtrak "operates" these lines. Only the line between New York City and New Haven, Connecticut is actually owned and operated by a commuter line.)

Paragraph 45: Don Hayes, lead guitar player, was born in Fairmont, West Virginia in January 1950. He was the second of ten children in his family and he was raised in the small community of Whitehall, WV, outside of Fairmont for seven years until he was moved to the outskirts of Akron, Ohio. Living in the village of Canal Fulton for most of his early years, he graduated from Northwest High School in 1968. Don was an avid athlete in his younger days, he could usually be found hard at a game of baseball or basketball. If the chores were done and there wasn't a game in the works, he could usually be found beating on an old hollow body electric guitar a neighbor had given him. That beater served him well until his parents got him a new solid body Silvertone guitar, which became his mainstay for two or three years. Don grew up listening to just about every kind of music, but snuck in as much Rock & Roll as he could. His favorite guitarists and idols in those years were undoubtedly Don Rich and Duane Eddy. Don started playing in his first band around 16 years of age, "Don & Jerry & the Ghost Riders".  Don and two other members of the band wrote most of the music for the band, if they weren't playin' a gig, he could usually be found playing with his father's country band. Over the years he played in several cover bands; the two most notable were Dave Cutting and the "Nimissilla Creek Band" and Dave Cutting and the "Coyote Junction Band". He also played in three different bands during his tour of duty in Germany with the US Army.  Even though he thought he had retired from playing in bands when he moved to Kentucky in 2002, KBCB kept the pressure on and after several attempts to get him to go to a KBCB practice, he was finally persuaded to attend one. Don was immediately impressed with the fact that KBCB did mostly original material, and with the message left on his answering machine by the band before he even had a chance to return home the evening of that first jam session, a bond of friendship was made that became the history of KBCB. Now every new step is only a new chapter in that history as Don continues to reinvent himself each step of the way.

Paragraph 46: In 1373, John brought about a new alliance against Hesse under the name: Bund der alten Minne (Alliance of the Old Love). It was actually aimed at the conquest of Driedorf, and John seems to have been the leader of the alliance. The members, mostly Sterners, now called themselves: Gesellen der alten Minne (Fellows of the Old Love). The Hessians were defeated by John at Wetzlar, who then plundered the districts of , Giessen, , , Biedenkopf, Caldern, Marburg, and others, and caused great damage to the landgrave everywhere. Perhaps it was a further consequence of this victory that John drove the Hessians out of Driedorf. The settlement of 1378 at least proves that he had regained possession of this castle and district, although there are no definite records of when this happened and how Driedorf was returned to Hesse after 1378. This much is certain: the hostilities against Landgrave Henry and his successors continued for several years after 1373. Anyone who had a dispute with Hesse could count on Johnʼs support. John entered into a special alliance with Count John of Solms in 1375 because of the dispute between the latter and Hesse over the Lordship of Lich. Finally, under the mediation of the Hoch- und Deutschmeister Johann von Hayn and the counts of Katzenelnbogen and Sponheim, a provisional settlement was reached in Friedberg in 1377. A further reconciliation, the conditions of which were not stated, was initiated by Duke Otto I of Brunswick-Göttingen, and also recognised in 1378 at a personal meeting of Herman and John in Frankfurt before counts Rupert of Nassau-Sonnenberg and Diether VIII of Katzenelnbogen as chosen arbitrators, that John should be left undisturbed in the castle of Driedorf and its appurtenances, that the fiefs of the lordship of Itter should be returned to him, that the castle built by Hesse at the River Dill, presumably at Hermannstein, should be dismantled, and that, contrary to custom, no toll should be taken from Johnʼs subjects there. Landgrave Herman, however, did not want to settle down with this decision, but nevertheless promised to give John a hearing before his knights and men on the matter of Driedorf and Itter. Whether this was done is unknown. At least this did not end the dispute. As early as 1379, John joined a new alliance against Hesse, which was established in the Wetterau under the name of the Gesellschaft mit dem Löwen (Society with the Lions). The hostilities continued for more than 30 years, but with several interruptions, especially during the alliance of 1390 against the common enemy, Count John III of Sayn-Wittgenstein, and although they ceased in 1411 by a treaty between Herman and John, they soon resumed under their sons. John also seems to have been a member of a Gesellschaft mit den Hörnern (Society with the Horns), which was also established around this time with the purpose of mutual defence and assistance.

Paragraph 47: Born in Stratford,  Tomlinson completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1802. He went to Virginia for a year to be a private tutor and to study law.  When he returned to Fairfield he continued his studies and was admitted to the bar in 1807. That same year he married Sarah Bradley. He received a Master of Arts, in 1808 from Yale. Their only child, Jabez Huntington Tomlinson, was born in 1818 but died at the young age of 19 in 1838.  Mrs. Tomlinson died in 1842. In 1846, Gideon married Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells Wright, widow of William Wright of Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Paragraph 48: If a small freight or commuter railroad does not operate on another railroad territory, then there is no interoperability-based reason that obligates them to use  spectrum to implement PTC. In addition, if a small freight or commuter railroad only operates on their own territory and hosts other guest railroads (freight or other passenger rail), there is still no interoperability-based reason the host is obliged to use  spectrum to implement PTC. Such a railroad could implement PTC by freely picking any radio spectrum and requiring the guest railroads to either install compliant PTC equipment (including radios) on board their trains or provide wayside equipment for their guest PTC implementation to be installed on the host railroad property. An interesting case that highlights some of these issues is the northeast corridor. Amtrak operates services on two commuter rail properties it does not own: Metro-North Railroad (owned by New York and Connecticut) and Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) (owned by Massachusetts). In theory, Amtrak could have found themselves installing their own PTC system on these host properties (about 15 percent of the corridor), or worse, found themselves in the ridiculous position of trying to install three different PTC systems on each Amtrak train to traverse the commuter properties. This was not the case. Amtrak had a significant head start over the commuter rail agencies on the corridor in implementing PTC. They spent a considerable amount of time in research and development and won early approvals for their ACSES system on the northeast corridor with the FRA. They chose first to use  and then later moved to , in part because of a perceived improvement in radio-system performance and in part because Amtrak was using  in Michigan for their ITCS implementation.  When the commuter agencies on the corridor looked at options for implementing PTC, many of them chose to take advantage of the advance work Amtrak had done and implement the ACSES solution using . Amtrak's early work paid off and meant that they would be traversing commuter properties that installed the same protocol at the same frequency, making them all interoperable. (Actually most of the Northeast Corridor is owned and operated by Amtrak, not the commuter properties, including the tracks from Washington, D.C. to New York Penn Station and the tracks from Philadelphia to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The State of Massachusetts owns the tracks from the Rhode Island state line to the New Hampshire state line, but Amtrak "operates" these lines. Only the line between New York City and New Haven, Connecticut is actually owned and operated by a commuter line.)