Paragraph 1: London Contemporary Dance School and its partner company, London Contemporary Dance Theatre, were founded in 1966 under the governance of the Contemporary Dance Trust. After receiving support from its founder, Robin Howard, the Contemporary Dance Trust moved to 17 Duke's Road in 1969, which it renamed The Place. In 1978, with assistance from the Arts Council and Linbury Trust, The Place underwent a major redevelopment, with new studios created for the School on Flaxman Terrace. In 1982, LCDS began offering a BA Honours degree in Contemporary Dance, validated by the University of Kent. In 1994, London Contemporary Dance Theatre was closed and the Richard Alston Dance Company formed. In October 2001 a £7.5 million redevelopment of The Place, including the construction of six new dance studios, was completed. In the same year LCDS and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA) formed the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama. In 2008 a £1.1 million development at The Place added two new further studios.

Paragraph 2: During the Italian occupation, Gojjam came to be the home of armed bands who resisted the Italian occupiers, whose leaders included Belay Zelleke, Mengesha Jemberie, Negash Bezabih and Hailu Belew. These resistance fighters, known as arbegnoch (or "Patriots"), limited the Italians to only the immediate areas around heavily fortified towns like Debre Markos. Belay Zelleke was even able to fully liberate and run civil administrations in the eastern part of Gojjam and some adjacent woredas in South Wollo and North Shoa. Since the Italians were unable to bring Gojjam under their control, the province was finally chosen by Emperor Haile Selassie as the safest way to return to Ethiopia. During his return, he was supported by the combined forces of the British army, Gojjamie Patriots, and other Ethiopians living abroad before then in fear of persecution by Italians. During the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie, however, the inhabitants of Gojjam rebelled several times due to resentment over ill-treatment of patriots and increased taxes, the latest occasion in 1968—about the same time as the Bale revolt. Unlike in Bale, the central government did not use a military solution to end the revolt, instead replacing the governors and reversing the attempt to levy new taxes; in response to the 1968 revolt, the central government went as far as waiving tax arrears back to 1950.

Paragraph 3: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 4: The New Peace Process commenced with the first Bastar Dialogue, a three-day consultation event held at Tilda Chhattisgarh on 8th June 2018. Just before the December election of 2018, combined efforts by some Left-leaning intellectuals, peace activists, non-governmental organisations and civil society and tribal leaders of Bastar were aimed at opening channels of communication between representatives of the state government and the Maoist rebels. With the central theme of the event being “Finding an alternative path”, the tribal communities caught in the crossfire were the focus of the meeting at Tilda and tribal groups from northeastern states, Andhra Pradesh-Telangana, Jharkhand, Maharashtra came down to Chhattisgarh. Self-rule/autonomy in tribal areas was discussed with emphasis on the sixth Schedule of the constitution. The Bodoland autonomous council, healthcare and educational facilities in Naxal areas and need for tribal leadership to emerge were scrutinised heavily. Among many, the key speakers included the Chairman of the National Commission of Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Nand Kumar Sai; the pioneer of peace negotiations, Prof. Haragopal; former Central Cabinet Minister, Arvind Netam; former Chhattisgarh Finance Minister, Ramchandra Singhdeo; former Madhya Pradesh Chief Secretary, Sharad Chandra Behar; Deshbandhu Chief Editor, Lalit Surjan; Prof. Madhulika Banerjee; and BPS Netam of Sarv Adivasi Samaj. Various activists and journalists also addressed the gathering and expressed their concern for violence in Central India and advocated community-based growth and peaceful living of Adivasis, Dalits and other communities.  A 200km yatra from Andhra Pradesh to Jagdalpur was proposed, symbolic of the route taken by Maoists in 1980. This non-partisan walk would facilitate dialogue as opposed to confrontation. Another key discussion point was the relevance of existing mass media platforms and cultural initiatives that are happening in Central India and how they can be mobilised further to promote peace. Two prominent initiatives were Deepa Kiran's session on storytelling, which emphasised on the need to shift the storytelling paradigm from far removed English speaking western concepts to more experience-based stories, and CGNet’s work on the democratisation of media. As per the report on proceedings of Vikalp Sangam, the 3-day event ‘engaged in understanding the various non-violent alternatives created by people in the field, such as strengthening gram sabhas under PESA; getting access to rights, privileges and dues under the Forest Rights Act (FRA); undertaking a march advocating for peace; and creating alternative models in education, health, media, agriculture and cottage industry. The Sangam was an endeavour to envision an alternative future for the Adivasis, Dalits and the poor through strengthening egalitarianism in self-rule and eco-centric development practices.’ A poll taken on the 3rd and final day of the event revealed that there were 70 people from 11 states, and a majority of people (73%) were from rural India.

Paragraph 5: The New Peace Process commenced with the first Bastar Dialogue, a three-day consultation event held at Tilda Chhattisgarh on 8th June 2018. Just before the December election of 2018, combined efforts by some Left-leaning intellectuals, peace activists, non-governmental organisations and civil society and tribal leaders of Bastar were aimed at opening channels of communication between representatives of the state government and the Maoist rebels. With the central theme of the event being “Finding an alternative path”, the tribal communities caught in the crossfire were the focus of the meeting at Tilda and tribal groups from northeastern states, Andhra Pradesh-Telangana, Jharkhand, Maharashtra came down to Chhattisgarh. Self-rule/autonomy in tribal areas was discussed with emphasis on the sixth Schedule of the constitution. The Bodoland autonomous council, healthcare and educational facilities in Naxal areas and need for tribal leadership to emerge were scrutinised heavily. Among many, the key speakers included the Chairman of the National Commission of Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Nand Kumar Sai; the pioneer of peace negotiations, Prof. Haragopal; former Central Cabinet Minister, Arvind Netam; former Chhattisgarh Finance Minister, Ramchandra Singhdeo; former Madhya Pradesh Chief Secretary, Sharad Chandra Behar; Deshbandhu Chief Editor, Lalit Surjan; Prof. Madhulika Banerjee; and BPS Netam of Sarv Adivasi Samaj. Various activists and journalists also addressed the gathering and expressed their concern for violence in Central India and advocated community-based growth and peaceful living of Adivasis, Dalits and other communities.  A 200km yatra from Andhra Pradesh to Jagdalpur was proposed, symbolic of the route taken by Maoists in 1980. This non-partisan walk would facilitate dialogue as opposed to confrontation. Another key discussion point was the relevance of existing mass media platforms and cultural initiatives that are happening in Central India and how they can be mobilised further to promote peace. Two prominent initiatives were Deepa Kiran's session on storytelling, which emphasised on the need to shift the storytelling paradigm from far removed English speaking western concepts to more experience-based stories, and CGNet’s work on the democratisation of media. As per the report on proceedings of Vikalp Sangam, the 3-day event ‘engaged in understanding the various non-violent alternatives created by people in the field, such as strengthening gram sabhas under PESA; getting access to rights, privileges and dues under the Forest Rights Act (FRA); undertaking a march advocating for peace; and creating alternative models in education, health, media, agriculture and cottage industry. The Sangam was an endeavour to envision an alternative future for the Adivasis, Dalits and the poor through strengthening egalitarianism in self-rule and eco-centric development practices.’ A poll taken on the 3rd and final day of the event revealed that there were 70 people from 11 states, and a majority of people (73%) were from rural India.

Paragraph 6: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 7: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 8: The Responsibility to Protect is a unanimously adopted by all members of the United Nations General Assembly at the 2005 World Summit and articulated in paragraphs 138–139 of the 2005 World Summit Outcome Document: 138. Each individual State has the responsibility to protect its populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. This responsibility entails the prevention of such crimes, including their incitement, through appropriate and necessary means. We accept that responsibility and will act in accordance with it. The international community should, as appropriate, encourage and help States to exercise this responsibility and support the United Nations in establishing an early warning capability. 139. The international community, through the United Nations, also has the responsibility to use appropriate diplomatic, humanitarian and other peaceful means, in accordance with Chapters VI and VIII of the Charter, to help protect populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. In this context, we are prepared to take collective action, in a timely and decisive manner, through the Security Council, in accordance with the Charter, including Chapter VII, on a case-by-case basis and in cooperation with relevant regional organizations as appropriate, should peaceful means be inadequate and national authorities manifestly fail to protect their populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. We stress the need for the General Assembly to continue consideration of the responsibility to protect populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity and its implications, bearing in mind the principles of the Charter and international law. We also intend to commit ourselves, as necessary and appropriate, to helping States build capacity to protect their populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity and to assisting those which are under stress before crises and conflicts break out.140. We fully support the mission of the Special Advisor of the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide.

Paragraph 9: According to the Harivamśapurāna the harivamśa is named after a king, Hari, the first king of Campā, son of a Vidyādhara couple (14–15). Jinasena then briefly describes several generations of kings in the Hari dynasty, listing some of their extraordinary feats (16–17). The eighteenth sarga presents King Yadu in the Hari dynasty giving rise to the Yādava branch in Mathurā and introduces some of the characters known from their equivalents in the Mahabharata: Andhakavrishni and his ten sons (Daśārhas) and two daughters, Kuntī and Mādrī, Bhojakavrishni and his sons Ugrasena, Mahāsena and Devasena, and Jarāsandha, the king of Rājagriha. Andhakavrishni renounces the world after which his eldest son Samudravijaya becomes king. The youngest of the Daśārhas, the handsome Vasudeva, leaves the palace to roam the world for one hundred years. From sarga 19 onwards, twelve chapters are devoted to his adventures, the Vasudevahindi. With Vasudeva’s return and marriage to Rohinī and the birth of Baladeva, we revert to the more traditional epic material (31–32). Sarga 33 introduces Kamsa, the son of Ugrasena who had been abandoned at birth and grew up in the home of Vasudeva. Together with Vasudeva he overthrows Simharatha for Jarāsandha, thus winning the hand of Jarāsandha’s daughter, Jīvadyaśas. Hearing the story of his parentage Kamsa takes control of Mathurā and imprisons his father. He gives the hand of his sister Devakī to Vasudeva. One day Jīvadyaśas insults the ascetic Atimuktaka, who curses her, swearing that her husband and father will die at the hand of Devakī’s seventh son. After a short doctrinal discourse, including the previous birth stories of the future Tīrthankara Nemi, Devakī’s first six children are exchanged by the god Naigama for stillborns (34–35). The birth of the seventh child is announced by seven dreams, the standard narrative theme in the conception of a future Vāsudeva or Ardhacakravartin. Immediately after the birth Vasudeva and Baladeva interchange the baby boy with the daughter of the herdsman Nanda. The girl is disfigured by Kamsa, who thinks he can avoid death if she would be too ugly to get a husband. The boy, Krishna, grows up in the gokula where he survives several attacks of Kamsa (35–36). Kamsa challenges the cowherds to a wrestling match in Mathurā. Krishna and Baladeva take part and triumph, with Krishna ultimately killing Kamsa. Krishna is reunited with his biological parents and Ugrasena is reinstalled as the king of Mathurā. Jarāsandha wants to avenge the death of Kamsa, his son-in-law, and sends his son Kālayavana and his brother Aparājita after the Yādavas, but to no avail.

Paragraph 10: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 11: Lurie then wrote and directed Nothing But the Truth, which is based on the stories of Valerie Plame and Judith Miller, which stars Kate Beckinsale, Matt Dillon, Angela Bassett, Alan Alda and David Schwimmer. Lurie insisted his film is not intended to be an accurate depiction of the Plame Affair, but merely a vehicle to explore a similar situation, which he then takes several steps further. "You look at the story that happened in reality, and Judy Miller gets some sort of permission to speak and then speaks. So what? Nothing really big came of the whole thing," explained Lurie in an interview published prior to the film's release. "I tried to make a movie that's a commercial thriller as well as being something that's topical."

Paragraph 12: According to the Harivamśapurāna the harivamśa is named after a king, Hari, the first king of Campā, son of a Vidyādhara couple (14–15). Jinasena then briefly describes several generations of kings in the Hari dynasty, listing some of their extraordinary feats (16–17). The eighteenth sarga presents King Yadu in the Hari dynasty giving rise to the Yādava branch in Mathurā and introduces some of the characters known from their equivalents in the Mahabharata: Andhakavrishni and his ten sons (Daśārhas) and two daughters, Kuntī and Mādrī, Bhojakavrishni and his sons Ugrasena, Mahāsena and Devasena, and Jarāsandha, the king of Rājagriha. Andhakavrishni renounces the world after which his eldest son Samudravijaya becomes king. The youngest of the Daśārhas, the handsome Vasudeva, leaves the palace to roam the world for one hundred years. From sarga 19 onwards, twelve chapters are devoted to his adventures, the Vasudevahindi. With Vasudeva’s return and marriage to Rohinī and the birth of Baladeva, we revert to the more traditional epic material (31–32). Sarga 33 introduces Kamsa, the son of Ugrasena who had been abandoned at birth and grew up in the home of Vasudeva. Together with Vasudeva he overthrows Simharatha for Jarāsandha, thus winning the hand of Jarāsandha’s daughter, Jīvadyaśas. Hearing the story of his parentage Kamsa takes control of Mathurā and imprisons his father. He gives the hand of his sister Devakī to Vasudeva. One day Jīvadyaśas insults the ascetic Atimuktaka, who curses her, swearing that her husband and father will die at the hand of Devakī’s seventh son. After a short doctrinal discourse, including the previous birth stories of the future Tīrthankara Nemi, Devakī’s first six children are exchanged by the god Naigama for stillborns (34–35). The birth of the seventh child is announced by seven dreams, the standard narrative theme in the conception of a future Vāsudeva or Ardhacakravartin. Immediately after the birth Vasudeva and Baladeva interchange the baby boy with the daughter of the herdsman Nanda. The girl is disfigured by Kamsa, who thinks he can avoid death if she would be too ugly to get a husband. The boy, Krishna, grows up in the gokula where he survives several attacks of Kamsa (35–36). Kamsa challenges the cowherds to a wrestling match in Mathurā. Krishna and Baladeva take part and triumph, with Krishna ultimately killing Kamsa. Krishna is reunited with his biological parents and Ugrasena is reinstalled as the king of Mathurā. Jarāsandha wants to avenge the death of Kamsa, his son-in-law, and sends his son Kālayavana and his brother Aparājita after the Yādavas, but to no avail.

Paragraph 13: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 14: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 15: Lurie then wrote and directed Nothing But the Truth, which is based on the stories of Valerie Plame and Judith Miller, which stars Kate Beckinsale, Matt Dillon, Angela Bassett, Alan Alda and David Schwimmer. Lurie insisted his film is not intended to be an accurate depiction of the Plame Affair, but merely a vehicle to explore a similar situation, which he then takes several steps further. "You look at the story that happened in reality, and Judy Miller gets some sort of permission to speak and then speaks. So what? Nothing really big came of the whole thing," explained Lurie in an interview published prior to the film's release. "I tried to make a movie that's a commercial thriller as well as being something that's topical."

Paragraph 16: After the Germans had lost their forward momentum, Foch considered the time had arrived for the  Allies to return to the  offensive. The  American Expeditionary Force (AEF) under United States General John J. Pershing had arrived in France in large numbers and had invigorated the Allied armies with its extensive resources. Pershing was keen to use his army as an independent force. The  British Expeditionary Force (BEF) had been reinforced by large numbers of troops returned from the Sinai and Palestine campaign and from the  Italian front, and by replacements previously held back in Britain by Prime Minister David Lloyd George.

Paragraph 17: According to the Harivamśapurāna the harivamśa is named after a king, Hari, the first king of Campā, son of a Vidyādhara couple (14–15). Jinasena then briefly describes several generations of kings in the Hari dynasty, listing some of their extraordinary feats (16–17). The eighteenth sarga presents King Yadu in the Hari dynasty giving rise to the Yādava branch in Mathurā and introduces some of the characters known from their equivalents in the Mahabharata: Andhakavrishni and his ten sons (Daśārhas) and two daughters, Kuntī and Mādrī, Bhojakavrishni and his sons Ugrasena, Mahāsena and Devasena, and Jarāsandha, the king of Rājagriha. Andhakavrishni renounces the world after which his eldest son Samudravijaya becomes king. The youngest of the Daśārhas, the handsome Vasudeva, leaves the palace to roam the world for one hundred years. From sarga 19 onwards, twelve chapters are devoted to his adventures, the Vasudevahindi. With Vasudeva’s return and marriage to Rohinī and the birth of Baladeva, we revert to the more traditional epic material (31–32). Sarga 33 introduces Kamsa, the son of Ugrasena who had been abandoned at birth and grew up in the home of Vasudeva. Together with Vasudeva he overthrows Simharatha for Jarāsandha, thus winning the hand of Jarāsandha’s daughter, Jīvadyaśas. Hearing the story of his parentage Kamsa takes control of Mathurā and imprisons his father. He gives the hand of his sister Devakī to Vasudeva. One day Jīvadyaśas insults the ascetic Atimuktaka, who curses her, swearing that her husband and father will die at the hand of Devakī’s seventh son. After a short doctrinal discourse, including the previous birth stories of the future Tīrthankara Nemi, Devakī’s first six children are exchanged by the god Naigama for stillborns (34–35). The birth of the seventh child is announced by seven dreams, the standard narrative theme in the conception of a future Vāsudeva or Ardhacakravartin. Immediately after the birth Vasudeva and Baladeva interchange the baby boy with the daughter of the herdsman Nanda. The girl is disfigured by Kamsa, who thinks he can avoid death if she would be too ugly to get a husband. The boy, Krishna, grows up in the gokula where he survives several attacks of Kamsa (35–36). Kamsa challenges the cowherds to a wrestling match in Mathurā. Krishna and Baladeva take part and triumph, with Krishna ultimately killing Kamsa. Krishna is reunited with his biological parents and Ugrasena is reinstalled as the king of Mathurā. Jarāsandha wants to avenge the death of Kamsa, his son-in-law, and sends his son Kālayavana and his brother Aparājita after the Yādavas, but to no avail.

Paragraph 18: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 19: During the Italian occupation, Gojjam came to be the home of armed bands who resisted the Italian occupiers, whose leaders included Belay Zelleke, Mengesha Jemberie, Negash Bezabih and Hailu Belew. These resistance fighters, known as arbegnoch (or "Patriots"), limited the Italians to only the immediate areas around heavily fortified towns like Debre Markos. Belay Zelleke was even able to fully liberate and run civil administrations in the eastern part of Gojjam and some adjacent woredas in South Wollo and North Shoa. Since the Italians were unable to bring Gojjam under their control, the province was finally chosen by Emperor Haile Selassie as the safest way to return to Ethiopia. During his return, he was supported by the combined forces of the British army, Gojjamie Patriots, and other Ethiopians living abroad before then in fear of persecution by Italians. During the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie, however, the inhabitants of Gojjam rebelled several times due to resentment over ill-treatment of patriots and increased taxes, the latest occasion in 1968—about the same time as the Bale revolt. Unlike in Bale, the central government did not use a military solution to end the revolt, instead replacing the governors and reversing the attempt to levy new taxes; in response to the 1968 revolt, the central government went as far as waiving tax arrears back to 1950.

Paragraph 20: The New Peace Process commenced with the first Bastar Dialogue, a three-day consultation event held at Tilda Chhattisgarh on 8th June 2018. Just before the December election of 2018, combined efforts by some Left-leaning intellectuals, peace activists, non-governmental organisations and civil society and tribal leaders of Bastar were aimed at opening channels of communication between representatives of the state government and the Maoist rebels. With the central theme of the event being “Finding an alternative path”, the tribal communities caught in the crossfire were the focus of the meeting at Tilda and tribal groups from northeastern states, Andhra Pradesh-Telangana, Jharkhand, Maharashtra came down to Chhattisgarh. Self-rule/autonomy in tribal areas was discussed with emphasis on the sixth Schedule of the constitution. The Bodoland autonomous council, healthcare and educational facilities in Naxal areas and need for tribal leadership to emerge were scrutinised heavily. Among many, the key speakers included the Chairman of the National Commission of Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Nand Kumar Sai; the pioneer of peace negotiations, Prof. Haragopal; former Central Cabinet Minister, Arvind Netam; former Chhattisgarh Finance Minister, Ramchandra Singhdeo; former Madhya Pradesh Chief Secretary, Sharad Chandra Behar; Deshbandhu Chief Editor, Lalit Surjan; Prof. Madhulika Banerjee; and BPS Netam of Sarv Adivasi Samaj. Various activists and journalists also addressed the gathering and expressed their concern for violence in Central India and advocated community-based growth and peaceful living of Adivasis, Dalits and other communities.  A 200km yatra from Andhra Pradesh to Jagdalpur was proposed, symbolic of the route taken by Maoists in 1980. This non-partisan walk would facilitate dialogue as opposed to confrontation. Another key discussion point was the relevance of existing mass media platforms and cultural initiatives that are happening in Central India and how they can be mobilised further to promote peace. Two prominent initiatives were Deepa Kiran's session on storytelling, which emphasised on the need to shift the storytelling paradigm from far removed English speaking western concepts to more experience-based stories, and CGNet’s work on the democratisation of media. As per the report on proceedings of Vikalp Sangam, the 3-day event ‘engaged in understanding the various non-violent alternatives created by people in the field, such as strengthening gram sabhas under PESA; getting access to rights, privileges and dues under the Forest Rights Act (FRA); undertaking a march advocating for peace; and creating alternative models in education, health, media, agriculture and cottage industry. The Sangam was an endeavour to envision an alternative future for the Adivasis, Dalits and the poor through strengthening egalitarianism in self-rule and eco-centric development practices.’ A poll taken on the 3rd and final day of the event revealed that there were 70 people from 11 states, and a majority of people (73%) were from rural India.

Paragraph 21: London Contemporary Dance School and its partner company, London Contemporary Dance Theatre, were founded in 1966 under the governance of the Contemporary Dance Trust. After receiving support from its founder, Robin Howard, the Contemporary Dance Trust moved to 17 Duke's Road in 1969, which it renamed The Place. In 1978, with assistance from the Arts Council and Linbury Trust, The Place underwent a major redevelopment, with new studios created for the School on Flaxman Terrace. In 1982, LCDS began offering a BA Honours degree in Contemporary Dance, validated by the University of Kent. In 1994, London Contemporary Dance Theatre was closed and the Richard Alston Dance Company formed. In October 2001 a £7.5 million redevelopment of The Place, including the construction of six new dance studios, was completed. In the same year LCDS and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA) formed the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama. In 2008 a £1.1 million development at The Place added two new further studios.

Paragraph 22: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 23: London Contemporary Dance School and its partner company, London Contemporary Dance Theatre, were founded in 1966 under the governance of the Contemporary Dance Trust. After receiving support from its founder, Robin Howard, the Contemporary Dance Trust moved to 17 Duke's Road in 1969, which it renamed The Place. In 1978, with assistance from the Arts Council and Linbury Trust, The Place underwent a major redevelopment, with new studios created for the School on Flaxman Terrace. In 1982, LCDS began offering a BA Honours degree in Contemporary Dance, validated by the University of Kent. In 1994, London Contemporary Dance Theatre was closed and the Richard Alston Dance Company formed. In October 2001 a £7.5 million redevelopment of The Place, including the construction of six new dance studios, was completed. In the same year LCDS and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts (RADA) formed the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama. In 2008 a £1.1 million development at The Place added two new further studios.

Paragraph 24: The New Peace Process commenced with the first Bastar Dialogue, a three-day consultation event held at Tilda Chhattisgarh on 8th June 2018. Just before the December election of 2018, combined efforts by some Left-leaning intellectuals, peace activists, non-governmental organisations and civil society and tribal leaders of Bastar were aimed at opening channels of communication between representatives of the state government and the Maoist rebels. With the central theme of the event being “Finding an alternative path”, the tribal communities caught in the crossfire were the focus of the meeting at Tilda and tribal groups from northeastern states, Andhra Pradesh-Telangana, Jharkhand, Maharashtra came down to Chhattisgarh. Self-rule/autonomy in tribal areas was discussed with emphasis on the sixth Schedule of the constitution. The Bodoland autonomous council, healthcare and educational facilities in Naxal areas and need for tribal leadership to emerge were scrutinised heavily. Among many, the key speakers included the Chairman of the National Commission of Scheduled Tribes (NCST), Nand Kumar Sai; the pioneer of peace negotiations, Prof. Haragopal; former Central Cabinet Minister, Arvind Netam; former Chhattisgarh Finance Minister, Ramchandra Singhdeo; former Madhya Pradesh Chief Secretary, Sharad Chandra Behar; Deshbandhu Chief Editor, Lalit Surjan; Prof. Madhulika Banerjee; and BPS Netam of Sarv Adivasi Samaj. Various activists and journalists also addressed the gathering and expressed their concern for violence in Central India and advocated community-based growth and peaceful living of Adivasis, Dalits and other communities.  A 200km yatra from Andhra Pradesh to Jagdalpur was proposed, symbolic of the route taken by Maoists in 1980. This non-partisan walk would facilitate dialogue as opposed to confrontation. Another key discussion point was the relevance of existing mass media platforms and cultural initiatives that are happening in Central India and how they can be mobilised further to promote peace. Two prominent initiatives were Deepa Kiran's session on storytelling, which emphasised on the need to shift the storytelling paradigm from far removed English speaking western concepts to more experience-based stories, and CGNet’s work on the democratisation of media. As per the report on proceedings of Vikalp Sangam, the 3-day event ‘engaged in understanding the various non-violent alternatives created by people in the field, such as strengthening gram sabhas under PESA; getting access to rights, privileges and dues under the Forest Rights Act (FRA); undertaking a march advocating for peace; and creating alternative models in education, health, media, agriculture and cottage industry. The Sangam was an endeavour to envision an alternative future for the Adivasis, Dalits and the poor through strengthening egalitarianism in self-rule and eco-centric development practices.’ A poll taken on the 3rd and final day of the event revealed that there were 70 people from 11 states, and a majority of people (73%) were from rural India.

Paragraph 25: During the Italian occupation, Gojjam came to be the home of armed bands who resisted the Italian occupiers, whose leaders included Belay Zelleke, Mengesha Jemberie, Negash Bezabih and Hailu Belew. These resistance fighters, known as arbegnoch (or "Patriots"), limited the Italians to only the immediate areas around heavily fortified towns like Debre Markos. Belay Zelleke was even able to fully liberate and run civil administrations in the eastern part of Gojjam and some adjacent woredas in South Wollo and North Shoa. Since the Italians were unable to bring Gojjam under their control, the province was finally chosen by Emperor Haile Selassie as the safest way to return to Ethiopia. During his return, he was supported by the combined forces of the British army, Gojjamie Patriots, and other Ethiopians living abroad before then in fear of persecution by Italians. During the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie, however, the inhabitants of Gojjam rebelled several times due to resentment over ill-treatment of patriots and increased taxes, the latest occasion in 1968—about the same time as the Bale revolt. Unlike in Bale, the central government did not use a military solution to end the revolt, instead replacing the governors and reversing the attempt to levy new taxes; in response to the 1968 revolt, the central government went as far as waiving tax arrears back to 1950.

Paragraph 26: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 27: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 28: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 29: Yoshimitsu has been positively received by gaming media for his design and characterization. Lucas Sullivan of GamesRadar rated him third on his 2012 selection of the "top 7 best fighting game characters", as his "most impressive trait is how frequently his costume changes." Jack Pooley of WhatCulture, in 2014, ranked him the ninth-greatest fighting game character, and among the genre's "most stylish" characters. Jesse Schedeen of IGN considered the character "just too awesome to be confined to one fighting game series." In 2013, Kevin Wong of Complex ranked him the ninth-best Tekken character out of twenty, calling him "easy to love", but, conversely, a "cheater": "Yoshimitsu's the only character who gets to use a sword, and an unblockable one at that." Rich Knight of Complex considered Yoshimitsu "out of place" in the Tekken series, but "one of the Soul series' best characters." In 2011, Machinima ranked Yoshimitsu as the seventh-best ninja in video games, while Play's Ian Dransfield listed the character among the top ten ninjas on PlayStation consoles: "He used to rob from the rich and give to the poor, but now he just dances around, balancing on the hilt of his sword and annoying whoever he’s fighting against". Lisa Foiles of The Escapist rated Yoshimitsu fifth in her 2014 list of the "top five katana wielders". Ian Garstang of Gaming Debugged commented in 2014: "Many a time gamers angrily walked away from a Tekken arcade machine or tossed a controller down in frustration after losing to this ninja master." In 2010, prior to the release of Street Fighter X Tekken, Michael Grimm of GamesRadar listed Sodom and the cyborg version of Yoshimitsu ("Both bring some pizzazz to the tired old samurai fashion scene") as a matchup he wanted to see in the game. Gergo Vas of Kotaku ranked Yoshimitsu eighth in his 2013 list of the "most insane" cyborgs in Japanese video games". Yoshimitsu was ranked by Den of Geek as the "5th best Tekken character", with comments "He’s a complete wildcard to Tekken who sort of fits but sort of doesn’t. He’s such a staple to that whole universe that even having one Tekken without him would feel wrong." He was also placed 5th on Paste list "The 30 Best Tekken Characters", with comments:"The master of makeovers, this enigmatic ninja has seen more costume changes during his tenure than a runway model. His unusual appearance is matched only by his equally strange fighting style." Additionally, Yoshimitsu was named by TheGamer as the "coolest Tekken character", stating "One of the most beloved characters in the series and one of the only characters to appear in every installment of Tekken, Yoshimitsu is one of the coolest fighting characters ever created." The same site also ranked him as the "14th strongest Tekken character in the franchise", with comments "Thanks to his skills as a ninja, Yoshimitsu has managed to appear invisible at times, as well as accomplishing victory over empowered beings like Bryan Fury. He might not be in the elite level, but he’s very close to it." He was named by Screen Rant as the "5th Best Tekken Character":"A seemingly immortal ninja, the most striking aspect about Yoshimitsu is his appearance, which changes in each game for mysterious reasons and the latest one is seemingly always cooler than the one before."

Paragraph 30: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 31: The next day, Mac and Bloo stop in at the sprawling mansion and are met by Mr. Herriman, the strict business manager. After Bloo explains the situation in comically exaggerated detail, they are given a tour of the house. Frankie, the caregiver, is about to show Mac and Bloo around; however, she is soon called away by the ill-tempered, high-maintenance resident Duchess. Basketball-loving Wilt takes over the tour and introduces Mac and Bloo to the wide variety of imaginary friends that live in the house. Along the way, they meet Coco, who lays plastic eggs when she gets excited and only says "Coco" when she speaks, and the fearsome-looking but soft-hearted Eduardo. Mac and Bloo both think Foster's will be a good place for Bloo to live. However, Frankie tells them that if he stays there, he will be eligible for adoption whenever Mac is not around. Mac promises to stop by after school and departs, taking Coco's eggs with him, leaving Bloo alone with his new housemates who show him their bedroom where he will be sleeping at. Seeing Bloo about to sleep on the floor, Wilt lets him take his bunk in exchange for sleeping on the floor, and they all fall asleep for the night.

Paragraph 32: Stage four was anticipated to be the first test among the GC riders to see who was in the best form being as the stage finished with a climb. In the same region that Luis Ocaña had his famous solo breakaway in 1971. The breakaway of six riders formed and took the majority of the intermediate sprint and mountains points with one of the riders, Tiesj Benoot crashing and actually splitting his seatpost in two. Benoot avoided serious injury and continued the race as the breakaway eventually fragmented with the final escapee in Krists Neilands being caught as the final climb began. Wout van Aert and Sepp Kuss set the pacemaking late in the stage shaking off everyone but the group of favorites. Kuss drove a dominant pace all the way up the climb when with 500 meters to go Guillaume Martin attacked and Kuss peeled off as his teammate Roglič and the rest of the favorites pursued. Roglič won the stage definitively with Tadej Pogačar coming in 2nd, Martin finishing 3rd, Nairo Quintana in 4th and Alaphilippe finishing 5th retaining the yellow jersey. Other favorites in Defending champ Egan Bernal, Dumoulin, Lopez, Mikel Landa and 2nd place overall Adam Yates also came across in good order. Stage five was a flat stage in which several breakaways were attempted, but none actually succeeded. Cosnefroy grabbed the two points to stay in the polka dot jersey while Sam Bennett took the intermediate sprint points and finished 3rd at the finish line, behind Cees Bol and stage winner Wout van Aert, to claim the green jersey from Sagan. The yellow jersey also switched riders as race leader Julian Alaphilippe accepted food inside 20 km to go, which is a penalty for safety reasons, and was docked twenty seconds. As a result, Yates took over the maillot jaune, although he was less than pleased to learn that he was being awarded it in this manner as he stated, "Nobody wants to take the jersey like this. I was on the bus and we were about to leave for the hotel when I got the call…. tomorrow I'll give it everything to defend the jersey…" This was the second time being involved in a controversial swapping of the yellow jersey for Yates as during the 2016 edition when Chris Froome ended up running up Mont Ventoux Yates finished the stage and was temporarily officially in yellow by a few seconds over Froome, until after the stage was over and the Jury decided to give Froome the same time as Bauke Mollema who had also been involved in the incident, which allowed Froome to keep his lead.

Paragraph 33: According to the Harivamśapurāna the harivamśa is named after a king, Hari, the first king of Campā, son of a Vidyādhara couple (14–15). Jinasena then briefly describes several generations of kings in the Hari dynasty, listing some of their extraordinary feats (16–17). The eighteenth sarga presents King Yadu in the Hari dynasty giving rise to the Yādava branch in Mathurā and introduces some of the characters known from their equivalents in the Mahabharata: Andhakavrishni and his ten sons (Daśārhas) and two daughters, Kuntī and Mādrī, Bhojakavrishni and his sons Ugrasena, Mahāsena and Devasena, and Jarāsandha, the king of Rājagriha. Andhakavrishni renounces the world after which his eldest son Samudravijaya becomes king. The youngest of the Daśārhas, the handsome Vasudeva, leaves the palace to roam the world for one hundred years. From sarga 19 onwards, twelve chapters are devoted to his adventures, the Vasudevahindi. With Vasudeva’s return and marriage to Rohinī and the birth of Baladeva, we revert to the more traditional epic material (31–32). Sarga 33 introduces Kamsa, the son of Ugrasena who had been abandoned at birth and grew up in the home of Vasudeva. Together with Vasudeva he overthrows Simharatha for Jarāsandha, thus winning the hand of Jarāsandha’s daughter, Jīvadyaśas. Hearing the story of his parentage Kamsa takes control of Mathurā and imprisons his father. He gives the hand of his sister Devakī to Vasudeva. One day Jīvadyaśas insults the ascetic Atimuktaka, who curses her, swearing that her husband and father will die at the hand of Devakī’s seventh son. After a short doctrinal discourse, including the previous birth stories of the future Tīrthankara Nemi, Devakī’s first six children are exchanged by the god Naigama for stillborns (34–35). The birth of the seventh child is announced by seven dreams, the standard narrative theme in the conception of a future Vāsudeva or Ardhacakravartin. Immediately after the birth Vasudeva and Baladeva interchange the baby boy with the daughter of the herdsman Nanda. The girl is disfigured by Kamsa, who thinks he can avoid death if she would be too ugly to get a husband. The boy, Krishna, grows up in the gokula where he survives several attacks of Kamsa (35–36). Kamsa challenges the cowherds to a wrestling match in Mathurā. Krishna and Baladeva take part and triumph, with Krishna ultimately killing Kamsa. Krishna is reunited with his biological parents and Ugrasena is reinstalled as the king of Mathurā. Jarāsandha wants to avenge the death of Kamsa, his son-in-law, and sends his son Kālayavana and his brother Aparājita after the Yādavas, but to no avail.