Paragraph 1: Shaker Heights began operating its own school system in 1910.  Boulevard Elementary (1914) is the oldest building in the district; Shaker Heights Middle School (1957) (formerly known as Byron Junior High School) is the newest. The schools were designed to complement the natural and architectural beauty of Shaker Heights. Facilities include eight school buildings, mainly of Georgian design; computer labs in all schools; a planetarium; two indoor pools; playgrounds; and athletic fields. The average age of buildings currently in use is 73 years. The system is funded in large part by property tax millage levies approved by residents based upon home valuation.

Paragraph 2: Many of the practices relative to streamers and their display are similar among the services. There are, however, differences, particularly regarding the number of streamers and use of embroidered devices. The Army carries a separate streamer for each important action in all wars in which that service has participated, each embroidered with the name of the action commemorated. Currently, the Army allows 190 streamers, and the Air Force, employing the Army system, carries more than 60. Unlike the Army-Air Force practice, the Marines and Navy use one ribbon for each war, campaign, or theater of operations. Specific actions or battles are highlighted by bronze and silver stars embroidered on the ribbon. The Marine Corps has 57 streamers, the Navy 36, and the Coast Guard uses 43, unadorned by either stars or lettering. Stars on the Marines and Navy streamers follow the practice initiated during the World War II period for ribbons and medals—that is, a bronze service star for each action, and a silver star in lieu of five bronze stars. The Navy applies stars to appropriate ribbons throughout its history, whereas the Marine Corps uses stars to commemorate service starting from 1900. The Navy's Presidential Unit Citation, Navy Unit Commendation, and Meritorious Unit Commendation streamers each carry a red number rather than stars, representing the number of times that the respective award has been conferred upon Navy units.

Paragraph 3: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Platoon Leader attached to Company C, Fifth Pioneer Battalion, Fifth Marine Division, in action against enemy Japanese forces on Iwo Jima, Volcano Islands, 26 March 1945. With his sector of the Fifth Pioneer Battalion bivouac area penetrated by a concentrated enemy attack launched a few minutes before dawn, First Lieutenant Martin instantly organized a firing line with the Marines nearest his foxhole and succeeded, in checking momentarily the headlong rush of the Japanese. Determined to rescue several of his men trapped in positions overrun by the enemy, he defied intense hostile fire to work his way through the Japanese to the surrounded Marines. Although sustaining two severe wounds, he blasted the Japanese who attempted to intercept him, located his beleaguered men and directed them to their own lines. When four of the infiltrating enemy took possession of an abandoned machine-gun pit and subjected his sector to a barrage of hand grenades, First Lieutenant Martin alone and armed only with a pistol, boldly charged the hostile position and killed all its occupants. Realizing that his remaining comrades could not repulse another organized attack, he called to his men to follow and then charged into the midst of the strong enemy force, firing his weapon and scattering them until he fell, mortally wounded by a grenade. By his outstanding valor, indomitable fighting spirit and tenacious determination in the face of overwhelming odds, First Lieutenant Martin permanently disrupted a coordinated Japanese attack and prevented a greater loss of life in his own and adjacent platoons and his inspiring leadership and unswerving devotion to duty reflect the highest credit upon himself and the United States Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life in service of his country.

Paragraph 4: Cleanth Brooks used the Ode: Intimation of Immortality as one of his key works to analyse in his 1947 work The Well Wrought Urn. His analysis broke down the ode as a poem disconnected from its biographical implications and focused on the paradoxes and ironies contained within the language. In introducing his analysis, he claimed that it "may be surmised from what has already been remarked, the 'Ode' for all its fine passages, is not entirely successful as a poem. Yet, we shall be able to make our best defense of it in proportion as we recognize and value its use of ambiguous symbol and paradoxical statement. Indeed, it might be maintained that, failing to do this, we shall miss much of its power as poetry and even some of its accuracy of statement." After breaking down the use of paradox and irony in language, he analyses the statements about the childhood perception of glory in Stanza VI and argued, "This stanza, though not one of the celebrated stanzas of the poem, is one of the most finely ironical. Its structural significance too is of first importance, and has perhaps in the past been given too little weight." After analysing more of the poem, Brooks points out that the lines in Stanza IX contains lines that "are great poetry. They are great poetry because ... the children are not terrified... The children exemplify the attitude toward eternity which the other philosopher, the mature philosopher, wins to with difficulty, if he wins to it at all." In his conclusion about the poem, he argues, "The greatness of the 'Ode' lies in the fact that Wordsworth is about the poet's business here, and is not trying to inculcate anything. Instead, he is trying to dramatize the changing interrelations which determine the major imagery." Following Brooks in 1949, C. M. Bowra stated, "There is no need to dispute the honour in which by common consent it [the ode] is held" but he adds "There are passages in the 'Immortal Ode' which have less than his usual command of rhythm and ability to make a line stand by itself... But these are unimportant. The whole has a capacious sweep, and the form suits the majestic subject... There are moments when we suspect Wordsworth of trying to say more than he means. Similarly, George Mallarby also revealed some flaws in the poem in his 1950 analysis: "In spite of the doubtful philosophical truth of the doctrine of pre-existence borrowed from Platon, in spite of the curiously placed emphasis and an exuberance of feeling somewhat artificially introduced, in spite of the frustrating and unsatisfying conclusion, this poem will remain, so long as the English language remains, one of its chief and unquestionable glories. It lends itself, more than most English odes, to recitation in the grand manner."

Paragraph 5: Ioan Lupescu, nicknamed Kaiserul was born on 9 December 1968 in Bucharest, Romania and started to play football in 1975 at the youth of Austrian club, Admira Wacker, the club where his father, Nicolae played until his retirement. When his family returned to Romania, he went to play for Rapid București, being rejected after a trial, but after his family moved from Grivița to the Pantelimon neighborhood he went to play for junior squad of the team his father was senior coach, Mecanică Fină București, but after a while at the pressure of his mother who wanted to see him play for a bigger team he went at Dinamo București's youth center where he worked with Iosif Varga. On 21 September 1986 at age 17, he made his Divizia A debut under coach Mircea Lucescu in a 4–1 home victory against SC Bacău, also Lucescu gave him the captain armband at age 19. The highlights of his period spent with The Red Dogs were the quarter-finals reached in the 1988–89 European Cup Winners' Cup where they were eliminated on the away goals rule after 1–1 on aggregate by Sampdoria and in the following season the club won the title and the cup with Lupescu playing 29 Divizia A matches with four goals scored, also appearing in 6 matches in which he scored one goal in the 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup where Dinamo reached the semi-finals where they were eliminated after 2–0 on aggregate by Anderlecht. After the 1989 Romanian Revolution, Lupescu had offers to play in Italy from Bologna and Mircea Lucescu's team, Pisa, but he chose to make his own path in football, going to play in Germany for Bayer Leverkusen where he made his Bundesliga debut on 11 August 1990 when he was sent by coach Jürgen Gelsdorf in the 68th minute in order to replace Marcus Feinbier in a 1–1 against Bayern Munich, but the biggest performances achieved during his 6 seasons spent at the club were under coach Dragoslav Stepanović which consisted of the triumph in the 1992–93 DFB-Pokal and the reaching of the 1994–95 UEFA Cup semi-finals with Lupescu making 10 appearances in the campaign. In 1996 he went to play for two seasons at fellow Bundesliga team, Borussia Mönchengladbach, afterwards returning in Romania at Dinamo where in the 1999–00 season he helped the club win The Double, being used by coach Cornel Dinu in 29 Divizia A matches in which he scored six goals. In 2000, Lupescu went to play in Turkey only for a half of season in which he was also the team's captain, after which he paid his termination clause of 225.000$ in order to come back at Dinamo, helping the team win at the end of the season the 2000–01 Cupa României. He started the 2001–02 season at Dinamo, but in October 2001, he signed a contract with Saudi Arabia club Al-Hilal, working with Portuguese coach Artur Jorge, but could not adapt, because of the high climate, leaving the club in January 2002, however at the end of the season, both clubs won the title. Ioan Lupescu has a total of 227 matches and 10 goals scored in Bundesliga, 183 matches and 25 goals scored in Divizia A, 9 games with two goals scored in Süper Lig, 5 appearances and one goal scored in Saudi Premier League and 46 games played with 3 goals scored in European competitions (including 2 appearances and one goal in the Intertoto Cup).

Paragraph 6: Many of the practices relative to streamers and their display are similar among the services. There are, however, differences, particularly regarding the number of streamers and use of embroidered devices. The Army carries a separate streamer for each important action in all wars in which that service has participated, each embroidered with the name of the action commemorated. Currently, the Army allows 190 streamers, and the Air Force, employing the Army system, carries more than 60. Unlike the Army-Air Force practice, the Marines and Navy use one ribbon for each war, campaign, or theater of operations. Specific actions or battles are highlighted by bronze and silver stars embroidered on the ribbon. The Marine Corps has 57 streamers, the Navy 36, and the Coast Guard uses 43, unadorned by either stars or lettering. Stars on the Marines and Navy streamers follow the practice initiated during the World War II period for ribbons and medals—that is, a bronze service star for each action, and a silver star in lieu of five bronze stars. The Navy applies stars to appropriate ribbons throughout its history, whereas the Marine Corps uses stars to commemorate service starting from 1900. The Navy's Presidential Unit Citation, Navy Unit Commendation, and Meritorious Unit Commendation streamers each carry a red number rather than stars, representing the number of times that the respective award has been conferred upon Navy units.

Paragraph 7: The Treaty of Campo Formio resulted in Austria becoming the largest, and indeed the only, naval power in the Adriatic. Prior to the incorporation of the remnants of the Venetian navy, the Austrian Navy only consisted of the two cutters purchased in 1786, as well as several armed merchant vessels and gunboats. While Venice had suffered under French occupation, and the ships Austria acquired from the city's annexation allowed the Austrian Navy to grow to some 37 vessels by the start of the War of the Second Coalition in 1799. These ships mostly consisted of small coastal craft, with some 111 guns and 787 crew members between them. This still remained a very small naval force, which with an average of just three guns and 21 crew members per ship, was largely unable to project power outside of the Adriatic or protect Austrian shipping in the Mediterranean. When the Austrian Army took Ancona in 1799, three former Venetian ships of the line, Laharpe, Stengel and Beyrand, were seized by the Austrians. Despite having 74 guns per-ship, far more than any other vessels in the Adriatic, the Austrian government chose to sell the ships for breaking rather than incorporate them into the Navy.

Paragraph 8: This final was a rather typical "kicker's race," with a mostly slow early pace, and a very quick last lap.  The strongest pre-race favourite, Morocco's Said Aouita, led for over 200 metres.  After that, Kenya's John Ngugi moved into the lead.  However, until about 2,200 metres, he ran wide either on the second lane or on the first lane's outer edge.  After 900 metres, Ireland's John Treacy injected a more respectable speed into the sluggish early race.  Despite his noticeable acceleration, Treacy's 1,000-metre split was only 2:49.96.  After 1,600 metres, Ngugi again took the lead.  As he led the 15-man field through 2,000 metres in 5:34.93, the runners were tightly clustered behind him.  After 2,200 metres, the Kenyan suddenly surged.  Only Aouita and Ireland's Frank O'Mara followed Ngugi closely.  Before that lap was over, however, Ngugi slowed down again, and the field closed the gap on him.  Due to Ngugi's surge, the 3,000-metre split was 8:16.19.  The pace remained moderate during the fourth kilometre, with Ngugi leading at 4,000 metres in 10:58.60.  Then the field began to break up.  Britain's Steve Ovett, Ireland's Treacy, Canada's Carey Nelson, and Spain's Abel Anton started to lose contact with the main group.  Another pre-race favourite, Switzerland's Pierre Deleze, had accelerated to the third place behind Ngugi and Aouita at 4,000 metres.  Ovett was able to temporarily catch the leaders by 4,400 metres.  Sydney Maree of the United States had drifted to the rear of the main group.  By the second last home straight, also Ireland's O'Mara began to struggle with the increasing pace.  Shortly before 4,600 metres, Aouita eased past Ngugi, and the Moroccan's unofficial split at 4,600 metres was 12:33.52.  Portugal's Domingos Castro sprinted past Deleze into the second place on the final lap's front bend.  Britain's Jack Buckner, Belgium's Vincent Rousseau, Ngugi, Bulgaria's Evgeni Ignatov, Britain's Tim Hutchings, Portugal's Dionisio Castro, O'Mara, Maree, and Ovett were still in contention.  However, on the final back straight, Aouita further accelerated his pace, and only Domingos Castro and Deleze were able to follow him.  Buckner and Rousseau formed the first chasing group, with Ignatov, Hutchings, and Dionisio Castro fighting for the sixth place.  Ngugi drifted to the leading group's rear, and Ovett and Maree were about to pass him.  By 4,800 metres, Aouita's victory already started to look certain, but Domingos Castro tenaciously remained ahead of Deleze.  On the final home straight, Aouita's superior middle-distance runner's speed took him to an easy and clear victory.  Domingos Castro was able to secure the silver medal, while Deleze faded badly during the last 20 metres, losing the bronze medal to the quickly finishing Buckner.  Unofficially, Aouita sprinted the final 400 metres in 52.92 seconds.  (The World Athletics Championships in Rome / Yleisurheilun MM-kisat Roomassa, Helsinki, Finland:  The Runner Magazine (Juoksija-lehti), 1987;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_sU4ncDVLY  1987, Frank O'Mara & John Treacy, 5000m Final, IAAF World Championships, Rome.)

Paragraph 9: Today, bulk carriers make up 21 percent of the world's merchant fleets, and they range in size from single-hold mini-bulk carriers to mammoth ore ships able to carry 400,000 metric tons of deadweight (DWT). A number of specialized designs exist: some can unload their own cargo, some depend on port facilities for unloading, and some even package the cargo as it is loaded. Over half of all bulk carriers have Greek, Japanese, or Chinese owners, and more than a quarter are registered in Panama. South Korea is the largest single builder of bulk carriers, and 82 percent of these ships were built in Asia.

Paragraph 10: The programmes broadcast for 26 consecutive Saturdays on Commercial Radio Channel 1 (AM864) until 10 December 2005. "Hong Kong-Pak This Evening" and "Nepal Darshan" were on air from 08:00pm to 08:30pm and from 08:30pm to 09:00pm respectively. The Urdu programme was hosted by Abid Ali Baig, who is a poet and writer, who had been working in the broadcasting industry for 30 years in Pakistan; whereas the Nepali one was hosted by Pushpa Kumar Rai, who had worked in the former British Forces Broadcasting Service for almost 20 years and he is familiar to many Nepalese ears in Hong Kong. The programmes comprise mainly music, news, sport, current affairs and community services related to the respective ethnic groups; local celebrities from the ethnic groups were also invited to talk about their own cultures and their assimilation into the community.

Paragraph 11: Another storyline featuring Wicksy was begun in 1988 with the on-screen arrival of a love-interest, Cindy Williams (Michelle Collins). In the storyline, Cindy had a fling with Wicksy before opting to have a more serious relationship with his  half brother, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Colin Brake suggested that with this storyline, EastEnders were sowing the seeds of a situation that would provide much story material for years to come. In the storyline, Cindy and Simon committed to relationships with other people, but remained drawn to each other, resulting in a one-night stand and Cindy falling pregnant with Simon's baby. In a further plot twist, Cindy, rejected by Simon, married Ian and appropriated him as the father of Steven Beale, Wicksy's baby. The love triangle continued into 1990, resulting in Cindy leaving Ian for Wicksy. The episode where Ian discovered that Simon was Cindy's other man was dubbed by the script department as "the Devon Cottage Climax" and aired in September 1990. Colin Brake hailed it as the best episode of EastEnders that year. Having set up the secret that Steven was Simon's son rather than Ian's, script writers devised a way in which to reveal this secret, and according to Brake, the entire love triange storyline built up to this climax. In the on-screen events, Wicksy spent time with Steven and Cindy at her parents' cottage in Devon, but the idyll was shattered by the arrival of Ian. In his description of the episode, Brake said, "the scene was set. Debbie Cook's scripts took Pete and Ian, with his leg in plaster, to Devon for a confrontation that would contain elements of tragedy and farce. Particularly memorable was Ian furiously throwing bricks through the window of the [cottgae], followed by one of his crutches. This episode ended ominously with Ian finding Cindy's father's shotgun and stealing it ... Directed by Matthew Evans, these episodes not only brought the story to a good climax but also laid the roots for the next three months' worth of stories, building up to Wicksy and Cindy's final exit."

Paragraph 12: In comparison to Cliff, Clair is usually the tougher and more sensible parent, offering her children legitimate advice that they can actually apply to their everyday lives; it remains clear to audiences that Clair runs the household. AskMen's Geoffrey Lansdell agreed that the character "rel[ies] on a sly maternal quality that fed off of Bill Cosby’s silly paternal playfulness". However, there are occasionally times when Clair resorts to the "wait till your father gets home" method of disciplining her children. Clair generally accepts her children's decisions and ever-changing ambitions, specifically in regards to schooling, marriage and careers. Both Clair and Cliff value the importance of proper education in their children's lives, appearing proudest when they do well in school, but delivering the most serious punishments when they underperform academically. On one occasion, Theo rebels against his parents' high expectations of him, arguing, "Because of what you two have achieved, the whole world expects a lot more from us than other kids. Let’s face it, there’s nowhere else left for us to go but down," a statement Clair immediately reprimands him for making. When it comes to parenting, Clair usually maintains "an allure of cool, calm confidence ... exhibit[ing] a strong but gentle parenting stance, one that wasn’t seen on television by a woman of color" at the time, according to Global Grind's Desire Thompson. Clair practices disciplining her children without ever punishing them physically, often delivering punishments "with a calm charm", and raises her four daughters to love and respect themselves. However, she is also known for ranting at her children when she loses her temper, one of her most recognizable of which is the one she gives Vanessa when she attends a concert in Baltimore against her parents' wishes. In the Season 3 episode "The Shower", Denise hosts a wedding shower for a close friend who gets pregnant on purpose to blackmail her parents into letting her marry her fiancé as soon as possible. When Denise broaches the subject of how she would handle a similar situation, Clair sternly – but rather comically – insists that she will never find herself in a similar situation. Despite her seriousness and disciplinarian status, Clair seldom shies away from laughing and participating in fun activities alongside her family as opposed to simply observing them from the sidelines. The character is also fond of relaxing and taking time to herself away from her children whenever necessary.

Paragraph 13: Battle Group 10 crossed into Angola at Ruacana just before midnight on 23 August and headed northwards through dense bush to their forming point which was 12 km north-west of Humbe. They arrived at their form-up point on time despite encountering obstacles not shown on their maps. At this point they found that H-Hour had been moved back one hour to 11h30 due to the eastern battle groups of Task Force Alpha encountering navigation problems on their march to Xangongo. Commandant de Vries divided his force into two combat teams, one of Ratel-20s, Ratel-90s and 81mm mortars in the attack group and the second team as a mobile reserve of Buffels and Eland-90's, with the 140 mm artillery in the rear. As Battle Group 10 followed the road south-east to Humbe, the SAAF began to bomb the town of Xangongo.  The group's artillery began firing 140 mm artillery rounds at Humbe but was informed by their aerial spotter plane that the trenches close to the town seem abandoned and nor was there any enemy to the battle group's rear in the direction of Cahama. The artillery fire was ceased and their alternative target at Techiulo, that was closer, was then taken without incident as FAPLA soldiers fled on seeing the battle group arrive, leaving behind a group of Irish Catholic nuns at the mission station in the village. By 12h30 the group was heading back towards Humbe passing by the empty trenches and sighting no fleeing enemy from Xangongo, entered the empty town of Humbe. They soon left the town and positioned themselves within 3 km of the bridge over the Cunene River and Xangongo. The two combat teams of Ratel-20's and paratroopers were then sent closer to the river and began to encounter contact with FAPLA troops fleeing Xangongo. By dusk the river plain was under the battle group's control and they laagered there overnight though sporadic fire could be heard overnight from Xangongo. Apart from being woken and called to arms when a FAPLA column attempted a break-out from Xangongo via the bridge, this was taken care of by the other battle groups and they were stood down and rest of the night was peaceful for Battle Group 10. On 25 August, after gathering up enemy equipment on the river plain, Battle Group 10 crossed the bridge over the Cunene river and by 09h00 they were in Xangongo. Their mission would be to hold the town, protect the task force from FAPLA to the north-west while the other battle groups pursued their objectives in the south-east.

Paragraph 14: WAVE is available on cable providers in the eastern portion of the Evansville market (in Dubois and Perry counties), the southern portion of the Indianapolis (in Lawrence County) and Cincinnati (in Ripley and Switzerland counties in Indiana, and Owen County in Kentucky) markets, and the northern portion of the small Bowling Green market (in Hart County). WAVE had been carried on Frankfort Plant Board's cable system in Frankfort, which is part of the Lexington market; cable providers in Frankfort have carried stations from both Lexington and Louisville for decades. On December 20, 2017, the Frankfort Plant Board announced that it would drop WAVE and competitor WHAS on January 1, 2018 in order to curb rising retransmission consent costs that were being passed on to its customers. While they announced the continued carriage of WHAS on December 29, 2017; WAVE was still dropped on January 1. On December 28, 2020, the FPB Board of Directors voted to approve a retransmission consent agreement with Gray Television negotiated by the National Cable Television Cooperative for WAVE and in-market CBS affiliate WKYT, bringing the NBC affiliate back starting in January 2021. After the three year hiatus, WAVE officially returned to its former channel slots on 3 and 503 on January 12, 2021. FPB also began carrying Grit from WAVE-DT4 on channel 98 following the discontinuation of the network on in-market ABC affiliate WTVQ-DT's seventh subchannel. The latter practice ended when in-market NBC affiliate WLEX-TV replaced their MeTV affiliation with Grit in September 2022.

Paragraph 15: In the reign of Catherine I, he became a member of the Supreme Privy Council, which had the chief conduct of affairs during this and the succeeding reigns. The empress also entrusted him with her last will whereby she appointed the young Peter II her successor and Golovkin one of his guardians. On the death of Peter II in 1730, he declared openly in favour of Anna, duchess of Courland, in opposition to the aristocratic Dolgorukovs and Galitzines, and his determined attitude on behalf of autocracy was the chief cause of the failure of the proposed constitution, which would have converted Russia into a limited monarchy. Under Anna, he was a member of the first cabinet formed in Russia, but had less influence in affairs than Osterman and Munnich.

Paragraph 16: Peterson arrived with the convoy at Derry and returned to New York 28 March where she was joined by . Departing New York 15 April with an Ireland bound convoy, Peterson was detached the following day to escort two merchant ships, which had collided, back to New York. En route to rejoin the convoy later on the same day, Peterson joined Gandy and  in rescuing survivors of the torpedoed Pan Pennsylvania and destroying the attacker. At 13:45 Joyce reported a hot sound contact and the last survivors scrambled on board Peterson just as Joyce dropped a pattern of depth charges. The submarine shot to the surface at 14:00. Gandy opened fire on the U-boat which returned fire until rammed with a glancing blow by Gandy two minutes later. Peterson commenced firing at 14:04 to lay open the conning tower, and as she passed alongside the submarine, fired two shallow-set depth charges at close range from her starboard "K" guns. At 1409 the submarine surrendered and the crew commenced abandoning the sinking boat. Joyce picked up the crew and  slid beneath the waves at 14:30. The three escorts rejoined the convoy and steamed safely to Lisahally, Northern Ireland, returning to New York 12 May 1944.

Paragraph 17: Many of the practices relative to streamers and their display are similar among the services. There are, however, differences, particularly regarding the number of streamers and use of embroidered devices. The Army carries a separate streamer for each important action in all wars in which that service has participated, each embroidered with the name of the action commemorated. Currently, the Army allows 190 streamers, and the Air Force, employing the Army system, carries more than 60. Unlike the Army-Air Force practice, the Marines and Navy use one ribbon for each war, campaign, or theater of operations. Specific actions or battles are highlighted by bronze and silver stars embroidered on the ribbon. The Marine Corps has 57 streamers, the Navy 36, and the Coast Guard uses 43, unadorned by either stars or lettering. Stars on the Marines and Navy streamers follow the practice initiated during the World War II period for ribbons and medals—that is, a bronze service star for each action, and a silver star in lieu of five bronze stars. The Navy applies stars to appropriate ribbons throughout its history, whereas the Marine Corps uses stars to commemorate service starting from 1900. The Navy's Presidential Unit Citation, Navy Unit Commendation, and Meritorious Unit Commendation streamers each carry a red number rather than stars, representing the number of times that the respective award has been conferred upon Navy units.

Paragraph 18: Battle Group 10 crossed into Angola at Ruacana just before midnight on 23 August and headed northwards through dense bush to their forming point which was 12 km north-west of Humbe. They arrived at their form-up point on time despite encountering obstacles not shown on their maps. At this point they found that H-Hour had been moved back one hour to 11h30 due to the eastern battle groups of Task Force Alpha encountering navigation problems on their march to Xangongo. Commandant de Vries divided his force into two combat teams, one of Ratel-20s, Ratel-90s and 81mm mortars in the attack group and the second team as a mobile reserve of Buffels and Eland-90's, with the 140 mm artillery in the rear. As Battle Group 10 followed the road south-east to Humbe, the SAAF began to bomb the town of Xangongo.  The group's artillery began firing 140 mm artillery rounds at Humbe but was informed by their aerial spotter plane that the trenches close to the town seem abandoned and nor was there any enemy to the battle group's rear in the direction of Cahama. The artillery fire was ceased and their alternative target at Techiulo, that was closer, was then taken without incident as FAPLA soldiers fled on seeing the battle group arrive, leaving behind a group of Irish Catholic nuns at the mission station in the village. By 12h30 the group was heading back towards Humbe passing by the empty trenches and sighting no fleeing enemy from Xangongo, entered the empty town of Humbe. They soon left the town and positioned themselves within 3 km of the bridge over the Cunene River and Xangongo. The two combat teams of Ratel-20's and paratroopers were then sent closer to the river and began to encounter contact with FAPLA troops fleeing Xangongo. By dusk the river plain was under the battle group's control and they laagered there overnight though sporadic fire could be heard overnight from Xangongo. Apart from being woken and called to arms when a FAPLA column attempted a break-out from Xangongo via the bridge, this was taken care of by the other battle groups and they were stood down and rest of the night was peaceful for Battle Group 10. On 25 August, after gathering up enemy equipment on the river plain, Battle Group 10 crossed the bridge over the Cunene river and by 09h00 they were in Xangongo. Their mission would be to hold the town, protect the task force from FAPLA to the north-west while the other battle groups pursued their objectives in the south-east.

Paragraph 19: Another storyline featuring Wicksy was begun in 1988 with the on-screen arrival of a love-interest, Cindy Williams (Michelle Collins). In the storyline, Cindy had a fling with Wicksy before opting to have a more serious relationship with his  half brother, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Colin Brake suggested that with this storyline, EastEnders were sowing the seeds of a situation that would provide much story material for years to come. In the storyline, Cindy and Simon committed to relationships with other people, but remained drawn to each other, resulting in a one-night stand and Cindy falling pregnant with Simon's baby. In a further plot twist, Cindy, rejected by Simon, married Ian and appropriated him as the father of Steven Beale, Wicksy's baby. The love triangle continued into 1990, resulting in Cindy leaving Ian for Wicksy. The episode where Ian discovered that Simon was Cindy's other man was dubbed by the script department as "the Devon Cottage Climax" and aired in September 1990. Colin Brake hailed it as the best episode of EastEnders that year. Having set up the secret that Steven was Simon's son rather than Ian's, script writers devised a way in which to reveal this secret, and according to Brake, the entire love triange storyline built up to this climax. In the on-screen events, Wicksy spent time with Steven and Cindy at her parents' cottage in Devon, but the idyll was shattered by the arrival of Ian. In his description of the episode, Brake said, "the scene was set. Debbie Cook's scripts took Pete and Ian, with his leg in plaster, to Devon for a confrontation that would contain elements of tragedy and farce. Particularly memorable was Ian furiously throwing bricks through the window of the [cottgae], followed by one of his crutches. This episode ended ominously with Ian finding Cindy's father's shotgun and stealing it ... Directed by Matthew Evans, these episodes not only brought the story to a good climax but also laid the roots for the next three months' worth of stories, building up to Wicksy and Cindy's final exit."

Paragraph 20: Peterson arrived with the convoy at Derry and returned to New York 28 March where she was joined by . Departing New York 15 April with an Ireland bound convoy, Peterson was detached the following day to escort two merchant ships, which had collided, back to New York. En route to rejoin the convoy later on the same day, Peterson joined Gandy and  in rescuing survivors of the torpedoed Pan Pennsylvania and destroying the attacker. At 13:45 Joyce reported a hot sound contact and the last survivors scrambled on board Peterson just as Joyce dropped a pattern of depth charges. The submarine shot to the surface at 14:00. Gandy opened fire on the U-boat which returned fire until rammed with a glancing blow by Gandy two minutes later. Peterson commenced firing at 14:04 to lay open the conning tower, and as she passed alongside the submarine, fired two shallow-set depth charges at close range from her starboard "K" guns. At 1409 the submarine surrendered and the crew commenced abandoning the sinking boat. Joyce picked up the crew and  slid beneath the waves at 14:30. The three escorts rejoined the convoy and steamed safely to Lisahally, Northern Ireland, returning to New York 12 May 1944.

Paragraph 21: As a fugitive, Putik and his men continued to instill terror in Cavite. Among the cases he was involved in were the illegal cultivation of marijuana and money extortion activities. On February 10, 1971, the National Bureau of Investigation's Narcotics division surveyed a marijuana plantation in Imus, Cavite allegedly being protected by Putik. Two NBI Agents, Rogelio Domingo and Antonio Dayao were captured, tortured, and killed by Nardong Putik and his men. The incident sealed Putik's fate: Angered by the heinous crime, NBI Director Jolly Bugarin ordered all his Agents to capture dead or alive Nardo and all responsible for the death of Agents Domingo and Dayao. NBI Agent Epimaco "Eppy" Velasco was then installed as the new Chief of the NBI Narcotics Division. In a month's time, they were able to record the movements of Nardong Putik. Later, with enough data, they were able to track his full whereabouts confidently to enable them to launch the operation to capture him on October 10, 1971. The operation which was a joint NBI-PC-Imus police force was composed of some 20 men. Troopers from the 233rd PC Company were led by Capt. Manuel Bruan. At 5:00 in the morning, the light of the house of the mistress of Nardo went out. After a few minutes, Nardo drives his Chevrolet Impala car out to the main Manila-Cavite highway. For unknown reasons, or maybe Nardong Putik senses that he is being tailed by the Philippine Constabulary, he was able to escape the PC dragnet or checkpoint at Panamitan and Talon, Kawit, Cavite. However, Nardong Putik did not notice a Volkswagen Kombi tailing him in the highway at the same time. The Kombi contained NBI Agents Velasco, Nasol, Utico, Bautista and others. They chased Nardo's car, and at Noveleta, Cavite, they were able to overtake the Impala and was at the right side of the car. Velasco shouted "NARDO!". He sensed the danger and immediately reached for his .45 pistol. At that moment, the NBI Agents opened fire with their revolvers, carbines, and submachine guns, peppering the car, and causing Nardo's instant death. The car lurched to the side of the highway and stopped. The Agents then immediately jumped out of their vehicle and took cover. Some Agents were still firing their guns to make sure that Nardo will not retaliate. The Impala was later hauled into NBI Headquarters in Manila, with the dead Putik inside, in full view of Director Bugarin. The news became a flash report on local television, and a top newspaper story the next day. That mission cemented the fame of Agent Velasco, who later became NBI Director in the nineties.

Paragraph 22: Battle Group 10 crossed into Angola at Ruacana just before midnight on 23 August and headed northwards through dense bush to their forming point which was 12 km north-west of Humbe. They arrived at their form-up point on time despite encountering obstacles not shown on their maps. At this point they found that H-Hour had been moved back one hour to 11h30 due to the eastern battle groups of Task Force Alpha encountering navigation problems on their march to Xangongo. Commandant de Vries divided his force into two combat teams, one of Ratel-20s, Ratel-90s and 81mm mortars in the attack group and the second team as a mobile reserve of Buffels and Eland-90's, with the 140 mm artillery in the rear. As Battle Group 10 followed the road south-east to Humbe, the SAAF began to bomb the town of Xangongo.  The group's artillery began firing 140 mm artillery rounds at Humbe but was informed by their aerial spotter plane that the trenches close to the town seem abandoned and nor was there any enemy to the battle group's rear in the direction of Cahama. The artillery fire was ceased and their alternative target at Techiulo, that was closer, was then taken without incident as FAPLA soldiers fled on seeing the battle group arrive, leaving behind a group of Irish Catholic nuns at the mission station in the village. By 12h30 the group was heading back towards Humbe passing by the empty trenches and sighting no fleeing enemy from Xangongo, entered the empty town of Humbe. They soon left the town and positioned themselves within 3 km of the bridge over the Cunene River and Xangongo. The two combat teams of Ratel-20's and paratroopers were then sent closer to the river and began to encounter contact with FAPLA troops fleeing Xangongo. By dusk the river plain was under the battle group's control and they laagered there overnight though sporadic fire could be heard overnight from Xangongo. Apart from being woken and called to arms when a FAPLA column attempted a break-out from Xangongo via the bridge, this was taken care of by the other battle groups and they were stood down and rest of the night was peaceful for Battle Group 10. On 25 August, after gathering up enemy equipment on the river plain, Battle Group 10 crossed the bridge over the Cunene river and by 09h00 they were in Xangongo. Their mission would be to hold the town, protect the task force from FAPLA to the north-west while the other battle groups pursued their objectives in the south-east.

Paragraph 23: As a fugitive, Putik and his men continued to instill terror in Cavite. Among the cases he was involved in were the illegal cultivation of marijuana and money extortion activities. On February 10, 1971, the National Bureau of Investigation's Narcotics division surveyed a marijuana plantation in Imus, Cavite allegedly being protected by Putik. Two NBI Agents, Rogelio Domingo and Antonio Dayao were captured, tortured, and killed by Nardong Putik and his men. The incident sealed Putik's fate: Angered by the heinous crime, NBI Director Jolly Bugarin ordered all his Agents to capture dead or alive Nardo and all responsible for the death of Agents Domingo and Dayao. NBI Agent Epimaco "Eppy" Velasco was then installed as the new Chief of the NBI Narcotics Division. In a month's time, they were able to record the movements of Nardong Putik. Later, with enough data, they were able to track his full whereabouts confidently to enable them to launch the operation to capture him on October 10, 1971. The operation which was a joint NBI-PC-Imus police force was composed of some 20 men. Troopers from the 233rd PC Company were led by Capt. Manuel Bruan. At 5:00 in the morning, the light of the house of the mistress of Nardo went out. After a few minutes, Nardo drives his Chevrolet Impala car out to the main Manila-Cavite highway. For unknown reasons, or maybe Nardong Putik senses that he is being tailed by the Philippine Constabulary, he was able to escape the PC dragnet or checkpoint at Panamitan and Talon, Kawit, Cavite. However, Nardong Putik did not notice a Volkswagen Kombi tailing him in the highway at the same time. The Kombi contained NBI Agents Velasco, Nasol, Utico, Bautista and others. They chased Nardo's car, and at Noveleta, Cavite, they were able to overtake the Impala and was at the right side of the car. Velasco shouted "NARDO!". He sensed the danger and immediately reached for his .45 pistol. At that moment, the NBI Agents opened fire with their revolvers, carbines, and submachine guns, peppering the car, and causing Nardo's instant death. The car lurched to the side of the highway and stopped. The Agents then immediately jumped out of their vehicle and took cover. Some Agents were still firing their guns to make sure that Nardo will not retaliate. The Impala was later hauled into NBI Headquarters in Manila, with the dead Putik inside, in full view of Director Bugarin. The news became a flash report on local television, and a top newspaper story the next day. That mission cemented the fame of Agent Velasco, who later became NBI Director in the nineties.

Paragraph 24: The contract was introduced by the CME on September 9, 1997, after the value of the existing S&P contract (then valued at 500 times the index, or over $500,000 at the time) became too large for many small traders. The E-mini quickly became the most popular equity index futures contract in the world. The original ("big") S&P contract was subsequently split 2:1, bringing it to 250 times the index. Hedge funds often prefer trading the E-mini over the big S&P since the older ("big") contract still uses the open outcry pit trading method, with its inherent delays, versus the all-electronic Globex system for the E-mini. The current average daily implied volume for the E-mini is over $100 billion, far exceeding the combined traded dollar volume of the underlying 500 stocks.

Paragraph 25: (Original description) The shell is broadish, conical and sharply keeled. It has a shortish contracted base and a short snout, short narrow ribs, and spiral threads, a bulbous apex, strong, porcellaneous. Below the sinus area and about one third down the whorl from the suture arise, not quite abruptly, longitudinal ribs slightly tubercled at the top, straight, direct, narrow, and parted by shallow furrows about twice their breadth. They become feeble toward the lower suture. On the body whorl they do not continue to the base, and become broader and weaker toward the aperture. There are eleven on the last and penultimate whorls. On the first infra-embryonic whorl there are about seventeen, crowded, sharp, scarcely curved and oblique. The lines of growth are numerous and unequal. In the sinus-area they are sharp and delicate, on the rest of the shell coarse and puckered. Marginating the suture at the top of each whorl is a narrow scarcely swollen spiral band. Below this the sinus area is very finely, almost microscopically, scratched; and this scratch-sculpture is continued, though less distinctly, on the rest of the surface. The projection of the top of the ribs forms a sharp keel. The rib area is crossed by five coarsish threads, which rise into small tubercles on the ribs. One or two smaller threads come in between the lines of these spirals. The same sort of threads, but less distinct, are found on the base. Those on the columella and snout are a little more distinct. The colour is dull porcellaneous white. The epidermis is quite gone. The spire is rather short, conical, very slightly scalar, cylindrical toward the top. The apex consists of two smooth embryonic whorls, swollen and roundedly pressed down, with a deepish suture, rather more prominent than the regular whorl which follows. The shell contains  short whorls, of rather rapid increase. The body whorl is large relatively to the rest. From the suture to the ribbing they are concavely shouldered. The projection of the tubercles at the top of the ribs forms a carination. which does not really exist in the form of the whorls themselves. There is a very slight contraction towards the lower suture. The body whorl contracts slightly from the keel to the edge of the base, and from that point rapidly to the small, narrow, straight, and direct snout. The suture is coarse, slightly impressed, and well defined by the band below it. The aperture is narrowly oval, pointed above, with an oblique, short, rather open and gradually contracted siphonal canal in front. The outer lip is a rather depressed convex curve, a little concave at the top and flattened toward the point: on leaving the body it retreats at once, forming a shallow, blunt V-shaped sinus, from the lower side of which, with little of angulation, it advances very straight to the edge of the siphonal canal, whence it slowly curves backward round the open point of the snout. The inner lip spreads as a very narrow porcellaneous glaze. It runs very obliquely to the base of the shortish narrow columella, below which point it is a very little hollowed. The point of the columella is cut off with a very slight obliquity, and has a blunt and very slightly twisted edge. The operculum is small, oval, smooth, with hair-like striae. The apex is terminal The colour is pale brownish yellow.

Paragraph 26: Shaker Heights began operating its own school system in 1910.  Boulevard Elementary (1914) is the oldest building in the district; Shaker Heights Middle School (1957) (formerly known as Byron Junior High School) is the newest. The schools were designed to complement the natural and architectural beauty of Shaker Heights. Facilities include eight school buildings, mainly of Georgian design; computer labs in all schools; a planetarium; two indoor pools; playgrounds; and athletic fields. The average age of buildings currently in use is 73 years. The system is funded in large part by property tax millage levies approved by residents based upon home valuation.

Paragraph 27: June R (Jyotika), an orphan, was born in the month of June, for which she was named. She works in an advertising agency. One day she happens to come across a middle-aged woman (Saritha) hurt badly in an accident. She admits her in hospital and tells the doctor that it is her mother Rajalakshmi in order to save her life from the regular hierarchical rules of the hospital. Coming to Rajalakshmi (named by June) who happens to be Mrs. Raniammal, a widowed woman who strives to bring up her only son Arun (Biju Menon) whereas Arun smitten by his wife's words for the wealth and money of his mother, plans to send her away from his home to an orphanage in order to settle with his wife in New York City. Deeply hurt, Raniammal finds solace in June's company, who also longs for a motherly love since childhood. June decides to take Rajalakshmi to her house and calls her mom. Both together (June and Rajalakshmi) cherish life who once were starved for love. Later her son comes back again to take his mother back, Rajalakshmi realising her sons evil thoughts refuses to get back to him. Later on Rajalakshmi's refusal he visits June and quarrels with her to give back his mother, June baffles with his sudden love for his mother. This implies an emotional entangle between the both meanwhile Rajalakshmi falls sick and June on seeing Raniammal's pathetic condition brings her brother  (Ravikumar) whom she wanted to meet before she dies. On visiting Rajalakshmi's home town she unveils the mystery behind his sudden love for his mother. Now entrant Amudha (Khushbu Sundar)  a noted and leading lawyer aids June to get back her new mother legally, prostrating Arun's wicked thoughts in the law of court . At last the judgement favours June . Though June succeeds in her mission of getting back her mother, but fate has some storm in its store, June finds Rajalakshmi dead when she comes back. Now comes Raja (Suriya), a rich client of June's advertising agency falls in love with her who consoles her on this uncompensable loss and takes her along with him, just the way her mother Rajalakshmi wished.

Paragraph 28: WAVE is available on cable providers in the eastern portion of the Evansville market (in Dubois and Perry counties), the southern portion of the Indianapolis (in Lawrence County) and Cincinnati (in Ripley and Switzerland counties in Indiana, and Owen County in Kentucky) markets, and the northern portion of the small Bowling Green market (in Hart County). WAVE had been carried on Frankfort Plant Board's cable system in Frankfort, which is part of the Lexington market; cable providers in Frankfort have carried stations from both Lexington and Louisville for decades. On December 20, 2017, the Frankfort Plant Board announced that it would drop WAVE and competitor WHAS on January 1, 2018 in order to curb rising retransmission consent costs that were being passed on to its customers. While they announced the continued carriage of WHAS on December 29, 2017; WAVE was still dropped on January 1. On December 28, 2020, the FPB Board of Directors voted to approve a retransmission consent agreement with Gray Television negotiated by the National Cable Television Cooperative for WAVE and in-market CBS affiliate WKYT, bringing the NBC affiliate back starting in January 2021. After the three year hiatus, WAVE officially returned to its former channel slots on 3 and 503 on January 12, 2021. FPB also began carrying Grit from WAVE-DT4 on channel 98 following the discontinuation of the network on in-market ABC affiliate WTVQ-DT's seventh subchannel. The latter practice ended when in-market NBC affiliate WLEX-TV replaced their MeTV affiliation with Grit in September 2022.

Paragraph 29: Peterson arrived with the convoy at Derry and returned to New York 28 March where she was joined by . Departing New York 15 April with an Ireland bound convoy, Peterson was detached the following day to escort two merchant ships, which had collided, back to New York. En route to rejoin the convoy later on the same day, Peterson joined Gandy and  in rescuing survivors of the torpedoed Pan Pennsylvania and destroying the attacker. At 13:45 Joyce reported a hot sound contact and the last survivors scrambled on board Peterson just as Joyce dropped a pattern of depth charges. The submarine shot to the surface at 14:00. Gandy opened fire on the U-boat which returned fire until rammed with a glancing blow by Gandy two minutes later. Peterson commenced firing at 14:04 to lay open the conning tower, and as she passed alongside the submarine, fired two shallow-set depth charges at close range from her starboard "K" guns. At 1409 the submarine surrendered and the crew commenced abandoning the sinking boat. Joyce picked up the crew and  slid beneath the waves at 14:30. The three escorts rejoined the convoy and steamed safely to Lisahally, Northern Ireland, returning to New York 12 May 1944.

Paragraph 30: Another storyline featuring Wicksy was begun in 1988 with the on-screen arrival of a love-interest, Cindy Williams (Michelle Collins). In the storyline, Cindy had a fling with Wicksy before opting to have a more serious relationship with his  half brother, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Colin Brake suggested that with this storyline, EastEnders were sowing the seeds of a situation that would provide much story material for years to come. In the storyline, Cindy and Simon committed to relationships with other people, but remained drawn to each other, resulting in a one-night stand and Cindy falling pregnant with Simon's baby. In a further plot twist, Cindy, rejected by Simon, married Ian and appropriated him as the father of Steven Beale, Wicksy's baby. The love triangle continued into 1990, resulting in Cindy leaving Ian for Wicksy. The episode where Ian discovered that Simon was Cindy's other man was dubbed by the script department as "the Devon Cottage Climax" and aired in September 1990. Colin Brake hailed it as the best episode of EastEnders that year. Having set up the secret that Steven was Simon's son rather than Ian's, script writers devised a way in which to reveal this secret, and according to Brake, the entire love triange storyline built up to this climax. In the on-screen events, Wicksy spent time with Steven and Cindy at her parents' cottage in Devon, but the idyll was shattered by the arrival of Ian. In his description of the episode, Brake said, "the scene was set. Debbie Cook's scripts took Pete and Ian, with his leg in plaster, to Devon for a confrontation that would contain elements of tragedy and farce. Particularly memorable was Ian furiously throwing bricks through the window of the [cottgae], followed by one of his crutches. This episode ended ominously with Ian finding Cindy's father's shotgun and stealing it ... Directed by Matthew Evans, these episodes not only brought the story to a good climax but also laid the roots for the next three months' worth of stories, building up to Wicksy and Cindy's final exit."

Paragraph 31: This album also started the tradition of Type O Negative recording cover songs performed in their distinct, gothic metal sound. The album included the band's cover of Billy Roberts' "Hey Joe" which was made famous by the Jimi Hendrix Experience. The song was retitled "Hey Pete" for its inclusion on The Origin Of The Feces and it featured re-worked lyrics. The new title and revised lyics were references to Type O Negative frontman Peter Steele. The reprise of "Kill You Tonight" includes a sample of the closing piano strike from The Beatles' "A Day in the Life". The remastered 1994 reissue of The Origin Of The Feces also included a bonus cover track of Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" (which also contains the main riff of Black Sabbath's "Iron Man" midway through). This cover was originally recorded for inclusion on the 1994 compilation album "Nativity in Black: A Tribute to Black Sabbath" however it was scrapped from the project when a more prominent band signed on and requested they  perform "Paranoid" on the album. As a result, Type O Negative was forced to record another Black Sabbath song in order to be included on the tribute album. The band settled on the song, "Black Sabbath" itself and ironically Black Sabbath themselves were very impressed with Type O Negative's take on the song. Original Black Sabbath drummer, Bill Ward cited Type O Negative's performance as his favorite from the album.

Paragraph 32: Another storyline featuring Wicksy was begun in 1988 with the on-screen arrival of a love-interest, Cindy Williams (Michelle Collins). In the storyline, Cindy had a fling with Wicksy before opting to have a more serious relationship with his  half brother, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Colin Brake suggested that with this storyline, EastEnders were sowing the seeds of a situation that would provide much story material for years to come. In the storyline, Cindy and Simon committed to relationships with other people, but remained drawn to each other, resulting in a one-night stand and Cindy falling pregnant with Simon's baby. In a further plot twist, Cindy, rejected by Simon, married Ian and appropriated him as the father of Steven Beale, Wicksy's baby. The love triangle continued into 1990, resulting in Cindy leaving Ian for Wicksy. The episode where Ian discovered that Simon was Cindy's other man was dubbed by the script department as "the Devon Cottage Climax" and aired in September 1990. Colin Brake hailed it as the best episode of EastEnders that year. Having set up the secret that Steven was Simon's son rather than Ian's, script writers devised a way in which to reveal this secret, and according to Brake, the entire love triange storyline built up to this climax. In the on-screen events, Wicksy spent time with Steven and Cindy at her parents' cottage in Devon, but the idyll was shattered by the arrival of Ian. In his description of the episode, Brake said, "the scene was set. Debbie Cook's scripts took Pete and Ian, with his leg in plaster, to Devon for a confrontation that would contain elements of tragedy and farce. Particularly memorable was Ian furiously throwing bricks through the window of the [cottgae], followed by one of his crutches. This episode ended ominously with Ian finding Cindy's father's shotgun and stealing it ... Directed by Matthew Evans, these episodes not only brought the story to a good climax but also laid the roots for the next three months' worth of stories, building up to Wicksy and Cindy's final exit."

Paragraph 33: Cleanth Brooks used the Ode: Intimation of Immortality as one of his key works to analyse in his 1947 work The Well Wrought Urn. His analysis broke down the ode as a poem disconnected from its biographical implications and focused on the paradoxes and ironies contained within the language. In introducing his analysis, he claimed that it "may be surmised from what has already been remarked, the 'Ode' for all its fine passages, is not entirely successful as a poem. Yet, we shall be able to make our best defense of it in proportion as we recognize and value its use of ambiguous symbol and paradoxical statement. Indeed, it might be maintained that, failing to do this, we shall miss much of its power as poetry and even some of its accuracy of statement." After breaking down the use of paradox and irony in language, he analyses the statements about the childhood perception of glory in Stanza VI and argued, "This stanza, though not one of the celebrated stanzas of the poem, is one of the most finely ironical. Its structural significance too is of first importance, and has perhaps in the past been given too little weight." After analysing more of the poem, Brooks points out that the lines in Stanza IX contains lines that "are great poetry. They are great poetry because ... the children are not terrified... The children exemplify the attitude toward eternity which the other philosopher, the mature philosopher, wins to with difficulty, if he wins to it at all." In his conclusion about the poem, he argues, "The greatness of the 'Ode' lies in the fact that Wordsworth is about the poet's business here, and is not trying to inculcate anything. Instead, he is trying to dramatize the changing interrelations which determine the major imagery." Following Brooks in 1949, C. M. Bowra stated, "There is no need to dispute the honour in which by common consent it [the ode] is held" but he adds "There are passages in the 'Immortal Ode' which have less than his usual command of rhythm and ability to make a line stand by itself... But these are unimportant. The whole has a capacious sweep, and the form suits the majestic subject... There are moments when we suspect Wordsworth of trying to say more than he means. Similarly, George Mallarby also revealed some flaws in the poem in his 1950 analysis: "In spite of the doubtful philosophical truth of the doctrine of pre-existence borrowed from Platon, in spite of the curiously placed emphasis and an exuberance of feeling somewhat artificially introduced, in spite of the frustrating and unsatisfying conclusion, this poem will remain, so long as the English language remains, one of its chief and unquestionable glories. It lends itself, more than most English odes, to recitation in the grand manner."

Paragraph 34:  In the shared alternate history of Ill Bethisad (1997 and after), Alan Turing was a mathematician, computer scientist, logician, etc. in much the same way as reality. Like his real life counterpart, the fictional alternate universe version of Turing devised the Turing machine and the "Turing" version of the Church–Turing thesis. During the "Second Great War" (the equivalent of World War II), Turing worked for the British government, breaking codes produced by the German Enigma machine by a machine partially created by him called the "Bombe". The fictional war, which was against the still existing Holy Roman Empire instead of Nazi Germany, lasted longer that the real war which further implies a longer career for Turing. In 1947, which was during the war in this universe instead of after, Turing moved to Manchester or as it's called in Ill Bethisad, "Mafyc". The city of Mafyc is not located in England as in reality but instead in "Kemr" (also known as "Cambria"), a country which comprises what is in reality all of Wales, the Isle of Man and most of western England. The national language of Kemr is "Brithenig", a (fictional) constructed language that within the fictional setting of "Ill Bethisad" is a language that resembles Welsh (non-existent there) and descended from Latin similar to French and Spanish. That year he moved to the Victoria Universitadd di Mafyc (Translation: Victoria University of Mafyc) and created one of the first true computers, the Mafyc Marc I. Turing, both in reality and Ill Bethisad was gay but unlike reality, this did not cost him the use of his privates in Ill Bethisad. In 1952, he admitted that he was in a gay sexual relationship with a man in Mafyc. Kemr was different to most other countries at the time whereby a law against homosexuality was not on the books, though it was in both England and Scotland, where charges were filed against him. After that, Turing never returned to England as he would face many years in jail with hard labour if he did. The incident involving the poison apple that killed him apparently never happened as it was never mentioned. Turing lived 29 years longer than in reality, dying on 17 September 1983. Of note is the fact is all this information is found in the opening paragraph of Turing's page there but that the rest of the page is as of late 2021, unfinished and consists of an almost unaltered copy and paste of Turing's Wikipedia page, to the point of including the 1954 poison apple death and wiki references codes.

Paragraph 35: Battle Group 10 crossed into Angola at Ruacana just before midnight on 23 August and headed northwards through dense bush to their forming point which was 12 km north-west of Humbe. They arrived at their form-up point on time despite encountering obstacles not shown on their maps. At this point they found that H-Hour had been moved back one hour to 11h30 due to the eastern battle groups of Task Force Alpha encountering navigation problems on their march to Xangongo. Commandant de Vries divided his force into two combat teams, one of Ratel-20s, Ratel-90s and 81mm mortars in the attack group and the second team as a mobile reserve of Buffels and Eland-90's, with the 140 mm artillery in the rear. As Battle Group 10 followed the road south-east to Humbe, the SAAF began to bomb the town of Xangongo.  The group's artillery began firing 140 mm artillery rounds at Humbe but was informed by their aerial spotter plane that the trenches close to the town seem abandoned and nor was there any enemy to the battle group's rear in the direction of Cahama. The artillery fire was ceased and their alternative target at Techiulo, that was closer, was then taken without incident as FAPLA soldiers fled on seeing the battle group arrive, leaving behind a group of Irish Catholic nuns at the mission station in the village. By 12h30 the group was heading back towards Humbe passing by the empty trenches and sighting no fleeing enemy from Xangongo, entered the empty town of Humbe. They soon left the town and positioned themselves within 3 km of the bridge over the Cunene River and Xangongo. The two combat teams of Ratel-20's and paratroopers were then sent closer to the river and began to encounter contact with FAPLA troops fleeing Xangongo. By dusk the river plain was under the battle group's control and they laagered there overnight though sporadic fire could be heard overnight from Xangongo. Apart from being woken and called to arms when a FAPLA column attempted a break-out from Xangongo via the bridge, this was taken care of by the other battle groups and they were stood down and rest of the night was peaceful for Battle Group 10. On 25 August, after gathering up enemy equipment on the river plain, Battle Group 10 crossed the bridge over the Cunene river and by 09h00 they were in Xangongo. Their mission would be to hold the town, protect the task force from FAPLA to the north-west while the other battle groups pursued their objectives in the south-east.

Paragraph 36: Hewitt began his career in the North West of England, playing with his brother Nick in Misadventure, before leaving in 1988 to join The Mystic Deckchairs. Two of The Mystic Deckchairs' tracks, "For The Day" and "Keep Your Head On", appeared on the 1989 compilation LP Drunk released by Emergency Records. Hewitt joined fellow local musician Tim Burgess in Electric Crayons, prior to Burgess joining The Charlatans in 1989. Hewitt also joined Breed at the age of 17 and linked up with the band for a German tour after spying an advert placed by the band in Affleck's Palace. Following the completion of the tour, Hewitt joined The Boo Radleys on a temporary basis and played on the band's 1990 debut album, Ichabod and I. Hewitt rejoined Breed in 1991 and played on the albums Grin in 1991 and Violet Sentimental in 1993. Despite a support slot on Nick Cave's Let Love In tour, Breed found commercial success elusive and following a disastrous gig at the Bull & Gate in London in 1996, the band split. While in Breed, Hewitt also played for house act K-Klass. The need for money during these years saw Hewitt take on session work in London, recording jingles and appearing on releases by Baby June and Sharkboy. On 6 December 2004, Breed reformed for a one-off gig at Lock 17 in Camden Lock Market, London.

Paragraph 37: WAVE is available on cable providers in the eastern portion of the Evansville market (in Dubois and Perry counties), the southern portion of the Indianapolis (in Lawrence County) and Cincinnati (in Ripley and Switzerland counties in Indiana, and Owen County in Kentucky) markets, and the northern portion of the small Bowling Green market (in Hart County). WAVE had been carried on Frankfort Plant Board's cable system in Frankfort, which is part of the Lexington market; cable providers in Frankfort have carried stations from both Lexington and Louisville for decades. On December 20, 2017, the Frankfort Plant Board announced that it would drop WAVE and competitor WHAS on January 1, 2018 in order to curb rising retransmission consent costs that were being passed on to its customers. While they announced the continued carriage of WHAS on December 29, 2017; WAVE was still dropped on January 1. On December 28, 2020, the FPB Board of Directors voted to approve a retransmission consent agreement with Gray Television negotiated by the National Cable Television Cooperative for WAVE and in-market CBS affiliate WKYT, bringing the NBC affiliate back starting in January 2021. After the three year hiatus, WAVE officially returned to its former channel slots on 3 and 503 on January 12, 2021. FPB also began carrying Grit from WAVE-DT4 on channel 98 following the discontinuation of the network on in-market ABC affiliate WTVQ-DT's seventh subchannel. The latter practice ended when in-market NBC affiliate WLEX-TV replaced their MeTV affiliation with Grit in September 2022.

Paragraph 38: In comparison to Cliff, Clair is usually the tougher and more sensible parent, offering her children legitimate advice that they can actually apply to their everyday lives; it remains clear to audiences that Clair runs the household. AskMen's Geoffrey Lansdell agreed that the character "rel[ies] on a sly maternal quality that fed off of Bill Cosby’s silly paternal playfulness". However, there are occasionally times when Clair resorts to the "wait till your father gets home" method of disciplining her children. Clair generally accepts her children's decisions and ever-changing ambitions, specifically in regards to schooling, marriage and careers. Both Clair and Cliff value the importance of proper education in their children's lives, appearing proudest when they do well in school, but delivering the most serious punishments when they underperform academically. On one occasion, Theo rebels against his parents' high expectations of him, arguing, "Because of what you two have achieved, the whole world expects a lot more from us than other kids. Let’s face it, there’s nowhere else left for us to go but down," a statement Clair immediately reprimands him for making. When it comes to parenting, Clair usually maintains "an allure of cool, calm confidence ... exhibit[ing] a strong but gentle parenting stance, one that wasn’t seen on television by a woman of color" at the time, according to Global Grind's Desire Thompson. Clair practices disciplining her children without ever punishing them physically, often delivering punishments "with a calm charm", and raises her four daughters to love and respect themselves. However, she is also known for ranting at her children when she loses her temper, one of her most recognizable of which is the one she gives Vanessa when she attends a concert in Baltimore against her parents' wishes. In the Season 3 episode "The Shower", Denise hosts a wedding shower for a close friend who gets pregnant on purpose to blackmail her parents into letting her marry her fiancé as soon as possible. When Denise broaches the subject of how she would handle a similar situation, Clair sternly – but rather comically – insists that she will never find herself in a similar situation. Despite her seriousness and disciplinarian status, Clair seldom shies away from laughing and participating in fun activities alongside her family as opposed to simply observing them from the sidelines. The character is also fond of relaxing and taking time to herself away from her children whenever necessary.

Paragraph 39: Rajan is a village buffoon and his father, who is on his deathbed, lets his son go and meet Rai Bahadur Mohan, who lives in the city, who might be able to help him act with some work. After his father passes away, Rajan comes to the city and finds Mohan's place. At first, he has been turned away but he is called back and the Mohan accepts him wholeheartedly once he learns of Rajan's identity. Mohan's daughter Kavita, who is about to get married, comes home from a party and finds Rajan sleeping in one of the rooms and insults him. Mohan asks her never to do so again. On the day of the marriage, the elder brother asks Mohan to write all the property in his younger brother's name and only then the marriage can take place. Mohan refuses and the bridegroom along with his people leave. Mohan asks Rajan to marry Kavita. At first, Kavita refuses but then gives in to her father's wishes. Though both of them are married, Kavita cannot stand Rajan and they do not ever stay in the same room. She is fed up with this life of hers and she goes and tells Shekhar, her former fiance about this. Kavita asks permission from her father to go to a hill station with her friends when in reality it is with Shekhar. After reaching the hill station, Shekhar lives to misbehave with her and molest her. It is Rajan who was riding in the duchy of the train car who comes to Kavita's rescue this moment changes Kavita and she starts respecting her husband. One fair morning, Rajan and Kavita are woken up by Mohan, who says Rajan is a traitor. Rajan can't understand what exactly has taken place. It turns out that an old man along with his daughter and granddaughter have shown up and are claiming to be his father-in-law's wife and daughter respectively. Though Rajan keeps on saying he is innocent, no one believes him and he is kicked out of the house. One night when Mohan is sleeping, someone shoots at him and injures him. He is taken to the hospital and in the hospital also, Shekhar's people come to hash off Mohan but are prevented from doing so. Mohan escapes from the hospital and everyone thinks he to die, having killed himself. Meanwhile, Rajan with the help of Hulk, Mohan's secretary manages to track down some members of Shekhar's gang, including the lady impersonating his wife. It turns out that she was forced to do so. Rajan and Gullu are caught and tied up. Kavita is tied up there as well. Mohan shows up there in a disguise and helps in freeing Rajan, Gullu and Kavita. Shekhar and his men again clash with Rajan, Gullu and Mohan, during which Shekhar escapes with Kavita to an unknown destination. Rajan and Gullu also land up there and help in rescuing Kavita. Mohan also arrives there soon after with the police and Shekhar is caught.

Paragraph 40:  In the shared alternate history of Ill Bethisad (1997 and after), Alan Turing was a mathematician, computer scientist, logician, etc. in much the same way as reality. Like his real life counterpart, the fictional alternate universe version of Turing devised the Turing machine and the "Turing" version of the Church–Turing thesis. During the "Second Great War" (the equivalent of World War II), Turing worked for the British government, breaking codes produced by the German Enigma machine by a machine partially created by him called the "Bombe". The fictional war, which was against the still existing Holy Roman Empire instead of Nazi Germany, lasted longer that the real war which further implies a longer career for Turing. In 1947, which was during the war in this universe instead of after, Turing moved to Manchester or as it's called in Ill Bethisad, "Mafyc". The city of Mafyc is not located in England as in reality but instead in "Kemr" (also known as "Cambria"), a country which comprises what is in reality all of Wales, the Isle of Man and most of western England. The national language of Kemr is "Brithenig", a (fictional) constructed language that within the fictional setting of "Ill Bethisad" is a language that resembles Welsh (non-existent there) and descended from Latin similar to French and Spanish. That year he moved to the Victoria Universitadd di Mafyc (Translation: Victoria University of Mafyc) and created one of the first true computers, the Mafyc Marc I. Turing, both in reality and Ill Bethisad was gay but unlike reality, this did not cost him the use of his privates in Ill Bethisad. In 1952, he admitted that he was in a gay sexual relationship with a man in Mafyc. Kemr was different to most other countries at the time whereby a law against homosexuality was not on the books, though it was in both England and Scotland, where charges were filed against him. After that, Turing never returned to England as he would face many years in jail with hard labour if he did. The incident involving the poison apple that killed him apparently never happened as it was never mentioned. Turing lived 29 years longer than in reality, dying on 17 September 1983. Of note is the fact is all this information is found in the opening paragraph of Turing's page there but that the rest of the page is as of late 2021, unfinished and consists of an almost unaltered copy and paste of Turing's Wikipedia page, to the point of including the 1954 poison apple death and wiki references codes.

Paragraph 41:  In the shared alternate history of Ill Bethisad (1997 and after), Alan Turing was a mathematician, computer scientist, logician, etc. in much the same way as reality. Like his real life counterpart, the fictional alternate universe version of Turing devised the Turing machine and the "Turing" version of the Church–Turing thesis. During the "Second Great War" (the equivalent of World War II), Turing worked for the British government, breaking codes produced by the German Enigma machine by a machine partially created by him called the "Bombe". The fictional war, which was against the still existing Holy Roman Empire instead of Nazi Germany, lasted longer that the real war which further implies a longer career for Turing. In 1947, which was during the war in this universe instead of after, Turing moved to Manchester or as it's called in Ill Bethisad, "Mafyc". The city of Mafyc is not located in England as in reality but instead in "Kemr" (also known as "Cambria"), a country which comprises what is in reality all of Wales, the Isle of Man and most of western England. The national language of Kemr is "Brithenig", a (fictional) constructed language that within the fictional setting of "Ill Bethisad" is a language that resembles Welsh (non-existent there) and descended from Latin similar to French and Spanish. That year he moved to the Victoria Universitadd di Mafyc (Translation: Victoria University of Mafyc) and created one of the first true computers, the Mafyc Marc I. Turing, both in reality and Ill Bethisad was gay but unlike reality, this did not cost him the use of his privates in Ill Bethisad. In 1952, he admitted that he was in a gay sexual relationship with a man in Mafyc. Kemr was different to most other countries at the time whereby a law against homosexuality was not on the books, though it was in both England and Scotland, where charges were filed against him. After that, Turing never returned to England as he would face many years in jail with hard labour if he did. The incident involving the poison apple that killed him apparently never happened as it was never mentioned. Turing lived 29 years longer than in reality, dying on 17 September 1983. Of note is the fact is all this information is found in the opening paragraph of Turing's page there but that the rest of the page is as of late 2021, unfinished and consists of an almost unaltered copy and paste of Turing's Wikipedia page, to the point of including the 1954 poison apple death and wiki references codes.

Paragraph 42: Another storyline featuring Wicksy was begun in 1988 with the on-screen arrival of a love-interest, Cindy Williams (Michelle Collins). In the storyline, Cindy had a fling with Wicksy before opting to have a more serious relationship with his  half brother, Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Colin Brake suggested that with this storyline, EastEnders were sowing the seeds of a situation that would provide much story material for years to come. In the storyline, Cindy and Simon committed to relationships with other people, but remained drawn to each other, resulting in a one-night stand and Cindy falling pregnant with Simon's baby. In a further plot twist, Cindy, rejected by Simon, married Ian and appropriated him as the father of Steven Beale, Wicksy's baby. The love triangle continued into 1990, resulting in Cindy leaving Ian for Wicksy. The episode where Ian discovered that Simon was Cindy's other man was dubbed by the script department as "the Devon Cottage Climax" and aired in September 1990. Colin Brake hailed it as the best episode of EastEnders that year. Having set up the secret that Steven was Simon's son rather than Ian's, script writers devised a way in which to reveal this secret, and according to Brake, the entire love triange storyline built up to this climax. In the on-screen events, Wicksy spent time with Steven and Cindy at her parents' cottage in Devon, but the idyll was shattered by the arrival of Ian. In his description of the episode, Brake said, "the scene was set. Debbie Cook's scripts took Pete and Ian, with his leg in plaster, to Devon for a confrontation that would contain elements of tragedy and farce. Particularly memorable was Ian furiously throwing bricks through the window of the [cottgae], followed by one of his crutches. This episode ended ominously with Ian finding Cindy's father's shotgun and stealing it ... Directed by Matthew Evans, these episodes not only brought the story to a good climax but also laid the roots for the next three months' worth of stories, building up to Wicksy and Cindy's final exit."

Paragraph 43:  In the shared alternate history of Ill Bethisad (1997 and after), Alan Turing was a mathematician, computer scientist, logician, etc. in much the same way as reality. Like his real life counterpart, the fictional alternate universe version of Turing devised the Turing machine and the "Turing" version of the Church–Turing thesis. During the "Second Great War" (the equivalent of World War II), Turing worked for the British government, breaking codes produced by the German Enigma machine by a machine partially created by him called the "Bombe". The fictional war, which was against the still existing Holy Roman Empire instead of Nazi Germany, lasted longer that the real war which further implies a longer career for Turing. In 1947, which was during the war in this universe instead of after, Turing moved to Manchester or as it's called in Ill Bethisad, "Mafyc". The city of Mafyc is not located in England as in reality but instead in "Kemr" (also known as "Cambria"), a country which comprises what is in reality all of Wales, the Isle of Man and most of western England. The national language of Kemr is "Brithenig", a (fictional) constructed language that within the fictional setting of "Ill Bethisad" is a language that resembles Welsh (non-existent there) and descended from Latin similar to French and Spanish. That year he moved to the Victoria Universitadd di Mafyc (Translation: Victoria University of Mafyc) and created one of the first true computers, the Mafyc Marc I. Turing, both in reality and Ill Bethisad was gay but unlike reality, this did not cost him the use of his privates in Ill Bethisad. In 1952, he admitted that he was in a gay sexual relationship with a man in Mafyc. Kemr was different to most other countries at the time whereby a law against homosexuality was not on the books, though it was in both England and Scotland, where charges were filed against him. After that, Turing never returned to England as he would face many years in jail with hard labour if he did. The incident involving the poison apple that killed him apparently never happened as it was never mentioned. Turing lived 29 years longer than in reality, dying on 17 September 1983. Of note is the fact is all this information is found in the opening paragraph of Turing's page there but that the rest of the page is as of late 2021, unfinished and consists of an almost unaltered copy and paste of Turing's Wikipedia page, to the point of including the 1954 poison apple death and wiki references codes.

Paragraph 44: Cleanth Brooks used the Ode: Intimation of Immortality as one of his key works to analyse in his 1947 work The Well Wrought Urn. His analysis broke down the ode as a poem disconnected from its biographical implications and focused on the paradoxes and ironies contained within the language. In introducing his analysis, he claimed that it "may be surmised from what has already been remarked, the 'Ode' for all its fine passages, is not entirely successful as a poem. Yet, we shall be able to make our best defense of it in proportion as we recognize and value its use of ambiguous symbol and paradoxical statement. Indeed, it might be maintained that, failing to do this, we shall miss much of its power as poetry and even some of its accuracy of statement." After breaking down the use of paradox and irony in language, he analyses the statements about the childhood perception of glory in Stanza VI and argued, "This stanza, though not one of the celebrated stanzas of the poem, is one of the most finely ironical. Its structural significance too is of first importance, and has perhaps in the past been given too little weight." After analysing more of the poem, Brooks points out that the lines in Stanza IX contains lines that "are great poetry. They are great poetry because ... the children are not terrified... The children exemplify the attitude toward eternity which the other philosopher, the mature philosopher, wins to with difficulty, if he wins to it at all." In his conclusion about the poem, he argues, "The greatness of the 'Ode' lies in the fact that Wordsworth is about the poet's business here, and is not trying to inculcate anything. Instead, he is trying to dramatize the changing interrelations which determine the major imagery." Following Brooks in 1949, C. M. Bowra stated, "There is no need to dispute the honour in which by common consent it [the ode] is held" but he adds "There are passages in the 'Immortal Ode' which have less than his usual command of rhythm and ability to make a line stand by itself... But these are unimportant. The whole has a capacious sweep, and the form suits the majestic subject... There are moments when we suspect Wordsworth of trying to say more than he means. Similarly, George Mallarby also revealed some flaws in the poem in his 1950 analysis: "In spite of the doubtful philosophical truth of the doctrine of pre-existence borrowed from Platon, in spite of the curiously placed emphasis and an exuberance of feeling somewhat artificially introduced, in spite of the frustrating and unsatisfying conclusion, this poem will remain, so long as the English language remains, one of its chief and unquestionable glories. It lends itself, more than most English odes, to recitation in the grand manner."

Paragraph 45: Hewitt began his career in the North West of England, playing with his brother Nick in Misadventure, before leaving in 1988 to join The Mystic Deckchairs. Two of The Mystic Deckchairs' tracks, "For The Day" and "Keep Your Head On", appeared on the 1989 compilation LP Drunk released by Emergency Records. Hewitt joined fellow local musician Tim Burgess in Electric Crayons, prior to Burgess joining The Charlatans in 1989. Hewitt also joined Breed at the age of 17 and linked up with the band for a German tour after spying an advert placed by the band in Affleck's Palace. Following the completion of the tour, Hewitt joined The Boo Radleys on a temporary basis and played on the band's 1990 debut album, Ichabod and I. Hewitt rejoined Breed in 1991 and played on the albums Grin in 1991 and Violet Sentimental in 1993. Despite a support slot on Nick Cave's Let Love In tour, Breed found commercial success elusive and following a disastrous gig at the Bull & Gate in London in 1996, the band split. While in Breed, Hewitt also played for house act K-Klass. The need for money during these years saw Hewitt take on session work in London, recording jingles and appearing on releases by Baby June and Sharkboy. On 6 December 2004, Breed reformed for a one-off gig at Lock 17 in Camden Lock Market, London.

Paragraph 46: Fighting his way through the Mandragorans and Balzac's forces to reach the castle, Guts and Rita see the mysterious girl and take her with them. When they finally reach Balzac's throne room, Guts demands to know where Casca is, but Balzac only answers that they are too late to save her. Rita asks Balzac how all of these events came to pass; he recounts that he was once a kind and just ruler, but the pressure of juggling his responsibilities as both a ruler and as a husband eventually got to him, and he now finds comfort only in bloodshed. Balzac also reveals the woman to be his wife, Annette. He had preserved her life with a drug extract made from the Mandragora's Heart, making her ageless, but at a steep price – the drug also ravaged her mind, rendering her unable to remember her own husband. Despite this, in his madness, Balzac drinks an even more potent extract of the Mandragora's Heart, transforming himself into a monstrous figure. Guts quickly dispatches him, however, and saves Casca from the fully grown Mandragora. In a cruel twist of fate, Casca's exposure to the Mandragora briefly restores her sanity - with Guts forced to watch her revert to her catatonic state once more. He is given little time to mourn this turn of events, as in the confusion of battle, Rita had dropped Erica's pendant – revealed to be a Behelit – and the dying Balzac had claimed it, offering Annette's life as his sacrifice in order to be reborn as an Apostle. Guts finds himself forced into battle once more, but manages to defeat the Apostle Balzac despite his new-found powers. With the town reverting to some normalcy, Guts and his group continue their journey; Rita promising to not forget them. Some time after Guts's group leave, the Skull Knight appears in Balzac's castle and swallows Balzac's Behelit.

Paragraph 47: Shaker Heights began operating its own school system in 1910.  Boulevard Elementary (1914) is the oldest building in the district; Shaker Heights Middle School (1957) (formerly known as Byron Junior High School) is the newest. The schools were designed to complement the natural and architectural beauty of Shaker Heights. Facilities include eight school buildings, mainly of Georgian design; computer labs in all schools; a planetarium; two indoor pools; playgrounds; and athletic fields. The average age of buildings currently in use is 73 years. The system is funded in large part by property tax millage levies approved by residents based upon home valuation.