Paragraph 1: From this time until the Battle of Champion Hills, our regiment did much marching, skirmishing, and foraging, but was not engaged at Raymond or at Jackson. On the 2d of May, the column marched into the beautiful town of Port Gibson, and bivouacked in the streets. The beauty and fashion of this place had made great preparations for a grand ball in honor of the victory over our fleet at Grand Gulf. The Battle of Port Gibson had altogether changed the programme. Many of our troops partook of the viands which had been prepared for guests of another sort. Here the column halted three days. The country roundabout Port Gibson is one of the richest cotton-growing regions of Mississippi. The white inhabitants were wealthy, cultivated after the Southern fashion, and aristocratic according to Southern notions. The war had hitherto not been carried into their door-yards. Their dwellings were magnificent mansions. They had fine carriages and blooded horses. Many of them had blooded negroes, too, for coachmen. They fared sumptuously every day. Thus were they living till our troops landed, when the most of the wealthy planters suddenly decamped. Our foraging parties met with all the embarrassment of riches. They would return, loaded down with supplies—beef, bacon, pork, poultry, vegetables. One might see gorgeous family carriages coming into Port Gibson from all directions, filled with geese, ducks, and chickens, or coming from the mills, laden with great bags of meal. Yet no man's property was destroyed, or even taken for the use of the army, without there being first obtained evidence of his disloyalty to the Union, which evidence very often consisted of the fact that he had run away from the Union army. No houses were burned, no cotton was destroyed. The Union troops simply did what the planters had done before them. They fared sumptuously every day. Having remained here long enough to get together a large quantity of supplies, the column moved on the 6th to Rocky Springs. On the next day, it moved to Big Sandy Creek, and was there reviewed by General Grant. On the 10th it moved still farther northward, halting near Cayuga. Here the grand army first came together, and marched forward in an unbroken line of several miles extent, making a grand sight. McClernand's Corps was on the left. On the morning of the 12th, his advance Division, being that of General Hovey, to which the Twenty-fourth belonged, moved to Fourteen Mile Creek, in the direction of Edwards’ Depot. Here he had a sharp skirmish with the enemy, and deployed his men in line of battle. The main rebel army from Vicksburg, twenty-five thousand strong, as reported, was drawn up two or three miles in advance. Meantime, while Hovey was here amusing the enemy, McPherson whipped the rebel force at Raymond. Hovey then withdrew, and taking a new road just made by his pioneers, passed through Raymond on the day after the battle, and reached Clinton on the 14th. On the next morning the Thirteenth Corps turned about, and marching westward, reached Bolton Depot in the evening.

Paragraph 2: Levels which are significantly above or below this range are problematic and can in some cases be dangerous. A level of <3.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL) is usually described as a hypoglycemic attack (low blood sugar). Most diabetics know when they are going to "go hypo" and usually are able to eat some food or drink something sweet to raise levels. A patient who is hyperglycemic (high glucose) can also become temporarily hypoglycemic, under certain conditions (e.g. not eating regularly, or after strenuous exercise, followed by fatigue).  Intensive efforts to achieve blood sugar levels close to normal have been shown to triple the risk of the most severe form of hypoglycemia, in which the patient requires assistance from by-standers in order to treat the episode.  In the United States, there were annually 48,500 hospitalizations for diabetic hypoglycemia and 13,100 for diabetic hypoglycemia resulting in coma in the period 1989 to 1991, before intensive blood sugar control was as widely recommended as today.  One study found that hospital admissions for diabetic hypoglycemia increased by 50% from 1990–1993 to 1997–2000, as strict blood sugar control efforts became more common. Among intensively controlled type 1 diabetics, 55% of episodes of severe hypoglycemia occur during sleep, and 6% of all deaths in diabetics under the age of 40 are from nocturnal hypoglycemia in the so-called 'dead-in-bed syndrome,' while National Institute of Health statistics show that 2% to 4% of all deaths in diabetics are from hypoglycemia. In children and adolescents following intensive blood sugar control, 21% of hypoglycemic episodes occurred without explanation.  In addition to the deaths caused by diabetic hypoglycemia, periods of severe low blood sugar can also cause permanent brain damage.  Although diabetic nerve disease is usually associated with hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia as well can initiate or worsen neuropathy in diabetics intensively struggling to reduce their hyperglycemia.

Paragraph 3: Levels which are significantly above or below this range are problematic and can in some cases be dangerous. A level of <3.8 mmol/L (<70 mg/dL) is usually described as a hypoglycemic attack (low blood sugar). Most diabetics know when they are going to "go hypo" and usually are able to eat some food or drink something sweet to raise levels. A patient who is hyperglycemic (high glucose) can also become temporarily hypoglycemic, under certain conditions (e.g. not eating regularly, or after strenuous exercise, followed by fatigue).  Intensive efforts to achieve blood sugar levels close to normal have been shown to triple the risk of the most severe form of hypoglycemia, in which the patient requires assistance from by-standers in order to treat the episode.  In the United States, there were annually 48,500 hospitalizations for diabetic hypoglycemia and 13,100 for diabetic hypoglycemia resulting in coma in the period 1989 to 1991, before intensive blood sugar control was as widely recommended as today.  One study found that hospital admissions for diabetic hypoglycemia increased by 50% from 1990–1993 to 1997–2000, as strict blood sugar control efforts became more common. Among intensively controlled type 1 diabetics, 55% of episodes of severe hypoglycemia occur during sleep, and 6% of all deaths in diabetics under the age of 40 are from nocturnal hypoglycemia in the so-called 'dead-in-bed syndrome,' while National Institute of Health statistics show that 2% to 4% of all deaths in diabetics are from hypoglycemia. In children and adolescents following intensive blood sugar control, 21% of hypoglycemic episodes occurred without explanation.  In addition to the deaths caused by diabetic hypoglycemia, periods of severe low blood sugar can also cause permanent brain damage.  Although diabetic nerve disease is usually associated with hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia as well can initiate or worsen neuropathy in diabetics intensively struggling to reduce their hyperglycemia.

Paragraph 4: Francis Martin O'Donnell, GCMM, GCEG, KC*SG, KM, KCHS, KCMCO, (born in 1954), an Irish citizen, has served abroad as an international diplomat in senior representative positions with the United Nations until retirement, and later with the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was elected Vice-President of the Genealogical Society of Ireland in September 2022. He is a life member of the Institute of International and European Affairs (under the patronage of the President of Ireland). He currently continues to serve pro bono as an advisor to the Global Partnerships, Forum and is a listed endorser of the NGO consortium known as Nonviolent Peaceforce. He served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Slovak Republic from December 2009 to March 2013. He previously served as a United Nations official for 32 years, most recently as the Resident Coordinator of the United Nations system in Ukraine, from 30 September 2004 until 31 March 2009, and previously in the same capacity in Serbia-Montenegro. In early 2012, he was appointed to the Council of the Order of Clans of Ireland, and was elected its Chancellor in May 2014. He also served on the Board of Directors, and completed both terms of office in April 2015. Since then, he has participated in Globsec, the InterAction Council, and is a regular participant, panelist or moderator in the annual Global Baku Forum. He is also a speaker and panelist on global policy issues to seminars and forums of the Association of Schools of Political Studies of the Council of Europe, and is a director of the Board of Trustees of its School of Civic Education in London. He is an occasional guest speaker on Irish history and genealogy in Dublin, Madrid, Vienna, and at the Sorbonne in Paris. He is also a published author of historical works and a first volume of poetry.

Paragraph 5: Following the firing of Dave Navarro in early 1998, Flea felt the only way the band could continue was if John Frusciante returned to the band. Frusciante quit the band in 1992 during the height of their success on their Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour and spiraled into a heavy drug addiction which almost took his life. Flea always remained in contact, and he helped talk Frusciante into admitting himself to Las Encinas Drug Rehabilitation Center in January 1998. He concluded the process in February of that year and began renting a small apartment in Silver Lake, California. Singer Anthony Kiedis was surprised and thought there was no way Frusciante would ever want to work with him as the two still had unresolved personal problems from when Frusciante quit in 1992. With Frusciante free of his addictions and ailments, Kiedis and Flea thought it was an appropriate time to invite him back. In April 1998, when Flea visited him at his home and asked him to rejoin the band, Frusciante began sobbing and said "nothing would make me happier in the world." Flea decided to contact Kiedis and have him meet with Frusciante to try and resolve any personal problems that the two might have had. Flea was relieved to find out that both had no bad blood towards each other and were once again excited to make music together. Within the week and, for the first time in six years, the reunited foursome jump-started the newly reunited Red Hot Chili Peppers. With the band ready to make their comeback, a short 12 date tour was scheduled from June until September. On June 5, 1998, and for the first time since 1992 with Frusciante, gave an acoustic performance at KBLT Radio Studios in Los Angeles which was hosted by Mike Watt and featured Keith Morris as the DJ. The highlights included the very first performance of "Soul to Squeeze", solo songs by Flea and Frusciante and Morris joining the band on vocals (he originally filled in for Kiedis for one show in 1986) for a cover of Black Flag's "Nervous Breakdown". Seven days later the band gave their first official public performance at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C. The band was also in town to perform at the Tibetan Freedom Concert however their set was cancelled due to a severe thunderstorm that left one girl severely burned by a lightning strike (Kiedis would visit her in the hospital). Pearl Jam decided to cut their set short so the Chili Peppers could perform a quick three song set. Shows in New York City. Chicago (a special private show for Miller Genuine Draft contest winners), California and Las Vegas followed with a nine date tour of Central America being cancelled so the band could focus on recording their next album Californication.

Paragraph 6: Francis Martin O'Donnell, GCMM, GCEG, KC*SG, KM, KCHS, KCMCO, (born in 1954), an Irish citizen, has served abroad as an international diplomat in senior representative positions with the United Nations until retirement, and later with the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was elected Vice-President of the Genealogical Society of Ireland in September 2022. He is a life member of the Institute of International and European Affairs (under the patronage of the President of Ireland). He currently continues to serve pro bono as an advisor to the Global Partnerships, Forum and is a listed endorser of the NGO consortium known as Nonviolent Peaceforce. He served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Slovak Republic from December 2009 to March 2013. He previously served as a United Nations official for 32 years, most recently as the Resident Coordinator of the United Nations system in Ukraine, from 30 September 2004 until 31 March 2009, and previously in the same capacity in Serbia-Montenegro. In early 2012, he was appointed to the Council of the Order of Clans of Ireland, and was elected its Chancellor in May 2014. He also served on the Board of Directors, and completed both terms of office in April 2015. Since then, he has participated in Globsec, the InterAction Council, and is a regular participant, panelist or moderator in the annual Global Baku Forum. He is also a speaker and panelist on global policy issues to seminars and forums of the Association of Schools of Political Studies of the Council of Europe, and is a director of the Board of Trustees of its School of Civic Education in London. He is an occasional guest speaker on Irish history and genealogy in Dublin, Madrid, Vienna, and at the Sorbonne in Paris. He is also a published author of historical works and a first volume of poetry.

Paragraph 7: After arriving in Erinsborough, Dakota goes to The Waterhole where she slaps and kisses Paul Robinson. When Paul catches up with Dakota, he explains that a brain tumour affected his memory and he is not sure who she is. They bond when she explains their past; he abandoned her in South America, and when his deputy, Carlos, took over the business, Dakota entered a romantic relationship with him. However, he was involved in dodgy deals and when Dakota accidentally gave information to the authorities, she fled the area, fearful of Carlos' reaction. Paul offers her a room at the Lassiter's Hotel, and she phones Carlos, revealing that she has returned to scam Paul into buying them a bar. Although initially having his doubts, Paul agrees, eager to impress her. She bumps into Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) in the Waterhole and flirts with him. Paul shows Dakota the location for the bar at a disused radio station, and she decides that she wants to employ his nephew, Daniel (Tim Phillipps) to work in the bar. Dakota uses the bar as a front for a diamond smuggling ring. The diamonds are hidden in shipments of coffee beans, which Dakota puts in Daniel's name. She continues to flirt with Brennan and later kisses him, which angers his girlfriend, Paige (Olympia Valance), who then tips a drinks over Dakota's laptop. Paul also becomes jealous of Dakota flirting with Brennan. Dakota assures Paul that she is only interested in him. When a new shipment of diamonds come in, Dakota asks Paul to sign for them, after Daniel is arrested for jay walking. Dakota learns that Brennan used to be a detective and she tells Paul not to worry about the shipment. The police launch a sting operation and find the diamonds, while Dakota disappears. She later returns to blackmail Paul into giving her $10,000 to leave the country. Four years later, Paul's son, Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano), meets with Dakota to investigate a fire in a factory in São Paulo that killed Rafael Humphreys' (Ryan Thomas) mother. Leo pretends he is meeting with Dakota for a business meeting and Dakota explains that she and Paul were business partners in São Paulo. Dakota gets suspicious of Leo after seeing that he has a call from Lassiter's. Leo eventually reveals that he is Paul's son, before trying to force Dakota to tell him the truth by threatening her with a USB containing emails from her regarding stolen diamonds. When Leo becomes distracted, Dakota manages to take the USB and run off. It is later discovered that Dakota started the fire for compensation from her insurance company.

Paragraph 8: The Hungarian-American historian John Lukacs in his book The Hitler of History (1997) has labelled Irving an apologist for Hitler who consistently mishandled historical evidence in Hitler's favour. Lukacs maintains that over the years, Irving's treatment of Hitler has gone from a barely concealed admiration to a Great Man treatment. Lukacs argues that Irving's picture of Hitler is defective because of his tendency to confuse asserting that Hitler was a great warlord as being the same thing as proving Hitler was a military genius, which leads to a total neglect of the crucial question of why Hitler took particular decisions at particular times. Lukacs condemned Irving as a historical writer for his "twisting" of evidence (i.e. labelling Adolf Eichmann's statement before an Israeli court in 1961 that he heard from Himmler that Hitler had given a verbal order for the Holocaust as mere "hearsay"). Lukacs described Irving in the 1997 American edition of The Hitler of History as the most influential of Hitler's apologists, and found it "regrettable" that many professional historians "relied on some of Irving's researches" and praised Irving. Lukacs called Irving's historical opinions objectionable and inexcusable, and complained that too many of Irving's opinions were supported by footnotes that referred either to sources that did not exist or said something different from what Irving wrote. Some of the examples Lukacs cited in support of his claim was Irving's contemptuous statement mocking the Polish cavalry for charging German tanks (a legend discredited even in the 1970s when Irving wrote Hitler's War), asserting with no source that Hitler refused a lavish banquet prepared for him in Warsaw in 1939 out of the desire to eat the same rations as the ordinary German soldier, for crediting — again with no source — a statement to Hitler in August 1940 that he would let Churchill live in peace after defeating Britain, for falsely claiming Operation Typhoon, the German drive onto Moscow in 1941, was forced on him by his General Staff, and for putting his own words in a speech of Hitler in September 1943 implying Churchill was a decadent homosexual (not something that was in Hitler's speech). Lukacs asserted too many of the crucial statements by Irving in Hitler's War — such as his claim that Hitler foresaw Operation Uranus, the Soviet counter-offensive at the Battle of Stalingrad, or his claim that the Hungarian leader Major Ferenc Szálasi wanted to fight to the bitter end in 1944–45 (when he wished for a German-Soviet compromise peace) — were completely dishonest and untrue statements supported by references to non-existent documents.

Paragraph 9: His most recent directorial and producer credit was the film Mojave, which he also wrote. Announced on March 22, 2012, and cast between December 4 until well past principal photography began, production was stalled until September 27, 2013. The film was released on DirecTV Cinema on December 3, 2015, prior to opening in a limited release on January 22, 2016. The Rotten Tomatoes consensus for the movie is that it "has no shortage of talent on either side of the camera; unfortunately, it amounts to little more than a frustrating missed opportunity." Sean Burns ripped into the movie, calling it "elliptical and at times preposterously entertaining, [a movie] that both sends up and embraces every chest-beating trope in that old alpha 'He-Man of letters' tradition", and dances with the idea that some of the movie "is Monahan indulging in a bit of sardonic self-flaggelation [sic] for all his success in the industry". The Observer's Rex Reed labeled it "gibberish with guns and phony literary pretentiousness about two thugs in a duel of weapons and words that goes nowhere fast", contending that his high-quality work on The Departed was inexplicable, as he had "written nothing of value since". Continuing, he said that "as a director he evokes gales of guffaws".

Paragraph 10: The Fiesta Bowl scandal in particular was the catalyst that opened the BCS up to Federal interest for the first time, largely because the government is concerned not only about the BCS's stifling of fair competition, but more importantly for the Federal Government about the possibility of fraud and tax evasion, if the BCS has violated the rules governing tax exempt organizations and groups that control tax exempt organizations. If the BCS Bowls, who are each separate entities yet also part of the BCS as a whole as well were to lose their tax exempt status, they could be liable for back taxes totaling hundreds of millions of dollars. The Fiesta Bowl abuses – especially those regarding alleged illegal and improper political contributions,  excessive executive compensation and unjustified reimbursement payments, and the making of excessive, interest free and un-repaid loans – are precisely the types of abuses that would justify the Internal Revenue Service in stripping the BCS, and each BCS Bowl and possibly even each BCS Conference school (although that is highly unlikely) of their tax exempt status. In the worst-case scenario the BCS could also be subject to forfeiture and seizure proceedings. While the worst penalties are unlikely to be enforced, even the milder penalties, such as a determination of a cartel and trust, would have devastating consequences for the BCS and the current system. The court could also order a resolution of the current unfair competition inherent in the structure of the BCS, including ordering a playoff system and ordering the Bowls to participate as the court directs rather than as the bowls had planned in the case of the BCS's demise. Despite Big 10 Commissioner Delaney's assertion that if the BCS were to fold they would "go back to the old system" if a court ordered a solution such as a playoff the Conferences would have no choice in the matter, and would be required – especially if a determination is made that the BCS is an illegal trust or cartel – to do whatever the court says, including submitting to federal oversight of the Bowl's and Bowl teams' finances and administration, and conducting a 4, 8 or 16 team playoff, or whatever other remedy the court ordered in their holding. The structure, timing and participants in such a system would be completely out of the hands of the individuals and groups who now control those decisions, and those same individuals and groups would, in all likelihood, not be given the choice of not participating. A court ruling could require them to participate just as they are now, but they would be required to do so based on the court's rules rather than the BCS rules. This is one of the main reasons that the BCS is fighting against government intervention so strongly. The Department of Justice inquiry is far and away the most potentially dangerous legal situation that the BCS has faced to date.

Paragraph 11: The red flowers typically have a diameter of  and smell awfully of rotten meat to attract flies for pollination. This species has some claim to being the world's largest flower, for although the average size of R. arnoldii is greater than the average R. kerrii, there have been two recent specimens of R. kerrii of exceptional size: One specimen found in the Lojing Highlands of peninsular Malaysia on April 7, 2004 by Prof. Dr. Kamarudin Mat-Salleh, and Mat Ros measured  in width, while another found in 2007 in Kelantan State, peninsular Malaysia by Dr. Gan Canglin measured . The photograph of Dr. Gan with the flower clearly shows that the corolla is  in width; the largest corolla ever reported anywhere. The plant is a parasite to the wild grapes of the genus Tetrastigma (T. leucostaphylum, T. papillosum and T. quadrangulum), but only the flowers are visible.  The remainder of the plant is a network of fibers penetrating all of the tissues of the Tetrastigma, which fibers, although Angiosperm in nature, closely resemble a fungal mycelium. Small buds appear along the lianas and roots of the host, which after nine months open as giant flowers. After just one week the flower wilts. The species seems to be flowering seasonally, as flowers are only reported during the dry season, from January to March, and more rarely till July.

Paragraph 12: As Emma leaves for her first vacation in 32 years with the family, the absent-minded Frederick sadly takes her to the station. She gets cold feet and decides to stay home, but Frederick won't let her and decides to go along with her to Niagara Falls. Waiting for their train, Frederick proposes and Emma accepts, even though she is afraid that people will talk. When the children learn about the marriage, Ronnie is happy for them, but the other children are embarrassed by the blot on their social record. On their honeymoon, as the happy Frederick and Emma row on the lake, they are teased by some young vacationers, prompting Frederick to take the oars from Emma. The exertion causes a mild heart attack and they return home. As the contented Frederick listens to Emma sing to him, he dies, and a short time later, the family learns that he has left his entire estate to Emma.

Paragraph 13: The economic calculation problem is a criticism of central economic planning which exists in some forms of socialism. It was first proposed in 1854 by the Prussian economist Hermann Heinrich Gossen. It was subsequently expounded in 1902 by the Dutch economist Nicolaas Pierson, in 1920 by Ludwig von Mises and later by Friedrich Hayek. The problem referred to is that of how to distribute resources rationally in an economy. The free market relies on the price mechanism, wherein people individually have the ability to decide how resources should be distributed based on their willingness to give money for specific goods or services. The price conveys embedded information about the abundance of resources as well as their desirability (supply and demand) which in turn allows—on the basis of individual consensual decisions—corrections that prevent shortages and surpluses. Mises and Hayek argued that this is the only possible solution and without the information provided by market prices socialism lacks a method to rationally allocate resources. Those who agree with this criticism argue it is a refutation of socialism and that it shows that a socialist planned economy could never work. The debate raged in the 1920s and 1930s and that specific period of the debate has come to be known by economic historians as "the Socialist Calculation Debate".

Paragraph 14: Maas was the Chiefs first-round draft pick in 1984, the fifth player taken overall.  He lived up to his first-round status, being named the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year despite missing two games. After a career-high seven sacks in 1985, he matched that total the next season and was awarded his first Pro Bowl nod. He went back again to the Pro Bowl in the strike-shortened 1987 season after getting six sacks and scoring a touchdown off of a fumble recovery. Maas got off to a fast start in 1988, getting four sacks and a safety in his first seven games. He then got hurt in the eighth game and missed the rest of the season. The 1989 season was the first year in his career he did not have a sack, as it was shortened to 10 games because of injury. He did score the last touchdown of his career off of a fumble. Kansas City moved him to defensive end in 1990. He had 5.5 sacks and a safety that season. After an injury-filled 1992 season, he joined the Green Bay Packers. He spent most of the year backing up John Jurkovic at nose tackle.

Paragraph 15: The Battle of Oak Grove, also known as the Battle of French's Field or King's School House, took place on June 25, 1862, in Henrico County, Virginia, the first of the Seven Days Battles (Peninsula Campaign) of the American Civil War. Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan advanced his lines with the objective of bringing Richmond within range of his siege guns. Two Union divisions of the III Corps attacked across the headwaters of White Oak Swamp, but were repulsed by Maj. Gen. Benjamin Huger's Confederate division. McClellan, who was  in the rear, initially telegraphed to call off the attack, but ordered another attack over the same ground when he arrived at the front. Darkness halted the fighting. Union troops gained only , at a cost of over a thousand casualties on both sides.

Paragraph 16: As Emma leaves for her first vacation in 32 years with the family, the absent-minded Frederick sadly takes her to the station. She gets cold feet and decides to stay home, but Frederick won't let her and decides to go along with her to Niagara Falls. Waiting for their train, Frederick proposes and Emma accepts, even though she is afraid that people will talk. When the children learn about the marriage, Ronnie is happy for them, but the other children are embarrassed by the blot on their social record. On their honeymoon, as the happy Frederick and Emma row on the lake, they are teased by some young vacationers, prompting Frederick to take the oars from Emma. The exertion causes a mild heart attack and they return home. As the contented Frederick listens to Emma sing to him, he dies, and a short time later, the family learns that he has left his entire estate to Emma.

Paragraph 17: The Fiesta Bowl scandal in particular was the catalyst that opened the BCS up to Federal interest for the first time, largely because the government is concerned not only about the BCS's stifling of fair competition, but more importantly for the Federal Government about the possibility of fraud and tax evasion, if the BCS has violated the rules governing tax exempt organizations and groups that control tax exempt organizations. If the BCS Bowls, who are each separate entities yet also part of the BCS as a whole as well were to lose their tax exempt status, they could be liable for back taxes totaling hundreds of millions of dollars. The Fiesta Bowl abuses – especially those regarding alleged illegal and improper political contributions,  excessive executive compensation and unjustified reimbursement payments, and the making of excessive, interest free and un-repaid loans – are precisely the types of abuses that would justify the Internal Revenue Service in stripping the BCS, and each BCS Bowl and possibly even each BCS Conference school (although that is highly unlikely) of their tax exempt status. In the worst-case scenario the BCS could also be subject to forfeiture and seizure proceedings. While the worst penalties are unlikely to be enforced, even the milder penalties, such as a determination of a cartel and trust, would have devastating consequences for the BCS and the current system. The court could also order a resolution of the current unfair competition inherent in the structure of the BCS, including ordering a playoff system and ordering the Bowls to participate as the court directs rather than as the bowls had planned in the case of the BCS's demise. Despite Big 10 Commissioner Delaney's assertion that if the BCS were to fold they would "go back to the old system" if a court ordered a solution such as a playoff the Conferences would have no choice in the matter, and would be required – especially if a determination is made that the BCS is an illegal trust or cartel – to do whatever the court says, including submitting to federal oversight of the Bowl's and Bowl teams' finances and administration, and conducting a 4, 8 or 16 team playoff, or whatever other remedy the court ordered in their holding. The structure, timing and participants in such a system would be completely out of the hands of the individuals and groups who now control those decisions, and those same individuals and groups would, in all likelihood, not be given the choice of not participating. A court ruling could require them to participate just as they are now, but they would be required to do so based on the court's rules rather than the BCS rules. This is one of the main reasons that the BCS is fighting against government intervention so strongly. The Department of Justice inquiry is far and away the most potentially dangerous legal situation that the BCS has faced to date.

Paragraph 18: USM Alger whose team has regularly taken part in Confederation of African Football (CAF) competitions. Qualification for Algerian clubs is determined by a team's performance in its domestic league and cup competitions, USM Alger have regularly qualified for the primary African competition, the African Cup, by winning the Ligue Professionnelle 1. USM Alger have also achieved African qualification via the Algerian Cup and have played in both the former African Cup Winners' Cup and the CAF Cup. the first match was against CARA Brazzaville and ended in victory for USM Alger 2–0 As for the biggest win result was in 2004 against ASFA Yennenga 8–1, and biggest loss firstly defeat in 1998 against Primeiro de Agosto club, and the secondly in 2013 away at against US Bitam 3–0, first participation in International competition were in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 1982 and the maximum in the quarter-finals against Ghanaian club Hearts of Oak, in the 1989 version of the same competition and the club withdrew from the same role after the loss in the first leg against Malagasy club BFV at Omar Hamadi Stadium, after that to miss the club's continental competitions for eight years until 1997 in the CAF Champions League for the first time, The beginning was against CD Travadores from the Cape Verde and ended with score 9–2 in total after the second round faced Udoji United Nigerian club and ended with a total of 3–2 to qualify the team for the group stage, where he signed with Raja Casablanca from Morocco, Primeiro de Agosto from Angola and recently Orlando Pirates of South Africa and the team finished second with 11 points, three victories, two draws and a single defeat was against Primeiro de Agosto score 1–2 away from home, and almost USM Alger advance to the final match and goal difference in favor of Raja Casablanca. the following year in the Cup Winners' Cup USMA eliminated in the quarter-final against Angola's Primeiro de Agosto 1–5 on aggregate and before the piece in the second round faced Ghapoha Readers Ghanaian club finished 2–0 on aggregate. then he participated in the CAF Cup for the first and last time the first match was against Horoya AC and ended in favor of the Union by away goals rule. later in the second round and faced Al-Ahli Wad Madani from Sudan, where they won back and forth a total of 7–0, Tarek Hadj Adlane scored the first hat-trick in the history of the club at the continental level, the march of the team stop in the quarter-final against Wydad Casablanca by away goals rule one more time.

Paragraph 19: Both parties were unsatisfied with the peace treaty and believed that the other party was in breach of the agreed terms and that the other party should pay more for the damage during the war. It seems that Venice continued to jeopardize the rights of the Orthodox Church in the region of Skadar Lake. In such circumstances even a small conflict like a minor dispute between Hoti and Mataguži (two clans who lived north of the Skadar Lake, on the border of Zeta and Venetian Scutari) over pasture lands started chain of events which led to the new war. Although Balša III judged in favour of the Mataguži clan, Hoti attacked them and captured the disputed lands. Mataguži killed four Hoti clansmen during the counter-attack. Hoti complained to Balša, who rejected their complaints with the words "You've got what you deserve!" (). Two of disappointed Hoti's chieftains who led a minor part of the clan decided to leave Balša and requested to be accepted under the Venetian suzerainty. At first Balša himself advised the Venetian governor in Scutari to accept them because he wanted to divide them from the rest of Hoti tribesmen. When he became aware of their eventual influence on the rest of Hoti tribesmen who remained loyal to him he changed his mind and insisted that Paolo Quirin should reject their request. In November 1414 the Senate instructed Paolo Quirin to ignore Balša′s advice and to grant Venetian citizenship to Hoti renegades. In response Balša purchased weapons for his forces which in early spring 1415 attacked and burned village Kalderon near Scutari. Based on Senate's instructions Venetians bribed the leader of the major group of Hoti (Andrija Hot) to accept Venetian suzerainty. By accepting Balša's refugees, Venetians violated their previous agreements with Balša who then decided not to respect their agreements anymore. He began to collect taxes on Venetian goods, confiscate Venetian grain, rob Venetian ships on Bojana and to prepare a military campaign against Hoti who organized a preventive attack against him at the beginning of 1418. In October 1418 Venetians started to confiscate goods owned by merchants from Ulcinj to compensate Venetians traders. In autumn 1418 Balša decided to start a new war. He employed a Venetian garrison of about 50 mercenaries who guarded the Scutari fortress before they switched sides and went to Balša. Balša also arrested all Venetian citizens who were caught on the territory of Zeta. In March 1419 he started a new war—the Second Scutari War.

Paragraph 20: USM Alger whose team has regularly taken part in Confederation of African Football (CAF) competitions. Qualification for Algerian clubs is determined by a team's performance in its domestic league and cup competitions, USM Alger have regularly qualified for the primary African competition, the African Cup, by winning the Ligue Professionnelle 1. USM Alger have also achieved African qualification via the Algerian Cup and have played in both the former African Cup Winners' Cup and the CAF Cup. the first match was against CARA Brazzaville and ended in victory for USM Alger 2–0 As for the biggest win result was in 2004 against ASFA Yennenga 8–1, and biggest loss firstly defeat in 1998 against Primeiro de Agosto club, and the secondly in 2013 away at against US Bitam 3–0, first participation in International competition were in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 1982 and the maximum in the quarter-finals against Ghanaian club Hearts of Oak, in the 1989 version of the same competition and the club withdrew from the same role after the loss in the first leg against Malagasy club BFV at Omar Hamadi Stadium, after that to miss the club's continental competitions for eight years until 1997 in the CAF Champions League for the first time, The beginning was against CD Travadores from the Cape Verde and ended with score 9–2 in total after the second round faced Udoji United Nigerian club and ended with a total of 3–2 to qualify the team for the group stage, where he signed with Raja Casablanca from Morocco, Primeiro de Agosto from Angola and recently Orlando Pirates of South Africa and the team finished second with 11 points, three victories, two draws and a single defeat was against Primeiro de Agosto score 1–2 away from home, and almost USM Alger advance to the final match and goal difference in favor of Raja Casablanca. the following year in the Cup Winners' Cup USMA eliminated in the quarter-final against Angola's Primeiro de Agosto 1–5 on aggregate and before the piece in the second round faced Ghapoha Readers Ghanaian club finished 2–0 on aggregate. then he participated in the CAF Cup for the first and last time the first match was against Horoya AC and ended in favor of the Union by away goals rule. later in the second round and faced Al-Ahli Wad Madani from Sudan, where they won back and forth a total of 7–0, Tarek Hadj Adlane scored the first hat-trick in the history of the club at the continental level, the march of the team stop in the quarter-final against Wydad Casablanca by away goals rule one more time.

Paragraph 21: Following the firing of Dave Navarro in early 1998, Flea felt the only way the band could continue was if John Frusciante returned to the band. Frusciante quit the band in 1992 during the height of their success on their Blood Sugar Sex Magik Tour and spiraled into a heavy drug addiction which almost took his life. Flea always remained in contact, and he helped talk Frusciante into admitting himself to Las Encinas Drug Rehabilitation Center in January 1998. He concluded the process in February of that year and began renting a small apartment in Silver Lake, California. Singer Anthony Kiedis was surprised and thought there was no way Frusciante would ever want to work with him as the two still had unresolved personal problems from when Frusciante quit in 1992. With Frusciante free of his addictions and ailments, Kiedis and Flea thought it was an appropriate time to invite him back. In April 1998, when Flea visited him at his home and asked him to rejoin the band, Frusciante began sobbing and said "nothing would make me happier in the world." Flea decided to contact Kiedis and have him meet with Frusciante to try and resolve any personal problems that the two might have had. Flea was relieved to find out that both had no bad blood towards each other and were once again excited to make music together. Within the week and, for the first time in six years, the reunited foursome jump-started the newly reunited Red Hot Chili Peppers. With the band ready to make their comeback, a short 12 date tour was scheduled from June until September. On June 5, 1998, and for the first time since 1992 with Frusciante, gave an acoustic performance at KBLT Radio Studios in Los Angeles which was hosted by Mike Watt and featured Keith Morris as the DJ. The highlights included the very first performance of "Soul to Squeeze", solo songs by Flea and Frusciante and Morris joining the band on vocals (he originally filled in for Kiedis for one show in 1986) for a cover of Black Flag's "Nervous Breakdown". Seven days later the band gave their first official public performance at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C. The band was also in town to perform at the Tibetan Freedom Concert however their set was cancelled due to a severe thunderstorm that left one girl severely burned by a lightning strike (Kiedis would visit her in the hospital). Pearl Jam decided to cut their set short so the Chili Peppers could perform a quick three song set. Shows in New York City. Chicago (a special private show for Miller Genuine Draft contest winners), California and Las Vegas followed with a nine date tour of Central America being cancelled so the band could focus on recording their next album Californication.

Paragraph 22: Both parties were unsatisfied with the peace treaty and believed that the other party was in breach of the agreed terms and that the other party should pay more for the damage during the war. It seems that Venice continued to jeopardize the rights of the Orthodox Church in the region of Skadar Lake. In such circumstances even a small conflict like a minor dispute between Hoti and Mataguži (two clans who lived north of the Skadar Lake, on the border of Zeta and Venetian Scutari) over pasture lands started chain of events which led to the new war. Although Balša III judged in favour of the Mataguži clan, Hoti attacked them and captured the disputed lands. Mataguži killed four Hoti clansmen during the counter-attack. Hoti complained to Balša, who rejected their complaints with the words "You've got what you deserve!" (). Two of disappointed Hoti's chieftains who led a minor part of the clan decided to leave Balša and requested to be accepted under the Venetian suzerainty. At first Balša himself advised the Venetian governor in Scutari to accept them because he wanted to divide them from the rest of Hoti tribesmen. When he became aware of their eventual influence on the rest of Hoti tribesmen who remained loyal to him he changed his mind and insisted that Paolo Quirin should reject their request. In November 1414 the Senate instructed Paolo Quirin to ignore Balša′s advice and to grant Venetian citizenship to Hoti renegades. In response Balša purchased weapons for his forces which in early spring 1415 attacked and burned village Kalderon near Scutari. Based on Senate's instructions Venetians bribed the leader of the major group of Hoti (Andrija Hot) to accept Venetian suzerainty. By accepting Balša's refugees, Venetians violated their previous agreements with Balša who then decided not to respect their agreements anymore. He began to collect taxes on Venetian goods, confiscate Venetian grain, rob Venetian ships on Bojana and to prepare a military campaign against Hoti who organized a preventive attack against him at the beginning of 1418. In October 1418 Venetians started to confiscate goods owned by merchants from Ulcinj to compensate Venetians traders. In autumn 1418 Balša decided to start a new war. He employed a Venetian garrison of about 50 mercenaries who guarded the Scutari fortress before they switched sides and went to Balša. Balša also arrested all Venetian citizens who were caught on the territory of Zeta. In March 1419 he started a new war—the Second Scutari War.

Paragraph 23: After arriving in Erinsborough, Dakota goes to The Waterhole where she slaps and kisses Paul Robinson. When Paul catches up with Dakota, he explains that a brain tumour affected his memory and he is not sure who she is. They bond when she explains their past; he abandoned her in South America, and when his deputy, Carlos, took over the business, Dakota entered a romantic relationship with him. However, he was involved in dodgy deals and when Dakota accidentally gave information to the authorities, she fled the area, fearful of Carlos' reaction. Paul offers her a room at the Lassiter's Hotel, and she phones Carlos, revealing that she has returned to scam Paul into buying them a bar. Although initially having his doubts, Paul agrees, eager to impress her. She bumps into Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) in the Waterhole and flirts with him. Paul shows Dakota the location for the bar at a disused radio station, and she decides that she wants to employ his nephew, Daniel (Tim Phillipps) to work in the bar. Dakota uses the bar as a front for a diamond smuggling ring. The diamonds are hidden in shipments of coffee beans, which Dakota puts in Daniel's name. She continues to flirt with Brennan and later kisses him, which angers his girlfriend, Paige (Olympia Valance), who then tips a drinks over Dakota's laptop. Paul also becomes jealous of Dakota flirting with Brennan. Dakota assures Paul that she is only interested in him. When a new shipment of diamonds come in, Dakota asks Paul to sign for them, after Daniel is arrested for jay walking. Dakota learns that Brennan used to be a detective and she tells Paul not to worry about the shipment. The police launch a sting operation and find the diamonds, while Dakota disappears. She later returns to blackmail Paul into giving her $10,000 to leave the country. Four years later, Paul's son, Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano), meets with Dakota to investigate a fire in a factory in São Paulo that killed Rafael Humphreys' (Ryan Thomas) mother. Leo pretends he is meeting with Dakota for a business meeting and Dakota explains that she and Paul were business partners in São Paulo. Dakota gets suspicious of Leo after seeing that he has a call from Lassiter's. Leo eventually reveals that he is Paul's son, before trying to force Dakota to tell him the truth by threatening her with a USB containing emails from her regarding stolen diamonds. When Leo becomes distracted, Dakota manages to take the USB and run off. It is later discovered that Dakota started the fire for compensation from her insurance company.