Paragraph 1: The protests, which started on 2 July, are organized by some nationalist and leftist parties, primarily VMRO-DPMNE, its coalition Renewal, Levica, Democratic Party of Serbs in Macedonia and others. They rejected the EU's proposal to approve the country's negotiating framework, also known as the French proposal. The protesters rallied under the slogan "Ultimatum, No Thanks!" They also carried posters with inscriptions: "Fuck the EU" and "Bulgarian fascism - European value". On July 4, protesters symbolically burned the 2017 Treaty of Friendship, Good Neighborliness and Cooperation with Bulgaria, the 2018 Prespa agreement with Greece and the so-called French proposal for the start of North Macedonia's negotiation process with the EU, calling these documents fascist.North Macedonia: Nationalist protesters reject French EU proposal.  Deutsche Welle, 03.07.2022. Macedonian singer Lambe Alabakovski, who burned the documents, was arrested a month earlier by the police in Bitola in connection with the burning of a Bulgarian cultural center in the city. On 5 July, 47 policemen were injured. Protesters threw various items at the parliament building, government building and the building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Skopje. Offensive and even vulgar chants against the European Union and Bulgaria were heard during the protests. Slogans were raised that Bulgaria is a “fascist state” and the EU is a “fascist union”. Protesters in Skopje carried mostly the former national flag, abandoned under Greek pressure, because of its relation to the controversial antiquization nation building policy,Anastas Vangeli (2011) Nation-building ancient Macedonian style: the origins and the effects of the so-called antiquization in Macedonia, Nationalities Papers, 39:1, 13-32, as well as red flags with communist symbols, while the European flag was set on fire in one instance. The protesters demanded the resignation of the government and chanted also for the restoration of the former name of the country, disputed by Greece, because of its origin. Violence escalated further when groups of ethnic Macedonians and Albanians, clashed in the centre of Skopje, at the Skanderbeg Square. During the clash demonstrators threw stones at a group of people and three armed people were present, shots were fired into the air. The armed people were later apprehended by the police. As a result of the protests, the "Albanian Alliance" ended any partnership with the opposition, which practically left it isolated, because the other Albanian formations support the government. On 14 July, thousands of protesters protested in front of the parliament, while the French proposal was being discussed. President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen came to address the parliament, where she was met with whistles and jeers from the opposition MPs. The opposition MPs wore t-shirts with the word “no’ written on them in red and held up banners against the French proposal. At one point, MP Apasiev served von der Leyen a pamphlet with a large "NO" written on it. Prime Minister Dimitar Kovačevski also addressed the parliament and asked the MPs to accept the deal, while the opposition MPs protested. During the same day, a demonstration march was led by Kumanovo Municipality Mayor Maksim Dimitrievski in Kumanovo. On the next day an opposition lawmaker compared von der Leyen's visit to the Nazis' activity related to the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring. VMRO-DPMNE also threatened that Prime Minister Kovačevski will be in prison for what he is doing to (North) Macedonia and its people. On July 16, the former Foreign Minister from VMRO-DPMNE Antonio Milošoski accused the ruling Social Democrats of treason. A deputy of the SDSM, asked him "who are you to call us traitors, you who has several passports in your pocket", alluding to the claims that he has Bulgarian citizenship, as many other Macedonians. At the end of the same session, with 68 "yes" votes, the parliament approved draft conclusions, giving the government a mandate to negotiate within the so-called "French proposal".

Paragraph 2: The story begins in a different place for each playable character. With the exception of Charlotte, the main character is soon told (or otherwise decides) to seek the advice of the Priest of Light in the Holy City Wendel. They arrive at the city of Jadd soon after the Beastmen have invaded. Due to the Beastmen's werewolf powers, they are able to make an escape by night. The main character—now including Charlotte—on the way to Wendel stays overnight in Astoria where they are woken by a bright light. Following it, it reveals itself to be a Faerie from the Sanctuary of Mana, exhausted by her journey. Out of desperation, the Faerie chooses the main character to be her host and tells them to get to Wendel. There, while they explain their grievances to the Priest of Light, the Faerie interrupts and explains that the Mana Tree is dying, and that the Sanctuary is in danger. The Priest explains that if the Tree dies, the Benevodons will reawaken and destroy the world. He goes on to explain further that, because the Faerie has chosen the main character as its host, they must travel to the Sanctuary to draw the Sword of Mana from the foot of the Mana Tree. They can then restore peace to the world, and have their wishes granted by the Mana Goddess if the sword is drawn before the Tree dies. A great deal of power is needed to open the gate to the Sanctuary. The Faerie does not have the strength to do it, and the ancient spell which would do so by unlocking the power in the Mana Stones also takes the caster's life. The Stones' guarding elemental spirits, however, will to be able to open the gate if their powers are combined

Paragraph 3: There are three opinion of scholar about origin of Kurukh people. According to Sarat Chandra Roy, Kurukh people might have migrated from Coorg in South India. In 1987, Elefenbein proposed Bloch's hypothesis, in which he proposed the Brahui tribe migrated from Baluchistan to Sindh where Brahui is still spoken, and the Rohtasgarh and Rajmahal hills. Those who migrated to Rohtasgarh were Kurukh and Rajmahal hills were Malto. According to another opinion, Kurukh people were living in Indus valley civilization, then they migrated to South and Central India after the decline of the Indus valley civilization due to droughts and floods in 2500 BCE. During the British Period, Kurukh people rebelled against the British East India Company authority and local Zamindars against tax imposition. The Budhu Bhagat led the Lakra rebellion which is also known as the Kol uprising in 1832. According to the writings of Colonel Edward Tuite Dalton, Oraon claimed that they were settled in Gujurat, then they were expelled from there. Then they settled in Kalinjar, where they fought with Lowrik Sowrik of Palipiri and were defeated. Then they came to Rohtasgarh and were driven out by Muslims during the reign of Akbar. Then they settled in Chotanagpur. According to Dalton, Oraon were settled in Chotanagpur before the reign of Akbar and possibly some Oraon were in Rohtas hills when Rohtasgarh fort was constructed by Muslims. According to him the Oraon language is similar to Tamil, but some words spoken by Oraon are of Sanskrit origin due to their living with Sanskrit and Prakrit speaking people in the past. The physical features of Oraon are the darkest but those who live in mixed settlements have varieties of features.

Paragraph 4: The conspicuous hill upon which Dinas Brân was built reaches an elevation of 321.4m / 1054 ft Amsl and is composed of thinly bedded, uncleaved, late Silurian deep water marine silty mudstones of the Dinas Brân Geological Formation (formerly the Dinas Brân Group or Dinas Brân Beds). At up to 225m in thickness, the Dinas Brân Formation is thought to range upwards in age into the late Ludfordian Stage, the upper of two chronostratigraphic subdivisions within the Ludlow epoch (427.4 ± 0.5 million years to 423.0 ± 2.3 million years ago in duration). Geographically, the mudstones and siltstones extend from the type exposures around Dinas Brân to the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct about 4.1 miles (6.6 km) to the east. The formation occupies the core of the Llangollen syncline and, although the basal junction is not seen, it overlies the Vivod Group (or Monograptus leintwardinensis Beds) of Wills and Smith (1922) which also consist of thinly bedded flaggy mudstones. Upper junction of the Dinas Brân Formation is likewise not exposed, but opposite the (Llangollen - Panorama Walk) Wern road T-junction at the base of the Eglwyseg Escarpment is a very small outcrop of dark olive-grey mudstone with abundant remains of the brachiopod Dayia navicula (J. de C. Sowerby, 1839). This exposure is unconformably overlain by fossiliferous Lower Carboniferous Limestone of the Clwyd Limestone Group (deposited between 363 and 325 million years ago) that forms the impressive escarpment, but once again the actual junction is obscured by a combination of scree, regolith and common gorse (Ulex europaeus). Silurian fossils can also be observed in scree and rubble below the castle on the steep northern slope and in the deep rock-cut ditches partially surrounding the ruin, which served the dual purpose of both defense and quarrying stone to build Dinas Brân. Orthocone straight-shelled Nautiloids (Molluscan Class Cephalopoda), various brachiopod species and rare Trilobite remains may also be found.

Paragraph 5: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 6: Australia was one of the first countries to develop a standard pallet.  During World War II the United States, as part of their logistics effort, used palletized transport on a scale never before seen.  This especially impressed the Australians who were still mostly handling goods by manual effort.  When the war ended, the Americans left behind their materials handling equipment and a very large stock of pallets in Australia.  The Australian government formed the Commonwealth Handling Equipment Pool (CHEP) to exploit these assets, and it was CHEP that introduced the Australian standard pallet.  The government sold the assets of CHEP in the 1950s, mostly to port authorities, but the trading name of CHEP was taken by Brambles Limited and is now the largest pallet rental business in the world.

Paragraph 7: Escapist fiction is fiction that provides psychological escape from reality by immersing readers in a "new world" created by the author. This "new world" aims to compensate for the arbitrariness and the unpredictability of the real one. Typically, an author of escapist fiction offers structure, rationality and resolution to real world problems throughout their medium. The genre facilitates mentalisation; that is, escapist fiction encourages psychological engagement from the reader. Escapist fiction is often contrasted with realism, which confronts the reader with the harsh reality of war, disease, family dysfunction, crime, foreclosure, death, etc. It encompasses a number of different genres within it; any fiction that immerses the reader into a world different from their own is fundamentally escapist fiction. Escapist literature aims to give readers imaginative entertainment rather than to address contemporary issues and provoke serious and critical thoughts.

Paragraph 8: But by the 1960s a new generation was coming to the fore:   cold war imperatives had generated a new set of targets for political hatred  and the taboo on discussing the Hitler period in public became a little less absolute.   More recently, arguments have surfaced that it was precisely because of his known intellectual support for the Hitler regime that, in respect of his personal situation, Petersen felt able to take significant risks on a human level.   After 1933 it became clear that antisemitism was no mere toxic mantra for street politicians but a core underpinning of government belief.   Many Jews escaped abroad.   Others, unable to afford to escape or unwilling to accept that the Nazis believed their own propaganda, stayed in Germany and were, in vast numbers, murdered at the direction of the government a few years later.   Petersen continued to employ Jewish assistants at the university in defiance of government diktats and where possible protected them.   The case most often cited in respect of Petersen's personal actions is that of Eduard Berend who, with Petersen's support, managed to remain in Germany till 1938, and then to escape successfully to America via Switzerland.   Later, when Petersen's involvement in the case of Berend became known to colleagues, his fellow (rival) literary scholar, Franz Koch, demanded in writing that Petersen should be removed by the university authorities, because he was not acting in accordance with the interests of "the movement".   Petersen successfully defended his position, insisting that he had helped Berend and others not on account of their race, but in the interests of the smooth operation of the university and on account of the need to keep hold of "the best men".   Two of his better known students, identified by the authorities as Jewish or half-Jewich, whom Petersen helped to escape the country after their situation in Germany became unacceptably dangerous, were Richard Alewyn and Charlotte Jolles.  Both later spoke of him with nothing but respect, despite his well publicised statements, during the Hitler years, in support of National Socialism.   When Petersen died in 1941 it was  Alewyn, by this time resident in America, who published an obituary in "German Quarterly", a periodical publication produced by the "American Association of Teachers of German", in which he defended his former tutor's integrity and paid tribute to his helpfulness.

Paragraph 9: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 10: Poetry submissions began almost immediately, as did short story submissions with lesbian themes. Book reviews of current paperbacks were regular features, including a heated exchange in print between contributors to The Ladder and author Marijane Meaker as Ann Aldrich from 1957 to 1963. Meaker had written the immensely successful Spring Fire in 1952 under the name Vin Packer and was known to the Daughters of Bilitis. Meaker's books We Walk Alone from 1955 and We, Too, Must Love from 1958 were her version of Donald Webster Cory's The Homosexual in America, a nonfiction account published in 1951 about what it was like to live as a gay man in the US. Meaker's books, published by Gold Medal Books, were distributed all over the US, and gave people in remote places an idea of what it was like to live as a lesbian. The books, however, were not particularly sympathetic to lesbians, and Del Martin and Barbara Grier took issue with Meaker's portrayals. They began to criticize the books in The Ladder and suggest that Meaker was expressing self-hatred in the books. Del Martin wrote to Meaker personally in 1958, giving her a free subscription to the magazine. Meaker's reach to women was much broader through the distribution of her books, and she received so much mail from women asking for resources and support that she was unable to respond to all of it, so she referred the letter writers to the Daughters of Bilitis. However, in print, Meaker responded to the open letters to her in The Ladder in her next book Carol in a Thousand Cities in 1960, by skewering the magazine's amateurish homemade appearance, fiction and poetry she did not appreciate, and the ideas presented in the magazine. Again, The Ladder responded, once more calling Meaker's loyalties into question. However negative Carol in a Thousand Cities was to The Ladder, it was major advertising for the DOB and letters poured in for them from all over the U.S.

Paragraph 11: |ShortSummary=Rufus escapes and Jerome asks Nina to protect him from Rufus. Amber receives her first invitation to the prom – a message on her profile from "King Tut". She reckons it is a boy with a thing about Egyptology and worries that this means Jason or even Fabian. She decides to let Fabian down easily when he says he hasn't asked anyone yet. Nina arrives and he gets nervous. Then Amber realizes "King Tut" is full of himself and thinks it is Jerome. Jerome makes a joke about it and embarrasses her in front of the house. Fabian asks Nina to the prom and she accepts. Meanwhile, Sibuna tries to assemble the Cup, but they find that it is not that simple. Thanks to Jerome, Nina and her friends realize that not only is there a Chosen Hour in which the Cup of Ankh must be assembled, but also a Chosen One (who they assume is Joy) the only person who can restore the Cup to its former shape and power. However, Victor knows this too, and the Chosen Hour is almost upon them. The night of the prom arrives, and Amber still doesn't have a dress or a date, until "King Tut" reveals himself to be Alfie, with a dress for her that was stolen by Jerome. However, prom is the least of Sibuna's worries as the teachers prepare for the Chosen Hour and Rufus springs his final trap. Joy is captured by her father, Victor, and the others in the Society of Ankh order her to assemble the Cup as the Chosen Hour arrives. Meanwhile, a gloating Rufus tells Nina and Sibuna that not even Victor knows the full consequences of drinking from the Cup of Immortality. Joy fails in her attempts to assemble the cup, and she realizes that she isn't the Chosen One. Meanwhile, Sibuna escapes Rufus and they make it back to the house. They find that Nina and Joy share the same birthday, but Joy says that her birthday was at 7PM while Nina was born at 7AM – the true seventh hour. They discover that Nina is the Chosen One and she reassembles the Cup, only to have it taken by Rufus, who returns. After Rufus drinks from it, he puts it in the fire and leaves. It turns out that Fabian switched the real elixir of life with a fake one and threw the real one away. Upon hearing this, Victor is devastated. The kids all leave to go to the prom, accepting that the quest is over. However, when Nina was about to leave the house, she hears Sarah's voice telling her to go back and that it is not over yet. Nina finds out the Cup is not destroyed after all. Sarah tells Nina to bury the Cup of Ankh and to make sure that no one finds it. After burying the Cup, she goes to the dance. Amber chooses the Prom King and Queen to be Fabian and Nina. Nina and Fabian dance and finally have their first kiss. Then the episode ends with the camera panning down to reveal the Cup of Ankh glowing buried underneath the stage.

Paragraph 12: On November 8, 1948, the Huaihai Campaign was about to start, so the nationalist department of defense decided to withdraw the 7th army and the 6th army from northern Jiangsu province to the nationalist military headquarters in Xuzhou.  Huang was ordered to wait for another KMT corps (44th corps) to arrive from the 9th pacification zone in Haizhou (海州) before he can travel across the Grand Canal, precious time of 2 days were wasted. He also made the crucial mistake of not securing a bridgehead on the grand canal, and the 320,000 communist soldiers of the  Eastern China Field Army under Su Yu caught up with him, and the 63rd corps under his command were wiped out of the 7th army's order of battle while trying route to cross the grand canal at Yaowan (窑湾) after finishing the rearguard duties. On the same day (November 8, 1948), as Huang continued to retreat toward Xuzhou, Communist underground members of the 3rd pacification zone suddenly revolted on the battlefield, surrendering 23,000 troops to the communist forces.  The nationalist headquarters in Xuzhou under Liu Zhi panicked and ordered the 13th army under Lieutenant General Li Mi, which was defending the east side of Xuzhou, to retreat to back to Xuzhou. Those developments allowed the communist forces to completely cut off Huang's 7th army from the rest of the nationalist forces by taking Caobaji (曹八集) and Daxujia (大许家) vacated by Li Mi's 13th army.  Chiang Kai-shek ordered the KMT 2nd army and 13th army to relieve the 7th army; But Lieutenant General Qiu Qingquan, commander of the 2nd army, was not eager to save his beleaguered colleague because of their previous feuds and feared the Communists might encircle his unit as well. Li Mi did try but his relief efforts were beaten back by the communist forces, despite the support of planes and tanks. After 15 days of brutal fighting, the 7th army was destroyed in Nianzhuang (碾庄) village, only 20 miles from Xuzhou. On the night of November 22, 1948, Huang Baitao committed suicide after he successfully broke out from his army headquarters with his deputy commander of the 25th corps, who smuggled his body and personal belongings through the communist security checkpoints.  Since Huang Baitao was one of the few KMT army commanders who chose death rather than being taken prisoner by the Communists, President Chiang Kai-shek personally arranged a state funeral for him. The Nationalist Government posthumously promoted him to four-star general and awarded him with his second Order of Blue Sky and White Sun. When the People's Liberation Army approached on Nanjing in the summer of 1949, the survivors of the 7th army transferred his remains to Taiwan.

Paragraph 13: On November 8, 1948, the Huaihai Campaign was about to start, so the nationalist department of defense decided to withdraw the 7th army and the 6th army from northern Jiangsu province to the nationalist military headquarters in Xuzhou.  Huang was ordered to wait for another KMT corps (44th corps) to arrive from the 9th pacification zone in Haizhou (海州) before he can travel across the Grand Canal, precious time of 2 days were wasted. He also made the crucial mistake of not securing a bridgehead on the grand canal, and the 320,000 communist soldiers of the  Eastern China Field Army under Su Yu caught up with him, and the 63rd corps under his command were wiped out of the 7th army's order of battle while trying route to cross the grand canal at Yaowan (窑湾) after finishing the rearguard duties. On the same day (November 8, 1948), as Huang continued to retreat toward Xuzhou, Communist underground members of the 3rd pacification zone suddenly revolted on the battlefield, surrendering 23,000 troops to the communist forces.  The nationalist headquarters in Xuzhou under Liu Zhi panicked and ordered the 13th army under Lieutenant General Li Mi, which was defending the east side of Xuzhou, to retreat to back to Xuzhou. Those developments allowed the communist forces to completely cut off Huang's 7th army from the rest of the nationalist forces by taking Caobaji (曹八集) and Daxujia (大许家) vacated by Li Mi's 13th army.  Chiang Kai-shek ordered the KMT 2nd army and 13th army to relieve the 7th army; But Lieutenant General Qiu Qingquan, commander of the 2nd army, was not eager to save his beleaguered colleague because of their previous feuds and feared the Communists might encircle his unit as well. Li Mi did try but his relief efforts were beaten back by the communist forces, despite the support of planes and tanks. After 15 days of brutal fighting, the 7th army was destroyed in Nianzhuang (碾庄) village, only 20 miles from Xuzhou. On the night of November 22, 1948, Huang Baitao committed suicide after he successfully broke out from his army headquarters with his deputy commander of the 25th corps, who smuggled his body and personal belongings through the communist security checkpoints.  Since Huang Baitao was one of the few KMT army commanders who chose death rather than being taken prisoner by the Communists, President Chiang Kai-shek personally arranged a state funeral for him. The Nationalist Government posthumously promoted him to four-star general and awarded him with his second Order of Blue Sky and White Sun. When the People's Liberation Army approached on Nanjing in the summer of 1949, the survivors of the 7th army transferred his remains to Taiwan.

Paragraph 14: Australia was one of the first countries to develop a standard pallet.  During World War II the United States, as part of their logistics effort, used palletized transport on a scale never before seen.  This especially impressed the Australians who were still mostly handling goods by manual effort.  When the war ended, the Americans left behind their materials handling equipment and a very large stock of pallets in Australia.  The Australian government formed the Commonwealth Handling Equipment Pool (CHEP) to exploit these assets, and it was CHEP that introduced the Australian standard pallet.  The government sold the assets of CHEP in the 1950s, mostly to port authorities, but the trading name of CHEP was taken by Brambles Limited and is now the largest pallet rental business in the world.

Paragraph 15: Australia was one of the first countries to develop a standard pallet.  During World War II the United States, as part of their logistics effort, used palletized transport on a scale never before seen.  This especially impressed the Australians who were still mostly handling goods by manual effort.  When the war ended, the Americans left behind their materials handling equipment and a very large stock of pallets in Australia.  The Australian government formed the Commonwealth Handling Equipment Pool (CHEP) to exploit these assets, and it was CHEP that introduced the Australian standard pallet.  The government sold the assets of CHEP in the 1950s, mostly to port authorities, but the trading name of CHEP was taken by Brambles Limited and is now the largest pallet rental business in the world.

Paragraph 16: Australia was one of the first countries to develop a standard pallet.  During World War II the United States, as part of their logistics effort, used palletized transport on a scale never before seen.  This especially impressed the Australians who were still mostly handling goods by manual effort.  When the war ended, the Americans left behind their materials handling equipment and a very large stock of pallets in Australia.  The Australian government formed the Commonwealth Handling Equipment Pool (CHEP) to exploit these assets, and it was CHEP that introduced the Australian standard pallet.  The government sold the assets of CHEP in the 1950s, mostly to port authorities, but the trading name of CHEP was taken by Brambles Limited and is now the largest pallet rental business in the world.

Paragraph 17: But by the 1960s a new generation was coming to the fore:   cold war imperatives had generated a new set of targets for political hatred  and the taboo on discussing the Hitler period in public became a little less absolute.   More recently, arguments have surfaced that it was precisely because of his known intellectual support for the Hitler regime that, in respect of his personal situation, Petersen felt able to take significant risks on a human level.   After 1933 it became clear that antisemitism was no mere toxic mantra for street politicians but a core underpinning of government belief.   Many Jews escaped abroad.   Others, unable to afford to escape or unwilling to accept that the Nazis believed their own propaganda, stayed in Germany and were, in vast numbers, murdered at the direction of the government a few years later.   Petersen continued to employ Jewish assistants at the university in defiance of government diktats and where possible protected them.   The case most often cited in respect of Petersen's personal actions is that of Eduard Berend who, with Petersen's support, managed to remain in Germany till 1938, and then to escape successfully to America via Switzerland.   Later, when Petersen's involvement in the case of Berend became known to colleagues, his fellow (rival) literary scholar, Franz Koch, demanded in writing that Petersen should be removed by the university authorities, because he was not acting in accordance with the interests of "the movement".   Petersen successfully defended his position, insisting that he had helped Berend and others not on account of their race, but in the interests of the smooth operation of the university and on account of the need to keep hold of "the best men".   Two of his better known students, identified by the authorities as Jewish or half-Jewich, whom Petersen helped to escape the country after their situation in Germany became unacceptably dangerous, were Richard Alewyn and Charlotte Jolles.  Both later spoke of him with nothing but respect, despite his well publicised statements, during the Hitler years, in support of National Socialism.   When Petersen died in 1941 it was  Alewyn, by this time resident in America, who published an obituary in "German Quarterly", a periodical publication produced by the "American Association of Teachers of German", in which he defended his former tutor's integrity and paid tribute to his helpfulness.

Paragraph 18: Australia was one of the first countries to develop a standard pallet.  During World War II the United States, as part of their logistics effort, used palletized transport on a scale never before seen.  This especially impressed the Australians who were still mostly handling goods by manual effort.  When the war ended, the Americans left behind their materials handling equipment and a very large stock of pallets in Australia.  The Australian government formed the Commonwealth Handling Equipment Pool (CHEP) to exploit these assets, and it was CHEP that introduced the Australian standard pallet.  The government sold the assets of CHEP in the 1950s, mostly to port authorities, but the trading name of CHEP was taken by Brambles Limited and is now the largest pallet rental business in the world.

Paragraph 19: The polychrome "main panel" paintings came to the attention of the general public due to the work of the ASASC. This was largely due to two of the crew members: the artist Charles La Monk, who made full-scale reproductions of several of the paintings, and who published a short report on his work in 1953, and Gordon Redtfeldt, who made several field sketches at this time. La Monk's paintings and Redtfeldt's sketches were circulated in the archaeological community, and knowledge of the existence of the site and the paintings began to spread. In 1959–1960, Dr. Charles Rozaire performed the first general survey of the area and he recorded eleven more-or-less distinct "sites."  These were given the State of California site numbers CA-VEN-151 to CA-VEN-161; the Burro Flats painted cave itself thus became CA-VEN-160. Rozaire also performed new excavations in the same area where the ASASC had worked some years earlier. This was at what Rozaire had recorded as CA-VEN-151. These two "sites" are adjacent to each other, but are distinct; there was no archaeological deposit in the painted cave, the floor of which is bedrock. The artifacts that Rozaire recovered were added to the ASASC collections, and they are now also in the possession of the Autry Museum. Of the Burro Flats cave art, Rozaire noted that they are most like "those in the west-central coast ranges of Santa Barbara, Kern, Los Angeles, and Ventura counties." As such, the painting were composed in what is now called the Chumash-style. This was confirmed by the noted rock art expert, Campbell Grant, who visited the site in the mid-1960s. Grant recorded the main panel in detail and gave it his number Ventura-4, and he described it as his Ventureno (i.e. Eastern Chumash) type site (see Rock Paintings of the Chumash 1965). The area was examined again in 1973 by the archaeologist Franklin Fenenga, who consolidated all 11 of Rozaire's "sites" into a single large site, although Rozaire's 11 "site" numbers continued to be cited by many researchers. Fenenga said that, "Because of its magnitude, the complex of features which are integral to it, the dramatic physiographic location, the unmodified natural landscape, and the fine state of preservation [it is] one of the major examples of aboriginal American art, one of the most important archaeological sites in America [i.e. in the United States] and it certainly meets the criteria for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places." The area that was first described by Rozaire in the 1960s, and later by Fenenga in 1973, was listed on the National Register in 1976. The listing is called "Burro Flats Painted Cave," which is of itself actually only one site-locus. The 25 acres that were listed include at least 24 loci, many of which include pictographs, petroglyphs, and cupules.  In the border reduction, it is referred to as the "Burro Flats Site", the title-case version of the "Burro Flats site" found in many sources.

Paragraph 20: Escapist fiction is fiction that provides psychological escape from reality by immersing readers in a "new world" created by the author. This "new world" aims to compensate for the arbitrariness and the unpredictability of the real one. Typically, an author of escapist fiction offers structure, rationality and resolution to real world problems throughout their medium. The genre facilitates mentalisation; that is, escapist fiction encourages psychological engagement from the reader. Escapist fiction is often contrasted with realism, which confronts the reader with the harsh reality of war, disease, family dysfunction, crime, foreclosure, death, etc. It encompasses a number of different genres within it; any fiction that immerses the reader into a world different from their own is fundamentally escapist fiction. Escapist literature aims to give readers imaginative entertainment rather than to address contemporary issues and provoke serious and critical thoughts.

Paragraph 21: Chief Joseph, Tom Hill, and several other Nez Perce then met with Howard, Miles, and Chapman between the lines. Joseph indicated that he surrendered only his own band and that others would make their own decisions. He later said that "General Miles said to me in plain words, 'If you come out and give up your arms, I will spare your lives and send you to your reservation." At ll:00 AM, the surrender negotiations were completed and Joseph returned to his lines. In mid to late afternoon, Joseph appeared for the formal surrender, mounted on a black pony with a Mexican saddle and flanked by five warriors on foot. According to Lieutenant Charles Erskine Scott Wood, who left an account of the surrender, Joseph's gray woolen shawl showed the marks of four or five bullets and his forehead and wrist had been scratched by bullets. Joseph dismounted and offered General Howard, whom he knew personally, his Winchester rifle. Howard motioned for him to give the rifle to Miles. The soldiers then escorted Joseph to the rear. Lt. Wood said Joseph was "in great distress" over the fate of his daughter who had become separated from him early in the battle.

Paragraph 22: The team debuted the No. 78 Ford Thunderbird in 1993 at the First Union 400 at North Wilkesboro Speedway with driver Jay Hedgecock. Hedgecock would miss the race. They would attempt Pocono later that year, again missing the race. Hedgecock would qualify the 78 at the fall Wilkesboro event. Hedgecock would return in 1994, qualifying for both races he attempted. Pancho Carter would also attempt three races, qualifying for one. Carter would again attempt three races in 1995, and would once again only make one. Canadian driver Randy MacDonald would join the team in 1996 with limited success. The team did however score its first big sponsorship break, with country music band Diamond Rio and Hanes coming aboard. MacDonald had declared for Rookie of the Year, however, success was again limited. MacDonald would attempt 12 races, only qualifying for three. Following his DNQ at the 1996 Southern 500, MacDonald was released in favor of  Billy Standridge. Standridge would qualify for three races and was signed for the 1997 season. For the first time, Triad would attempt their first full season. The effort would once again prove futile, as Standridge would only qualify for five of the first 17 races. Standridge would leave and re-open his own team. He would be replaced by Gary Bradberry, who had been released by TriStar Motorsports earlier that season. Bradberry would successfully qualify for eight out of 12 races he attempted with the team. At the end of the season, Bradberry was announced to be the team's full time driver for 1998, with sponsorship from Pilot Travel Centers and Flying J. The team's hopes of a successful season began to falter, as Bradberry only timed in with lap of 48.967 at 183 mph in his new Ford Taurus, leaving him 52nd of the 55 drivers entered. The team's former driver Standridge, would qualify 20th in his year old, underfunded, self owned 47 Ford Thunderbird. After starting 21st in his duel, Bradberry came up two spots short of advancing and missed the 500. Bradberry would not qualify until the fourth race of the season at Atlanta, starting 20th. The race, would go extremely bad, as the car only lasted 12 laps, leaving Bradberry and the 78 43rd. The 78 would miss the next two races before qualifying in fine fashion at Texas, starting 10th and finishing 24th. Following two more DNQ's, Bradberry would qualify for Fontana, Charlotte and Dover. Despite this, the team would skip Richmond, and instead return at Michigan, finishing 34th. The team would skip, Pocono, Infineon and New Hampshire, the latter which saw Bradberry take a turn behind the wheel of the ISM Racing Pontiac, known as the "Tobasco Fiasco", finishing 40th after an engine failure. Bradberry and Triad would return at the second Pocono race, missing the show. At the 1998 Brickyard 400, during second round qualifying, Bradberry had a hard crash in turn 2. Team and driver would not make another start until the 1998 Southern 500, finishing 37th. The team would make the final three races of the season, finishing no better than 28th. The team would set eyes in 1999, with Bradberry returning. However, like the previous two seasons, the team would miss the 500. Following three withdrawals and sponsorship problems, owner Jim Wilson had enough, and shut his team down, never to be seen in NASCAR again.

Paragraph 23: In the first decades of the twentieth century, southern gospel drew much of its creative energy from the holiness movement churches that arose throughout the south. Early gospel artists such as The Speer Family, The Stamps Quartet, The Blackwood Family, and The Lefevre Trio achieved wide popularity through their recordings and radio performances in the 1920s, 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. On October 20, 1927, The Stamps Quartet recorded its early hit "Give The World A Smile" for RCA Victor, which become the Quartet's theme song. The Stamps Quartet was heard on the radio throughout Texas and the South. A handful of groups were considered pioneers in southern gospel music for a series of "firsts." The Blackwood Brothers, with James Blackwood and J.D. Sumner became the first group to travel in a bus, which is on display at the Southern Gospel Museum and Hall of Fame at Dollywood in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Sumner also was instrumental in creating the National Quartet Convention, an annual music festival where many groups, both known and well known perform for a week. The Speer Family was known for bringing blended groups to mainstream popularity where both male and female performers toured together. The best known group of the 1950s and 1960s was the Statesmen Quartet, which set the trend for broad appeal of the all-male quartets that would develop years later. The Statesmen were known for their showmanship and introduction of jazz, ragtime, and even some early rock and roll. Elements into their music and their stage appearance with trendy suits and wide audience appeal and were known for their signature song, "Happy Rhythm" (Rockin and a'Rollin).

Paragraph 24: There are three opinion of scholar about origin of Kurukh people. According to Sarat Chandra Roy, Kurukh people might have migrated from Coorg in South India. In 1987, Elefenbein proposed Bloch's hypothesis, in which he proposed the Brahui tribe migrated from Baluchistan to Sindh where Brahui is still spoken, and the Rohtasgarh and Rajmahal hills. Those who migrated to Rohtasgarh were Kurukh and Rajmahal hills were Malto. According to another opinion, Kurukh people were living in Indus valley civilization, then they migrated to South and Central India after the decline of the Indus valley civilization due to droughts and floods in 2500 BCE. During the British Period, Kurukh people rebelled against the British East India Company authority and local Zamindars against tax imposition. The Budhu Bhagat led the Lakra rebellion which is also known as the Kol uprising in 1832. According to the writings of Colonel Edward Tuite Dalton, Oraon claimed that they were settled in Gujurat, then they were expelled from there. Then they settled in Kalinjar, where they fought with Lowrik Sowrik of Palipiri and were defeated. Then they came to Rohtasgarh and were driven out by Muslims during the reign of Akbar. Then they settled in Chotanagpur. According to Dalton, Oraon were settled in Chotanagpur before the reign of Akbar and possibly some Oraon were in Rohtas hills when Rohtasgarh fort was constructed by Muslims. According to him the Oraon language is similar to Tamil, but some words spoken by Oraon are of Sanskrit origin due to their living with Sanskrit and Prakrit speaking people in the past. The physical features of Oraon are the darkest but those who live in mixed settlements have varieties of features.

Paragraph 25: There are three opinion of scholar about origin of Kurukh people. According to Sarat Chandra Roy, Kurukh people might have migrated from Coorg in South India. In 1987, Elefenbein proposed Bloch's hypothesis, in which he proposed the Brahui tribe migrated from Baluchistan to Sindh where Brahui is still spoken, and the Rohtasgarh and Rajmahal hills. Those who migrated to Rohtasgarh were Kurukh and Rajmahal hills were Malto. According to another opinion, Kurukh people were living in Indus valley civilization, then they migrated to South and Central India after the decline of the Indus valley civilization due to droughts and floods in 2500 BCE. During the British Period, Kurukh people rebelled against the British East India Company authority and local Zamindars against tax imposition. The Budhu Bhagat led the Lakra rebellion which is also known as the Kol uprising in 1832. According to the writings of Colonel Edward Tuite Dalton, Oraon claimed that they were settled in Gujurat, then they were expelled from there. Then they settled in Kalinjar, where they fought with Lowrik Sowrik of Palipiri and were defeated. Then they came to Rohtasgarh and were driven out by Muslims during the reign of Akbar. Then they settled in Chotanagpur. According to Dalton, Oraon were settled in Chotanagpur before the reign of Akbar and possibly some Oraon were in Rohtas hills when Rohtasgarh fort was constructed by Muslims. According to him the Oraon language is similar to Tamil, but some words spoken by Oraon are of Sanskrit origin due to their living with Sanskrit and Prakrit speaking people in the past. The physical features of Oraon are the darkest but those who live in mixed settlements have varieties of features.

Paragraph 26: Sachiko finally made her return on April 9, 2010, losing to Dash Chisako in the first round of the 2nd Battle Field tournament. The following month, the Jumonji sisters reformed their tag team. On August 22, Sachiko made her debut for the Oz Academy promotion, teaming with Chisako in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hiroyo Matsumoto and Tomoka Nakagawa. On September 23, Sachiko made her debut for Ice Ribbon, taking part in the interpromotional rivalry between Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling and Ice Ribbon, when she, Chisako, Hiren, Kagetsu and Ryo Mizunami teamed in a ten-woman captain's fall tag team match, where they defeated Makoto, Hikaru Shida, Kazumi Shimouna, Natsuki☆Taiyo and Tsukasa Fujimoto. In January 2011, Sachiko began an extended tour of working exclusively for Okinawa Pro Wrestling; the tour was eventually extended until May 23, due to Sendai Girls' going inactive in the aftermath of the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, which caused severe damage to the city of Sendai. On July 7, Sachiko returned to Sendai Girls', working at the promotion's first event since the disaster. During 2011, Sachiko also made debuts for World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana, World Wonder Ring Stardom and Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina, where she made it to the semifinals of the CMLL-Reina International Junior Championship tournament, before losing to Zeuxis. After defeating the Lovely Butchers (Hamuko Hoshi and Mochi Miyagi) at an Ice Ribbon event on August 21, 2011, the Jumonji sisters were invited to take part in a tournament to determine the new International Ribbon Tag Team Champions. On September 24, Sachiko and Chisako entered the one night tournament, first defeating Hikari Minami and Riho in the first round and then the Lovely Butchers in the semifinals. Finally, Sachiko and Chisako defeated the team of Manami Toyota and Tsukushi in the finals to win the vacant International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, the first title for both of the sisters. The Jumonji sisters made their first title defense on October 15, wrestling Tsukasa Fujimoto and Tsukushi to a time limit draw, which meant that they were stripped of the title, which was again declared vacant. On October 27, both Sachiko and Chisako were entered into Team Sendai in the Joshi Puroresu Dantai Taikou Flash tournament, a single-elimination tournament, where different joshi promotions battled each other. In their first round match, Team Sendai, which besides the Jumonji sisters included Kagetsu, Meiko Satomura and Miyako Morino, defeated Team Ice Ribbon, which included Emi Sakura, Hikari Minami, Hikaru Shida, Tsukasa Fujimoto and Tsukushi. As each round progressed in the tournament, the number of participants in each team was reduced, which meant that neither Sachiko nor Chisako wrestled in the remaining matches, but were ringside for the finals, where Kagetsu and Satomura defeated Team Stardom's Nanae Takahashi and Yoshiko to win the tournament for Team Sendai. The rivalry between Sendai Girls' and Ice Ribbon ended on December 25, 2011, at RibbonMania, where Sachiko and Meiko Satomura faced Emi Sakura and Tsukushi in a decision match for the vacant International Ribbon Tag Team Championship. The match ended with Tsukushi pinning Sachiko for the win, earning Ice Ribbon the final victory over Sendai Girls', who had previously dominated the rivalry.

Paragraph 27: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 28: Poetry submissions began almost immediately, as did short story submissions with lesbian themes. Book reviews of current paperbacks were regular features, including a heated exchange in print between contributors to The Ladder and author Marijane Meaker as Ann Aldrich from 1957 to 1963. Meaker had written the immensely successful Spring Fire in 1952 under the name Vin Packer and was known to the Daughters of Bilitis. Meaker's books We Walk Alone from 1955 and We, Too, Must Love from 1958 were her version of Donald Webster Cory's The Homosexual in America, a nonfiction account published in 1951 about what it was like to live as a gay man in the US. Meaker's books, published by Gold Medal Books, were distributed all over the US, and gave people in remote places an idea of what it was like to live as a lesbian. The books, however, were not particularly sympathetic to lesbians, and Del Martin and Barbara Grier took issue with Meaker's portrayals. They began to criticize the books in The Ladder and suggest that Meaker was expressing self-hatred in the books. Del Martin wrote to Meaker personally in 1958, giving her a free subscription to the magazine. Meaker's reach to women was much broader through the distribution of her books, and she received so much mail from women asking for resources and support that she was unable to respond to all of it, so she referred the letter writers to the Daughters of Bilitis. However, in print, Meaker responded to the open letters to her in The Ladder in her next book Carol in a Thousand Cities in 1960, by skewering the magazine's amateurish homemade appearance, fiction and poetry she did not appreciate, and the ideas presented in the magazine. Again, The Ladder responded, once more calling Meaker's loyalties into question. However negative Carol in a Thousand Cities was to The Ladder, it was major advertising for the DOB and letters poured in for them from all over the U.S.

Paragraph 29: Chief Joseph, Tom Hill, and several other Nez Perce then met with Howard, Miles, and Chapman between the lines. Joseph indicated that he surrendered only his own band and that others would make their own decisions. He later said that "General Miles said to me in plain words, 'If you come out and give up your arms, I will spare your lives and send you to your reservation." At ll:00 AM, the surrender negotiations were completed and Joseph returned to his lines. In mid to late afternoon, Joseph appeared for the formal surrender, mounted on a black pony with a Mexican saddle and flanked by five warriors on foot. According to Lieutenant Charles Erskine Scott Wood, who left an account of the surrender, Joseph's gray woolen shawl showed the marks of four or five bullets and his forehead and wrist had been scratched by bullets. Joseph dismounted and offered General Howard, whom he knew personally, his Winchester rifle. Howard motioned for him to give the rifle to Miles. The soldiers then escorted Joseph to the rear. Lt. Wood said Joseph was "in great distress" over the fate of his daughter who had become separated from him early in the battle.

Paragraph 30: The fact that the interfaith committee at the British Council of Churches was at the time located within the Mission Division and was mainly funded by Missionary Societies made reflection on mission an almost inevitable aspect of the director's role. Cracknell's sustained interest in Christian mission is indicated by the title chosen for the 2000 volume, A Great Commission, edited by Martin Forward, in honor of his scholarly contribution. Cracknell's 1985 book, Towards A New Relationship written while serving at the BCC explored many of the Biblical passages, such as John 14: 6 and Acts 4: 2 that Christian cite to defend an exclusive view of salvation as found only through an explicit, with the lips confession of Jesus as Lord and Savior.  Cracknell argued that salvation is to be found "in the Name" but that "His Name is the Name because it affords the means by which human beings share in the grace and love that is the nature of God himself"  His linguistic skill with the Biblical languages often disarmed critics, who saw his approach as a betrayal of Christian truth but who relied on English translations of the two testaments.  Ariarajah says that "without denying any of the positive aspects of mission", Cracknell challenges Christians to re-think their attitudes to Others free from "prejudices stemming from the assumption of cultural superiority." Hugh Goddard refers to a "detailed study" of the Protestant World Missionary Conference of 1910 in Cracknell (1994) in which he "concluded that in some ways nineteenth century Christian thinking, including  that of some missionaries, was readier than subsequent Christian thought to contemplate continuity rather than discontinuity between Christianity and other religions".  "In that sense", says Goddard, Cracknell suggests that "under the influence of Barth and Kraemer the twentieth century has gone backwards rather than forwards."  Cracknell was awarded his Oxford BD for this book.

Paragraph 31: Sachiko finally made her return on April 9, 2010, losing to Dash Chisako in the first round of the 2nd Battle Field tournament. The following month, the Jumonji sisters reformed their tag team. On August 22, Sachiko made her debut for the Oz Academy promotion, teaming with Chisako in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hiroyo Matsumoto and Tomoka Nakagawa. On September 23, Sachiko made her debut for Ice Ribbon, taking part in the interpromotional rivalry between Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling and Ice Ribbon, when she, Chisako, Hiren, Kagetsu and Ryo Mizunami teamed in a ten-woman captain's fall tag team match, where they defeated Makoto, Hikaru Shida, Kazumi Shimouna, Natsuki☆Taiyo and Tsukasa Fujimoto. In January 2011, Sachiko began an extended tour of working exclusively for Okinawa Pro Wrestling; the tour was eventually extended until May 23, due to Sendai Girls' going inactive in the aftermath of the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, which caused severe damage to the city of Sendai. On July 7, Sachiko returned to Sendai Girls', working at the promotion's first event since the disaster. During 2011, Sachiko also made debuts for World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana, World Wonder Ring Stardom and Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina, where she made it to the semifinals of the CMLL-Reina International Junior Championship tournament, before losing to Zeuxis. After defeating the Lovely Butchers (Hamuko Hoshi and Mochi Miyagi) at an Ice Ribbon event on August 21, 2011, the Jumonji sisters were invited to take part in a tournament to determine the new International Ribbon Tag Team Champions. On September 24, Sachiko and Chisako entered the one night tournament, first defeating Hikari Minami and Riho in the first round and then the Lovely Butchers in the semifinals. Finally, Sachiko and Chisako defeated the team of Manami Toyota and Tsukushi in the finals to win the vacant International Ribbon Tag Team Championship, the first title for both of the sisters. The Jumonji sisters made their first title defense on October 15, wrestling Tsukasa Fujimoto and Tsukushi to a time limit draw, which meant that they were stripped of the title, which was again declared vacant. On October 27, both Sachiko and Chisako were entered into Team Sendai in the Joshi Puroresu Dantai Taikou Flash tournament, a single-elimination tournament, where different joshi promotions battled each other. In their first round match, Team Sendai, which besides the Jumonji sisters included Kagetsu, Meiko Satomura and Miyako Morino, defeated Team Ice Ribbon, which included Emi Sakura, Hikari Minami, Hikaru Shida, Tsukasa Fujimoto and Tsukushi. As each round progressed in the tournament, the number of participants in each team was reduced, which meant that neither Sachiko nor Chisako wrestled in the remaining matches, but were ringside for the finals, where Kagetsu and Satomura defeated Team Stardom's Nanae Takahashi and Yoshiko to win the tournament for Team Sendai. The rivalry between Sendai Girls' and Ice Ribbon ended on December 25, 2011, at RibbonMania, where Sachiko and Meiko Satomura faced Emi Sakura and Tsukushi in a decision match for the vacant International Ribbon Tag Team Championship. The match ended with Tsukushi pinning Sachiko for the win, earning Ice Ribbon the final victory over Sendai Girls', who had previously dominated the rivalry.

Paragraph 32: Go! Discs was a London-based record label, launched in 1983 from offices in Wendell Road, Shepherd's Bush, by Andy Macdonald and Lesley Symons. The pair founded the label after Macdonald left his job as press officer at Stiff Records, and Symons provided the seed funding. The first signing to the label was Billy Bragg and early releases also came from Sheffield band The Box and Hull band The Housemartins. Records by the latter's spin-off group The Beautiful South were subsequently issued. Key staff contributors, following a move to Hammersmith, included comedian Phill Jupitus and Cathal Smyth (Madness' Chas Smash). Go! Beat Records was launched as a subsidiary for artists like Beats International, Gabrielle and Portishead. In 1992, Paul Weller signed for the main Go! Discs label.

Paragraph 33: 68 The blowing of the Armageddon trumpet, when every creatures and creations will meet their death, except those chosen by Allah to survive the Qiamah According to several tafsir scholars, the creature who destined to survive from the Armageddon trumpet blow were Israfil, an archangel who blow the trumpet himself. Israfil were also said to be one of gigantic archangels who bear the throne of Allah. According to a Hadith sourced from Anas ibn Malik which narrated by Ibn Mawardayh and al-Firyabi, Al-Suyuti narrated those who survived from the blow of the Israfil trumpet were Israfil, Jibril, Mikail, Bearers of the Throne, and the Archangel of death.

Paragraph 34: As Dr. Elias Wirtham, he opens the new Hospital for Emergency Aid and Recuperative Therapy (H.E.A.R.T.) in the former site of Mister Negative's homeless shelter. As Cardiac he has stolen items to help aid patients being treated there. On a trip to "procure" a device to help a girl with severe brain damage from "The Boneyard" (a police impound for confiscated supervillain items), he fights with the Superior Spider-Man (Doctor Octopus' mind in Peter Parker's body). Due to Peter's interference with Doctor Octopus, Cardiac is able to temporarily stun Spider-Man with a strong blast and escape with the Neurolitic Scanner (a device that Doctor Octopus had invented to develop his mind link to his tentacles), but not without being tagged by an old spider-tracer. Wirtham is preparing the Neurolitic Scanner that he previously stole to scan the brain of his patient Amy Chen to find a damaged area of her brain. It becomes difficult due to the complexity of the device. Cardiac replies that the only one who can handle it properly is Otto Octavius. When Wirtham is preparing for his surgery, the alarms at H.E.A.R.T. Clinic activate. As Wirtham changes into Cardiac, he notices a Spider-Tracer as Otto arrives. Otto demands that Cardiac surrenders the Neurolitic Scanner, and Cardiac refuses. They battle in the hospital. While Otto tries to fend off the attacks, Cardiac tries to delay him but fails. Otto finds the Neurolitic Scanner on Amy's head and even tries to retrieve it, but Peter refuses to allow him to do so until Cardiac manages to stop him. Otto demands an explanation, and Cardiac reveals that when Otto tried to kill the planet with his Heat Satellites, he didn't considered about those who were already sick like Amy (whose parents died in an accident caused by his scheme), and she barely survived with severe brain damage. Otto feels remorse for this and decides to help Cardiac with the surgery, offering to perform the surgery himself. Even though Otto is having minor afflictions with his hand, the surgery is a success. Cardiac thanks Spider-Man for the help, and Otto replies that he was wrong about him and offers his help on anything which makes Cardiac allow Otto to borrow the Neurolitic Scanner.

Paragraph 35: The first semi-final between Corporate-sponsored Mankind and fan-favorite Steve Austin started more with a brawl than wrestling; Mankind threw off his tuxedo jacket as the two exchanged rough punches until Austin landed in the corner at which point Mankind began to bite him before landing a knee drop into his face and using his shoe as a weapon. After receiving a Lou Thesz press and a stunner attempt, Mankind ran away but McMahon's cronies, who were at ringside caught up with him and stopped him. Austin caught him from behind with a clothesline and the two fought in and out of the ring with referee Mike Chioda reluctant to count out or disqualify either wrestler. As the two met back in the ring, they grappled so much that Mankind's shirt came out of his trousers, resembling more and more his old appearance by the time a double clothesline floored both wrestlers. Mankind was thrown a chair from the outside but as he ran it into Stone Cold, Austin put his foot up, kicking Mankind through the chair. Still, Mankind was unabated delivering a double-armed DDT onto the chair and when that would not keep Austin down, he tried a piledriver on the chair but Austin ran him forward then tossed him over his back so that he landed on the chair. He picked him up and executed a Stone Cold Stunner on the chair too and as he made what seemed to be the inevitable victory, McMahon jumped out of his wheelchair and pulled the referee out of the ring, punching him to the ground and kicking him. With Austin looking on in shock, Mankind applied the mandible claw but as his trousers fell down he had trouble maintaining balance. Austin threw him into the ropes and caught another stunner, covering him despite there being no referee; suddenly Shane McMahon ran down the ramp and slid into the ring counting, but then stopping suddenly at two and as Austin looked up, Shane sat up on his knees and gave Austin the finger. Gerald Brisco and Slaughter climbed in the ring and hit Austin with a chair, then Shane counted the pinfall advancing Mankind into the final. McMahon's entourage sped off quickly, jumping into a limousine and being followed by Austin.

Paragraph 36: The team debuted the No. 78 Ford Thunderbird in 1993 at the First Union 400 at North Wilkesboro Speedway with driver Jay Hedgecock. Hedgecock would miss the race. They would attempt Pocono later that year, again missing the race. Hedgecock would qualify the 78 at the fall Wilkesboro event. Hedgecock would return in 1994, qualifying for both races he attempted. Pancho Carter would also attempt three races, qualifying for one. Carter would again attempt three races in 1995, and would once again only make one. Canadian driver Randy MacDonald would join the team in 1996 with limited success. The team did however score its first big sponsorship break, with country music band Diamond Rio and Hanes coming aboard. MacDonald had declared for Rookie of the Year, however, success was again limited. MacDonald would attempt 12 races, only qualifying for three. Following his DNQ at the 1996 Southern 500, MacDonald was released in favor of  Billy Standridge. Standridge would qualify for three races and was signed for the 1997 season. For the first time, Triad would attempt their first full season. The effort would once again prove futile, as Standridge would only qualify for five of the first 17 races. Standridge would leave and re-open his own team. He would be replaced by Gary Bradberry, who had been released by TriStar Motorsports earlier that season. Bradberry would successfully qualify for eight out of 12 races he attempted with the team. At the end of the season, Bradberry was announced to be the team's full time driver for 1998, with sponsorship from Pilot Travel Centers and Flying J. The team's hopes of a successful season began to falter, as Bradberry only timed in with lap of 48.967 at 183 mph in his new Ford Taurus, leaving him 52nd of the 55 drivers entered. The team's former driver Standridge, would qualify 20th in his year old, underfunded, self owned 47 Ford Thunderbird. After starting 21st in his duel, Bradberry came up two spots short of advancing and missed the 500. Bradberry would not qualify until the fourth race of the season at Atlanta, starting 20th. The race, would go extremely bad, as the car only lasted 12 laps, leaving Bradberry and the 78 43rd. The 78 would miss the next two races before qualifying in fine fashion at Texas, starting 10th and finishing 24th. Following two more DNQ's, Bradberry would qualify for Fontana, Charlotte and Dover. Despite this, the team would skip Richmond, and instead return at Michigan, finishing 34th. The team would skip, Pocono, Infineon and New Hampshire, the latter which saw Bradberry take a turn behind the wheel of the ISM Racing Pontiac, known as the "Tobasco Fiasco", finishing 40th after an engine failure. Bradberry and Triad would return at the second Pocono race, missing the show. At the 1998 Brickyard 400, during second round qualifying, Bradberry had a hard crash in turn 2. Team and driver would not make another start until the 1998 Southern 500, finishing 37th. The team would make the final three races of the season, finishing no better than 28th. The team would set eyes in 1999, with Bradberry returning. However, like the previous two seasons, the team would miss the 500. Following three withdrawals and sponsorship problems, owner Jim Wilson had enough, and shut his team down, never to be seen in NASCAR again.

Paragraph 37: The protests, which started on 2 July, are organized by some nationalist and leftist parties, primarily VMRO-DPMNE, its coalition Renewal, Levica, Democratic Party of Serbs in Macedonia and others. They rejected the EU's proposal to approve the country's negotiating framework, also known as the French proposal. The protesters rallied under the slogan "Ultimatum, No Thanks!" They also carried posters with inscriptions: "Fuck the EU" and "Bulgarian fascism - European value". On July 4, protesters symbolically burned the 2017 Treaty of Friendship, Good Neighborliness and Cooperation with Bulgaria, the 2018 Prespa agreement with Greece and the so-called French proposal for the start of North Macedonia's negotiation process with the EU, calling these documents fascist.North Macedonia: Nationalist protesters reject French EU proposal.  Deutsche Welle, 03.07.2022. Macedonian singer Lambe Alabakovski, who burned the documents, was arrested a month earlier by the police in Bitola in connection with the burning of a Bulgarian cultural center in the city. On 5 July, 47 policemen were injured. Protesters threw various items at the parliament building, government building and the building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Skopje. Offensive and even vulgar chants against the European Union and Bulgaria were heard during the protests. Slogans were raised that Bulgaria is a “fascist state” and the EU is a “fascist union”. Protesters in Skopje carried mostly the former national flag, abandoned under Greek pressure, because of its relation to the controversial antiquization nation building policy,Anastas Vangeli (2011) Nation-building ancient Macedonian style: the origins and the effects of the so-called antiquization in Macedonia, Nationalities Papers, 39:1, 13-32, as well as red flags with communist symbols, while the European flag was set on fire in one instance. The protesters demanded the resignation of the government and chanted also for the restoration of the former name of the country, disputed by Greece, because of its origin. Violence escalated further when groups of ethnic Macedonians and Albanians, clashed in the centre of Skopje, at the Skanderbeg Square. During the clash demonstrators threw stones at a group of people and three armed people were present, shots were fired into the air. The armed people were later apprehended by the police. As a result of the protests, the "Albanian Alliance" ended any partnership with the opposition, which practically left it isolated, because the other Albanian formations support the government. On 14 July, thousands of protesters protested in front of the parliament, while the French proposal was being discussed. President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen came to address the parliament, where she was met with whistles and jeers from the opposition MPs. The opposition MPs wore t-shirts with the word “no’ written on them in red and held up banners against the French proposal. At one point, MP Apasiev served von der Leyen a pamphlet with a large "NO" written on it. Prime Minister Dimitar Kovačevski also addressed the parliament and asked the MPs to accept the deal, while the opposition MPs protested. During the same day, a demonstration march was led by Kumanovo Municipality Mayor Maksim Dimitrievski in Kumanovo. On the next day an opposition lawmaker compared von der Leyen's visit to the Nazis' activity related to the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring. VMRO-DPMNE also threatened that Prime Minister Kovačevski will be in prison for what he is doing to (North) Macedonia and its people. On July 16, the former Foreign Minister from VMRO-DPMNE Antonio Milošoski accused the ruling Social Democrats of treason. A deputy of the SDSM, asked him "who are you to call us traitors, you who has several passports in your pocket", alluding to the claims that he has Bulgarian citizenship, as many other Macedonians. At the end of the same session, with 68 "yes" votes, the parliament approved draft conclusions, giving the government a mandate to negotiate within the so-called "French proposal".

Paragraph 38: Beginning in late March, the group also began using their old moniker of the Wolfpac, as well as the entrance theme used by the nWo splinter group in WCW. TNA was able to do this since the Wolfpac intellectual property was not acquired by the WWF upon its purchase of WCW in 2001. On the March 29 episode of Impact!, Nash offered Young a spot in the Wolfpac. Young refused the offer and in the main event of the evening, teamed up with Rob Van Dam and Jeff Hardy to defeat the Wolfpac in a six-man tag team steel cage match. During the episode, Bubba also debuted as the group's personal interviewer. At Lockdown, Nash defeated Young in a steel cage match. Later in the night, Nash replaced Syxx-Pac, who no-showed the event, and teamed up with Hall in a St. Louis Street Fight, where they were defeated by Team 3D. It was later reported that Waltman had let TNA know days in advance that he was not cleared to wrestle by the Missouri State Commission and was not going to be able to attend the event. On the April 26 episode of Impact!, Waltman was found lying backstage in a pool of his own blood, after apparently having been put through a table off screen by Team 3D. The following week, Eric Young turned on Team 3D and revealed himself as the surprise third member of the Wolfpac, replacing Syxx-Pac. On May 4, at the tapings of the May 13 episode of Impact!, after TNA World Tag Team Champion Matt Morgan had been attacked by Samoa Joe, Nash cashed in his "Feast or Fired" contract, teaming with Hall, and pinned him to win the TNA World Tag Team Championship. Prior to their match at Sacrifice, Nash invoked the so-called "Freebird Rule" which allowed Eric Young to be recognized as a champion and allowed any two of the three members to defend the championships at any time. At the event, Nash and Hall defeated Ink Inc. (Jesse Neal and Shannon Moore). At the June 14 tapings of the June 17 episode of Impact!, the Wolfpac was stripped of the TNA World Tag Team Championship due to Hall's legal problems. The following day it was reported that both Hall and Waltman had been released from their contracts with TNA. On the June 24 episode of Impact!, Nash and Young decided to part ways, as Nash intended to go after Hogan, whom he blamed for what had happened to Hall and Waltman, and did not want Young to get into trouble for it.