Paragraph 1: On 4 April, the club announced the contract extension of Vukomanović for three more years until 2025. It was the first time that the club has renewed the contract of a first-team head coach since its inception in 2014. The 2022–23 Indian Super League began on a high note with a 3–1 victory over SC East Bengal on 7 October 2022 which was also his first home game as the Blasters manager after the regular home-away format returned after the Covid-19 regulation. Despite of this, the Blasters suffered three defeats in a row. They came back to the winning ways after defeating NorthEast United FC 3–0 on 5 November in an away game. On 13 November, the Blasters broke FC Goa's unbeaten six year run against them after a 3–1 win. This also marked Vukomanović's 14th win as the manager of the Blasters and broke David James' record for most number of wins for the club. On 19 November, he became the first manager in the history of the club to record three consecutive win after defeating Hyderabad 1–0 in an away game. On 3 February 2023, Vukamanovic served his 42nd game as the manager of Kerala Blasters and broke David James' record of managing the most number of games for the club. On 7 February, the Blasters registered their 10th win during the 2022–23 Indian Super League season after defeating Chennaiyin FC 2–1 at home. This was the first time in their history that the club won 10 games in a season. On 16 February, the Blasters qualified for the 2022–23 season playoffs, making Vukamanovic the first manager in the club's history to lead them into consecutive playoffs. On 3 March, the Blasters played against Bengaluru FC in the playoffs which was subjected to controversy. Sunil Chhetri scored a controversial free-kick goal in the 96th minute. Following the goal, the Blasters players walked-off the pitch after Vukomanović called them off from the pitch. Kerala Blasters forfeited the match after claiming that the referee Crystal John did not blow the whistle before Chhetri took the kick and the players were not ready. The next day, Vukamanovic and the whole team received a warm welcome at the Kochi airport with the chants of “Ivan, Ivan,” and “we are with you”. Kerala Blasters later alleged that the referee asked Luna to move away from ball and hence the free kick should have only been allowed following a whistle. The club also asked for a ban on the referee Crystal John.

Paragraph 2: At one point, Devoure threatens to have Bigman locked inside a ship without food and water, and then sent to his death by robots. Later, Bigman is almost killed by a robot on Devoure's orders. Since the society of Sirius is eugenically bred to be uniformly tall, the robot believes Devoure when he says the much shorter Bigman is not a human being. Both themes; of robots harming people despite the Three Laws of Robotics, due to incomplete definition of "harm" and "human", are featured in Asimov's Robot and Foundation series, most prominently with relation to the planet Solaria. In The Naked Sun, robots have been instructed to carry out crimes like poisoning by dividing the task among them so that they can't see the entire picture, while in Robots and Empire and Foundation and Earth, Solarian robots were shown to consider only Solarians to be humans, and thus have no problems with killing human beings from other planets. Also, the villain of The Naked Sun attempted to build robotic ships capable of destroying inhabited planets and crewed ships due to being unaware of the presence of humans. In this book, Bigman attempts to discuss the possible damage to the Solar System population with a robot, but it appears unaware of the data and programmed to ignore attempts to teach it about the matter.

Paragraph 3: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 4: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 5: "Since U Been Gone" is a bubblegum and indie rock-influenced pop rock and power pop power ballad written and produced by Max Martin and Dr. Luke. The song, which is set in common time with a moderate tempo of 132 beats per minute, is written in the key of G major. Popdose staff noted that the song contains "electronics-enhanced sheen" which infuses an appropriate dichotomy between the loud and soft sound of alternative-rock. The song also incorporates ringing guitars with plaintive lyrics and a huge chorus. It has a chord progression of G-Am–Em–F, and Clarkson's vocal range in the song spans two octaves from the low note of G3 to the high note of G5. Film Laureate of Blogcritics praised "Since U Been Gone" for its "high energy, vocally powered, pop/rock jam with a hook that is infectious". The same opinion was echoed by Entertainment Weekly staff who thought that the song highlighted Clarkson's "sublime" vocals and praised the song for its "addictive" hook. Dave Donnelly of Sputnikmusic compared the musical arrangements of "Since U Been Gone" to Clarkson's "Behind These Hazel Eyes". He opined that the two songs allow the melodies to represent themselves because the tight musical arrangements complement Clarkson's vocals.

Paragraph 6:  Dienekes is one of the main characters in Steven Pressfield's novel Gates of Fire (1998).  He's known for his memorable one-liners and quick wit, which resembles his real life quote of "fighting in the shade." Throughout the book the author alludes to his humble, hardworking character which the narrator uses to explain his excellent leadership skills and fighting prowess as a platoon commander. His main job as an officer was to "fire their valor when it flagged, and rein in their fury when it threatened to take them out of hand." He is described as being a  master teacher and a "student of fear." He shares his timeless wisdom  throughout the book with his protege. Throughout the book he tries to strip fighting of its mystery by saying that "war is work" that the preparation for war is the most noble and virtuous pursuit. He preaches that there is a "force beyond fear" through only attaining and abiding by the virtues laid out by Spartan law. He also describes the fighting ability of warriors who have touched the sublime in battle. He quotes his late brother when asked how he fought like an immortal and he responds, "More virtue." One of the most profound pieces of wisdom he shares with readers is that "love is the opposite of fear."

Paragraph 7: This type was still in development when the crisis in May and the lack of APX3 turrets — Cail had been overrun and it had been decided to deliver most vehicles as "turretless AMDs" to the troops — led to an emergency programme to fit the surplus hulls with a new turret type. On 29 May 1940 Renault was contacted and quickly initial ideas of improvising an open-topped turret for a 25 mm gun grew into a new closed turret, a design by Engineer Joseph Restany, capable of holding the much more powerful standard 47 mm SA 35 tank gun, a first version of which was finished on 31 May. To provide enough room to operate the larger gun the back of the new octagonal turret was raised, resulting in an extreme wedge-shaped profile. The armour consisted of welded 25 mm plates all-around, reinforced on the front with a spaced appliqué 13 mm plate. The turret had a single rather narrow top hatch and lacked the rear hatch that had been usual for French designs. The turret had to be rotated by hand, an electrical drive being absent. Also a machine-gun was lacking. A single vehicle was tested on 5 June and completed on 6 June, but plans to build forty vehicles of the type from 11 June at a rate of four a day came to naught, despite an official order on 13 June, and an intention to attain a monthly production of thirty-five from August onwards, as Paris was declared an open city on 10 June and the factory evacuated on 12 June. The single vehicle, provisionally called the Voiture 47, was allocated to 1er RAM on 6 June and defended on 15 June a bridge near Etignie, destroying two German "heavy tanks" (of an unspecified type) and a column trying to force a crossing. On 17 June, 10:00, it was destroyed by its own crew at Cosnes-sur-Loire when their unit was unable to cross the Loire river with its heavy equipment.

Paragraph 8: Between 1821 and 1823 its east side was mapped by William Edward Parry, who named the peninsula (along with Melville Island) after Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville First Sea Lord of the Admirality. Since 1999, it has been part of Nunavut. Before that, it was part of the District of Franklin. Most of the peninsula lies in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region, while its southwesternmost section, around Repulse Bay, lies in the Kivalliq Region. Communities on the peninsula include the hamlets of Naujaat and Sanirajak. The hamlet of Igloolik is located on an island lying just off the northeastern coast of the peninsula. Adjoining Igloolik is Igloolik Airport.

Paragraph 9: The mixed religious or secular music appears since the 16th century in Spanish and indigenous languages. Baroque music is imported from Spain but with European and African instruments (such as drums and congas) appears. The Spanish also introduce a wider musical scale than the indigenous pentatonic, and a melodic and poetic repertoire, transmitted by writings such as songbooks, common of it is the sung voice, common in the European baroque music, the mixed aesthetics are the fruit of diverse contributions indigenous, African and especially, Spanish and European. Instruments introduced by the Spanish are the chirimías, sackbuts, dulcians, orlos, bugles, violas, guitars, violins, harps, organs, etc., along with percussions (that can be indigenous or African), everything converges on music heard by everyone. The Dominican Diego Durán in 1570 writes, "All the peoples have parties, and therefore it is unthinkable to remove them (because it is impossible and because it is not convenient either)", himself parade like the natives with a bouquet of flowers at a Christian party that coincides with the celebration of Tezcatlipoca in Mexico. The Jesuits develop with great success a "pedagogy of theatricality", with this the Society of Jesus attracts the natives and blacks to the church, where children learn to play European instruments. In Quito (1609): "there were many dances of tall and small Indigenous, and there was no lack of Moscas Indigenous who danced in the manner of the New Kingdom [European] (...) and dances of Spaniards and blacks and other dances of the Indigenous must dance before the Blessed Sacrament and in front of the Virgin Mary and the saints at parties and Easter, if they don't do it then they are punished". The well-known Zambra mora was commonly danced by blacks, to the sound of castanets and drums. The Spanish Sarabande was danced by whites and blacks. Blacks also have their chiefs. In these local events, the brotherhoods of the Congos give rise to the Congadas (Brazil, Caribbean).

Paragraph 10: The cathedral is sited along a ridge running north–south on the eastern edge of the central area of the city and projects a dominating and inspiring presence, its roof and towers rising up above the neighbouring buildings and trees. The four arms of its plan establish axes that link it to the harbour and Woolloomooloo, to Hyde Park and to College and Macquarie Streets. The long English form of the building restates and reinforces these axes, powerfully weaving the cathedral into the urban fabric. As well as providing majestic vistas from the harbour and Potts Point, from Hyde Park and the adjacent streets, and from the elevated viewpoints of many central city buildings, the cathedral offers from within beautifully framed and precious vistas of the surrounding city. It is the largest nineteenth-century ecclesiastical building in the English archaeological Gothic style anywhere in the world. The refinement and scholarship of its composition and details are of the highest rank. Together with St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, St Mary's is the major ecclesiastical work of architect William Wardell, a Gothic Revival architect of international significance practising in Australia. The cathedral is a repository of many items of aesthetic significance from the stained glass windows to the altars, statues, vestments, liturgical objects, paintings and mosaics and is important as a venue for musical events and has a considerable role in the practice of bell ringing in Australia.

Paragraph 11: The cathedral is sited along a ridge running north–south on the eastern edge of the central area of the city and projects a dominating and inspiring presence, its roof and towers rising up above the neighbouring buildings and trees. The four arms of its plan establish axes that link it to the harbour and Woolloomooloo, to Hyde Park and to College and Macquarie Streets. The long English form of the building restates and reinforces these axes, powerfully weaving the cathedral into the urban fabric. As well as providing majestic vistas from the harbour and Potts Point, from Hyde Park and the adjacent streets, and from the elevated viewpoints of many central city buildings, the cathedral offers from within beautifully framed and precious vistas of the surrounding city. It is the largest nineteenth-century ecclesiastical building in the English archaeological Gothic style anywhere in the world. The refinement and scholarship of its composition and details are of the highest rank. Together with St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, St Mary's is the major ecclesiastical work of architect William Wardell, a Gothic Revival architect of international significance practising in Australia. The cathedral is a repository of many items of aesthetic significance from the stained glass windows to the altars, statues, vestments, liturgical objects, paintings and mosaics and is important as a venue for musical events and has a considerable role in the practice of bell ringing in Australia.

Paragraph 12: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 13: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 14: The mixed religious or secular music appears since the 16th century in Spanish and indigenous languages. Baroque music is imported from Spain but with European and African instruments (such as drums and congas) appears. The Spanish also introduce a wider musical scale than the indigenous pentatonic, and a melodic and poetic repertoire, transmitted by writings such as songbooks, common of it is the sung voice, common in the European baroque music, the mixed aesthetics are the fruit of diverse contributions indigenous, African and especially, Spanish and European. Instruments introduced by the Spanish are the chirimías, sackbuts, dulcians, orlos, bugles, violas, guitars, violins, harps, organs, etc., along with percussions (that can be indigenous or African), everything converges on music heard by everyone. The Dominican Diego Durán in 1570 writes, "All the peoples have parties, and therefore it is unthinkable to remove them (because it is impossible and because it is not convenient either)", himself parade like the natives with a bouquet of flowers at a Christian party that coincides with the celebration of Tezcatlipoca in Mexico. The Jesuits develop with great success a "pedagogy of theatricality", with this the Society of Jesus attracts the natives and blacks to the church, where children learn to play European instruments. In Quito (1609): "there were many dances of tall and small Indigenous, and there was no lack of Moscas Indigenous who danced in the manner of the New Kingdom [European] (...) and dances of Spaniards and blacks and other dances of the Indigenous must dance before the Blessed Sacrament and in front of the Virgin Mary and the saints at parties and Easter, if they don't do it then they are punished". The well-known Zambra mora was commonly danced by blacks, to the sound of castanets and drums. The Spanish Sarabande was danced by whites and blacks. Blacks also have their chiefs. In these local events, the brotherhoods of the Congos give rise to the Congadas (Brazil, Caribbean).

Paragraph 15: On 24 August 2021, the new BRIN temporary constitutional document, Presidential Decree No. 78/2021 signed as the replacement of Presidential Decree No. 33/2021 and published on 1 September 2021. Based on the new decree, BRIN Steering Committee and deputies overhauled and restructured, the Technical Implementing Organizations (now termed simply as Research Organizations) in BRIN expanded, and integration mechanism cleared. The new decree did not spare BATAN and LAPAN from disbandment, however, BATAN and LAPAN relinquished their power and rights granted by laws, Law No. 10/1997 (Nuclear Power) and Law No. 21/2013 (Law of Space) respectively, to the BRIN as sole inheritor. It also provide mechanisms to local and regional government to form BRIDA offices. In the old constituting document, BRIDA is solely formed by their respective local and regional government. In the new constituting document, BRIDA formation is jointly provided by local/regional government and BRIN, with BRIN providing consideration of the formation of BRIDA to the local government. The BRIDAs can be attached to the Local/Regional Government Research and Development Department, not too burdening to local/regional government as before. It also make clear between BRIN and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. BRIN inherited much of the former Ministry of Research and Technology, except some works and responsibilities that need to left to the Ministry of Education, Culture, Research, and Technology. The decree also reconfigure the office of the Steering Committee, from solely from BPIP steering committee members to become mixed between BPIP, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of National Development Planning, academicians, and professionals. The decree also uplifted status of BRIN to not only behaved just like common research and development agency which just only performing researches. The decree officially turned BRIN to has power and enjoyed status like ministerial office and become cabinet-level agency (termed as ). However, BRIN activities much controlled under supervision of BRIN Steering Committee directions, inputs, evaluations, approvals, or policy recommendations due to increased power of BRIN Steering Committee granted by the decree. The BRIN Steering Committee also had reserved rights to form Executive Assistance Task Forces to effectively assist BRIN executive under "special circumstances" if needed. BRIN also required to report its institutional performance biannually to the Steering Committee, and annually reported to the president. On 2 September 2021, acting executive officers of the Research Organizations inaugurated. With the inauguration of officers, LIPI, BPPT, LAPAN, and BATAN come to the end, but their integration process still on the way and pushed to one year after the enactment of Presidential Decree No.78/2021.

Paragraph 16: Channing her name affectionately shortened to "Jack," is the daughter of King Channing. Jack's mother died when the girl was born. King Channing desired a son when Jack arrived, he accordingly raised his daughter as a boy. At 16, she still continued to be dressed in boy's clothes. One day she met Bob Ridgeway, son of Channing's aristocratic neighbors. Shortly after King Channing died. His will bequeathed his fortune to Jack, to be held in trust, with her two maiden aunts as guardians of the girl, until she shall become of legal age or shall marry. Life with Jack's maiden aunts is almost unbearable. They decide that she be sent to boarding school, and for a time, in her new surroundings (being now properly dressed in girl's clothes), Jack is contented. But the restraint finally palls upon her, and she runs away from school. She finds board and lodging with a woman who has, as another paying guest, a girl who has just left a position in the office of Ridgeway and Son. Jack is advised to apply for the position. This she does and is given employment. The affairs of Ridgeway and Son have been going from bad to worse. They are nearly at the point of disaster, when matters take an unexpected turn. There is a valuable piece of mining property they can secure at a great bargain. Bob goes west, and secures from the owner of the property his promise to sell at a definite figure, but Bob cannot secure an option. The secrets of Ridgeway and Son have been "leaking" through the conduct of the chief clerk, who sells to a rival firm the information he cunningly contrives to secure. That Ridgeway and Son want to buy the copper property becomes known to their business rivals. The Ridgeways are lacking in funds. Jack has a plan, and proposes it to Bob. They shall marry and draw enough of Jack's fortune to pay for the property. The proposal is so daring that it fairly takes Bob's breath, but he has loved the girl from the day he met her in the woods, and she has likewise loved him. Bob and Jack marry, but when it comes to going west with the money to close the deal, the elder Ridgeway is so ill that Bob cannot leave him. So Jack makes the trip, beats the Ridgeways' rivals to the property, and secures the deed. When Jack returns home, the elder Ridgeway is restored to health, largely a result of Jack's cleverness in saving the firm from bankruptcy. The closing scene shows Jack moving in social life.

Paragraph 17: Balfour was keen on collections and education. He founded the Government Central Museum at Madras in 1850. He became the first officer in charge of the museum at Madras. By 1879 the museum was attracting 180,000 people each year and in 1886 as much as 230,000. Women visitors were encouraged on special days. He not only kept records of the visitors but also studied the response of visitors to exhibits. He noticed a marked increase in the number of visitors when a live specimen of a tiger cub and leopard was kept in the natural history section of the museum. This led him to propose a zoological garden and this led to the creation in 1856 of a small collection of animals in the People's Park which grew into the Madras Zoological Gardens. There was pressures to move the museum to the college premises but Balfour firmly believed that the museum needed to be "...open to all classes, and contains articles calculated to amuse and instruct all classes". Initially the museum displayed items of commercial value and focussed on economic geology and forestry. It later began to acquire items of archaeology and ethnology. He encouraged contributions to the museum stating that "every specimen that may be sent will be acceptable". Material could be sent free by post if marked for the museum and sent by "Banghy Dock". The Oriental and Screw Navigation Company permitted packages for the museum to be shipped free. Material flowed in at around 1000 items a month. He considered it inappropriate to charge an admission fee since the public was donating exhibits. In a letter to Oldfield of Roorkee College on 30 May 1854, Balfour wrote that "... if the Museum were limited in its objects, it would never be formed because the residents throughout the country, rendered, by the limiting, doubtful as to what would be acceptable, would refrain from sending anything and, If I attempted to be eclectic, I would lose all..." By 1853, the museum was overflowing with more than 19,830 artefacts, mostly received from the public. Balfour believed that purchase would be needed only in the case of exceptional artefacts. In 1866 he started the Bangalore Museum in the state of Mysore. He was a secretary to the Madras Central Committee for the Great Exhibition of 1851, the Paris Exhibitions of 1855 and 1868, the International Exhibition of London (1862) and the Vienna Exhibition (1872).

Paragraph 18: The cathedral is sited along a ridge running north–south on the eastern edge of the central area of the city and projects a dominating and inspiring presence, its roof and towers rising up above the neighbouring buildings and trees. The four arms of its plan establish axes that link it to the harbour and Woolloomooloo, to Hyde Park and to College and Macquarie Streets. The long English form of the building restates and reinforces these axes, powerfully weaving the cathedral into the urban fabric. As well as providing majestic vistas from the harbour and Potts Point, from Hyde Park and the adjacent streets, and from the elevated viewpoints of many central city buildings, the cathedral offers from within beautifully framed and precious vistas of the surrounding city. It is the largest nineteenth-century ecclesiastical building in the English archaeological Gothic style anywhere in the world. The refinement and scholarship of its composition and details are of the highest rank. Together with St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, St Mary's is the major ecclesiastical work of architect William Wardell, a Gothic Revival architect of international significance practising in Australia. The cathedral is a repository of many items of aesthetic significance from the stained glass windows to the altars, statues, vestments, liturgical objects, paintings and mosaics and is important as a venue for musical events and has a considerable role in the practice of bell ringing in Australia.

Paragraph 19: The Royal Rumble began with Mick Foley's persona Cactus Jack as #1, bringing trash cans to the ring. The second contestant was Terry Funk's alter-ego Chainsaw Charlie who ran to the ring wielding his chainsaw before Cactus hit him with a chair and the two engaged in a hardcore battle briefly interrupted by Tom Brandi who they both eliminated over the top rope. As The Rock entered, he was met with a trash can over the head, being bundled out of the ring under the bottom rope briefly. As the ring filled up Cactus Jack went to clothesline Charlie over the top rope but inadvertently threw himself over and eliminated himself. Owen Hart came out #9 but before he was able to enter the ring, NWA North American Champion Jeff Jarrett and ally Jim Cornette attacked him. Soon after, at #16, Mick Foley returned to the ring in his Mankind gimmick, returning the favour by eliminating Chainsaw Charlie while Ken Shamrock and The Rock resumed their feud from earlier. Jarrett officially came out at #18 and was soon joined in the ring by Owen Hart, who ran out from the back and eliminated Jarrett. Hart himself was soon distracted by the non-competing Triple H, who hit him with a crutch as Chyna yanked him out. When the clock counted down to #22, no contestant appeared with Jerry Lawler on commentary attributing the number to Stone Cold Steve Austin, who had reportedly been taken out backstage by Ken Shamrock. By #23, the Nation of Domination had four members (Rock, D'Lo Brown, Mark Henry and Kama Mustafa) in the ring although they seldom worked together. All fighting in the ring ceased when Austin's music played for #24 but, after a lengthy wait, Stone Cold appeared from behind and tossed out Marc Mero and 8-Ball. Savio Vega, who entered #26, was accompanied by the rest of Los Boricuas who went straight after Austin. Faarooq completed the Nation stable in the ring but went straight after teammate The Rock before Foley's third appearance as Dude Love. Soon only four men remained (Rock, Austin, Dude Love and Faarooq) and Austin and Dude Love, former tag team partners, teamed up against the Nation members, until Austin turned on Dude, allowing Faarooq to clothesline him out of the match. When Faarooq then turned to Austin, Rock tossed his teammate out of the ring leaving the former Intercontinental Champion against the current champion. The Rock survived almost being thrown out only to be stunnered and tossed out again.

Paragraph 20: The static concept of the bridge can be traced back to the 1986 sculpture by Calatrava entitled 'Running Torso', in which inclined stacked marble cubes are balanced by a tensioned wire.  The Alamillo Bridge consists of a single straight steel-shell tower, infilled with reinforced concrete and inclined backward, counterbalancing a 200 m span with thirteen pairs of cables. Since the weight of the tower is made to be sufficient to counter-balance the deck, back stays are thus not required, effectively substituting the weight of an inclined tower for one set of stay cables. In this way, a new type of cantilever spar cable-stayed bridge was conceived in 1987.

Paragraph 21: Narashimham an industrialist, is a chronic bachelor as he develops a hatred towards marriage. He behaves like a dictator in the office and his word is an ordinance to everyone. Balakrishna is his Assistant Manager, who gets his appreciation more than anyone because he is a hard worker as well as he too a bachelor. Balakrishna loves a beautiful girl Radha. He postpones their marriage until he gets a promotion. Unfortunately, due to the pressure of Radha's father Parvathalu, he secretly marries Radha in a temple. Parvathalu does not allow them to stay together until he gets the promotion. So, Balakrishna makes a plan and takes Radha to honeymoon in the name of a pilgrimage. In the office, he takes leave by lying that his grandmother expired. During their journey, unexpectedly, their vehicle come to repair. So, that night unknowingly they stay at their office guest house. Next day, Narasimham visits the same guest house on office work. He sees Radha alone in the guest house. When he questions her, she bluffs that she came on the interview and she has to stay there for a night. But Narasimham does not believe that and thinks that she has eloped from the house towards her love interest. With the help of guest house watchman Lingaiah and his wife Kanakamma, Balakrishna somehow manages the situation and hides in their quarters. Narasimham offers a job for Radha and appoints her as his personal secretary. After that, Balakrishna makes various plans to set Radha free from Narasimham, but fails. Seeing this, Radha blames Narasimham that he is doing all these things because of some bad intention. Narasimham slaps Radha and reveals his past. He used to have a niece who has been trapped and cheated by a rogue in the name of love, for which she committed suicide. That's why he gets affectionate towards Radha and takes care of her. Radha also gets emotionally closer towards him. She says to Balakrishna that it is better to reveal the truth and Narasimham will understand them. But when Radha learns that Narasimham hates liars, she becomes frightened. So, both of them escape from that place, Narasimham gives a police complaint and also announces a reward for people who find Radha. The police and public are behind them. At last, they are caught by police and presented before Narasimham. Finally, Balakrishna accepts his mistake, resigns to his job and asks for pardon. Narasimham rejects it, gives him the promotion and makes a big laugh.

Paragraph 22: The cathedral is sited along a ridge running north–south on the eastern edge of the central area of the city and projects a dominating and inspiring presence, its roof and towers rising up above the neighbouring buildings and trees. The four arms of its plan establish axes that link it to the harbour and Woolloomooloo, to Hyde Park and to College and Macquarie Streets. The long English form of the building restates and reinforces these axes, powerfully weaving the cathedral into the urban fabric. As well as providing majestic vistas from the harbour and Potts Point, from Hyde Park and the adjacent streets, and from the elevated viewpoints of many central city buildings, the cathedral offers from within beautifully framed and precious vistas of the surrounding city. It is the largest nineteenth-century ecclesiastical building in the English archaeological Gothic style anywhere in the world. The refinement and scholarship of its composition and details are of the highest rank. Together with St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, St Mary's is the major ecclesiastical work of architect William Wardell, a Gothic Revival architect of international significance practising in Australia. The cathedral is a repository of many items of aesthetic significance from the stained glass windows to the altars, statues, vestments, liturgical objects, paintings and mosaics and is important as a venue for musical events and has a considerable role in the practice of bell ringing in Australia.

Paragraph 23: Narashimham an industrialist, is a chronic bachelor as he develops a hatred towards marriage. He behaves like a dictator in the office and his word is an ordinance to everyone. Balakrishna is his Assistant Manager, who gets his appreciation more than anyone because he is a hard worker as well as he too a bachelor. Balakrishna loves a beautiful girl Radha. He postpones their marriage until he gets a promotion. Unfortunately, due to the pressure of Radha's father Parvathalu, he secretly marries Radha in a temple. Parvathalu does not allow them to stay together until he gets the promotion. So, Balakrishna makes a plan and takes Radha to honeymoon in the name of a pilgrimage. In the office, he takes leave by lying that his grandmother expired. During their journey, unexpectedly, their vehicle come to repair. So, that night unknowingly they stay at their office guest house. Next day, Narasimham visits the same guest house on office work. He sees Radha alone in the guest house. When he questions her, she bluffs that she came on the interview and she has to stay there for a night. But Narasimham does not believe that and thinks that she has eloped from the house towards her love interest. With the help of guest house watchman Lingaiah and his wife Kanakamma, Balakrishna somehow manages the situation and hides in their quarters. Narasimham offers a job for Radha and appoints her as his personal secretary. After that, Balakrishna makes various plans to set Radha free from Narasimham, but fails. Seeing this, Radha blames Narasimham that he is doing all these things because of some bad intention. Narasimham slaps Radha and reveals his past. He used to have a niece who has been trapped and cheated by a rogue in the name of love, for which she committed suicide. That's why he gets affectionate towards Radha and takes care of her. Radha also gets emotionally closer towards him. She says to Balakrishna that it is better to reveal the truth and Narasimham will understand them. But when Radha learns that Narasimham hates liars, she becomes frightened. So, both of them escape from that place, Narasimham gives a police complaint and also announces a reward for people who find Radha. The police and public are behind them. At last, they are caught by police and presented before Narasimham. Finally, Balakrishna accepts his mistake, resigns to his job and asks for pardon. Narasimham rejects it, gives him the promotion and makes a big laugh.

Paragraph 24: The Royal Rumble began with Mick Foley's persona Cactus Jack as #1, bringing trash cans to the ring. The second contestant was Terry Funk's alter-ego Chainsaw Charlie who ran to the ring wielding his chainsaw before Cactus hit him with a chair and the two engaged in a hardcore battle briefly interrupted by Tom Brandi who they both eliminated over the top rope. As The Rock entered, he was met with a trash can over the head, being bundled out of the ring under the bottom rope briefly. As the ring filled up Cactus Jack went to clothesline Charlie over the top rope but inadvertently threw himself over and eliminated himself. Owen Hart came out #9 but before he was able to enter the ring, NWA North American Champion Jeff Jarrett and ally Jim Cornette attacked him. Soon after, at #16, Mick Foley returned to the ring in his Mankind gimmick, returning the favour by eliminating Chainsaw Charlie while Ken Shamrock and The Rock resumed their feud from earlier. Jarrett officially came out at #18 and was soon joined in the ring by Owen Hart, who ran out from the back and eliminated Jarrett. Hart himself was soon distracted by the non-competing Triple H, who hit him with a crutch as Chyna yanked him out. When the clock counted down to #22, no contestant appeared with Jerry Lawler on commentary attributing the number to Stone Cold Steve Austin, who had reportedly been taken out backstage by Ken Shamrock. By #23, the Nation of Domination had four members (Rock, D'Lo Brown, Mark Henry and Kama Mustafa) in the ring although they seldom worked together. All fighting in the ring ceased when Austin's music played for #24 but, after a lengthy wait, Stone Cold appeared from behind and tossed out Marc Mero and 8-Ball. Savio Vega, who entered #26, was accompanied by the rest of Los Boricuas who went straight after Austin. Faarooq completed the Nation stable in the ring but went straight after teammate The Rock before Foley's third appearance as Dude Love. Soon only four men remained (Rock, Austin, Dude Love and Faarooq) and Austin and Dude Love, former tag team partners, teamed up against the Nation members, until Austin turned on Dude, allowing Faarooq to clothesline him out of the match. When Faarooq then turned to Austin, Rock tossed his teammate out of the ring leaving the former Intercontinental Champion against the current champion. The Rock survived almost being thrown out only to be stunnered and tossed out again.

Paragraph 25: Balfour was keen on collections and education. He founded the Government Central Museum at Madras in 1850. He became the first officer in charge of the museum at Madras. By 1879 the museum was attracting 180,000 people each year and in 1886 as much as 230,000. Women visitors were encouraged on special days. He not only kept records of the visitors but also studied the response of visitors to exhibits. He noticed a marked increase in the number of visitors when a live specimen of a tiger cub and leopard was kept in the natural history section of the museum. This led him to propose a zoological garden and this led to the creation in 1856 of a small collection of animals in the People's Park which grew into the Madras Zoological Gardens. There was pressures to move the museum to the college premises but Balfour firmly believed that the museum needed to be "...open to all classes, and contains articles calculated to amuse and instruct all classes". Initially the museum displayed items of commercial value and focussed on economic geology and forestry. It later began to acquire items of archaeology and ethnology. He encouraged contributions to the museum stating that "every specimen that may be sent will be acceptable". Material could be sent free by post if marked for the museum and sent by "Banghy Dock". The Oriental and Screw Navigation Company permitted packages for the museum to be shipped free. Material flowed in at around 1000 items a month. He considered it inappropriate to charge an admission fee since the public was donating exhibits. In a letter to Oldfield of Roorkee College on 30 May 1854, Balfour wrote that "... if the Museum were limited in its objects, it would never be formed because the residents throughout the country, rendered, by the limiting, doubtful as to what would be acceptable, would refrain from sending anything and, If I attempted to be eclectic, I would lose all..." By 1853, the museum was overflowing with more than 19,830 artefacts, mostly received from the public. Balfour believed that purchase would be needed only in the case of exceptional artefacts. In 1866 he started the Bangalore Museum in the state of Mysore. He was a secretary to the Madras Central Committee for the Great Exhibition of 1851, the Paris Exhibitions of 1855 and 1868, the International Exhibition of London (1862) and the Vienna Exhibition (1872).

Paragraph 26: The cathedral is sited along a ridge running north–south on the eastern edge of the central area of the city and projects a dominating and inspiring presence, its roof and towers rising up above the neighbouring buildings and trees. The four arms of its plan establish axes that link it to the harbour and Woolloomooloo, to Hyde Park and to College and Macquarie Streets. The long English form of the building restates and reinforces these axes, powerfully weaving the cathedral into the urban fabric. As well as providing majestic vistas from the harbour and Potts Point, from Hyde Park and the adjacent streets, and from the elevated viewpoints of many central city buildings, the cathedral offers from within beautifully framed and precious vistas of the surrounding city. It is the largest nineteenth-century ecclesiastical building in the English archaeological Gothic style anywhere in the world. The refinement and scholarship of its composition and details are of the highest rank. Together with St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, St Mary's is the major ecclesiastical work of architect William Wardell, a Gothic Revival architect of international significance practising in Australia. The cathedral is a repository of many items of aesthetic significance from the stained glass windows to the altars, statues, vestments, liturgical objects, paintings and mosaics and is important as a venue for musical events and has a considerable role in the practice of bell ringing in Australia.