Paragraph 1: Bucket orchids are an excellent example of coevolution and mutualism, as the orchids have evolved along with orchid bees (the tribe Euglossini of the family Apidae) and both depend on each other for reproduction. One to three flowers are borne on a pendant stem that comes from the base of the pseudobulbs. The flower secretes a fluid (see Coryanthes alborosea picture) into the flower lip, which is shaped like a bucket. The male orchid bees (not the females) are attracted to the flower by a strong scent from aromatic oils, which they store in specialized spongy pouches inside their swollen hind legs, as they appear to use the scent in their courtship dances in order to attract females. The bees, trying to get the waxy substance containing the scent, sometimes fall to the fluid-filled bucket. As they are trying to escape, they find that there are some small knobs on which they can climb on, while the rest of the lip is lined with smooth, downward-pointing hairs, upon which their claws cannot find a grip. The knobs lead to a spout (see the Coryanthes leucocorys picture), but as the bee is trying to escape, the spout constricts. At that same moment, the small packets containing the pollen of the orchid get pressed against the thorax of the bee. However, the glue on the pollen packets does not set immediately, so the orchid keeps the bee trapped until the glue has set. Once the glue has set, the bee is let free and he can now dry his wings and fly off. His ordeal may have taken as long as forty-five minutes. Hopefully for the orchid, the bee will go to another Coryanthes flower, where, if the flower is to be successful at reproducing, the bee, displaying more enthusiasm than wisdom,  falls once again into the bucket of another flower of  the same species. This time the pollen packets get stuck to the stigma as the bee is escaping, and after a while the orchid will produce a seed pod.  These flowers are among the largest in the Orchid Family.  According to Kupper and Linsenmaier some species can be up to twelve inches (30 centimeters) wide and 6.5 inches (16 centimeters) top to bottom.   C. bruchmuelleri is generally regarded as the largest species, as even the unopened buds can be 4.6 inches (11.7 centimeters long by 3 inches (8 cm) in width.   

Paragraph 2: The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations The Best of Both Worlds (1997) and The Best of Marillion (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras. Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk on Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy". This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004. In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from Holidays in Eden, was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).

Paragraph 3: In 1928, Hall starred on Broadway with Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Tim Moore and Aida Ward in Blackbirds of 1928. The show became the most successful all-black show ever staged on Broadway at that time and made Hall and Bojangles into household names. Blackbirds of 1928 was the idea of impresario Lew Leslie, who planned to build the show around Florence Mills in New York after her success in the hit London show Blackbirds but Mills died of pneumonia in 1927 before rehearsals commenced. Hall was chosen to replace her. The revue opened at Les Ambassadeurs Club in New York in January 1928, under the name Blackbird Revue, but it was renamed Blackbirds of 1928 and in May 1928 transferred to Broadway's Liberty Theatre, where it ran for 518 performances. After a slow start, the show became the hit of the season. Hall's performance of "Diga Diga Do", created a sensation. Her mother was so incensed when she went to see the show by her daughter performing what she termed 'risqué dance moves', she tried to stop the show during Hall's performance and banned her from appearing in any future performances. The ban only remained for one performance, and Hall returned triumphantly to her role the following day. It was reported in the press of the day that the show's producer Lew Leslie was so concerned about race violence connected with the controversy surrounding Hall's performance that he took out a hefty insurance policy to cover the cast; the most heavily insured were the principals, Hall and "Bojangles" Robinson. It was this musical that not only secured Hall's success in the USA but also in Europe when the production was taken in 1929 to Paris, France, where it ran for four months at the Moulin Rouge. When Adelaide Hall arrived in Paris from America at the Gare Saint-Lazare she was greeted by a reception of fans and reporters that was reported to be as large as the reception Charlie Chaplin had received two years earlier when he visited Paris. The French artist Paul Colin illustrated several posters to advertise Blackbirds run at the Moulin Rouge including one entitled "Le Tumulte Noir – Dancer in Magenta" that captures Hall's performance beautifully, as she is dancing and waving her arms about. An original vintage poster of Hall by Paul Colin advertising Blackbirds at the Moulin Rouge sold on 2 October 2003 at Swann Auction Galleries in New York for $167,500. In Europe, Hall rivalled Josephine Baker for popularity on the European stage.

Paragraph 4: ON TV ran third in the Metroplex's subscription television wars. By June 1982, the general zenith of STV nationally, VEU had 42,000 subscribers, Preview 30,000, and ON TV 24,800. Of the eight ON TV-branded services nationally, the Dallas–Fort Worth market was the second-smallest behind the newer franchise serving Salem and Portland, Oregon, and of those owned by Oak, it also had the worst relationship between station and STV franchise. Milton Grant, who had joined the Shlenker group and became intimately involved in operations, built up channel 21 as an aggressive independent in program purchasing. When ON TV launched in the Metroplex, as in other cities and with other STV services, it broadcast late-night adult programming as an add-on to the subscription. In 1982, KTXA—already unwilling to cede more hours to subscription broadcasting—and Oak entered into a dispute over these broadcasts, which the station felt were indecent, and KTXA won in a court fight to uphold its right to cancel ON TV programs to which it objected. ON TV characterized the legal battle as an attempt to prevent the subscription service from continuing with plans to lengthen its programming hours. This was followed in February 1983 by the station pulling such adult films as The Pleasure Palace, New Day in Eden, and Portrait of a Seduction from the schedule. KTXA's development as a station outside of ON TV had also been robust. At KTXA, Grant minted a reputation for being extremely promotion-oriented. In contrast to the other two hybrid startups in the Metroplex that "merely appeared", Ed Bark of The Dallas Morning News wrote that channel 21 had "burst into living rooms like a world-champion encyclopedia salesman", with nearly ubiquitous billboards, high-profile programming, and an emphasis on weekend movies.

Paragraph 5: Quintero grew up in a town named Coyotitán. Before José planned to be a music artist, he wanted to play baseball professionally. Which made him travel to Mazatlán, Mexico. The capital of the big star sinaloense bands, this is where he slowly began to get the nickname El Coyote. In 1989, El Coyote debuted in La Original Banda El Limón de Salvador Lizárraga, leaving aside his baseball dreams for a moment. Music became his priority, and when he turned 19 years old he would become part of the first generation of Banda vocalists. Making his own style and texture of music which came natural with his voice. El Coyote was also a part of Banda la Costeña de Ramón López Alvarado, La Original Banda El Limón, and Banda Los Recoditos. He recorded various albums as vocalist with these groups; In 1997, El Coyote recorded an album with Los Recoditos that was not released at the time. Before starting his solo career, he had recorded the album "Me lo contaron ayer" with La Original Banda El Limón, released in 1997. The album recorded with Banda Los Recoditos for Musart, was released in 2004 as "Mis corridos escondidos". Banda Los Recoditos had re-recorded the same songs with another vocalist and released it in 1997 in an album titled "El Nylon". Finally, in December 1997, Jose Angel debuts in his first solo album "Aquí me quedaré" with EMI.

Paragraph 6: Thus, both East and West conceive of human union with God but explain it in significantly different ways. These matters are subtle and difficult, and the technically precise distinctions might not always have immediate practical consequences. That is to say, the religions of the East and the West have served and, for the most part, continue to serve their adherents well. However, the unavoidable pluralism of twenty-first-century globalization demands that at some level a spiritual consensus be forged. This is the theme of Helminiak's Spirituality for Our Global Community. This enterprise calls for the precision of a science. Then the above named distinctions become crucial. Only an epistemology or philosophy of science adequate to spiritual reality could manage the subtleties—a main theme in Brain, Consciousness, and God. Many believe that Lonergan has finally provided the requisite epistemology, and Helminiak uses it both to differentiate the human and the divine within spirituality and to inter-relate them. That is, he inter-relates psychology, spirituality, and theology and thus presents a logically coherent and comprehensive understanding of spirituality. It requires no appeal to paradox as, for example, Ken Wilber adamantly does in his "perennial philosophy" and "Integral Studies." Helminiak's elaboration of the human core of spirituality becomes the lynchpin of the overall interdisciplinary, scientific project.

Paragraph 7: James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained his first two degrees. His international reputation as a composer developed from his early career as a programme maker at the BBC, during which he produced many award-winning programmes and developed a style known for its direct connection with audiences. His close association with the BBC Philharmonic resulted in three large-scale commissions for voices and orchestra. His "Son of God Mass" has had many performances worldwide, especially in the US and Europe. In 2005, The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra with the Choir of Clare College Cambridge, under Leonard Slatkin, premiered his largest choral work Annelies, a setting of the Diary of Anne Frank, at London's Cadogan Hall to wide critical acclaim. The work was later re-scored in an alternative chamber version which was premiered in The Netherlands on Anne Frank's 80th birthday by the British violinist Daniel Hope and the American soprano Arianna Zukerman. He wrote a number of works for the late British tenor Robert Tear, with whom he also collaborated as librettist, including a festal setting of the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis for King's College, Cambridge, a cantata for the St Endellion Festival and three Christmas carols. Other major works include the choral work Luminosity, scored for choir, viola, organ, tanpura and percussion and The Seven Heavens for choir and orchestra, which portrays the life of C.S.Lewis in the imagery of the medieval planets. The Seven Heavens was premiered at the Ulster Hall with the Belfast Philharmonic and the Ulster Orchestra. Since 2006 his compositions have been performed in several major concerts devoted to his music at Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey with whom he continues to have a close association. In 2010 the Oxford-based chamber choir Commotio released a disc of his choral music on the Naxos label, Luminosity, which attracted much attention especially in the USA. In 2011, The Williamson Voices released the second Naxos choral disc, Living Voices with the Saxophonist Jeremy Powell, and Organist Ken Cowan under conductor James Jordan. 2013 saw the release on Naxos of Annelies, with Arianna Zukerman, The Lincoln Trio, Bharat Chandra and the Westminster Williamson Voices under James Jordan. Television credits include music for the BBC's coverage of the Queen Mother's funeral, and major BBC series Son of God. Among many international awards and achievements, he has earned three GRAMMY nominations (including Best Choral Performance for Annelies) and a Royal Television Society Award. He is Senior Research Fellow of St. Stephen's House, University of Oxford, and is a member of Oxford's Faculty of Music. In April 2020, he was appointed Director of Music at St Edmund Hall, Oxford.

Paragraph 8: 1913 was also the year in which Spaini launched himself on a parallel career as a professional translator from German into Italian.   The selected work was Goethe's very substantial second novel, known in English as "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship".   Two translators are credited jointly:  Alberto Spaini and his future wife Rosina Pisaneschi.   Fir the Italian language version Goethe's eight volumes were adapted into two volumes, each comprising more than 1,000 pages.   In a self-portrait piece, written half a lifetime later, Spaini would marvel at the "serenity of youth" he had displayed, aged just 20 and then 21, sailing into the project with very little appreciation of the scale of the task.   The appearance of the first Italian language volume was quickly followed by a lengthy article from Spaini himself, appearing in La Voce, entitled "La modernità di Goethe" (loosely, "Goethe's modernity").   The translation marked not just a turning point in the translator's career, but also in the history of German literature in Italy.   Its appearance provided the occasion for a major controversy on the translation into Italian of foreign language novels.   Spaini lined up with the brilliant young scholar of Germanistics from Milan, Lavinia Mazzucchetti, whose own reputation among scholars had recently been greatly elevated by publication of her book "Schiller in Italia".   The target of their indignation was an aging librarian and authority of Slavic culture called Domenico Ciampoli who had recently republished an old translation of the same Goethe novel.   The version promoted by Ciampoli came not from Goethe's text, but from an "intermediate" French translation of it, "filled with cuts and manipulations".   For Spaini and  Mazzucchetti, Ciampoli had compounded his error by attributing the old translation, incorrectly, to Giovanni Berchet.   During the nineteenth century, with French widely regarded as the only universal language across much of Europe and beyond, it had not been uncommon for Italian publishers to sell foreign language books translated into Italian via an intermediate French language version rather from the original language text, but by the end of the nineteenth century, following major advances in relevant communications technologies, the practice was increasingly frowned upon.   In the aftermath of the literary attacks on Ciampoli's application of it to an important work by Goethe himself, the use of an intermediate language for translations into Italian - at least when the original text had been printed in German - was no longer considered acceptable.

Paragraph 9: In 1992 Gray, with the rank of major, opened a sluice gate on top of the Peruća dam in Croatia shortly before the occupying Serbs detonated explosives, protected by land mines and booby traps, deep inside it. This action did not become known publicly until described to the Science Festival in 1995 by engineering Professor Paul Back from Oxford University. He described how Serbian militia had expelled UN observers from the 65-metre-high dam in January 1993, and set off huge explosives in a maintenance gallery that ran the dam's length at foundation level. "This was an attempt to use the 540 million cubic metres of stored water as a weapon of mass destruction to the downstream land and population, " said Professor Back. "Some 20,000 people would have been drowned or rendered homeless had the dam failed as intended. " Severe damage was caused to three points in the dam corresponding to where the saboteurs had placed their explosives. In the central section alone it was estimated that 15 tons of explosive material had been used. At each of these three points the top of the dam, made of rock fill with a clay core, sagged by two metres, said Professor Back, who was a member of a British team despatched by the Overseas Development Administration to inspect it and advise on repairs after the Croatians reoccupied it. "During the tenure of the UN observers, but while the dam was in Serb hands, Gray had visited the site and observed that the Serbs were holding the water level well above the correct full supply level, " he said. "On his own initiative, and exceeding his authority, he opened the surface spillway gate sufficiently to slowly reduce the water level. He managed to lower the water level by some metres by the time the attempt to destroy the dam took place. Had he not been able to reduce the level, there is no doubt that the dam would have failed as water would have poured over the slumped crest after the explosions." As it was, Professor Back said it was only a miracle that the dam had not failed. With fighting continuing in the surrounding hills, engineers had to race against time before the ongoing erosion of the dam's clay core caused a blow-through and total collapse. Professor Back said he learned later that Major Gray could have been disciplined for exceeding his authority. "I wrote to the Ministry of Defence and told him he should be given a medal instead." Items of Gray's UN equipment are on display at the Royal Marines Museum.

Paragraph 10: Five games into the 2010–11 season, he suffered a bruised foot while blocking a shot during a contest against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 17, 2010. The injury caused him to miss eight games. After returning to the line-up, he scored his first goal as a Canuck – an empty-netter in the final minute of a 5–3 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on November 13. Later in the season, Hamhuis suffered a concussion during a game against the Anaheim Ducks on February 9, 2011. After making a pass from behind his net, he received a bodycheck from opposing forward Ryan Getzlaf, causing him to hit his head on the boards. He lay motionless on the ice for several minutes before being helped to the Canucks' dressing room. While no penalty was called on the play, Hamhuis' teammates described the hit as a dirty play on Getzlaf's part after the game. Conversely, Canucks head coach Alain Vigneault told media it was a "good hit by a big player" and that Hamhuis "was watching his pass and should have been trying to protect himself." Speaking publicly of the injury for the first time 10 days later, Hamhuis said he did not deem the hit "dirty", but "unnecessary", given the "puck was...off [his] stick" and he was in a "vulnerable position". After returning to the line-up, he registered his first two-goal NHL game, including the overtime-winner, in a 4–3 win against the Phoenix Coyotes. Finishing the regular season with 6 goals and 23 points over 64 games, he helped the Canucks to the best record in the NHL, earning them the franchise's first ever Presidents' Trophy. He ranked third on the team in plus-minus (+29) and average ice time per game (22 minutes and 40 seconds). Entering the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West, the Canucks eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks, Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks en route to the Stanley Cup Finals. During Game 1 of the series against the Boston Bruins, Hamhuis suffered a sports hernia, as well as groin and lower abdomen injuries, resulting from a hip check he delivered to opposing forward Milan Lucic; he was sidelined for the remainder of the Finals. Prior to his injury, Hamhuis played a significant role in the team's playoff run, forming a shutdown defensive pairing with Kevin Bieksa. The two led Vancouver in average ice time per game throughout the playoffs. It was revealed following the Canucks' Game 7 defeat to the Bruins that Hamhuis required off-season surgery.

Paragraph 11: In 1928, Hall starred on Broadway with Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Tim Moore and Aida Ward in Blackbirds of 1928. The show became the most successful all-black show ever staged on Broadway at that time and made Hall and Bojangles into household names. Blackbirds of 1928 was the idea of impresario Lew Leslie, who planned to build the show around Florence Mills in New York after her success in the hit London show Blackbirds but Mills died of pneumonia in 1927 before rehearsals commenced. Hall was chosen to replace her. The revue opened at Les Ambassadeurs Club in New York in January 1928, under the name Blackbird Revue, but it was renamed Blackbirds of 1928 and in May 1928 transferred to Broadway's Liberty Theatre, where it ran for 518 performances. After a slow start, the show became the hit of the season. Hall's performance of "Diga Diga Do", created a sensation. Her mother was so incensed when she went to see the show by her daughter performing what she termed 'risqué dance moves', she tried to stop the show during Hall's performance and banned her from appearing in any future performances. The ban only remained for one performance, and Hall returned triumphantly to her role the following day. It was reported in the press of the day that the show's producer Lew Leslie was so concerned about race violence connected with the controversy surrounding Hall's performance that he took out a hefty insurance policy to cover the cast; the most heavily insured were the principals, Hall and "Bojangles" Robinson. It was this musical that not only secured Hall's success in the USA but also in Europe when the production was taken in 1929 to Paris, France, where it ran for four months at the Moulin Rouge. When Adelaide Hall arrived in Paris from America at the Gare Saint-Lazare she was greeted by a reception of fans and reporters that was reported to be as large as the reception Charlie Chaplin had received two years earlier when he visited Paris. The French artist Paul Colin illustrated several posters to advertise Blackbirds run at the Moulin Rouge including one entitled "Le Tumulte Noir – Dancer in Magenta" that captures Hall's performance beautifully, as she is dancing and waving her arms about. An original vintage poster of Hall by Paul Colin advertising Blackbirds at the Moulin Rouge sold on 2 October 2003 at Swann Auction Galleries in New York for $167,500. In Europe, Hall rivalled Josephine Baker for popularity on the European stage.

Paragraph 12: James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained his first two degrees. His international reputation as a composer developed from his early career as a programme maker at the BBC, during which he produced many award-winning programmes and developed a style known for its direct connection with audiences. His close association with the BBC Philharmonic resulted in three large-scale commissions for voices and orchestra. His "Son of God Mass" has had many performances worldwide, especially in the US and Europe. In 2005, The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra with the Choir of Clare College Cambridge, under Leonard Slatkin, premiered his largest choral work Annelies, a setting of the Diary of Anne Frank, at London's Cadogan Hall to wide critical acclaim. The work was later re-scored in an alternative chamber version which was premiered in The Netherlands on Anne Frank's 80th birthday by the British violinist Daniel Hope and the American soprano Arianna Zukerman. He wrote a number of works for the late British tenor Robert Tear, with whom he also collaborated as librettist, including a festal setting of the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis for King's College, Cambridge, a cantata for the St Endellion Festival and three Christmas carols. Other major works include the choral work Luminosity, scored for choir, viola, organ, tanpura and percussion and The Seven Heavens for choir and orchestra, which portrays the life of C.S.Lewis in the imagery of the medieval planets. The Seven Heavens was premiered at the Ulster Hall with the Belfast Philharmonic and the Ulster Orchestra. Since 2006 his compositions have been performed in several major concerts devoted to his music at Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey with whom he continues to have a close association. In 2010 the Oxford-based chamber choir Commotio released a disc of his choral music on the Naxos label, Luminosity, which attracted much attention especially in the USA. In 2011, The Williamson Voices released the second Naxos choral disc, Living Voices with the Saxophonist Jeremy Powell, and Organist Ken Cowan under conductor James Jordan. 2013 saw the release on Naxos of Annelies, with Arianna Zukerman, The Lincoln Trio, Bharat Chandra and the Westminster Williamson Voices under James Jordan. Television credits include music for the BBC's coverage of the Queen Mother's funeral, and major BBC series Son of God. Among many international awards and achievements, he has earned three GRAMMY nominations (including Best Choral Performance for Annelies) and a Royal Television Society Award. He is Senior Research Fellow of St. Stephen's House, University of Oxford, and is a member of Oxford's Faculty of Music. In April 2020, he was appointed Director of Music at St Edmund Hall, Oxford.

Paragraph 13: Upper Clinton Hill is predominantly residential, with many of the homes also being the offices of professionals. Most retail activity along Clinton and Hawthorne Avenues is in the form of neighborhood-oriented convenience-type stores. Residents can patronize a shopping center on Chancellor Avenue near the Irvington border or one on nearby Springfield Ave.  Nearest to the commercial streets, the housing is largely two- and three-family conversions, while the interior streets include many large, well-maintained single-family houses. To the south, near I-78, are several vacant and abandoned properties. There is some light industry in the southeastern part of the neighborhood.   Hawthorne Hill is the southwest section of Upper Clinton Hill.  The Hawthorne Hill/Upper Clinton Hill neighborhoods are served by the Newark Public Library's Madison branch.

Paragraph 14: A treaty of alliance was established between Jerusalem and the Venetians prior to the beginning of the siege of Tyre in February 1124 (the city capitulated to the crusaders later that year). The treaty was negotiated by Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem, and thus it is known as the  ( being the Latin form of his name). Earlier treaties had been negotiated between Jerusalem and the Venetians and other Italian city-states, and the Venetians themselves had been granted privileges in 1100 and 1110 in return for military assistance, but this treaty was far more extensive. The  granted the Venetians their own church, street, square, baths, market, scales, mill, and oven in every city controlled by the King of Jerusalem, except in Jerusalem itself, where their autonomy was more limited. In the other cities, they were permitted to use their own Venetian scales to conduct business and trade when trading with other Venetians, but otherwise they were to use the scales and prices established by the King. In Acre, they were granted a quarter of the city, where every Venetian "may be as free as in Venice itself." In Tyre and Ascalon (though neither had yet been captured), they were granted one-third of the city and one-third of the surrounding countryside, possibly as many as 21 villages in the case of Tyre. These privileges were entirely free from taxation, but Venetian ships would be taxed if they were carrying pilgrims, and in this case the King would personally be entitled to one-third of the tax. For their help in the siege of Tyre, the Venetians were entitled to 300 "Saracen besants" per year from the revenue of that city. They were permitted to use their own laws in civil suits between Venetians or in cases in which a Venetian was the defendant, but if a Venetian was the plaintiff the matter would be decided in the courts of the Kingdom. If a Venetian was shipwrecked or died in the kingdom, his property would be sent back to Venice rather than being confiscated by the King. Anyone living in the Venetian quarter in Acre or the Venetian districts in other cities would be subject to Venetian law.

Paragraph 15: In 1928, Hall starred on Broadway with Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Tim Moore and Aida Ward in Blackbirds of 1928. The show became the most successful all-black show ever staged on Broadway at that time and made Hall and Bojangles into household names. Blackbirds of 1928 was the idea of impresario Lew Leslie, who planned to build the show around Florence Mills in New York after her success in the hit London show Blackbirds but Mills died of pneumonia in 1927 before rehearsals commenced. Hall was chosen to replace her. The revue opened at Les Ambassadeurs Club in New York in January 1928, under the name Blackbird Revue, but it was renamed Blackbirds of 1928 and in May 1928 transferred to Broadway's Liberty Theatre, where it ran for 518 performances. After a slow start, the show became the hit of the season. Hall's performance of "Diga Diga Do", created a sensation. Her mother was so incensed when she went to see the show by her daughter performing what she termed 'risqué dance moves', she tried to stop the show during Hall's performance and banned her from appearing in any future performances. The ban only remained for one performance, and Hall returned triumphantly to her role the following day. It was reported in the press of the day that the show's producer Lew Leslie was so concerned about race violence connected with the controversy surrounding Hall's performance that he took out a hefty insurance policy to cover the cast; the most heavily insured were the principals, Hall and "Bojangles" Robinson. It was this musical that not only secured Hall's success in the USA but also in Europe when the production was taken in 1929 to Paris, France, where it ran for four months at the Moulin Rouge. When Adelaide Hall arrived in Paris from America at the Gare Saint-Lazare she was greeted by a reception of fans and reporters that was reported to be as large as the reception Charlie Chaplin had received two years earlier when he visited Paris. The French artist Paul Colin illustrated several posters to advertise Blackbirds run at the Moulin Rouge including one entitled "Le Tumulte Noir – Dancer in Magenta" that captures Hall's performance beautifully, as she is dancing and waving her arms about. An original vintage poster of Hall by Paul Colin advertising Blackbirds at the Moulin Rouge sold on 2 October 2003 at Swann Auction Galleries in New York for $167,500. In Europe, Hall rivalled Josephine Baker for popularity on the European stage.

Paragraph 16: Upper Clinton Hill is predominantly residential, with many of the homes also being the offices of professionals. Most retail activity along Clinton and Hawthorne Avenues is in the form of neighborhood-oriented convenience-type stores. Residents can patronize a shopping center on Chancellor Avenue near the Irvington border or one on nearby Springfield Ave.  Nearest to the commercial streets, the housing is largely two- and three-family conversions, while the interior streets include many large, well-maintained single-family houses. To the south, near I-78, are several vacant and abandoned properties. There is some light industry in the southeastern part of the neighborhood.   Hawthorne Hill is the southwest section of Upper Clinton Hill.  The Hawthorne Hill/Upper Clinton Hill neighborhoods are served by the Newark Public Library's Madison branch.

Paragraph 17: Thus, both East and West conceive of human union with God but explain it in significantly different ways. These matters are subtle and difficult, and the technically precise distinctions might not always have immediate practical consequences. That is to say, the religions of the East and the West have served and, for the most part, continue to serve their adherents well. However, the unavoidable pluralism of twenty-first-century globalization demands that at some level a spiritual consensus be forged. This is the theme of Helminiak's Spirituality for Our Global Community. This enterprise calls for the precision of a science. Then the above named distinctions become crucial. Only an epistemology or philosophy of science adequate to spiritual reality could manage the subtleties—a main theme in Brain, Consciousness, and God. Many believe that Lonergan has finally provided the requisite epistemology, and Helminiak uses it both to differentiate the human and the divine within spirituality and to inter-relate them. That is, he inter-relates psychology, spirituality, and theology and thus presents a logically coherent and comprehensive understanding of spirituality. It requires no appeal to paradox as, for example, Ken Wilber adamantly does in his "perennial philosophy" and "Integral Studies." Helminiak's elaboration of the human core of spirituality becomes the lynchpin of the overall interdisciplinary, scientific project.

Paragraph 18: The Andrews Sisters also seem to have given little thought to the meaning of the lyrics. According to Patty Andrews, "We had a recording date, and the song was brought to us the night before the recording date. We hardly really knew it, and when we went in we had some extra time and we just threw it in, and that was the miracle of it. It was actually a faked arrangement. There was no written background, so we just kind of faked it." In under ten minutes they made a record that sold seven million units and sat at number one on the Billboard magazine chart for seven weeks. Maxine Andrews recalled, "The rhythm was what attracted the Andrews Sisters to 'Rum and Coca-Cola'. We never thought of the lyric. The lyric was there, it was cute, but we didn't think of what it meant; but at that time, nobody else would think of it either, because we weren't as morally open as we are today and so, a lot of stuff—really, no excuses—just went over our heads." Some stations refused to play the song because it mentioned rum, and alcohol couldn't be advertised on the air, or because it mentioned the brand name Coca-Cola, which was perceived as advertising for the soft drink.

Paragraph 19: A treaty of alliance was established between Jerusalem and the Venetians prior to the beginning of the siege of Tyre in February 1124 (the city capitulated to the crusaders later that year). The treaty was negotiated by Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem, and thus it is known as the  ( being the Latin form of his name). Earlier treaties had been negotiated between Jerusalem and the Venetians and other Italian city-states, and the Venetians themselves had been granted privileges in 1100 and 1110 in return for military assistance, but this treaty was far more extensive. The  granted the Venetians their own church, street, square, baths, market, scales, mill, and oven in every city controlled by the King of Jerusalem, except in Jerusalem itself, where their autonomy was more limited. In the other cities, they were permitted to use their own Venetian scales to conduct business and trade when trading with other Venetians, but otherwise they were to use the scales and prices established by the King. In Acre, they were granted a quarter of the city, where every Venetian "may be as free as in Venice itself." In Tyre and Ascalon (though neither had yet been captured), they were granted one-third of the city and one-third of the surrounding countryside, possibly as many as 21 villages in the case of Tyre. These privileges were entirely free from taxation, but Venetian ships would be taxed if they were carrying pilgrims, and in this case the King would personally be entitled to one-third of the tax. For their help in the siege of Tyre, the Venetians were entitled to 300 "Saracen besants" per year from the revenue of that city. They were permitted to use their own laws in civil suits between Venetians or in cases in which a Venetian was the defendant, but if a Venetian was the plaintiff the matter would be decided in the courts of the Kingdom. If a Venetian was shipwrecked or died in the kingdom, his property would be sent back to Venice rather than being confiscated by the King. Anyone living in the Venetian quarter in Acre or the Venetian districts in other cities would be subject to Venetian law.

Paragraph 20: Before Morrison was a state senator, she was an associate professor of economics at the University of Wisconsin-Platteville. After she was elected, the Sexual Assault Act of 1976 was passed, but she was active in the women's liberation movement before she was elected, and helped lay the foundations for the eventual support of the Sexual Assault Act. In 1974, Morrison worked with Barbara Ulichny to organize a summit meeting for women in leadership positions throughout the state. Ulichny eventually was elected to the State Assembly in 1978, to the State Senate later, and then eventually became a private attorney. The women's summit's goal was to write the first draft for a new sexual assault law, and help push the legislation through many state congressional meetings and with important key players, including women that Morrison worked with such as Sandra Edhlund, Sara Bates, Julilly Kohler, and Linda Roberson. The Sexual Assault Law's plan was to move the state forward in terms of progressive legislation that would protect rape victims and close the loopholes in the previous laws. It broadened the definition of sexual assault by dividing it into four categories, such as touching without permission to forced intercourse. They wanted to have the punishment fit the crime, the previous law defined sexual assault only as rape, and the only legal punishment was 30 years. The women activists wanted these different levels of punishment, in order to reassure many male legislators and judges, who were reluctant to place a man behind bars for 30 years for a smaller crime. There was still rampant negative attitudes towards brushing off sexual assault cases that allowed many offenders to walk free, so their attempts to create this middle ground legislation gained a lot of supporters. The proposed law also included the provision to change the name "rape" to "sexual assault" in legal wordings, to be more all-encompassing and ensure more acts of sexual assault would be punished. Other aspects of the law that Morrison and other female activists supported was to put to rest the myth that unless a woman physically fought her attacker she consented to the sexual action, and they also wanted to ensure that if a woman had to testify or go through any legal proceedings that her previous sex life wouldn't also go on trial. Morrison and other activists held a public forum on September 23, 1974, at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. Their efforts got the attention of many, but it still took a few years for the legislation to pass, later in 1976.

Paragraph 21: 1913 was also the year in which Spaini launched himself on a parallel career as a professional translator from German into Italian.   The selected work was Goethe's very substantial second novel, known in English as "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship".   Two translators are credited jointly:  Alberto Spaini and his future wife Rosina Pisaneschi.   Fir the Italian language version Goethe's eight volumes were adapted into two volumes, each comprising more than 1,000 pages.   In a self-portrait piece, written half a lifetime later, Spaini would marvel at the "serenity of youth" he had displayed, aged just 20 and then 21, sailing into the project with very little appreciation of the scale of the task.   The appearance of the first Italian language volume was quickly followed by a lengthy article from Spaini himself, appearing in La Voce, entitled "La modernità di Goethe" (loosely, "Goethe's modernity").   The translation marked not just a turning point in the translator's career, but also in the history of German literature in Italy.   Its appearance provided the occasion for a major controversy on the translation into Italian of foreign language novels.   Spaini lined up with the brilliant young scholar of Germanistics from Milan, Lavinia Mazzucchetti, whose own reputation among scholars had recently been greatly elevated by publication of her book "Schiller in Italia".   The target of their indignation was an aging librarian and authority of Slavic culture called Domenico Ciampoli who had recently republished an old translation of the same Goethe novel.   The version promoted by Ciampoli came not from Goethe's text, but from an "intermediate" French translation of it, "filled with cuts and manipulations".   For Spaini and  Mazzucchetti, Ciampoli had compounded his error by attributing the old translation, incorrectly, to Giovanni Berchet.   During the nineteenth century, with French widely regarded as the only universal language across much of Europe and beyond, it had not been uncommon for Italian publishers to sell foreign language books translated into Italian via an intermediate French language version rather from the original language text, but by the end of the nineteenth century, following major advances in relevant communications technologies, the practice was increasingly frowned upon.   In the aftermath of the literary attacks on Ciampoli's application of it to an important work by Goethe himself, the use of an intermediate language for translations into Italian - at least when the original text had been printed in German - was no longer considered acceptable.

Paragraph 22: Limiting factors are not limited to the condition of the species. Some factors may be increased or reduced based on circumstances. An example of a limiting factor is sunlight in the rain forest, where growth is limited to all plants on the forest floor unless more light becomes available. This decreases the number of potential factors that could influence a biological process, but only one is in effect at any one place and time. This recognition that there is always a single limiting factor is vital in ecology, and the concept has parallels in numerous other processes. The limiting factor also causes competition between individuals of a species population. For example, space is a limiting factor. Many predators and prey need a certain amount of space for survival: food, water, and other biological needs. If the population of a species is too high, they start competing for those needs. Thus the limiting factors hold down population in an area by causing some individuals to seek better prospects elsewhere and others to stay and starve. Some other limiting factors in biology include temperature and other weather related factors. Species can also be limited by the availability of macro- and micronutrients.  There has even been evidence of co-limitation in prairie ecosystems.  A study published in 2017 showed that sodium (a micronutrient) had no effect on its own, but when in combination with nitrogen and phosphorus (macronutrients), it did show positive effects, which is evidence of serial co-limitation.

Paragraph 23: In February, 1964, Wilkinson announced that he would enter a special election to replace his friend, the late Robert S. Kerr, as U. S. Senator from Oklahoma. He had already resigned his position as head coach of the Oklahoma University Sooners.   Politicians and the Oklahoma press debated whether he was qualified to become a U. S. Senator, though all seemed to agree that his popularity as a cultural icon gave him an important edge. Easily winning the Republican primary, Wilkinson became the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in 1964, at which point he legally changed his first name to Bud, but narrowly lost to Democrat Fred R. Harris, then a State Senator in Oklahoma. Both parties involved political heavyweights from out of state to campaign for their candidates. Republicans invited former President Eisenhower and Senator Barry Goldwater. Illness made Eisenhower miss the occasion, so his former Vice President Richard Nixon served as substitute. Harris supporters got President Lyndon Johnson to make an appearance, as well as several other national Democrats. Wilkinson's Republican advisers brought in Senator Strom Thurmond to appeal to ultra-conservative voters in Little Dixie, which had recently turned reliably Republican. That effort backfired. Harris later said, "my campaign got an extra benefit from Senator Thurmond's Oklahoma visit … Thurmond wound up scaring the daylights out of even a lot of conservative white voters with his jingoist speeches, advocating for the escalation of the American war effort in Vietnam." In the 1964 General Election, Republican presidential nominee, Senator Barry Goldwater lost to incumbent President Lyndon Baines Johnson 55-45 percent in Oklahoma. Through 2020, Johnson is the last Democrat to carry Oklahoma in a presidential election. Wilkinson entertained seeking the other Oklahoma U.S. Senate seat in 1968, but he did not run, and the position went to former Governor Henry Bellmon, also a Republican.

Paragraph 24: 1913 was also the year in which Spaini launched himself on a parallel career as a professional translator from German into Italian.   The selected work was Goethe's very substantial second novel, known in English as "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship".   Two translators are credited jointly:  Alberto Spaini and his future wife Rosina Pisaneschi.   Fir the Italian language version Goethe's eight volumes were adapted into two volumes, each comprising more than 1,000 pages.   In a self-portrait piece, written half a lifetime later, Spaini would marvel at the "serenity of youth" he had displayed, aged just 20 and then 21, sailing into the project with very little appreciation of the scale of the task.   The appearance of the first Italian language volume was quickly followed by a lengthy article from Spaini himself, appearing in La Voce, entitled "La modernità di Goethe" (loosely, "Goethe's modernity").   The translation marked not just a turning point in the translator's career, but also in the history of German literature in Italy.   Its appearance provided the occasion for a major controversy on the translation into Italian of foreign language novels.   Spaini lined up with the brilliant young scholar of Germanistics from Milan, Lavinia Mazzucchetti, whose own reputation among scholars had recently been greatly elevated by publication of her book "Schiller in Italia".   The target of their indignation was an aging librarian and authority of Slavic culture called Domenico Ciampoli who had recently republished an old translation of the same Goethe novel.   The version promoted by Ciampoli came not from Goethe's text, but from an "intermediate" French translation of it, "filled with cuts and manipulations".   For Spaini and  Mazzucchetti, Ciampoli had compounded his error by attributing the old translation, incorrectly, to Giovanni Berchet.   During the nineteenth century, with French widely regarded as the only universal language across much of Europe and beyond, it had not been uncommon for Italian publishers to sell foreign language books translated into Italian via an intermediate French language version rather from the original language text, but by the end of the nineteenth century, following major advances in relevant communications technologies, the practice was increasingly frowned upon.   In the aftermath of the literary attacks on Ciampoli's application of it to an important work by Goethe himself, the use of an intermediate language for translations into Italian - at least when the original text had been printed in German - was no longer considered acceptable.

Paragraph 25: GEODSS tracks objects in deep space, or from about 3,000 mi (4,800 km) out to beyond geosynchronous altitudes. GEODSS requires nighttime and clear weather tracking because of the inherent limitations of an optical system. Each site has three telescopes. The telescopes have a 40-inch (1.02 m) aperture and a two-degree field of view. The telescopes are able to "see" objects 10,000 times dimmer than the human eye can detect. This sensitivity, and sky background during daytime that masks satellites reflected light, dictates that the system operate at night. As with any ground-based optical system, cloud cover and local weather conditions directly influence its effectiveness. GEODSS system can track objects as small as a basketball more than 20,000 miles (30,000 km) in space or a chair at , and is a vital part of USSPACECOM's Space Surveillance Network. Distant Molniya orbiting satellites are often detected in elliptical orbits that surpass the Moon and back (245,000 miles out). Each GEODSS site tracks approximately 3,000 objects per night out of 9,900 object that are regularly tracked and accounted for. Objects crossing the International Space Station (ISS) orbit within  will cause the ISS to adjust their orbit to avoid collision. The oldest object tracked is Object #4 (Vanguard 1) launched in 1958.

Paragraph 26: James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained his first two degrees. His international reputation as a composer developed from his early career as a programme maker at the BBC, during which he produced many award-winning programmes and developed a style known for its direct connection with audiences. His close association with the BBC Philharmonic resulted in three large-scale commissions for voices and orchestra. His "Son of God Mass" has had many performances worldwide, especially in the US and Europe. In 2005, The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra with the Choir of Clare College Cambridge, under Leonard Slatkin, premiered his largest choral work Annelies, a setting of the Diary of Anne Frank, at London's Cadogan Hall to wide critical acclaim. The work was later re-scored in an alternative chamber version which was premiered in The Netherlands on Anne Frank's 80th birthday by the British violinist Daniel Hope and the American soprano Arianna Zukerman. He wrote a number of works for the late British tenor Robert Tear, with whom he also collaborated as librettist, including a festal setting of the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis for King's College, Cambridge, a cantata for the St Endellion Festival and three Christmas carols. Other major works include the choral work Luminosity, scored for choir, viola, organ, tanpura and percussion and The Seven Heavens for choir and orchestra, which portrays the life of C.S.Lewis in the imagery of the medieval planets. The Seven Heavens was premiered at the Ulster Hall with the Belfast Philharmonic and the Ulster Orchestra. Since 2006 his compositions have been performed in several major concerts devoted to his music at Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey with whom he continues to have a close association. In 2010 the Oxford-based chamber choir Commotio released a disc of his choral music on the Naxos label, Luminosity, which attracted much attention especially in the USA. In 2011, The Williamson Voices released the second Naxos choral disc, Living Voices with the Saxophonist Jeremy Powell, and Organist Ken Cowan under conductor James Jordan. 2013 saw the release on Naxos of Annelies, with Arianna Zukerman, The Lincoln Trio, Bharat Chandra and the Westminster Williamson Voices under James Jordan. Television credits include music for the BBC's coverage of the Queen Mother's funeral, and major BBC series Son of God. Among many international awards and achievements, he has earned three GRAMMY nominations (including Best Choral Performance for Annelies) and a Royal Television Society Award. He is Senior Research Fellow of St. Stephen's House, University of Oxford, and is a member of Oxford's Faculty of Music. In April 2020, he was appointed Director of Music at St Edmund Hall, Oxford.

Paragraph 27: Johnson offers a two-year full-time MBA program, which consists of one semester of mandatory courses (core), one semester in immersion, and an optional second-year concentration. Unlike other MBA programs whose mandatory courses occupy the entire first year, Johnson utilizes an intense first-semester core model, allowing students to engage in an immersion (concentration) and specialize before interviewing for summer internships. Students who do not have a business background before matriculating at Johnson may attend a week-long MBA math boot camp to get up to speed, and orientation consists of a two-week leadership course that culminates in the Johnson Outdoor Experience (JOE), a two-day adventure-based activity in the Finger Lakes foothills. For the Class of 2018, the number of applications jumped from 1,704 to 1,960, a 13.1% increase over the previous year.  Overall, the program enrolled 284 students, up from 274 for the previous class.  Despite this increase, the program is harder to get into, with the acceptance rate dropping from 32.4% to 27.3%.  Entrance statistics for the Class of 2018 include an average score of 700 on the GMAT and a median of five years of work experience. The student body is international and diverse, with 38% of students holding citizenship outside the United States. Women comprise 31% of the Class of 2018.

Paragraph 28: U.S. Navy aircraft carriers launched aircraft for strikes on the barracks at Vit Thu Lu and Đồng Hới, both just north of the DMZ. The attack on Vit Thu Lu was cancelled because of heavy clouds over the target. The weather was little better at Dong Hoi, home of the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) 325th Infantry Division. A 29-plane strike formation from  approached the target under a low cloud ceiling at 500 knots. The A-4 Skyhawks of attack squadrons VA-153 and VA-155 hit the barracks with rockets and 250-pound bombs. Prepared as they had not been during Operation Pierce Arrow, North Vietnamese antiaircraft gunners threw up a curtain of fire from 37-millimeter guns, automatic weapons and small arms ashore and from Swatow gunboats in the Kien River. Some of this fire hit Lieutenant Edward A. Dickson's A-4 but he continued his attack before ejecting from his crippled plane, however his parachute failed to open and he plunged to his death. Right behind Coral Seas formation came 17 A-4s of VA-212 and VA-216 from the  which dropped their ordnance on already burning and smoking camp facilities as F-8 Crusaders suppressed fire from antiaircraft sites. Completing the mission, RF-8A reconnaissance aircraft rolled in to photograph the scene for naval intelligence analysis. The results were unimpressive. The attack had destroyed or damaged only 22 of the 275 buildings in the camp.

Paragraph 29: He scored four goals in three games at the start of the 2003–04 season, igniting interest from larger clubs. Two goals came in Town's opening game of the 2003–04 season in their 2–2 draw at home to Cambridge United. Stead went on to score two goals in a game on three further occasions for the Terriers during the first part of the 2003–04 season, with his other braces coming against Northampton Town on 13 September in a 3–0 home win, in a dramatic 3–3 away draw at Mansfield Town on 22 November and then again in a 3–1 home win over Doncaster Rovers on 3 January 2004.

Paragraph 30: The LDS Church, believing that the law unconstitutionally deprived its members of their First Amendment right to freely practice their religion, chose to challenge the Morrill Anti-Bigamy Act. The First Presidency decided to furnish a defendant to establish a test case to be brought before the United States Supreme Court, to determine the constitutionality of the anti-bigamy law. Reynolds, a secretary in the office of the president of the church, agreed to serve as the defendant. He provided the United States Attorney with numerous witnesses who could testify of his being married to two wives, and was indicted for bigamy by a grand jury on June 23, 1874. In 1875, Reynolds was convicted and sentenced to two years in prison at hard labor (a provision not included in the statute) and a fine of five hundred dollars. In 1876 the Utah Territorial Supreme Court upheld the sentence.

Paragraph 31: Five games into the 2010–11 season, he suffered a bruised foot while blocking a shot during a contest against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 17, 2010. The injury caused him to miss eight games. After returning to the line-up, he scored his first goal as a Canuck – an empty-netter in the final minute of a 5–3 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on November 13. Later in the season, Hamhuis suffered a concussion during a game against the Anaheim Ducks on February 9, 2011. After making a pass from behind his net, he received a bodycheck from opposing forward Ryan Getzlaf, causing him to hit his head on the boards. He lay motionless on the ice for several minutes before being helped to the Canucks' dressing room. While no penalty was called on the play, Hamhuis' teammates described the hit as a dirty play on Getzlaf's part after the game. Conversely, Canucks head coach Alain Vigneault told media it was a "good hit by a big player" and that Hamhuis "was watching his pass and should have been trying to protect himself." Speaking publicly of the injury for the first time 10 days later, Hamhuis said he did not deem the hit "dirty", but "unnecessary", given the "puck was...off [his] stick" and he was in a "vulnerable position". After returning to the line-up, he registered his first two-goal NHL game, including the overtime-winner, in a 4–3 win against the Phoenix Coyotes. Finishing the regular season with 6 goals and 23 points over 64 games, he helped the Canucks to the best record in the NHL, earning them the franchise's first ever Presidents' Trophy. He ranked third on the team in plus-minus (+29) and average ice time per game (22 minutes and 40 seconds). Entering the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West, the Canucks eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks, Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks en route to the Stanley Cup Finals. During Game 1 of the series against the Boston Bruins, Hamhuis suffered a sports hernia, as well as groin and lower abdomen injuries, resulting from a hip check he delivered to opposing forward Milan Lucic; he was sidelined for the remainder of the Finals. Prior to his injury, Hamhuis played a significant role in the team's playoff run, forming a shutdown defensive pairing with Kevin Bieksa. The two led Vancouver in average ice time per game throughout the playoffs. It was revealed following the Canucks' Game 7 defeat to the Bruins that Hamhuis required off-season surgery.

Paragraph 32: The Andrews Sisters also seem to have given little thought to the meaning of the lyrics. According to Patty Andrews, "We had a recording date, and the song was brought to us the night before the recording date. We hardly really knew it, and when we went in we had some extra time and we just threw it in, and that was the miracle of it. It was actually a faked arrangement. There was no written background, so we just kind of faked it." In under ten minutes they made a record that sold seven million units and sat at number one on the Billboard magazine chart for seven weeks. Maxine Andrews recalled, "The rhythm was what attracted the Andrews Sisters to 'Rum and Coca-Cola'. We never thought of the lyric. The lyric was there, it was cute, but we didn't think of what it meant; but at that time, nobody else would think of it either, because we weren't as morally open as we are today and so, a lot of stuff—really, no excuses—just went over our heads." Some stations refused to play the song because it mentioned rum, and alcohol couldn't be advertised on the air, or because it mentioned the brand name Coca-Cola, which was perceived as advertising for the soft drink.

Paragraph 33: In 1992 Gray, with the rank of major, opened a sluice gate on top of the Peruća dam in Croatia shortly before the occupying Serbs detonated explosives, protected by land mines and booby traps, deep inside it. This action did not become known publicly until described to the Science Festival in 1995 by engineering Professor Paul Back from Oxford University. He described how Serbian militia had expelled UN observers from the 65-metre-high dam in January 1993, and set off huge explosives in a maintenance gallery that ran the dam's length at foundation level. "This was an attempt to use the 540 million cubic metres of stored water as a weapon of mass destruction to the downstream land and population, " said Professor Back. "Some 20,000 people would have been drowned or rendered homeless had the dam failed as intended. " Severe damage was caused to three points in the dam corresponding to where the saboteurs had placed their explosives. In the central section alone it was estimated that 15 tons of explosive material had been used. At each of these three points the top of the dam, made of rock fill with a clay core, sagged by two metres, said Professor Back, who was a member of a British team despatched by the Overseas Development Administration to inspect it and advise on repairs after the Croatians reoccupied it. "During the tenure of the UN observers, but while the dam was in Serb hands, Gray had visited the site and observed that the Serbs were holding the water level well above the correct full supply level, " he said. "On his own initiative, and exceeding his authority, he opened the surface spillway gate sufficiently to slowly reduce the water level. He managed to lower the water level by some metres by the time the attempt to destroy the dam took place. Had he not been able to reduce the level, there is no doubt that the dam would have failed as water would have poured over the slumped crest after the explosions." As it was, Professor Back said it was only a miracle that the dam had not failed. With fighting continuing in the surrounding hills, engineers had to race against time before the ongoing erosion of the dam's clay core caused a blow-through and total collapse. Professor Back said he learned later that Major Gray could have been disciplined for exceeding his authority. "I wrote to the Ministry of Defence and told him he should be given a medal instead." Items of Gray's UN equipment are on display at the Royal Marines Museum.

Paragraph 34:  In the 2017 TV series, he is portrayed by K. Todd Freeman. In "The Wide Window" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe loses the Baudelaire children during the confusion when Count Olaf was exposed. In "The Miserable Mill," Eleanora assists Mr. Poe into finding the Baudelaires and were able to locate them at Lucky Smells Lumbermill following Count Olaf's escape. In "The Vile Village" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe hears about the Baudelaire's "murder" of "Count Olaf." As he is unable to believe the Baudelaires' claim that the man that was killed wasn't Count Olaf, Mr. Poe is unable to help them and prepares to say his goodbyes to them before they are burned at the stake. Mr. Poe was surprised that Eleanora showed up to get a story and stated that they should've carpooled. After a crow is accidentally injured by Esmé during the Baudelaire's escape, Mr. Poe tells the villagers that they got to take the crow to the veterinarian. In "The Hostile Hospital" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe goes to Heimlich Hospital thinking that he contracted swine flu during his time at the Village of Fowl Devotees when he speaks to Hal about it. When he receives a ticket to the "crainoectomy" held by Count Olaf under the alias of Mattathias Medicalschool, Klaus and Sunny's disguises come undone as Mr. Poe is displeased that Klaus and Sunny were partaking in an operation where they didn't have a medical license. After Heimlich Hospital is set on fire, Mr. Poe gets out and comforts Babs. In "The Carnivorous Carnival" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe attends the lion-feeding event at the Caligari Carnival. He was there after getting an anonymous tip that the Baudelaire children were sighted in the area. After the Caligari Carnival was burned to the ground, Mr. Poe was driving home as he plans to give Mrs. Bass a tour of his bank first. After being used as a hostage by Mrs. Bass in "The Slippery Slope," he somehow ends up in the Mortmain Mountains after not wanting to be yelled at by Mr. Tamerlane where he runs into Kit Snicket. When they returned to the city after an encounter with Snow Gnats, Mr. Poe gets a call from Mr. Tamerlane that there are fires across the city and some children have been left as orphans. In "The Grim Grotto" Pt. 1, Quigley visits Mr. Poe to ask for his help in finding the Baudelaires. Mr. Poe commented to Quigley that he has been listed as dead and that he is too busy handling the many orphan cases in light of the fires happening around the city. This led to Quigley meeting Kit Snicket. In "The Grim Grotto" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe sneaks out of Mulctuary Money Management where he offers to help the Baudelaires clear their name and wanted to become an official guardian at the same time only for Kit to appear where they left with her to Hotel Denouement. In "The Penultimate Peril" Pt. 1, Mr. Poe is staying at Hotel Denouement and was taken to Hotel Denouement's Indian restaurant by Sunny where he encounters Count Olaf posing as Jacques Snicket. In "The Penultimate Peril" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe stopped reading the Daily Punctilio. Both time when he was blindfolded, he mistook a statue of an Indian elephant promoting the Hotel Denouement's Indian restaurant as a snake, referencing a story where three blind men are asked to identify an animal solely by touch. This story is also referenced by Sunny Baudelaire in an earlier scene.

Paragraph 35: James Whitbourn was born in Kent and educated at Skinners' School before winning a scholarship to Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained his first two degrees. His international reputation as a composer developed from his early career as a programme maker at the BBC, during which he produced many award-winning programmes and developed a style known for its direct connection with audiences. His close association with the BBC Philharmonic resulted in three large-scale commissions for voices and orchestra. His "Son of God Mass" has had many performances worldwide, especially in the US and Europe. In 2005, The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra with the Choir of Clare College Cambridge, under Leonard Slatkin, premiered his largest choral work Annelies, a setting of the Diary of Anne Frank, at London's Cadogan Hall to wide critical acclaim. The work was later re-scored in an alternative chamber version which was premiered in The Netherlands on Anne Frank's 80th birthday by the British violinist Daniel Hope and the American soprano Arianna Zukerman. He wrote a number of works for the late British tenor Robert Tear, with whom he also collaborated as librettist, including a festal setting of the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis for King's College, Cambridge, a cantata for the St Endellion Festival and three Christmas carols. Other major works include the choral work Luminosity, scored for choir, viola, organ, tanpura and percussion and The Seven Heavens for choir and orchestra, which portrays the life of C.S.Lewis in the imagery of the medieval planets. The Seven Heavens was premiered at the Ulster Hall with the Belfast Philharmonic and the Ulster Orchestra. Since 2006 his compositions have been performed in several major concerts devoted to his music at Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey with whom he continues to have a close association. In 2010 the Oxford-based chamber choir Commotio released a disc of his choral music on the Naxos label, Luminosity, which attracted much attention especially in the USA. In 2011, The Williamson Voices released the second Naxos choral disc, Living Voices with the Saxophonist Jeremy Powell, and Organist Ken Cowan under conductor James Jordan. 2013 saw the release on Naxos of Annelies, with Arianna Zukerman, The Lincoln Trio, Bharat Chandra and the Westminster Williamson Voices under James Jordan. Television credits include music for the BBC's coverage of the Queen Mother's funeral, and major BBC series Son of God. Among many international awards and achievements, he has earned three GRAMMY nominations (including Best Choral Performance for Annelies) and a Royal Television Society Award. He is Senior Research Fellow of St. Stephen's House, University of Oxford, and is a member of Oxford's Faculty of Music. In April 2020, he was appointed Director of Music at St Edmund Hall, Oxford.

Paragraph 36: A treaty of alliance was established between Jerusalem and the Venetians prior to the beginning of the siege of Tyre in February 1124 (the city capitulated to the crusaders later that year). The treaty was negotiated by Warmund, Patriarch of Jerusalem, and thus it is known as the  ( being the Latin form of his name). Earlier treaties had been negotiated between Jerusalem and the Venetians and other Italian city-states, and the Venetians themselves had been granted privileges in 1100 and 1110 in return for military assistance, but this treaty was far more extensive. The  granted the Venetians their own church, street, square, baths, market, scales, mill, and oven in every city controlled by the King of Jerusalem, except in Jerusalem itself, where their autonomy was more limited. In the other cities, they were permitted to use their own Venetian scales to conduct business and trade when trading with other Venetians, but otherwise they were to use the scales and prices established by the King. In Acre, they were granted a quarter of the city, where every Venetian "may be as free as in Venice itself." In Tyre and Ascalon (though neither had yet been captured), they were granted one-third of the city and one-third of the surrounding countryside, possibly as many as 21 villages in the case of Tyre. These privileges were entirely free from taxation, but Venetian ships would be taxed if they were carrying pilgrims, and in this case the King would personally be entitled to one-third of the tax. For their help in the siege of Tyre, the Venetians were entitled to 300 "Saracen besants" per year from the revenue of that city. They were permitted to use their own laws in civil suits between Venetians or in cases in which a Venetian was the defendant, but if a Venetian was the plaintiff the matter would be decided in the courts of the Kingdom. If a Venetian was shipwrecked or died in the kingdom, his property would be sent back to Venice rather than being confiscated by the King. Anyone living in the Venetian quarter in Acre or the Venetian districts in other cities would be subject to Venetian law.

Paragraph 37: The Andrews Sisters also seem to have given little thought to the meaning of the lyrics. According to Patty Andrews, "We had a recording date, and the song was brought to us the night before the recording date. We hardly really knew it, and when we went in we had some extra time and we just threw it in, and that was the miracle of it. It was actually a faked arrangement. There was no written background, so we just kind of faked it." In under ten minutes they made a record that sold seven million units and sat at number one on the Billboard magazine chart for seven weeks. Maxine Andrews recalled, "The rhythm was what attracted the Andrews Sisters to 'Rum and Coca-Cola'. We never thought of the lyric. The lyric was there, it was cute, but we didn't think of what it meant; but at that time, nobody else would think of it either, because we weren't as morally open as we are today and so, a lot of stuff—really, no excuses—just went over our heads." Some stations refused to play the song because it mentioned rum, and alcohol couldn't be advertised on the air, or because it mentioned the brand name Coca-Cola, which was perceived as advertising for the soft drink.

Paragraph 38: The Andrews Sisters also seem to have given little thought to the meaning of the lyrics. According to Patty Andrews, "We had a recording date, and the song was brought to us the night before the recording date. We hardly really knew it, and when we went in we had some extra time and we just threw it in, and that was the miracle of it. It was actually a faked arrangement. There was no written background, so we just kind of faked it." In under ten minutes they made a record that sold seven million units and sat at number one on the Billboard magazine chart for seven weeks. Maxine Andrews recalled, "The rhythm was what attracted the Andrews Sisters to 'Rum and Coca-Cola'. We never thought of the lyric. The lyric was there, it was cute, but we didn't think of what it meant; but at that time, nobody else would think of it either, because we weren't as morally open as we are today and so, a lot of stuff—really, no excuses—just went over our heads." Some stations refused to play the song because it mentioned rum, and alcohol couldn't be advertised on the air, or because it mentioned the brand name Coca-Cola, which was perceived as advertising for the soft drink.

Paragraph 39: In 1992 Gray, with the rank of major, opened a sluice gate on top of the Peruća dam in Croatia shortly before the occupying Serbs detonated explosives, protected by land mines and booby traps, deep inside it. This action did not become known publicly until described to the Science Festival in 1995 by engineering Professor Paul Back from Oxford University. He described how Serbian militia had expelled UN observers from the 65-metre-high dam in January 1993, and set off huge explosives in a maintenance gallery that ran the dam's length at foundation level. "This was an attempt to use the 540 million cubic metres of stored water as a weapon of mass destruction to the downstream land and population, " said Professor Back. "Some 20,000 people would have been drowned or rendered homeless had the dam failed as intended. " Severe damage was caused to three points in the dam corresponding to where the saboteurs had placed their explosives. In the central section alone it was estimated that 15 tons of explosive material had been used. At each of these three points the top of the dam, made of rock fill with a clay core, sagged by two metres, said Professor Back, who was a member of a British team despatched by the Overseas Development Administration to inspect it and advise on repairs after the Croatians reoccupied it. "During the tenure of the UN observers, but while the dam was in Serb hands, Gray had visited the site and observed that the Serbs were holding the water level well above the correct full supply level, " he said. "On his own initiative, and exceeding his authority, he opened the surface spillway gate sufficiently to slowly reduce the water level. He managed to lower the water level by some metres by the time the attempt to destroy the dam took place. Had he not been able to reduce the level, there is no doubt that the dam would have failed as water would have poured over the slumped crest after the explosions." As it was, Professor Back said it was only a miracle that the dam had not failed. With fighting continuing in the surrounding hills, engineers had to race against time before the ongoing erosion of the dam's clay core caused a blow-through and total collapse. Professor Back said he learned later that Major Gray could have been disciplined for exceeding his authority. "I wrote to the Ministry of Defence and told him he should be given a medal instead." Items of Gray's UN equipment are on display at the Royal Marines Museum.

Paragraph 40:  In the 2017 TV series, he is portrayed by K. Todd Freeman. In "The Wide Window" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe loses the Baudelaire children during the confusion when Count Olaf was exposed. In "The Miserable Mill," Eleanora assists Mr. Poe into finding the Baudelaires and were able to locate them at Lucky Smells Lumbermill following Count Olaf's escape. In "The Vile Village" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe hears about the Baudelaire's "murder" of "Count Olaf." As he is unable to believe the Baudelaires' claim that the man that was killed wasn't Count Olaf, Mr. Poe is unable to help them and prepares to say his goodbyes to them before they are burned at the stake. Mr. Poe was surprised that Eleanora showed up to get a story and stated that they should've carpooled. After a crow is accidentally injured by Esmé during the Baudelaire's escape, Mr. Poe tells the villagers that they got to take the crow to the veterinarian. In "The Hostile Hospital" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe goes to Heimlich Hospital thinking that he contracted swine flu during his time at the Village of Fowl Devotees when he speaks to Hal about it. When he receives a ticket to the "crainoectomy" held by Count Olaf under the alias of Mattathias Medicalschool, Klaus and Sunny's disguises come undone as Mr. Poe is displeased that Klaus and Sunny were partaking in an operation where they didn't have a medical license. After Heimlich Hospital is set on fire, Mr. Poe gets out and comforts Babs. In "The Carnivorous Carnival" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe attends the lion-feeding event at the Caligari Carnival. He was there after getting an anonymous tip that the Baudelaire children were sighted in the area. After the Caligari Carnival was burned to the ground, Mr. Poe was driving home as he plans to give Mrs. Bass a tour of his bank first. After being used as a hostage by Mrs. Bass in "The Slippery Slope," he somehow ends up in the Mortmain Mountains after not wanting to be yelled at by Mr. Tamerlane where he runs into Kit Snicket. When they returned to the city after an encounter with Snow Gnats, Mr. Poe gets a call from Mr. Tamerlane that there are fires across the city and some children have been left as orphans. In "The Grim Grotto" Pt. 1, Quigley visits Mr. Poe to ask for his help in finding the Baudelaires. Mr. Poe commented to Quigley that he has been listed as dead and that he is too busy handling the many orphan cases in light of the fires happening around the city. This led to Quigley meeting Kit Snicket. In "The Grim Grotto" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe sneaks out of Mulctuary Money Management where he offers to help the Baudelaires clear their name and wanted to become an official guardian at the same time only for Kit to appear where they left with her to Hotel Denouement. In "The Penultimate Peril" Pt. 1, Mr. Poe is staying at Hotel Denouement and was taken to Hotel Denouement's Indian restaurant by Sunny where he encounters Count Olaf posing as Jacques Snicket. In "The Penultimate Peril" Pt. 2, Mr. Poe stopped reading the Daily Punctilio. Both time when he was blindfolded, he mistook a statue of an Indian elephant promoting the Hotel Denouement's Indian restaurant as a snake, referencing a story where three blind men are asked to identify an animal solely by touch. This story is also referenced by Sunny Baudelaire in an earlier scene.

Paragraph 41: GEODSS tracks objects in deep space, or from about 3,000 mi (4,800 km) out to beyond geosynchronous altitudes. GEODSS requires nighttime and clear weather tracking because of the inherent limitations of an optical system. Each site has three telescopes. The telescopes have a 40-inch (1.02 m) aperture and a two-degree field of view. The telescopes are able to "see" objects 10,000 times dimmer than the human eye can detect. This sensitivity, and sky background during daytime that masks satellites reflected light, dictates that the system operate at night. As with any ground-based optical system, cloud cover and local weather conditions directly influence its effectiveness. GEODSS system can track objects as small as a basketball more than 20,000 miles (30,000 km) in space or a chair at , and is a vital part of USSPACECOM's Space Surveillance Network. Distant Molniya orbiting satellites are often detected in elliptical orbits that surpass the Moon and back (245,000 miles out). Each GEODSS site tracks approximately 3,000 objects per night out of 9,900 object that are regularly tracked and accounted for. Objects crossing the International Space Station (ISS) orbit within  will cause the ISS to adjust their orbit to avoid collision. The oldest object tracked is Object #4 (Vanguard 1) launched in 1958.

Paragraph 42: Thus, both East and West conceive of human union with God but explain it in significantly different ways. These matters are subtle and difficult, and the technically precise distinctions might not always have immediate practical consequences. That is to say, the religions of the East and the West have served and, for the most part, continue to serve their adherents well. However, the unavoidable pluralism of twenty-first-century globalization demands that at some level a spiritual consensus be forged. This is the theme of Helminiak's Spirituality for Our Global Community. This enterprise calls for the precision of a science. Then the above named distinctions become crucial. Only an epistemology or philosophy of science adequate to spiritual reality could manage the subtleties—a main theme in Brain, Consciousness, and God. Many believe that Lonergan has finally provided the requisite epistemology, and Helminiak uses it both to differentiate the human and the divine within spirituality and to inter-relate them. That is, he inter-relates psychology, spirituality, and theology and thus presents a logically coherent and comprehensive understanding of spirituality. It requires no appeal to paradox as, for example, Ken Wilber adamantly does in his "perennial philosophy" and "Integral Studies." Helminiak's elaboration of the human core of spirituality becomes the lynchpin of the overall interdisciplinary, scientific project.

Paragraph 43: Quintero grew up in a town named Coyotitán. Before José planned to be a music artist, he wanted to play baseball professionally. Which made him travel to Mazatlán, Mexico. The capital of the big star sinaloense bands, this is where he slowly began to get the nickname El Coyote. In 1989, El Coyote debuted in La Original Banda El Limón de Salvador Lizárraga, leaving aside his baseball dreams for a moment. Music became his priority, and when he turned 19 years old he would become part of the first generation of Banda vocalists. Making his own style and texture of music which came natural with his voice. El Coyote was also a part of Banda la Costeña de Ramón López Alvarado, La Original Banda El Limón, and Banda Los Recoditos. He recorded various albums as vocalist with these groups; In 1997, El Coyote recorded an album with Los Recoditos that was not released at the time. Before starting his solo career, he had recorded the album "Me lo contaron ayer" with La Original Banda El Limón, released in 1997. The album recorded with Banda Los Recoditos for Musart, was released in 2004 as "Mis corridos escondidos". Banda Los Recoditos had re-recorded the same songs with another vocalist and released it in 1997 in an album titled "El Nylon". Finally, in December 1997, Jose Angel debuts in his first solo album "Aquí me quedaré" with EMI.

Paragraph 44: Quintero grew up in a town named Coyotitán. Before José planned to be a music artist, he wanted to play baseball professionally. Which made him travel to Mazatlán, Mexico. The capital of the big star sinaloense bands, this is where he slowly began to get the nickname El Coyote. In 1989, El Coyote debuted in La Original Banda El Limón de Salvador Lizárraga, leaving aside his baseball dreams for a moment. Music became his priority, and when he turned 19 years old he would become part of the first generation of Banda vocalists. Making his own style and texture of music which came natural with his voice. El Coyote was also a part of Banda la Costeña de Ramón López Alvarado, La Original Banda El Limón, and Banda Los Recoditos. He recorded various albums as vocalist with these groups; In 1997, El Coyote recorded an album with Los Recoditos that was not released at the time. Before starting his solo career, he had recorded the album "Me lo contaron ayer" with La Original Banda El Limón, released in 1997. The album recorded with Banda Los Recoditos for Musart, was released in 2004 as "Mis corridos escondidos". Banda Los Recoditos had re-recorded the same songs with another vocalist and released it in 1997 in an album titled "El Nylon". Finally, in December 1997, Jose Angel debuts in his first solo album "Aquí me quedaré" with EMI.