Paragraph 1: The first gameplay mode is the Arcade mode, where a player controlled character encounters CPU controlled characters in a random or set order which can be entirely customized. There are also three different kinds of Team modes: Single, Simul, and Turns. A fourth mode, Tag, is listed in the EXE along with two related script controllers, but was never used. In Team mode, either side can use any of the team modes. Single is identical to not having a team, Simul gives that side a computer-controlled partner who fights simultaneously, and Turns uses a different character for each round of play, varying through a set number (usually from 2 to 4) of different characters in a row. If set, the characters' starting life will be adjusted according to the number of players on each side. If one side has two characters and the other has only one in one of the Team modes, the two characters that are on the same side will each have half their respective normal maximum life values. Pre-Win M.U.G.E.N versions of the engine could have this feature adjusted or disabled via the options screen or the config file, but due to the nature of the hack, the option has not yet been reactivated. Team Co-op is similar to Simul, except that both human players fight on the same side and at the same time.

Paragraph 2: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 3: The major and permanent Pennacook towns and villages were built along the major rivers, and many were on the east side of the Merrimack, ostensibly for protection from the west. Life revolved around the seasons, and spring would begin with women collecting maple sap to make maple sugar. Men would return to hunting grounds and burn their grounds to turn over nutrients in the soils for later cultivation. In late spring the rivers and creeks would swell as the great fish like salmon and shad made their way up the Merrimack. Many Pennacook villages were built just above natural waterfalls that trapped fish and made it easier to catch them in the late spring. Fiddlehead season would be followed by others still known today, like blueberry and raspberry seasons. During the summers, families would disperse to summer villages and hunting camps. Women did most of the work of building and maintaining homes as well as farming. Their main crops were varieties of maize/corn and squash, which they planted along rivers and in meadows. While they found it difficult to clear the massive old-growth trees, the Pennacook were experts at manipulating beavers to move their dams and ponds up and down creeks and brooks, thereby clearing and opening up land for farms that would be essential to the first Europeans who arrived and found cleared fields ready for cultivation. Many of these fields were scattered with the bones of the Pennacook who had recently died of smallpox or other diseases. The fall was an important hunting and nut harvesting season (butternuts, hickory nuts, black walnuts, and beech nuts were all tasty, and several southern, fire-resistant species were propagated farther north when possible). The presence of southern, fire-resistant species of nut trees like hickories and black walnuts in New Hampshire today is thanks to the Pennacook. The forests would generally be burned again in the late fall before families returned to the more permanent winter camps to wait out the long winter. In addition to being farmers, hunters, and foragers, it is important to remember that the Pennacook and the peoples of the Merrimack River Valley were also long-distance traders, and their major towns of Pennacook and Amoskeag drew people from around the region in the late spring and summers. For more, see Michael Caduto's 2004 book, A Time Before New Hampshire and the work of David Stewart-Smith.

Paragraph 4: During 1980, Orndorff started to split his time between the Alabama and the Mid-South territories, until he left the Alabama territory by the end of 1980 to focus entirely on the Mid-South territory. In Mid-South, Orndorff feuded with Ken Mantell over Mantell's propensity for cutting people's hair after a match. Orndorff got the better of Mantell and won the right to use the Freebird hair removal cream on Mantell. Orndorff earned a shot at the North American champion The Grappler but on the day of the match he overslept (storyline) and was incensed when his replacement Jake "The Snake" Roberts beat the Grappler for the title. Orndorff's reaction to Roberts's title win signaled a change in attitude; he turned heel as he demanded a title match against Roberts. While he lost the support of the fans, he won the North American title on July 4, 1981. Orndorff feuded with Ted DiBiase, JYD, Dusty Rhodes, and Dick Murdoch while holding on to the North American title. Orndorff lost the title to DiBiase on November 1, 1981, in a match at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana. Orndorff was unable to wrestle in the rematch due to car trouble, which meant that Orndorff's friend Bob Roop got the title shot and won the match. It was soon revealed that Roop had sabotaged Orndorff's car so he could get the title shot instead (storyline). Orndorff turned face to feud with Roop but found himself unable to regain the title after which he left the Mid-South Territory.

Paragraph 5: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 6: The Glacier View project was proposed after an earlier proposal by the Corps of Engineers and the Bonneville Power Administration to raise the level of Flathead Lake by increasing the height of Kerr Dam at its outlet was rejected, following local protests.  Located in a relatively unpopulated area, the Glacier View reservoir would have flooded lower Camas Creek and would have raised the level of Logging Lake by , inundating much of the winter range for the park's white-tailed deer, elk, mule deer and moose. The proposed reservoir was to extend nearly to the Canada–US border, at an estimated cost of $94,962,000. The dam was supported by Montana Representative Mike Mansfield and Flathead Valley interests, but was opposed by former Senator Burton K. Wheeler, local ranchers, the National Park Service, the Glacier Park Hotel Company, the Sierra Club, Society of American Foresters and the Audubon Society. Public hearings were held in 1948 and 1949. Turnout at the 1948 hearings at Kalispell was influenced by extensive flooding then occurring in the Flathead Valley. Exploratory drilling took place in 1944 and 1945 at Glacier View and Foolhen Hill. The project was terminated by a joint memorandum between the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Army on April 11, 1949, but Mansfield introduced an unsuccessful bill later in the year directing the Corps of Engineers to proceed with the dam, stating that the dam "would not affect the beauty of the park in any way but would make it more beautiful by creating a large lake over ground that ... has no scenic attraction." The Corps of Engineers report on the project noted:  The park lands that will be inundated and required for freeboard of 5 feet above normal pool elevation amounts to , or about 1 percent of the total Glacier National Park area. This area does not lie within the rugged, glacier-covered portion of the park for which it is noted, but rather is on the western boundary line, in a little-used valley. The reservoir area is covered with lodge-pole pine, an inferior species of limited use. Other species of pine timber such as ponderosa pine, are predominate above the normal full reservoir and will not be injured by the project. Other lands inundated or required by this project are in private, State and United States Forest Service ownership and hence should be of no concern to the Park Service. Although there would be some effect on the wildlife in the area, the construction of Glacier View Reservoir would inconvenience but relatively few people as it is situated in a sparsely populated area.

Paragraph 7: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 8: During 1980, Orndorff started to split his time between the Alabama and the Mid-South territories, until he left the Alabama territory by the end of 1980 to focus entirely on the Mid-South territory. In Mid-South, Orndorff feuded with Ken Mantell over Mantell's propensity for cutting people's hair after a match. Orndorff got the better of Mantell and won the right to use the Freebird hair removal cream on Mantell. Orndorff earned a shot at the North American champion The Grappler but on the day of the match he overslept (storyline) and was incensed when his replacement Jake "The Snake" Roberts beat the Grappler for the title. Orndorff's reaction to Roberts's title win signaled a change in attitude; he turned heel as he demanded a title match against Roberts. While he lost the support of the fans, he won the North American title on July 4, 1981. Orndorff feuded with Ted DiBiase, JYD, Dusty Rhodes, and Dick Murdoch while holding on to the North American title. Orndorff lost the title to DiBiase on November 1, 1981, in a match at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana. Orndorff was unable to wrestle in the rematch due to car trouble, which meant that Orndorff's friend Bob Roop got the title shot and won the match. It was soon revealed that Roop had sabotaged Orndorff's car so he could get the title shot instead (storyline). Orndorff turned face to feud with Roop but found himself unable to regain the title after which he left the Mid-South Territory.

Paragraph 9: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 10: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 11: The Glacier View project was proposed after an earlier proposal by the Corps of Engineers and the Bonneville Power Administration to raise the level of Flathead Lake by increasing the height of Kerr Dam at its outlet was rejected, following local protests.  Located in a relatively unpopulated area, the Glacier View reservoir would have flooded lower Camas Creek and would have raised the level of Logging Lake by , inundating much of the winter range for the park's white-tailed deer, elk, mule deer and moose. The proposed reservoir was to extend nearly to the Canada–US border, at an estimated cost of $94,962,000. The dam was supported by Montana Representative Mike Mansfield and Flathead Valley interests, but was opposed by former Senator Burton K. Wheeler, local ranchers, the National Park Service, the Glacier Park Hotel Company, the Sierra Club, Society of American Foresters and the Audubon Society. Public hearings were held in 1948 and 1949. Turnout at the 1948 hearings at Kalispell was influenced by extensive flooding then occurring in the Flathead Valley. Exploratory drilling took place in 1944 and 1945 at Glacier View and Foolhen Hill. The project was terminated by a joint memorandum between the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Army on April 11, 1949, but Mansfield introduced an unsuccessful bill later in the year directing the Corps of Engineers to proceed with the dam, stating that the dam "would not affect the beauty of the park in any way but would make it more beautiful by creating a large lake over ground that ... has no scenic attraction." The Corps of Engineers report on the project noted:  The park lands that will be inundated and required for freeboard of 5 feet above normal pool elevation amounts to , or about 1 percent of the total Glacier National Park area. This area does not lie within the rugged, glacier-covered portion of the park for which it is noted, but rather is on the western boundary line, in a little-used valley. The reservoir area is covered with lodge-pole pine, an inferior species of limited use. Other species of pine timber such as ponderosa pine, are predominate above the normal full reservoir and will not be injured by the project. Other lands inundated or required by this project are in private, State and United States Forest Service ownership and hence should be of no concern to the Park Service. Although there would be some effect on the wildlife in the area, the construction of Glacier View Reservoir would inconvenience but relatively few people as it is situated in a sparsely populated area.

Paragraph 12: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 13: During 1980, Orndorff started to split his time between the Alabama and the Mid-South territories, until he left the Alabama territory by the end of 1980 to focus entirely on the Mid-South territory. In Mid-South, Orndorff feuded with Ken Mantell over Mantell's propensity for cutting people's hair after a match. Orndorff got the better of Mantell and won the right to use the Freebird hair removal cream on Mantell. Orndorff earned a shot at the North American champion The Grappler but on the day of the match he overslept (storyline) and was incensed when his replacement Jake "The Snake" Roberts beat the Grappler for the title. Orndorff's reaction to Roberts's title win signaled a change in attitude; he turned heel as he demanded a title match against Roberts. While he lost the support of the fans, he won the North American title on July 4, 1981. Orndorff feuded with Ted DiBiase, JYD, Dusty Rhodes, and Dick Murdoch while holding on to the North American title. Orndorff lost the title to DiBiase on November 1, 1981, in a match at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana. Orndorff was unable to wrestle in the rematch due to car trouble, which meant that Orndorff's friend Bob Roop got the title shot and won the match. It was soon revealed that Roop had sabotaged Orndorff's car so he could get the title shot instead (storyline). Orndorff turned face to feud with Roop but found himself unable to regain the title after which he left the Mid-South Territory.

Paragraph 14: Actions at Albany and Travisville, Ky., September 29, 1861 (Company A). Operations in Wayne and Clinton Counties and at Mill Springs, Ky., November 1861. At Camp Hoskins until December. Operations about Mill Springs December 1–13. Action with Zollicoffer December 2. Moved to Somerset and duty there until January 1862. Battle of Mill Springs January 19–20. Regiment mustered in at Clio, Ky., January 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky.; thence to Nashville, Tenn., February 11-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and Siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville June 1–6. Buell's Campaign in northern Alabama and middle Tennessee June to August. March to Nashville, Tenn.; thence to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg, August 20-September 25. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8 (reserve). March to Lebanon, Ky., and duty there until April 1863. Operations against Morgan December 22, 1862, to January 2, 1863. Moved to Bowling Green, Ky., April 10. Duty there and at Russellville until August. Moved to Camp Nelson and Danville and Join Gen. Burnside. Burnside's march over Cumberland Mountains and Campaign in eastern Tennessee August 16-October 17. Occupation of Knoxville September 3. Watauga River, Blue Springs, October 10. Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23. Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 5. Blain's Cross Roads December 15–16. At Strawberry Plains until January 1864. Regiment veteranized and moved to Louisville, Ky. Veterans on furlough until April 1. At Burnside's Point until May. March to Chattanooga, thence to Burnt Hickory, Ga., May 1–24. Burnt Hickory May 25. Battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Raccoon Bottom June 2. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Burnt Hickory June 13. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cheyney's Farm June 22. Near Marietta June 23. Olley's Farm June 26–27. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 27. Moved to Nashville, thence to Pulaski. Nashville Campaign November–December. Columbia, Duck River, November 24–27. Columbia Ford November 29. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battle of Nashville December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., until January 16. Moved to Washington, D.C.; thence to Federal Point, N. C., January 16-February 9. Operations against Hoke February 12–14. Fort Anderson February 18–19. Town Creek February 19–20. Capture of Wilmington February 22. Campaign of the Carolinas March 1-April 26. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. Duty at Greensboro, N. C., until July.

Paragraph 15: From position AB:72... Ka1 73. Nd1 Ka2 74. Bc2 Ka1 75. Kc3 Ka2 76. Bb3+ Ka1 77. Ne3 Kb1 78. Nc2 Kc1 79. Ba2 Kd1 80. Nd4 Ke1 81. Kd3 Kf2 (position AC) 82. Bd5?White should have played this move in place of the previous move or should now continue the W manoeuvre with 82.Ne2! It looks at first as if the black king might run away with 82...Kf3 or 82...Kg2, but in either case 83.Be6 reins it in again. Playing Bd5 at this stage is six moves slower than continuing the W manoeuvre, but White can still continue to mate in the h1 corner by e.g. Ne6, Bc4 sealing the black king behind the b1–h7 diagonal and leading to Delétang's first net.82... Kg3 83. Ke3After this move, White cannot prevent the black king escaping the b1–h7 diagonal. The black king can play up the g-file to g6 and the white king has no option but to follow with opposition on the e-file to at least e5, otherwise the black king can escape to the third perimeter at f5 or f6.83... Kg4 84. Be4The black king can now escape to f6.84... Kg5 85. Kf3 Kf6 86. Kf4 Kg7 87. Kg5 Kf7 88. Kf5 Kg7 89. Bd5 Kh6 90. Ne6 Kh7 91. Kf6 Kg8 92. Nf4+ Kh8 93. Be4This wastes two moves because the knight needs three moves to reach e7 instead of one to reach g6. White should have immediately started the W manoeuvre along the h8–h1 edge, e.g. 94.Bf7 reproducing the position after White's move 77.93... Kg8 94. Nh3 Kh8 95. Ng5 Kg8 96. Nf7 Kf8 97. Bh7 Ke8 98. Bf5Quickest is to continue the W manoeuvre with Ne5, but White plans to control g8 with knight instead of bishop, which is three moves slower.98... Kf8 99. Nh6 Ke8Now 100.Be6 would seal the king behind the a2–g8 diagonal. White has time to relocate the knight to d3 reaching Delétang's first net.100. Nf7White instead abandons the idea.100... Kf8 101. Ne5 Kg8 102. Ng6On both preceding moves, playing the W manoeuvre along the h8–a8 edge would have been best.102... Kh7 103. Be6White could have reached this position in two moves after move 92.103... Kh6 104. Bg8 Kh5 105. Ne5 Kh4 106. Kf5 Kg3 107. Bc4?Missing a second chance to continue the W manoeuvre with 107.Ng4!. After White missed this opportunity, Black can now with best play stave off checkmate long enough for the 50-move draw to come into effect.

Paragraph 16: On March 2, Sakaguchi formed a new stable, later named Shuten-dōji, with Kudo and Masa Takanashi, based on the three's shared love of alcohol. On May 4, Shuten-dōji defeated Daisuke Sasaki, Kenny Omega and Kota Ibushi to win the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship. They lost the title to Happy Motel (Antonio Honda, Konosuke Takeshita and Tetsuya Endo) in their second defense on July 13. Shuten-dōji, however, regained the title from Happy Motel just seven days later in a three-way match, which also included Team Drift (Keisuke Ishii, Shigehiro Irie and Soma Takao). They lost the title to Team Drift on August 17 at DDT's largest event of the year, Ryogoku Peter Pan 2014. On February 15, 2015, Shuten-dōji won the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship for a record-tying third time, defeating previous champions Genpatsu Daio (Brahman Kei, Brahman Shu and Gorgeous Matsuno). Shuten-dōji then entered a series of matches with Team Drift, where the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship changed hands between the two teams three times in six weeks with Shuten-dōji losing the title on March 1, winning it on March 21, and losing it again on April 11. On June 28, Sakaguchi defeated Konosuke Takeshita in the finals to win the 2015 King of DDT tournament. This led to Sakaguchi defeating stablemate Kudo on August 23 to win the KO-D Openweight Championship for the first time. He lost the title to Isami Kodaka on November 28. On December 11, 2016, Sakaguchi, Kudo and Takanashi defeated Damnation (Daisuke Sasaki, Mad Paulie and Tetsuya Endo) to win the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship for the fifth time. On January 9, 2017, Sakaguchi and Masakatsu Funaki defeated Konosuke Takeshita and Mike Bailey to win the KO-D Tag Team Championship. On January 22, Sakaguchi, Kudo and Takanashi lost the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship to Kazusada Higuchi, Kouki Iwasaki and Mizuki Watase in a three-way match, also involving Antonio Honda, Konosuke Takeshita and Trans-Am★Hiroshi. On April 29, Sakaguchi and Funaki lost the KO-D Tag Team Championship to Danshoku Dino and Yoshihiro Takayama in their third defense. On June 25, Sakaguchi, Kudo and Takanashi won the KO-D 6-Man Tag Team Championship for a record-tying sixth time by defeating NωA (Makoto Oishi, Mao and Shunma Katsumata). They were stripped of the title on October 10, when Kudo was sidelined with a concussion. Following Kudo's return, Shuten-dōji won the title for the seventh time by defeating All Out (Akito, Diego and Konosuke Takeshita) on December 10.

Paragraph 17: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 18: On October 13, 2000 El Oriental defeated Super Crazy to win the UWA World Welterweight Championship, his first AAA promoted championship ever. He held the title until early 2001 when he was forced to vacate the title after being injured during a match. After recovering from his injury El Oriental participated in the 2002 Rey de Reyes tournament, but was eliminated by Cibernético in the opening round. At Triplemania X he was one of six wrestlers who participated in the main event. Each of the six wrestlers bet the hair of a referee on the outcome of the match. El Oriental represented referee Hijo del Tirantes in the match, but was not involved in the finish of the match as Heavy Metal pinned Sangre Chicana. Between late 2002 and mid-2003 El Oriental suffered various injuries that kept him out of the ring for long stretches of time. At the 2003 Guerra de Titanes Cynthia Moreno, El Oriental, Mascarita Sagrada and Pimpinela Escarlata defeated Faby Apache, Gran Apache, Mini Abismo Negro and Polvo de Estrellas in a Relevos Atómicos de locura match (Spanish for "Eight-man madness match"), a match that featured two teams of four, each composed of a male wrestler, a female wrestler, an Exótico wrestler and a Mini-Estrella In the mid-2004 El Oriental's sister Cynthia started a storyline feud with the Apache family, primarily Faby Apache and Gran Apache that would last until 2009. On August 1, 2004 Cynthia and El Oriéntal unsuccessfully challenged for the AAA World Mixed Tag Team Championship, losing to Gran Apache and Faby Apache. The teams would subsequently clash on several occasions, with the Apaches managing to retain the mixed titles each time. In 2005 the Apaches were forced to vacate the Mixed tag team titles, after which AAA held a tournament to crown new champions. Cynthia and El Oriéntal defeated Gran Apache and Tiffany in the semi-final and then defeated Chessman and La Diabólica in a one night tournament at Verano de Escandalo to become the new AAA World Mixed Tag Team Champions. Over the next 779 days Cynthia and El Oriéntal would repeatedly defend the Mixed tag team titles, including defending them on various independent shows. Their reign would come to an end in November, 2007 when they were forced to vacate the championship when Cynthia suffered an injury and was unable to defend the titles. While Cynthia was recuperating from an injury Gran Apache and Mari Apache won the vacant title as well as turning técnicos (good guys) in the process. When Cynthia returned to the ring she and her brother turned rudo (bad guy) when they attacked Gran and Mari Apache after a successful title defense. At the 2008 Verano de Escandalo Oriental and Cynthia Apache regained the AAA World Mix Tag Team Championship from the Apaches, making them the only team to have held the title twice. The Dinastia Moreno's second reign with the tag team titles turned out to be as active as their first, in fact El Oriental once claimed they defended the titles around 150 times, although records do not support such a claim. In mid-2009 Cynthia began appearing less and less on AAA shows, leaving El Oriental free to team up with Kenzo Suzuki and Sugi San to form a trio called La Yakuza, after the Japanese Mafia. The team started out with a series of victories, but were defeated by Los Psycho Circus at the 2009 Verano de Escandalo. Following the event Sugi San left AAA and La Yakuza disbanded. In the fall of 2009 both Cynthia and El Oriéntal left AAA, losing the Mixed Tag Team title to Faby Apache and Aero Star as their last match for AAA.

Paragraph 19: From position AB:72... Ka1 73. Nd1 Ka2 74. Bc2 Ka1 75. Kc3 Ka2 76. Bb3+ Ka1 77. Ne3 Kb1 78. Nc2 Kc1 79. Ba2 Kd1 80. Nd4 Ke1 81. Kd3 Kf2 (position AC) 82. Bd5?White should have played this move in place of the previous move or should now continue the W manoeuvre with 82.Ne2! It looks at first as if the black king might run away with 82...Kf3 or 82...Kg2, but in either case 83.Be6 reins it in again. Playing Bd5 at this stage is six moves slower than continuing the W manoeuvre, but White can still continue to mate in the h1 corner by e.g. Ne6, Bc4 sealing the black king behind the b1–h7 diagonal and leading to Delétang's first net.82... Kg3 83. Ke3After this move, White cannot prevent the black king escaping the b1–h7 diagonal. The black king can play up the g-file to g6 and the white king has no option but to follow with opposition on the e-file to at least e5, otherwise the black king can escape to the third perimeter at f5 or f6.83... Kg4 84. Be4The black king can now escape to f6.84... Kg5 85. Kf3 Kf6 86. Kf4 Kg7 87. Kg5 Kf7 88. Kf5 Kg7 89. Bd5 Kh6 90. Ne6 Kh7 91. Kf6 Kg8 92. Nf4+ Kh8 93. Be4This wastes two moves because the knight needs three moves to reach e7 instead of one to reach g6. White should have immediately started the W manoeuvre along the h8–h1 edge, e.g. 94.Bf7 reproducing the position after White's move 77.93... Kg8 94. Nh3 Kh8 95. Ng5 Kg8 96. Nf7 Kf8 97. Bh7 Ke8 98. Bf5Quickest is to continue the W manoeuvre with Ne5, but White plans to control g8 with knight instead of bishop, which is three moves slower.98... Kf8 99. Nh6 Ke8Now 100.Be6 would seal the king behind the a2–g8 diagonal. White has time to relocate the knight to d3 reaching Delétang's first net.100. Nf7White instead abandons the idea.100... Kf8 101. Ne5 Kg8 102. Ng6On both preceding moves, playing the W manoeuvre along the h8–a8 edge would have been best.102... Kh7 103. Be6White could have reached this position in two moves after move 92.103... Kh6 104. Bg8 Kh5 105. Ne5 Kh4 106. Kf5 Kg3 107. Bc4?Missing a second chance to continue the W manoeuvre with 107.Ng4!. After White missed this opportunity, Black can now with best play stave off checkmate long enough for the 50-move draw to come into effect.

Paragraph 20: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 21: The major and permanent Pennacook towns and villages were built along the major rivers, and many were on the east side of the Merrimack, ostensibly for protection from the west. Life revolved around the seasons, and spring would begin with women collecting maple sap to make maple sugar. Men would return to hunting grounds and burn their grounds to turn over nutrients in the soils for later cultivation. In late spring the rivers and creeks would swell as the great fish like salmon and shad made their way up the Merrimack. Many Pennacook villages were built just above natural waterfalls that trapped fish and made it easier to catch them in the late spring. Fiddlehead season would be followed by others still known today, like blueberry and raspberry seasons. During the summers, families would disperse to summer villages and hunting camps. Women did most of the work of building and maintaining homes as well as farming. Their main crops were varieties of maize/corn and squash, which they planted along rivers and in meadows. While they found it difficult to clear the massive old-growth trees, the Pennacook were experts at manipulating beavers to move their dams and ponds up and down creeks and brooks, thereby clearing and opening up land for farms that would be essential to the first Europeans who arrived and found cleared fields ready for cultivation. Many of these fields were scattered with the bones of the Pennacook who had recently died of smallpox or other diseases. The fall was an important hunting and nut harvesting season (butternuts, hickory nuts, black walnuts, and beech nuts were all tasty, and several southern, fire-resistant species were propagated farther north when possible). The presence of southern, fire-resistant species of nut trees like hickories and black walnuts in New Hampshire today is thanks to the Pennacook. The forests would generally be burned again in the late fall before families returned to the more permanent winter camps to wait out the long winter. In addition to being farmers, hunters, and foragers, it is important to remember that the Pennacook and the peoples of the Merrimack River Valley were also long-distance traders, and their major towns of Pennacook and Amoskeag drew people from around the region in the late spring and summers. For more, see Michael Caduto's 2004 book, A Time Before New Hampshire and the work of David Stewart-Smith.

Paragraph 22: The first gameplay mode is the Arcade mode, where a player controlled character encounters CPU controlled characters in a random or set order which can be entirely customized. There are also three different kinds of Team modes: Single, Simul, and Turns. A fourth mode, Tag, is listed in the EXE along with two related script controllers, but was never used. In Team mode, either side can use any of the team modes. Single is identical to not having a team, Simul gives that side a computer-controlled partner who fights simultaneously, and Turns uses a different character for each round of play, varying through a set number (usually from 2 to 4) of different characters in a row. If set, the characters' starting life will be adjusted according to the number of players on each side. If one side has two characters and the other has only one in one of the Team modes, the two characters that are on the same side will each have half their respective normal maximum life values. Pre-Win M.U.G.E.N versions of the engine could have this feature adjusted or disabled via the options screen or the config file, but due to the nature of the hack, the option has not yet been reactivated. Team Co-op is similar to Simul, except that both human players fight on the same side and at the same time.

Paragraph 23: Zamindar Narayana Pillai (Jandhyala Gaurinatha Sastry) has two daughters Prema & Tara and both learn dance since childhood. Especially Prema is fascinated to it for which Narayana Pillai constructs a theatre and affiliates dance teachers from all over the country. Nagabhushnam (V. K. Ramasamy) is the manager of Narayana Pillai who has two sons Ramakrishnan & Radhakrishnan. Once Ramu throws Prema from the staircase when she becomes a handicap. Knowing it, enraged Narayana Pillai guns on Ramu and he falls into the river. Right now, Narayana Pillai conceals himself, ahead, entrusting his property to Nagabhushnam. Exploiting the situation, Nagabhushnam grabs the authority leaving Prema & Tara as orphans. Years roll by, Prema (Savitri), by hard work studies and also takes care of Tara. Ramu (Gemini ganesh) returns as a huge burglar by the name Krishna. At present, he recognises everyone but hides his identity, acquainted with Prema and their relationship turns into love. Thereafter, Krishna steals a necklace from Nagabhusham and presents it to Prema but unfortunately, she was caught when Krishna affirms himself as a thief. At that moment, Prema loathes him and charges to discard from her life. Meanwhile, Radhakrishnan & Tara fall for each other, being cognizant to it, Nagabhushanam warns Prema and apart Gopal. By the time, Krishna releases rescue Tara from the suicide and assures to perform her marriage with Gopal. Parallelly, Krishna determines to relieve Prema from her disability, so, he picks up the help of his friend Rathnam and to raise the fund he again makes a robbery at Nagabhusham's house. At that point in time, Nagabhusham senses him as split-up son Ramu and gives a police complaint. Until, Prema becomes normal and repents, learning regarding Krishna's daring act. On the other side, Krishna plans to couple up Radhakrishnan & Tara when to seize him Police organises dance program of Prema which she too agrees, on a condition that Nagabhuashanam should quit the case on Krishna. Here wanderer Narayana Pillai also arrives to program and Krishna in disguise. After viewing it, Krishna leaps, successfully accomplishes the marriage of Radhakrishnan & Tara and surrenders himself. Just before, everyone lands at the venue when Krishna is recognised as Ramu by the tattoo on his arm. At last, Nagabhuashanam pleads pardon from Narayana Pillai and pays back his property which he delegates to Ramu. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Ramu & Prema.

Paragraph 24: The Glacier View project was proposed after an earlier proposal by the Corps of Engineers and the Bonneville Power Administration to raise the level of Flathead Lake by increasing the height of Kerr Dam at its outlet was rejected, following local protests.  Located in a relatively unpopulated area, the Glacier View reservoir would have flooded lower Camas Creek and would have raised the level of Logging Lake by , inundating much of the winter range for the park's white-tailed deer, elk, mule deer and moose. The proposed reservoir was to extend nearly to the Canada–US border, at an estimated cost of $94,962,000. The dam was supported by Montana Representative Mike Mansfield and Flathead Valley interests, but was opposed by former Senator Burton K. Wheeler, local ranchers, the National Park Service, the Glacier Park Hotel Company, the Sierra Club, Society of American Foresters and the Audubon Society. Public hearings were held in 1948 and 1949. Turnout at the 1948 hearings at Kalispell was influenced by extensive flooding then occurring in the Flathead Valley. Exploratory drilling took place in 1944 and 1945 at Glacier View and Foolhen Hill. The project was terminated by a joint memorandum between the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Army on April 11, 1949, but Mansfield introduced an unsuccessful bill later in the year directing the Corps of Engineers to proceed with the dam, stating that the dam "would not affect the beauty of the park in any way but would make it more beautiful by creating a large lake over ground that ... has no scenic attraction." The Corps of Engineers report on the project noted:  The park lands that will be inundated and required for freeboard of 5 feet above normal pool elevation amounts to , or about 1 percent of the total Glacier National Park area. This area does not lie within the rugged, glacier-covered portion of the park for which it is noted, but rather is on the western boundary line, in a little-used valley. The reservoir area is covered with lodge-pole pine, an inferior species of limited use. Other species of pine timber such as ponderosa pine, are predominate above the normal full reservoir and will not be injured by the project. Other lands inundated or required by this project are in private, State and United States Forest Service ownership and hence should be of no concern to the Park Service. Although there would be some effect on the wildlife in the area, the construction of Glacier View Reservoir would inconvenience but relatively few people as it is situated in a sparsely populated area.

Paragraph 25: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 26: Actions at Albany and Travisville, Ky., September 29, 1861 (Company A). Operations in Wayne and Clinton Counties and at Mill Springs, Ky., November 1861. At Camp Hoskins until December. Operations about Mill Springs December 1–13. Action with Zollicoffer December 2. Moved to Somerset and duty there until January 1862. Battle of Mill Springs January 19–20. Regiment mustered in at Clio, Ky., January 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky.; thence to Nashville, Tenn., February 11-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and Siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville June 1–6. Buell's Campaign in northern Alabama and middle Tennessee June to August. March to Nashville, Tenn.; thence to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg, August 20-September 25. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8 (reserve). March to Lebanon, Ky., and duty there until April 1863. Operations against Morgan December 22, 1862, to January 2, 1863. Moved to Bowling Green, Ky., April 10. Duty there and at Russellville until August. Moved to Camp Nelson and Danville and Join Gen. Burnside. Burnside's march over Cumberland Mountains and Campaign in eastern Tennessee August 16-October 17. Occupation of Knoxville September 3. Watauga River, Blue Springs, October 10. Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23. Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 5. Blain's Cross Roads December 15–16. At Strawberry Plains until January 1864. Regiment veteranized and moved to Louisville, Ky. Veterans on furlough until April 1. At Burnside's Point until May. March to Chattanooga, thence to Burnt Hickory, Ga., May 1–24. Burnt Hickory May 25. Battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Raccoon Bottom June 2. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Burnt Hickory June 13. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cheyney's Farm June 22. Near Marietta June 23. Olley's Farm June 26–27. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 27. Moved to Nashville, thence to Pulaski. Nashville Campaign November–December. Columbia, Duck River, November 24–27. Columbia Ford November 29. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battle of Nashville December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., until January 16. Moved to Washington, D.C.; thence to Federal Point, N. C., January 16-February 9. Operations against Hoke February 12–14. Fort Anderson February 18–19. Town Creek February 19–20. Capture of Wilmington February 22. Campaign of the Carolinas March 1-April 26. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. Duty at Greensboro, N. C., until July.

Paragraph 27: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 28: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 29: From position AB:72... Ka1 73. Nd1 Ka2 74. Bc2 Ka1 75. Kc3 Ka2 76. Bb3+ Ka1 77. Ne3 Kb1 78. Nc2 Kc1 79. Ba2 Kd1 80. Nd4 Ke1 81. Kd3 Kf2 (position AC) 82. Bd5?White should have played this move in place of the previous move or should now continue the W manoeuvre with 82.Ne2! It looks at first as if the black king might run away with 82...Kf3 or 82...Kg2, but in either case 83.Be6 reins it in again. Playing Bd5 at this stage is six moves slower than continuing the W manoeuvre, but White can still continue to mate in the h1 corner by e.g. Ne6, Bc4 sealing the black king behind the b1–h7 diagonal and leading to Delétang's first net.82... Kg3 83. Ke3After this move, White cannot prevent the black king escaping the b1–h7 diagonal. The black king can play up the g-file to g6 and the white king has no option but to follow with opposition on the e-file to at least e5, otherwise the black king can escape to the third perimeter at f5 or f6.83... Kg4 84. Be4The black king can now escape to f6.84... Kg5 85. Kf3 Kf6 86. Kf4 Kg7 87. Kg5 Kf7 88. Kf5 Kg7 89. Bd5 Kh6 90. Ne6 Kh7 91. Kf6 Kg8 92. Nf4+ Kh8 93. Be4This wastes two moves because the knight needs three moves to reach e7 instead of one to reach g6. White should have immediately started the W manoeuvre along the h8–h1 edge, e.g. 94.Bf7 reproducing the position after White's move 77.93... Kg8 94. Nh3 Kh8 95. Ng5 Kg8 96. Nf7 Kf8 97. Bh7 Ke8 98. Bf5Quickest is to continue the W manoeuvre with Ne5, but White plans to control g8 with knight instead of bishop, which is three moves slower.98... Kf8 99. Nh6 Ke8Now 100.Be6 would seal the king behind the a2–g8 diagonal. White has time to relocate the knight to d3 reaching Delétang's first net.100. Nf7White instead abandons the idea.100... Kf8 101. Ne5 Kg8 102. Ng6On both preceding moves, playing the W manoeuvre along the h8–a8 edge would have been best.102... Kh7 103. Be6White could have reached this position in two moves after move 92.103... Kh6 104. Bg8 Kh5 105. Ne5 Kh4 106. Kf5 Kg3 107. Bc4?Missing a second chance to continue the W manoeuvre with 107.Ng4!. After White missed this opportunity, Black can now with best play stave off checkmate long enough for the 50-move draw to come into effect.

Paragraph 30: After starting a band with his children, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. became the group's manager and began promoting it. The group recorded an album with Freddie Records in 1984, though it was never released. Abraham provided two demos to Charlie Grever, father of Bob Grever owner of Cara Records, who signed then-thirteen year old Selena to the recording label. Manny Guerra, who separated from Cara Records, started his own record label. Guerra wanted to sign Selena to his recording label in 1985. Guerra dissolved the agreement between Cara Records and Selena when it was brought to his attention. Selena recorded five LP records for Manny's GP Productions by 1988, without a contract. Abraham expressed in an interview how he forgot to sign it, and noticed how Guerra stopped asking him about the contract after Selena became more popular. At the 1989 Tejano Music Awards, Selena was approached by Rick Trevino to be the opening act after La Sombra declined the offer. Jose Behar of newly formed EMI Latin and the heads of Sony Music attended the awards ceremony and were scouting for new acts. Behar wanted to sign Selena to his label, while Sony Music was offering twice EMI's offer. Behar believed he had discovered "the next Gloria Estefan", which his superior called him illogical since he had only been in Texas for a week. Abraham chose EMI Latin's offer because of the potential for a crossover, and he wanted his children to be the first musicians to sign with the company. Before Selena began recording her debut album, Behar and Stephen Finfer requested a crossover album for her. The singer recorded three English-language songs for the heads of EMI's pop division. Behar and Finfer's request for a crossover album was denied and Selena was told she needed a bigger fan base to sell such an album. Behar thought EMI Records and the public did not believe that a Mexican-American woman could have "crossover potential" after Charles Koppelman denied the project. The company believed Selena had potential in Mexico and South American markets when they signed the singer in 1989.

Paragraph 31: Actions at Albany and Travisville, Ky., September 29, 1861 (Company A). Operations in Wayne and Clinton Counties and at Mill Springs, Ky., November 1861. At Camp Hoskins until December. Operations about Mill Springs December 1–13. Action with Zollicoffer December 2. Moved to Somerset and duty there until January 1862. Battle of Mill Springs January 19–20. Regiment mustered in at Clio, Ky., January 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky.; thence to Nashville, Tenn., February 11-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and Siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville June 1–6. Buell's Campaign in northern Alabama and middle Tennessee June to August. March to Nashville, Tenn.; thence to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg, August 20-September 25. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8 (reserve). March to Lebanon, Ky., and duty there until April 1863. Operations against Morgan December 22, 1862, to January 2, 1863. Moved to Bowling Green, Ky., April 10. Duty there and at Russellville until August. Moved to Camp Nelson and Danville and Join Gen. Burnside. Burnside's march over Cumberland Mountains and Campaign in eastern Tennessee August 16-October 17. Occupation of Knoxville September 3. Watauga River, Blue Springs, October 10. Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23. Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 5. Blain's Cross Roads December 15–16. At Strawberry Plains until January 1864. Regiment veteranized and moved to Louisville, Ky. Veterans on furlough until April 1. At Burnside's Point until May. March to Chattanooga, thence to Burnt Hickory, Ga., May 1–24. Burnt Hickory May 25. Battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Raccoon Bottom June 2. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Burnt Hickory June 13. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cheyney's Farm June 22. Near Marietta June 23. Olley's Farm June 26–27. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 27. Moved to Nashville, thence to Pulaski. Nashville Campaign November–December. Columbia, Duck River, November 24–27. Columbia Ford November 29. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battle of Nashville December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., until January 16. Moved to Washington, D.C.; thence to Federal Point, N. C., January 16-February 9. Operations against Hoke February 12–14. Fort Anderson February 18–19. Town Creek February 19–20. Capture of Wilmington February 22. Campaign of the Carolinas March 1-April 26. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. Duty at Greensboro, N. C., until July.

Paragraph 32: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 33: were rebellious or autonomous groups of people that were formed in several regions of Japan in the 15th-16th centuries; backed up by the power of the Jōdo Shinshū sect of Buddhism, they opposed the rule of governors or daimyō. Mainly consisting of priests, peasants, merchants and local lords who followed the sect, they sometimes associated with non-followers of the sect. They were at first organized to only a small degree; if any single person could be said to have had any influence over them it was Rennyo, the leader of the Jōdo Shinshū Hongan-ji sect at that time.  Whilst he may have used the religious fervour of the Ikkō-ikki in the defence of his temple settlements, he was also careful to distance himself from the wider social rebellion of the Ikkō movement as a whole, and from offensive violence in particular.

Paragraph 34: were rebellious or autonomous groups of people that were formed in several regions of Japan in the 15th-16th centuries; backed up by the power of the Jōdo Shinshū sect of Buddhism, they opposed the rule of governors or daimyō. Mainly consisting of priests, peasants, merchants and local lords who followed the sect, they sometimes associated with non-followers of the sect. They were at first organized to only a small degree; if any single person could be said to have had any influence over them it was Rennyo, the leader of the Jōdo Shinshū Hongan-ji sect at that time.  Whilst he may have used the religious fervour of the Ikkō-ikki in the defence of his temple settlements, he was also careful to distance himself from the wider social rebellion of the Ikkō movement as a whole, and from offensive violence in particular.

Paragraph 35: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 36: During 1980, Orndorff started to split his time between the Alabama and the Mid-South territories, until he left the Alabama territory by the end of 1980 to focus entirely on the Mid-South territory. In Mid-South, Orndorff feuded with Ken Mantell over Mantell's propensity for cutting people's hair after a match. Orndorff got the better of Mantell and won the right to use the Freebird hair removal cream on Mantell. Orndorff earned a shot at the North American champion The Grappler but on the day of the match he overslept (storyline) and was incensed when his replacement Jake "The Snake" Roberts beat the Grappler for the title. Orndorff's reaction to Roberts's title win signaled a change in attitude; he turned heel as he demanded a title match against Roberts. While he lost the support of the fans, he won the North American title on July 4, 1981. Orndorff feuded with Ted DiBiase, JYD, Dusty Rhodes, and Dick Murdoch while holding on to the North American title. Orndorff lost the title to DiBiase on November 1, 1981, in a match at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana. Orndorff was unable to wrestle in the rematch due to car trouble, which meant that Orndorff's friend Bob Roop got the title shot and won the match. It was soon revealed that Roop had sabotaged Orndorff's car so he could get the title shot instead (storyline). Orndorff turned face to feud with Roop but found himself unable to regain the title after which he left the Mid-South Territory.

Paragraph 37: were rebellious or autonomous groups of people that were formed in several regions of Japan in the 15th-16th centuries; backed up by the power of the Jōdo Shinshū sect of Buddhism, they opposed the rule of governors or daimyō. Mainly consisting of priests, peasants, merchants and local lords who followed the sect, they sometimes associated with non-followers of the sect. They were at first organized to only a small degree; if any single person could be said to have had any influence over them it was Rennyo, the leader of the Jōdo Shinshū Hongan-ji sect at that time.  Whilst he may have used the religious fervour of the Ikkō-ikki in the defence of his temple settlements, he was also careful to distance himself from the wider social rebellion of the Ikkō movement as a whole, and from offensive violence in particular.

Paragraph 38: Actions at Albany and Travisville, Ky., September 29, 1861 (Company A). Operations in Wayne and Clinton Counties and at Mill Springs, Ky., November 1861. At Camp Hoskins until December. Operations about Mill Springs December 1–13. Action with Zollicoffer December 2. Moved to Somerset and duty there until January 1862. Battle of Mill Springs January 19–20. Regiment mustered in at Clio, Ky., January 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky.; thence to Nashville, Tenn., February 11-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and Siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville June 1–6. Buell's Campaign in northern Alabama and middle Tennessee June to August. March to Nashville, Tenn.; thence to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg, August 20-September 25. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8 (reserve). March to Lebanon, Ky., and duty there until April 1863. Operations against Morgan December 22, 1862, to January 2, 1863. Moved to Bowling Green, Ky., April 10. Duty there and at Russellville until August. Moved to Camp Nelson and Danville and Join Gen. Burnside. Burnside's march over Cumberland Mountains and Campaign in eastern Tennessee August 16-October 17. Occupation of Knoxville September 3. Watauga River, Blue Springs, October 10. Knoxville Campaign November 4-December 23. Siege of Knoxville November 17-December 5. Blain's Cross Roads December 15–16. At Strawberry Plains until January 1864. Regiment veteranized and moved to Louisville, Ky. Veterans on furlough until April 1. At Burnside's Point until May. March to Chattanooga, thence to Burnt Hickory, Ga., May 1–24. Burnt Hickory May 25. Battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Raccoon Bottom June 2. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Burnt Hickory June 13. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cheyney's Farm June 22. Near Marietta June 23. Olley's Farm June 26–27. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Nickajack Creek July 2–5. Chattahoochie River July 6–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Lovejoy's Station September 2–6. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. Cedar Bluff, Ala., October 27. Moved to Nashville, thence to Pulaski. Nashville Campaign November–December. Columbia, Duck River, November 24–27. Columbia Ford November 29. Battle of Franklin November 30. Battle of Nashville December 15–16. Pursuit of Hood to the Tennessee River December 17–28. At Clifton, Tenn., until January 16. Moved to Washington, D.C.; thence to Federal Point, N. C., January 16-February 9. Operations against Hoke February 12–14. Fort Anderson February 18–19. Town Creek February 19–20. Capture of Wilmington February 22. Campaign of the Carolinas March 1-April 26. Advance on Goldsboro March 6–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 21. Advance on Raleigh April 10–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. Duty at Greensboro, N. C., until July.

Paragraph 39: were rebellious or autonomous groups of people that were formed in several regions of Japan in the 15th-16th centuries; backed up by the power of the Jōdo Shinshū sect of Buddhism, they opposed the rule of governors or daimyō. Mainly consisting of priests, peasants, merchants and local lords who followed the sect, they sometimes associated with non-followers of the sect. They were at first organized to only a small degree; if any single person could be said to have had any influence over them it was Rennyo, the leader of the Jōdo Shinshū Hongan-ji sect at that time.  Whilst he may have used the religious fervour of the Ikkō-ikki in the defence of his temple settlements, he was also careful to distance himself from the wider social rebellion of the Ikkō movement as a whole, and from offensive violence in particular.

Paragraph 40: During his years in Boston, he formed "Bostonian Friends", a musical partnership with Swiss saxophonist Fritz Renold, which produced jazz recordings ("Starlight" 1996) and classical commissions ("The 6 Cycles" with the Thai Symphony Orchestra 1999, and "Helvetic Suite" 1998). Although having renounced the classical performing circuit for jazz, Jacob has maintained ties with the classical world through projects such as these commissioned works. Renold introduced Jacob to the Swiss Youth Jazz Orchestra, for which he was an arranger and educator throughout the 1990s. From 1992 to 1994, Jacob also served as Director in Residence of the "Orchestre Regional Jazz de Lorraine" in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, and composed their inaugural commission.

Paragraph 41: After starting a band with his children, Abraham Quintanilla, Jr. became the group's manager and began promoting it. The group recorded an album with Freddie Records in 1984, though it was never released. Abraham provided two demos to Charlie Grever, father of Bob Grever owner of Cara Records, who signed then-thirteen year old Selena to the recording label. Manny Guerra, who separated from Cara Records, started his own record label. Guerra wanted to sign Selena to his recording label in 1985. Guerra dissolved the agreement between Cara Records and Selena when it was brought to his attention. Selena recorded five LP records for Manny's GP Productions by 1988, without a contract. Abraham expressed in an interview how he forgot to sign it, and noticed how Guerra stopped asking him about the contract after Selena became more popular. At the 1989 Tejano Music Awards, Selena was approached by Rick Trevino to be the opening act after La Sombra declined the offer. Jose Behar of newly formed EMI Latin and the heads of Sony Music attended the awards ceremony and were scouting for new acts. Behar wanted to sign Selena to his label, while Sony Music was offering twice EMI's offer. Behar believed he had discovered "the next Gloria Estefan", which his superior called him illogical since he had only been in Texas for a week. Abraham chose EMI Latin's offer because of the potential for a crossover, and he wanted his children to be the first musicians to sign with the company. Before Selena began recording her debut album, Behar and Stephen Finfer requested a crossover album for her. The singer recorded three English-language songs for the heads of EMI's pop division. Behar and Finfer's request for a crossover album was denied and Selena was told she needed a bigger fan base to sell such an album. Behar thought EMI Records and the public did not believe that a Mexican-American woman could have "crossover potential" after Charles Koppelman denied the project. The company believed Selena had potential in Mexico and South American markets when they signed the singer in 1989.

Paragraph 42: Media representatives were invited to live tapings, for instance Christine Rau of The Age, which she referred to in her March 29, 1992 article. Badler recalled a journalist interviewing her while watching the show and that "he was so involved in trying to guess...that is almost forgot to interview me". The main cast kept secret how many murders they committed when being interviewed by the press, however infrequently a solution was prematurely insinuated, for example The Herald-Sun revealed a rockstar's death was "felled by heavy metal of a different kind", referring to a tuning fork. While Ferris admitted her character had a shady past and was capable of committing murder, though refused to divulge any plots or whodunnit solutions. For the UK version, in July 1990, Judy Finnegan and Richard Madeley present on their mid-morning magazine show This Morning with a special feature on the filming of Cluedo. Sometimes the guest panelists would receive featres in the newspaper, for instance private investigator Robert Kettle in Liverpool Echo.; this newspaper also printed Cluedo grids for readers to play along with the show.Cluedo premiered on June 10 on the Nine Network's TCN and GTV television stations, WIN Television network's VTV station, and on NBN station in the Hunter Region under the banner Crawford Action Time in conjunction with Nine Network. The Sydney Morning Herald's Cockington thought the series was the next "big gun" for the network, which had been "slaughtering the opposition in the 1992 ratings". The newspaper's Robin Oliver agreed that at the time Nine was a "strategic high-flyer" and had used the detective series to "build its program schedule". McFadyen hoped viewers would get used to watching the show, in a similar way to how the board game had entered public consciousness. The show's board game origins were often referred to; People described it as "the board game that became a series". The show helped Nine Network comply with the Australian Broadcasting Authority's Television Program Standard which aimed to increase transmission of Australian content and first run drama programs.The Sydney Morning Herald thought Cluedo could be a huge ratings winner due to the public's fascination with murder. The Canberra Times wrote in June that "assuming Cluedo works, ratings wise, we shouldn't really expect any major changes to the show." Channel Nine expected to attract around 3 million viewers.The Sun-Herald predicted the series would cause a ripple effect for Parker Brothers which distributes the board game in Australia, noting a 23% increase for the British edition when their version of the game show aired. The Sun-Herald thought that in addition to the studio audience, thousands of people would take part from their lounge rooms. By March, it was anticipated the one hour show would air on weeknights at 7:30pm. Though the series was originally expected to air in April, the 13 episodes of the first series began airing on the Nine Network on 10 June 1992. It was the third of Nine's new prime-time programs.

Paragraph 43: The major and permanent Pennacook towns and villages were built along the major rivers, and many were on the east side of the Merrimack, ostensibly for protection from the west. Life revolved around the seasons, and spring would begin with women collecting maple sap to make maple sugar. Men would return to hunting grounds and burn their grounds to turn over nutrients in the soils for later cultivation. In late spring the rivers and creeks would swell as the great fish like salmon and shad made their way up the Merrimack. Many Pennacook villages were built just above natural waterfalls that trapped fish and made it easier to catch them in the late spring. Fiddlehead season would be followed by others still known today, like blueberry and raspberry seasons. During the summers, families would disperse to summer villages and hunting camps. Women did most of the work of building and maintaining homes as well as farming. Their main crops were varieties of maize/corn and squash, which they planted along rivers and in meadows. While they found it difficult to clear the massive old-growth trees, the Pennacook were experts at manipulating beavers to move their dams and ponds up and down creeks and brooks, thereby clearing and opening up land for farms that would be essential to the first Europeans who arrived and found cleared fields ready for cultivation. Many of these fields were scattered with the bones of the Pennacook who had recently died of smallpox or other diseases. The fall was an important hunting and nut harvesting season (butternuts, hickory nuts, black walnuts, and beech nuts were all tasty, and several southern, fire-resistant species were propagated farther north when possible). The presence of southern, fire-resistant species of nut trees like hickories and black walnuts in New Hampshire today is thanks to the Pennacook. The forests would generally be burned again in the late fall before families returned to the more permanent winter camps to wait out the long winter. In addition to being farmers, hunters, and foragers, it is important to remember that the Pennacook and the peoples of the Merrimack River Valley were also long-distance traders, and their major towns of Pennacook and Amoskeag drew people from around the region in the late spring and summers. For more, see Michael Caduto's 2004 book, A Time Before New Hampshire and the work of David Stewart-Smith.

Paragraph 44: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 45: From position AB:72... Ka1 73. Nd1 Ka2 74. Bc2 Ka1 75. Kc3 Ka2 76. Bb3+ Ka1 77. Ne3 Kb1 78. Nc2 Kc1 79. Ba2 Kd1 80. Nd4 Ke1 81. Kd3 Kf2 (position AC) 82. Bd5?White should have played this move in place of the previous move or should now continue the W manoeuvre with 82.Ne2! It looks at first as if the black king might run away with 82...Kf3 or 82...Kg2, but in either case 83.Be6 reins it in again. Playing Bd5 at this stage is six moves slower than continuing the W manoeuvre, but White can still continue to mate in the h1 corner by e.g. Ne6, Bc4 sealing the black king behind the b1–h7 diagonal and leading to Delétang's first net.82... Kg3 83. Ke3After this move, White cannot prevent the black king escaping the b1–h7 diagonal. The black king can play up the g-file to g6 and the white king has no option but to follow with opposition on the e-file to at least e5, otherwise the black king can escape to the third perimeter at f5 or f6.83... Kg4 84. Be4The black king can now escape to f6.84... Kg5 85. Kf3 Kf6 86. Kf4 Kg7 87. Kg5 Kf7 88. Kf5 Kg7 89. Bd5 Kh6 90. Ne6 Kh7 91. Kf6 Kg8 92. Nf4+ Kh8 93. Be4This wastes two moves because the knight needs three moves to reach e7 instead of one to reach g6. White should have immediately started the W manoeuvre along the h8–h1 edge, e.g. 94.Bf7 reproducing the position after White's move 77.93... Kg8 94. Nh3 Kh8 95. Ng5 Kg8 96. Nf7 Kf8 97. Bh7 Ke8 98. Bf5Quickest is to continue the W manoeuvre with Ne5, but White plans to control g8 with knight instead of bishop, which is three moves slower.98... Kf8 99. Nh6 Ke8Now 100.Be6 would seal the king behind the a2–g8 diagonal. White has time to relocate the knight to d3 reaching Delétang's first net.100. Nf7White instead abandons the idea.100... Kf8 101. Ne5 Kg8 102. Ng6On both preceding moves, playing the W manoeuvre along the h8–a8 edge would have been best.102... Kh7 103. Be6White could have reached this position in two moves after move 92.103... Kh6 104. Bg8 Kh5 105. Ne5 Kh4 106. Kf5 Kg3 107. Bc4?Missing a second chance to continue the W manoeuvre with 107.Ng4!. After White missed this opportunity, Black can now with best play stave off checkmate long enough for the 50-move draw to come into effect.

Paragraph 46: The first gameplay mode is the Arcade mode, where a player controlled character encounters CPU controlled characters in a random or set order which can be entirely customized. There are also three different kinds of Team modes: Single, Simul, and Turns. A fourth mode, Tag, is listed in the EXE along with two related script controllers, but was never used. In Team mode, either side can use any of the team modes. Single is identical to not having a team, Simul gives that side a computer-controlled partner who fights simultaneously, and Turns uses a different character for each round of play, varying through a set number (usually from 2 to 4) of different characters in a row. If set, the characters' starting life will be adjusted according to the number of players on each side. If one side has two characters and the other has only one in one of the Team modes, the two characters that are on the same side will each have half their respective normal maximum life values. Pre-Win M.U.G.E.N versions of the engine could have this feature adjusted or disabled via the options screen or the config file, but due to the nature of the hack, the option has not yet been reactivated. Team Co-op is similar to Simul, except that both human players fight on the same side and at the same time.

Paragraph 47: During 1980, Orndorff started to split his time between the Alabama and the Mid-South territories, until he left the Alabama territory by the end of 1980 to focus entirely on the Mid-South territory. In Mid-South, Orndorff feuded with Ken Mantell over Mantell's propensity for cutting people's hair after a match. Orndorff got the better of Mantell and won the right to use the Freebird hair removal cream on Mantell. Orndorff earned a shot at the North American champion The Grappler but on the day of the match he overslept (storyline) and was incensed when his replacement Jake "The Snake" Roberts beat the Grappler for the title. Orndorff's reaction to Roberts's title win signaled a change in attitude; he turned heel as he demanded a title match against Roberts. While he lost the support of the fans, he won the North American title on July 4, 1981. Orndorff feuded with Ted DiBiase, JYD, Dusty Rhodes, and Dick Murdoch while holding on to the North American title. Orndorff lost the title to DiBiase on November 1, 1981, in a match at the Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana. Orndorff was unable to wrestle in the rematch due to car trouble, which meant that Orndorff's friend Bob Roop got the title shot and won the match. It was soon revealed that Roop had sabotaged Orndorff's car so he could get the title shot instead (storyline). Orndorff turned face to feud with Roop but found himself unable to regain the title after which he left the Mid-South Territory.