Paragraph 1: The Union Brigade was composed of three regiments of heavy cavalry, one English (The Royal Dragoons), one Scottish The Scots Greys and one Irish (the Inniskillings), hence their brigade title. The Inniskillings were commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Joseph Muter, who was wounded during the battle and took charge of the Brigade on the death of Major-General Sir William Ponsonby."The Union Cavalry Brigade was now ordered forward. The 6th/Inniskilling Dragoons passed through the ranks of the Royal Scots and the Black Watch, and the Royal Dragoons, further to the right, went through the 28th Foot and passed the right flank of the Royal Scots. The Greys, who had been in a theoretical reserve position, according to W. A. Thorburn, late curator at the National War Museum of Scotland, "moved straight to their front, which took them through the ranks of the Gordons. The head of the French Division was now only 20 yards away and the Greys simply walked into the 1st/45th Infantry of the Line. There was no gallop and no charge." It is clear from the French report that they did not expect to see British cavalry materializing through the ranks of the British infantry. When the cavalry hit them, the 45th were in the act of forming line, and their 1st battalion was at once thrown into violent confusion, already shaken by the fire of the 92nd.  The regimental eagles were carried by the 1st battalion of all French infantry regiments, and in a few minutes the Greys were in the midst of the battalion, at which stage Sergeant Charles Ewart of Captain Vernor's troop captured the eagle of the 45th. He was ordered to take it to the rear, which he reluctantly did, but sat on his horse for sometime watching the engagement before finally setting off for Brussels with his trophy. The rest of the French columns believed what they saw could only be an advance guard, and were now under the mistaken impression that they were being attacked by large numbers of cavalry. The Royal Dragoons and 6th/Inniskilling Dragoons charged Donzelot's Division and the Eagle of the 105th Regiment was taken by the Royal Dragoons. These were the only two Eagles captured during the entire Waterloo campaign.  At this point the divisions of Marcognet and Donzelot were not completely shaken, although contrary to romantic legend, the Union Brigade did not, and could not, defeat an Army Corps of some 16,900 infantry on their own. Having carried out a highly successful defensive action in support of infantry, the Union Brigade lost all cohesion and refused to recognize or hear any orders. The Greys were given the recall several times but were so out of hand that no notice was taken. Instead they went off on a wild rampage down the interval between the French Divisions, NOT through the troops themselves; many Greys were shot by the surprised and somewhat bewildered rear French battalions, who were still advancing, unaware of the confusion on their own front, or of the defeat of their leading brigade. In fact, the French infantry, expecting what they thought must be the main cavalry attack (by their own massive standards), finally brought themselves to halt, made an effort to form to receive Cavalry, and finally fell back in considerable confusion."

Paragraph 2: In his first term on the Court, Binnie participated in the Quebec Secession Reference (1998). In his 2019 autobiography, former Supreme Court judge Michel Bastarache revealed that the drafters of the "By the Court" judgement in the Quebec Secession Reference 1998 consisted of Gonthier, Binnie and Bastarache. [Michel Bastarache, Ce Que Je Voudrais Dire a Mes Enflants, Les Presses de l'Universite d'Ottawa 2019 at p 206]. In R v Campbell [1999] 1 SCR 565 Binnie wrote for the Court that in prosecutorial decisions the police are independent of political direction or control. In Whiten v Pilot Insurance [2002] 1 SCR 595, 2002 SCC 18, Binnie wrote for the court developed the principles governing an award of punitive damages in upholding a jury award of a $1 million punitive damages against an insurance company for bad faith rejection of a householder's fire insurance claim.  Canada (House of Commons) v Vaid [2005] 1 SCR 667, 2005 SCC 30 addressed the limits of Parliamentary privilege. During his almost 14 years on the Court Binnie wrote a number of leading decisions on aboriginal rights including R. v. Marshall [1999] 3 SCR 456 which vindicated the treaty right of the Micmac people to gain a reasonable livelihood by fishing, Mikisew Cree First Nation v Canada ( Minister of Canadian Heritage) [2005] 2 SCR 388, 2005 SCC 69, upholding constitutional protection for treaty rights and Lax Kw'alaams Indian Band v Canada (Attorney General) [2011] 3 SCR 535, 2011 SCC 56. which rejected a claimed aboriginal right to the commercial fishery in northwest British Columbia. Other judgments concerned freedom of religion [Syndicat Northcrest v Anselem [2004] 2 SCR 551, 2004 SCC 47, ] intellectual property [Free World Trust v Electro-Sante Inc [2000] 2 SCR 1024, 2000 SCC 66; Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin v Boutiques Cliquot Ltee [2006] 1 SCR 824, 2006 SCC 23) arbitration law (Seidel v TELUS Communications Inc [2011] 1 SCR 531, 2011 SCC 15,) language rights (R v Caron [2011] 1 SCR 78, 2011 SCC 5) the environment ( British Columbia v Canadian Forest Products Ltd [2004] 2 SCR 74, 2004 SCC 38) and journalistic privilege (R v National Post [ 2010] 1 SCR 477; 2010 SCC 16 ).

Paragraph 3: Residents of villages including Madhoganj, Jaisingh Pura and Raja ka Bazaar were evicted to clear the area for the construction of Connaught Place and the development of its nearby areas. The villages were once situated along the historic Qutb Road, the main road connecting Shahjahanabad, the walled city of Delhi (now known as Old Delhi) to Qutb Minar in South Delhi city since the Mughal era. The displaced people have relocated in Karol Bagh to the west, a rocky area populated only by trees and wild bushes. However, three structures were spared demolition.  These were Hanuman temple, a Jain temple in Jaisinghpura and the Jantar Mantar.

Paragraph 4: Shore stations called Affray all day and HMS Agincourt led a fleet of search vessels which eventually totalled 24 ships from four nations. The Portland 2nd Training Flotilla which included HMS Tintagel Castle, Flint Castle, , and ASDIC (sonar) trials vessel Helmsdale, left Portland. Also out of Portland, they were joined by the submarines HMS Scorcher, Scythian, and Sirdar all flying large white flags to distinguish them from the missing Affray. Sirdar later sat on the bottom for six hours while the ASDIC boats familiarised themselves with the identification of a submarine sitting on the bottom. The codeword 'SUBMISS' was sent to all ships in the NATO navies to notify them of the fact the Affray was missing and all other Amphion-class boats were confined to port pending investigation as to what happened to their missing sister. At the time Affray went missing it was such big news in Britain it relegated the first events that culminated in the Suez Crisis to page two of the national newspapers. There was some urgency in the initial 48 hours of the search as it was estimated the crew would not survive much longer than this if they had survived whatever had sunk the submarine in the first place. During the search a Morse code signal (via tapping on the submarine hull) had been received by two of the searching ships, reading "We are trapped on the bottom", but this did not help in locating the sub. Differing accounts however state that a tapping, initially believed to be from the trapped crew, was heard, but after later investigation was ruled by the admiralty to be from other ships involved in the search. After three days the search was slowed down and fewer ships were used to locate Affray. In Britain, the missing submarine was getting a lot of publicity. Rumours abounded of mutiny, and even seizure by the Russians. Meanwhile the Royal Navy continued its search. During the search many strange things happened, including that the wife of a skipper of one of Affray'''s sister submarines claimed to have seen a ghost in a dripping wet submarine officer's uniform telling her the location of the sunken sub (this position later turned out to be correct)— she recognised him as an officer who had died during the Second World War, not a crew member of Affray. As there were so many shipwrecks littering the English Channel (161 were found, most of them sunk during the Second World War), it was almost two months before Affray was located.

Paragraph 5: There are the ruins of a hunting lodge, or grange, for the Prior of Durham, which is a listed building. The monastic grange was built for the priors of Durham by Prior Hugh of Darlington, while he held office between 1258 and 1272, on what is thought to have been the site of an earlier grange. The grange lay within a deer park, which Prior Hugh was granted permission to enclose in 1259. The buildings of the grange were in use throughout the medieval period; a document of 1464 records that the buildings consisted of a hall, chapel, grange and a dairy. The names Priory Farm and Grange Farm testify to the influence of Durham as do the stone remains of the grange including a wall suggesting a three-storey building, described as "impressive" by Pevsner.

Paragraph 6: In response to Jäckel's first article, Irving announced that he had seen a document from 1942 proving that Hitler had ordered the Holocaust not to occur, but that the document was now "lost". Jäckel wrote that he had "easily" discovered the "lost" document, in which the head of the Reich Chancellery, Hans Lammers, wrote to the Justice Minister Franz Schlegelberger that Hitler ordered him to put the "Jewish Question" on the "back-burner" until after the war. Jäckel noted the document concerned was the result of a meeting between Lammers and Schlegelberger on 10 April 1942 concerning amendments to the divorce law concerning German Jews and Mischlinge Jäckel commented that in 1942, there was a division of labour between the representatives of the Rechtsstaat (Law State) and the Polizeistaat (Police State) in Nazi Germany. Jäckel argued that for the representatives of the Rechtsstaat like the Ministry of Justice, the "Final Solution" was a bureaucratic process to deprive Jews of their civil rights and to isolate them, whereas for representatives of Polizeistaat like the SS, the "Final Solution" was genocide. Jäckel argued that Hitler's order to Lammers to tell Schlegelberger to wait until after the war before concerning him about the "impracticable" details of the divorce laws between German Jews and "Aryans" was simply Hitler's way of putting Schlegelberger off. Jäckel maintained that since Hitler expected to win the war, and to complete the "Final Solution to the Jewish Question" by killing every single Jew in the world, Hitler would have had no interest in amending the divorce law to make it easier for those in mixed marriages to divorce their Jewish or Mischlinge spouses. Moreover, Jäckel noted that Hitler disliked dealing with the officials of the Justice Ministry, and Schlegelberger in particular. Hitler was to sack him as Justice Minister later in 1942, so it was understandable that Hitler would not want to see Schlegelberger. Jäckel ended his essay arguing that the "lost" document in no way proved that Hitler was unaware of the Holocaust, and accused Irving of deceitfulness in claiming otherwise.

Paragraph 7: The Jackal is an alias used by several supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually depicted as enemies of the superhero Spider-Man. The original and best known incarnation, Miles Warren, was originally introduced in The Amazing Spider-Man #31 (December 1965) as a professor at the fictional Empire State University. Later storylines established him as also being a scientist researching genetics and biochemistry, and revealed an unhealthy romantic obsession he had for Gwen Stacy. Warren was driven mad with grief and jealousy so he created his Jackal alter-ego to seek revenge on Spider-Man, whom he blamed for Gwen's tragic death. To this end, he trained himself in martial arts, and created a green suit and gauntlets with claw-like razors. Although the Jackal initially didn't possess any superpowers, he later gained enhanced strength, speed and agility by mixing his genes with those of a jackal.  

Paragraph 8: On November 18, Elgin won the 2011 Survival of the Fittest tournament. He won a four-corner survival match against Kenny King, Adam Cole, and Tommaso Ciampa to advance to the tournament final, a six-man elimination match, in which he last eliminated Kyle O'Reilly to win the tournament and a guaranteed ROH World Championship match. At the Showdown in the Sun pay-per-view on March 31, 2012, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Davey Richards for the ROH World Championship. The match was later given a five-star rating by Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter. Elgin later defeated fellow break-out star Adam Cole at Border Wars, in his hometown of Toronto. On July 20, ROH announced that Elgin had signed a long-term contract extension with the promotion. After months of teasing dissension between Elgin and the rest of the House of Truth, Elgin finally turned on the faction on September 16 at Death Before Dishonor X: State of Emergency by attacking Roderick Strong. At the following internet pay-per-view, Glory By Honor XI: The Unbreakable Hope on October 13, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Kevin Steen for the ROH World Championship. After the match, Elgin was attacked by Roderick Strong. The attack led to a match on December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, where Elgin was defeated by Strong, following interference from Truth Martini. On March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show, Elgin defeated Strong in a two out of three falls match, during which Martini was banned from ringside. On April 6, at Supercard of Honor VII, Elgin defeated Jay Lethal to become the number one contender to the ROH World Championship. Before Elgin got his title shot however, the ROH World Championship was vacated and he was entered in the tournament to determine the new champion. In August, Elgin defeated Paul London and Karl Anderson to advance to the semifinals of the tournament. The following month, at Death Before Dishonor XI, Elgin defeated Kevin Steen to make it to the finals of the tournament, where he was defeated by Adam Cole. On October 26 at Glory By Honor XII, Elgin earned himself another shot at the ROH World Championship by pinning Cole to win a four-on-four elimination tag team match between ROH's champions and their top contenders. Elgin received his title shot on December 14 at Final Battle 2013, but was defeated by Cole in a three-way match, which also included Jay Briscoe. In May 2014, Elgin took part in a tour co-produced by ROH and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). On May 17 at War of the Worlds, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged A.J. Styles for NJPW's top title, the IWGP Heavyweight Championship, in a three-way match, which also included Kazuchika Okada.

Paragraph 9: On November 18, Elgin won the 2011 Survival of the Fittest tournament. He won a four-corner survival match against Kenny King, Adam Cole, and Tommaso Ciampa to advance to the tournament final, a six-man elimination match, in which he last eliminated Kyle O'Reilly to win the tournament and a guaranteed ROH World Championship match. At the Showdown in the Sun pay-per-view on March 31, 2012, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Davey Richards for the ROH World Championship. The match was later given a five-star rating by Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter. Elgin later defeated fellow break-out star Adam Cole at Border Wars, in his hometown of Toronto. On July 20, ROH announced that Elgin had signed a long-term contract extension with the promotion. After months of teasing dissension between Elgin and the rest of the House of Truth, Elgin finally turned on the faction on September 16 at Death Before Dishonor X: State of Emergency by attacking Roderick Strong. At the following internet pay-per-view, Glory By Honor XI: The Unbreakable Hope on October 13, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Kevin Steen for the ROH World Championship. After the match, Elgin was attacked by Roderick Strong. The attack led to a match on December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, where Elgin was defeated by Strong, following interference from Truth Martini. On March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show, Elgin defeated Strong in a two out of three falls match, during which Martini was banned from ringside. On April 6, at Supercard of Honor VII, Elgin defeated Jay Lethal to become the number one contender to the ROH World Championship. Before Elgin got his title shot however, the ROH World Championship was vacated and he was entered in the tournament to determine the new champion. In August, Elgin defeated Paul London and Karl Anderson to advance to the semifinals of the tournament. The following month, at Death Before Dishonor XI, Elgin defeated Kevin Steen to make it to the finals of the tournament, where he was defeated by Adam Cole. On October 26 at Glory By Honor XII, Elgin earned himself another shot at the ROH World Championship by pinning Cole to win a four-on-four elimination tag team match between ROH's champions and their top contenders. Elgin received his title shot on December 14 at Final Battle 2013, but was defeated by Cole in a three-way match, which also included Jay Briscoe. In May 2014, Elgin took part in a tour co-produced by ROH and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). On May 17 at War of the Worlds, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged A.J. Styles for NJPW's top title, the IWGP Heavyweight Championship, in a three-way match, which also included Kazuchika Okada.

Paragraph 10: Standard Game offers the classic brick busting experience. The player may select a desired set of boards to play, whereas the game initially comes with two freeware board-sets of 4 boards each. As an added bonus, Rival Ball also includes the six demo board-sets from DX-Ball 2, with support for the five respective board packs from the game. Before a game starts, the player may set additional game options, including difficulty, time limits, randomised board order, and board-set repeat. The difficulty levels range from Easy to Medium, Hard and Impossible, and will determine several factors for the game. As the game's default setting, Medium implies a standard game with no specific alterations. On the other hand, Easy lets the player start with a big ball and expanded paddle, with the paddle size being fixed to not contract beyond the initial width. Easy also excludes three of the game's Power-Ups, including Death, Tiny Ball and Mega Shrink. If the chosen difficulty is Hard, the game starts with the regular paddle size, but a small ball. While the paddle cannot be expanded beyond its initial width in this mode, the ball can only grow to its regular size. Hard is also the only difficulty setting to introduce timed power-ups, where the effects from Blitz Ball, Laser, Fire Ball, Ice Ball and Catch are only temporary. The last difficulty setting is Impossible. While all power-ups are absent in this mode, the game starts with the most narrow paddle size and a tiny ball fixed at the highest speed. The additional game options are optional and can be used in conjunction with one another. By enabling Time Limit, the player may compete against the clock with settings of 5, 10, 15, 20 and 30 minutes to complete a board-set. Random Boards will randomise the order of the boards in the chosen board-set. Lastly, Repeat Board-Set will repeat the total set of boards up to ten times in a row. When the player has completed a board, a Board Bonus will be added to the total score. Constituted by three elements, the player may earn a 'Balls Left' bonus rewarding 50 points for each additional ball left on the screen; a 'Perfect Ball' bonus rewarding 500 points if no balls were lost during the board; and a 'Perfect Brick' bonus of 250 points if all bricks were cleared. In addition to the Board Bonus, the completion of a board-set will also be summarised by a Set Bonus, consisting of a 'Paddles' bonus rewarding 250 points for each remaining paddle left; a 'Perfect Bricks' bonus rewarding 3000 points if all bricks were cleared across the entire set; and a secondary 'Perfect Ball' bonus rewarding 4,000 points if the board-set was completed without losing a single ball. Aside from single player, Standard Game also features a Hot-Seat multiplayer mode. In this mode, players take turns to clear a board-set, playing through the same boards successively, while competing to achieve the highest score. Turns are changed either when one player completes a board or loses a life, and the game goes on until all players have either finished the board-set or lost all spare paddles.

Paragraph 11: Residents of villages including Madhoganj, Jaisingh Pura and Raja ka Bazaar were evicted to clear the area for the construction of Connaught Place and the development of its nearby areas. The villages were once situated along the historic Qutb Road, the main road connecting Shahjahanabad, the walled city of Delhi (now known as Old Delhi) to Qutb Minar in South Delhi city since the Mughal era. The displaced people have relocated in Karol Bagh to the west, a rocky area populated only by trees and wild bushes. However, three structures were spared demolition.  These were Hanuman temple, a Jain temple in Jaisinghpura and the Jantar Mantar.

Paragraph 12: Fun People was a famous band, under which was left to be, or a half-under, which at its inception had been within the Hardcore / Punk, with an occasional tendency to Grindcore, but also owns a sometimes melodic Hardcore (Play "Anesthesia", her first album). Now in its second plate turned into a great combo as versatile as effective and convincing, to include issues of Trash Metal, Ska, Pop song sixty to 100% (the classic "Chew"), Reggae, Rock to dry (e.g.: Pilar, Poorman), turning a little closer to power pop, always within the framework of Punk, "Kum-Kum" is a lightning-fast turning point in his career. The third album by Fun People are more raw, more hardcore, without losing the good and catchy melodies, including a beautiful ballad ("Point Of Lovely Sun"), a very delicate folk song ("Rainbow"), and a cover Frontal Attack, a track as fast as direct ("I am not part of this!") and closes with a song that was part of their first demo, still under the name "Anesthesia." The fourth album from long-term study is "The Art (e) of Romance", recorded and produced by Steve Albini, famous for his work with the likes of Page / Plant, Nirvana and The Pixies, recorded entirely in United States is a very eclectic album (which now standard at this point) with a photo on the cover of Kurt Gustav Wilckens, the Vindicator, with super powerful and super fast tracks, themes Punk Rock, Rock, or simply as "Middle of the Rounds", a sad and tragic ballad about the letter and "Leave Me Alone", a bit of Trash ("One Day (Like Wilckens)"), more trash ...("¿Where Are You?"), a topic with very good effects console flirting with electronics ("December") and closes with a theme a capella that reminds some commercial era of post-war 50's in America (with a little imagination, of course) . The latest album under the name of Fun People was titled "Sorrow, No, No", and is, as is described by the singer at the time, a "return to roots", a disc with almost more minutes on their topics have, super fast, furious, almost no time to breathe when you hear it, the truth is it is a good bounce, a more shrill and less Nekro Tyrol, and now has almost the same training to accompany the singer on stage soloist (the same lineup except for Gori, who had joined FP in the year 98 after the departure of Lucas) on this album, just with an a cappella singing Tanguito Nekro. The band apart from having in his repertoire album with studio albums, has several simple and published EP ("The Fun People Experience"), which marks the debut of Gori on an album of the band, and the difference is, Gori's style is more rock, with peanuts and worthy of a rock licks of law and good arrangements, Lucas instead had a more raw sound and saturated, Heavy if you will. In those rare-but very abundant at a time-5 years (1995-2000) of life, Fun People released 5 studio albums, a disc with demos and excerpts from concerts (one radial acoustic and electric in the city of Chicago) and with the inclusion of 2 covers, a couple of singles, a 6-song EP and an album with all acoustic versions of "golden hits" from the band ("Gori & Nekro - Golden Hits") "This is very unlikely, since the band never had" golden hits "on commercial terms and / or mass-media, and editing a home video of a concert of the band in their beginnings in the theater Harlequins , 1995 year entitled "When the sun sets".

Paragraph 13: A major motif regarding Agravain's character in the prose romances is his one-sided conflict with his younger brother, Gaheris, in addition to his rivalry with Gawain. According to the Vulgate Merlin, Gawain and his two full brothers came to court together as squires and were knighted together. When Agravain brags to his brothers that he would make love to an unwilling damsel if he wanted, Gaheris responds with mockery, and Agravain attacks him, only to be knocked down by Gawain who admonishes Agravain for his proud ways and bullying nature. In the later version in the Post-Vulgate Cycle, Gaheris is ordered by Merlin to seek out and free Gawain from captivity. Feeling that Merlin always unfairly favoured Gaheris, Agravain is very jealous and declares that he could rescue Gawain just as good or better than he, yet it is Gawain who achieves the quest. A prophecy says that Gaheris must be knighted first and then he should knight his brothers, however Agravain still insists that he must be knighted only by King Arthur himself, relying on his age. He then follows secretly his younger brother, who set out on a quest, determined to prove that he is a better knight than Gaheris and to once and for all settle this issue by cutting his brother's head off. Yet Gaheris defeats the incognito Agravain twice (including still beating up his attacker in an ambush while unprepared and weary from an earlier fight), failing to learn his mysterious opponent's true identity in the process but nevertheless making Agravain stop trying to kill him by making clear he is in fact vastly superior to him. Years later, upon learning that Gaheris has murdered their mother Morgause, Gawain swears to avenge her. Agravain, for though he had loved his mother, hated Gaheris more and so was glad to see that his brother had done such a deed for which he hoped to see Gaheris put to death. But when Agravain and his half-brother Mordred are at the point of beheading Gaheris, Gawain stops them as he believes that they should not shame themselves by killing one who was their brother. The four later attack Morgause's lover Lamorak and they kill him after an unfair fight of all of them at once against one.

Paragraph 14: Fun People was a famous band, under which was left to be, or a half-under, which at its inception had been within the Hardcore / Punk, with an occasional tendency to Grindcore, but also owns a sometimes melodic Hardcore (Play "Anesthesia", her first album). Now in its second plate turned into a great combo as versatile as effective and convincing, to include issues of Trash Metal, Ska, Pop song sixty to 100% (the classic "Chew"), Reggae, Rock to dry (e.g.: Pilar, Poorman), turning a little closer to power pop, always within the framework of Punk, "Kum-Kum" is a lightning-fast turning point in his career. The third album by Fun People are more raw, more hardcore, without losing the good and catchy melodies, including a beautiful ballad ("Point Of Lovely Sun"), a very delicate folk song ("Rainbow"), and a cover Frontal Attack, a track as fast as direct ("I am not part of this!") and closes with a song that was part of their first demo, still under the name "Anesthesia." The fourth album from long-term study is "The Art (e) of Romance", recorded and produced by Steve Albini, famous for his work with the likes of Page / Plant, Nirvana and The Pixies, recorded entirely in United States is a very eclectic album (which now standard at this point) with a photo on the cover of Kurt Gustav Wilckens, the Vindicator, with super powerful and super fast tracks, themes Punk Rock, Rock, or simply as "Middle of the Rounds", a sad and tragic ballad about the letter and "Leave Me Alone", a bit of Trash ("One Day (Like Wilckens)"), more trash ...("¿Where Are You?"), a topic with very good effects console flirting with electronics ("December") and closes with a theme a capella that reminds some commercial era of post-war 50's in America (with a little imagination, of course) . The latest album under the name of Fun People was titled "Sorrow, No, No", and is, as is described by the singer at the time, a "return to roots", a disc with almost more minutes on their topics have, super fast, furious, almost no time to breathe when you hear it, the truth is it is a good bounce, a more shrill and less Nekro Tyrol, and now has almost the same training to accompany the singer on stage soloist (the same lineup except for Gori, who had joined FP in the year 98 after the departure of Lucas) on this album, just with an a cappella singing Tanguito Nekro. The band apart from having in his repertoire album with studio albums, has several simple and published EP ("The Fun People Experience"), which marks the debut of Gori on an album of the band, and the difference is, Gori's style is more rock, with peanuts and worthy of a rock licks of law and good arrangements, Lucas instead had a more raw sound and saturated, Heavy if you will. In those rare-but very abundant at a time-5 years (1995-2000) of life, Fun People released 5 studio albums, a disc with demos and excerpts from concerts (one radial acoustic and electric in the city of Chicago) and with the inclusion of 2 covers, a couple of singles, a 6-song EP and an album with all acoustic versions of "golden hits" from the band ("Gori & Nekro - Golden Hits") "This is very unlikely, since the band never had" golden hits "on commercial terms and / or mass-media, and editing a home video of a concert of the band in their beginnings in the theater Harlequins , 1995 year entitled "When the sun sets".

Paragraph 15: There are the ruins of a hunting lodge, or grange, for the Prior of Durham, which is a listed building. The monastic grange was built for the priors of Durham by Prior Hugh of Darlington, while he held office between 1258 and 1272, on what is thought to have been the site of an earlier grange. The grange lay within a deer park, which Prior Hugh was granted permission to enclose in 1259. The buildings of the grange were in use throughout the medieval period; a document of 1464 records that the buildings consisted of a hall, chapel, grange and a dairy. The names Priory Farm and Grange Farm testify to the influence of Durham as do the stone remains of the grange including a wall suggesting a three-storey building, described as "impressive" by Pevsner.

Paragraph 16: Shore stations called Affray all day and HMS Agincourt led a fleet of search vessels which eventually totalled 24 ships from four nations. The Portland 2nd Training Flotilla which included HMS Tintagel Castle, Flint Castle, , and ASDIC (sonar) trials vessel Helmsdale, left Portland. Also out of Portland, they were joined by the submarines HMS Scorcher, Scythian, and Sirdar all flying large white flags to distinguish them from the missing Affray. Sirdar later sat on the bottom for six hours while the ASDIC boats familiarised themselves with the identification of a submarine sitting on the bottom. The codeword 'SUBMISS' was sent to all ships in the NATO navies to notify them of the fact the Affray was missing and all other Amphion-class boats were confined to port pending investigation as to what happened to their missing sister. At the time Affray went missing it was such big news in Britain it relegated the first events that culminated in the Suez Crisis to page two of the national newspapers. There was some urgency in the initial 48 hours of the search as it was estimated the crew would not survive much longer than this if they had survived whatever had sunk the submarine in the first place. During the search a Morse code signal (via tapping on the submarine hull) had been received by two of the searching ships, reading "We are trapped on the bottom", but this did not help in locating the sub. Differing accounts however state that a tapping, initially believed to be from the trapped crew, was heard, but after later investigation was ruled by the admiralty to be from other ships involved in the search. After three days the search was slowed down and fewer ships were used to locate Affray. In Britain, the missing submarine was getting a lot of publicity. Rumours abounded of mutiny, and even seizure by the Russians. Meanwhile the Royal Navy continued its search. During the search many strange things happened, including that the wife of a skipper of one of Affray'''s sister submarines claimed to have seen a ghost in a dripping wet submarine officer's uniform telling her the location of the sunken sub (this position later turned out to be correct)— she recognised him as an officer who had died during the Second World War, not a crew member of Affray. As there were so many shipwrecks littering the English Channel (161 were found, most of them sunk during the Second World War), it was almost two months before Affray was located.

Paragraph 17: Two days later the new monitor departed New York and joined the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron at Hampton Roads on 29 November but was immediately sent to the Washington Navy Yard for repairs. There President Abraham Lincoln visited the ship with members of his cabinet 6 December. After returning to Hampton Roads on  26 December, Passaic, towed by , got underway three days later with , towed by , heading for Beaufort, North Carolina. Encountering bad weather off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, she leaked badly and was forced to work her pumps and throw all shot overboard to remain afloat, but she reached Beaufort on New Year's Day 1863. Monitor foundered during the storm.

Paragraph 18: In early times Jalaun seems to have been the home of kurmi clans, the jalaunya kurmi in the east and the Kachwahas in the west. The village Garghgawan was the estate of the Bhadauria clan, the historic monument of this clan still exists in this village. The town of Kalpi on the Yamuna was conquered by the armies of Muhammad Ghori in 1196. In the early 14th century, the Bundelas occupied the greater part of Jalaun and even succeeded in holding the fortified post of Kalpi. That important possession was soon recovered by the Delhi Sultanate and was then passed on to the Mughal Empire. Akbar's governors at Kalpi maintained a nominal authority over the surrounding district, and the Bundela chiefs were in a state of chronic revolt, which culminated in the war of independence under Maharaja Chhatrasal. On the outbreak of his rebellion in 1671, he occupied a large province to the south of the Yamuna. Setting out from this base, and assisted by the Marathas, he conquered the whole of Bundelkhand. On his death in 1732 he bequeathed one-third of his dominions to his Maratha allies, who before long succeeded in annexing the whole of Bundelkhand. Jalaun flourished under the administration of The Great Warrior Shreenath Mahadji Shinde.

Paragraph 19: In their most modern form, High Commands for the TVDs were first reestablished in February 1979 for the Far East. Harrison wrote in the 2020s that the new command encompassed the Far East Military District and the Transbaikal Military District. An official military encyclopedia published after the Fall of the Soviet Union stated, said Harrison, that the Soviet Pacific Fleet, an air army, and an air defence corps were also operationally subordinated to the new formation; and that the high command "coordinated" with the armies of Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and Mongolia. The headquarters was set up at Ulan-Ude, near Lake Baikal. The RAND Corporation said in 1984 that the Soviet air and ground forces in Mongolia [subordinate to the Transbaikal Military District] and elements of the Mongolian Ground Forces and Mongolian Air Force were also at its disposal. In September 1984 three more High Commands were established: the Western (HQ Legnica), South-Western (HQ Kishinev), and Southern (HQ Baku)

Paragraph 20: The movie received generally positive reviews from different critics. According to Mario Bautista of Malaya, "...the movie based on the hit songs of APO, is an endearing musical comedy that is the best local film we have seen so far this year. If by any chance you don’t get to like it, then you must be a grumpy grouchy curmudgeon who does not believe people can just burst into song-and-dance numbers, so you surely won’t enjoy this big sing-along fest...accomplishes what our favorite samples of this genre do. The musical sequences are highly entertaining, uplifting and contagious". He also added that it's everything a movie-goer would want in a movie and the timeless crowd-pleaser is most certainly highly recommended. He also added that Concepcion is simply sensational while Coleta could be in a Best Supporting Actor award. Cristina Martinez-Belen of Manila Bulletin also gave the film a positive review. She stated, "...i’ve never enjoyed a Filipino movie as much as I enjoyed this(I Do Bidoo Bidoo) which is being dubbed the grand movie-oke of the year...very Filipino in soul and essence. And the performance of the stars is impeccably admirable and superb". One of the print ads for the film shows some of local movie critics’ assessment of the film. They herald “I Do Bidoo Bidoo” as “an endearing musical comedy” that's "highly entertaining, uplifting, affecting and contagious." Another raved that the music of the APO Hiking Society that's featured in the film “rocks.” Still another went as far as to say that it's the “Best Picture Of The Year.” Ria Limjap of SPOT.ph also gave the film a favorable review stating, "The pamamanhikan scene is brilliant: old fashioned metaphoric speech, initiating an awesome salawikain battle that segues into one of the most charming numbers in the movie (“Salawikain”)." The same goes with the review from Philippine Entertainment Portal (PEP), stating that the movie is a total charmer and its production design is just as excellent, while every backdrop looks meticulously planned. It further added, "Well-choreographed musical numbers help the film feel fresh, and the decision to use songs from the APO Hiking Society hike the nostalgia." He also praises that all casts are perfect for the role. A review from GMA News gave the film a 4/5 rating. The writer, Job B. De Leon states that, "...beyond the music and the actors, it draws strength from its script as it probes the different angles of a teenage pregnancy–how a young couple tries to deal with uncertainty and responsibility, and how parents recover when their darlings color outside the lines of their pre-drawn aspirations[...]for all the film's dramatic build-up, there is no climactic moralizing or grand confrontation. Instead the denouement is set to song and highlights to audiences, young and old alike, that together with values like love, friendship and family, the music of APO is forever". The Cinema Evaluation Board, who gave the film the highest rating, "A" states that the film has exceptional performances. Mell Navarro of Independent Cinema Artists of the Philippines commented, "A must-see film! Wonderful! Brilliant!". According to Bong Austero of Manila Standard Today, "...It (I Do Bidoo Bidoo) is in many ways even better than foreign musicals. For one, it features music that has relevance and meaning in our lives. Second, it’s a movie that makes you feel good about being Filipino." He further stated, "...we are told that it is not exactly making the kind of money that Praybeyt Benjamin or No Other Woman made, which is really sad because I Do Bidoo Bidoo is infinitely better than those two other films, which were major blockbusters...if you don’t patronize movies like I Do Bidoo Bidoo, then you should stop complaining about the sorry state of Philippine cinema."Ateneo de Manila University's official publication, The Guidon gave the film 4 stars of 5 and included it at #6 on their "2012 Top Films".

Paragraph 21: On 26 June 1933, Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler appointed SS-Oberführer Theodor Eicke the Kommandant of the Dachau concentration camp. Eicke requested a permanent unit that would be subordinate only to him, and hence the SS-Wachverbände (guard units) were formed. Eicke began his infamous tenure by issuing new orders about the killing of inmates trying to escape (Postenpflicht). He developed the first Lagerordnung, a Nazi disciplinary and penal code regulating the system of extreme disciplinary sanctions for detainees. His rules were adopted by all concentration camps of Nazi Germany as of 1 January 1934. Eicke was promoted to SS-Brigadeführer (equivalent to a major-general in the army) on 30 January 1934. Following the Night of the Long Knives, Eicke – who played a role in the affair by shooting SA chief Ernst Röhm – was again promoted to the rank of SS-Gruppenführer and officially appointed Inspector of Concentration Camps and Commander of the SS-Wachverbände. Thereafter, all remaining SA-run camps were taken over by the SS. In his role as the Concentration Camps Inspector, Eicke began a large reorganisation of the camps in 1935. The smaller camps were dismantled. Dachau concentration camp remained, then personnel from Dachau went on to work at Sachsenhausen and Oranienburg, where Eicke established his central office.

Paragraph 22: The Jackal is an alias used by several supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually depicted as enemies of the superhero Spider-Man. The original and best known incarnation, Miles Warren, was originally introduced in The Amazing Spider-Man #31 (December 1965) as a professor at the fictional Empire State University. Later storylines established him as also being a scientist researching genetics and biochemistry, and revealed an unhealthy romantic obsession he had for Gwen Stacy. Warren was driven mad with grief and jealousy so he created his Jackal alter-ego to seek revenge on Spider-Man, whom he blamed for Gwen's tragic death. To this end, he trained himself in martial arts, and created a green suit and gauntlets with claw-like razors. Although the Jackal initially didn't possess any superpowers, he later gained enhanced strength, speed and agility by mixing his genes with those of a jackal.  

Paragraph 23: Two days later the new monitor departed New York and joined the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron at Hampton Roads on 29 November but was immediately sent to the Washington Navy Yard for repairs. There President Abraham Lincoln visited the ship with members of his cabinet 6 December. After returning to Hampton Roads on  26 December, Passaic, towed by , got underway three days later with , towed by , heading for Beaufort, North Carolina. Encountering bad weather off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, she leaked badly and was forced to work her pumps and throw all shot overboard to remain afloat, but she reached Beaufort on New Year's Day 1863. Monitor foundered during the storm.

Paragraph 24: Residents of villages including Madhoganj, Jaisingh Pura and Raja ka Bazaar were evicted to clear the area for the construction of Connaught Place and the development of its nearby areas. The villages were once situated along the historic Qutb Road, the main road connecting Shahjahanabad, the walled city of Delhi (now known as Old Delhi) to Qutb Minar in South Delhi city since the Mughal era. The displaced people have relocated in Karol Bagh to the west, a rocky area populated only by trees and wild bushes. However, three structures were spared demolition.  These were Hanuman temple, a Jain temple in Jaisinghpura and the Jantar Mantar.

Paragraph 25: Two days later the new monitor departed New York and joined the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron at Hampton Roads on 29 November but was immediately sent to the Washington Navy Yard for repairs. There President Abraham Lincoln visited the ship with members of his cabinet 6 December. After returning to Hampton Roads on  26 December, Passaic, towed by , got underway three days later with , towed by , heading for Beaufort, North Carolina. Encountering bad weather off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, she leaked badly and was forced to work her pumps and throw all shot overboard to remain afloat, but she reached Beaufort on New Year's Day 1863. Monitor foundered during the storm.

Paragraph 26: His earliest writings in the United States were contributed to the Lantern, which was then edited by John Brougham. Subsequently, he wrote for the Home Journal, the New York Times, and the American Whig Review. His first important literary connection was with Harper's Magazine, and beginning in February 1853, with The Two Skulls, he contributed more than sixty articles in prose and verse to that periodical.  He likewise wrote for the New York Saturday Press, Putnam's Magazine, Vanity Fair, and the Atlantic Monthly. To the latter, he sent "The Diamond Lens" (1858) and "The Wonder Smith" (1859). "The Diamond Lens" is probably his most famous short story, and tells the story of a scientist who invents a powerful microscope and discovers a beautiful female in a microscopic world inside a drop of water. H.P. Lovecraft was an admirer of the work. "The Wonder Smith" is an early predecessor of robot rebellion, where toys possessed by evil spirits are transformed into living automata who turn against their creators. His 1858 short story "From Hand to Mouth" has been referred to as "the single most striking example of surrealistic fiction to pre-date Alice in Wonderland" (Sam Moskowitz, 1971). "What Was It? A Mystery" (1859) is one of the earliest known examples of invisibility in fiction.

Paragraph 27: After the injury of Hasselbeck, he returned as a starter in week seven of the season at Tampa Bay, where the team lost 20–10. The next week, he led his team to a 34–13 win over San Francisco. In week 9, Wallace threw for the longest touchdown pass in Seattle Seahawks franchise history with a 90-yard completion to Koren Robinson in the Seahawks' first play from scrimmage. However, the Seahawks lost to the Philadelphia Eagles, 26–7. Wallace played again in the 21–19 road loss to the Miami Dolphins in week ten. Hasselbeck was cleared by team doctors to play and was the starter again for week 11. Because of another injury to Hasselbeck, Wallace started in week 14 against the New England Patriots, where he threw 20 completions in 28 attempts for 212 yards and three touchdowns. His passer rating for the game was 128.9. He also ran for 47 yards on three carries. However, a lost fumble by Wallace late in the fourth quarter led to a 24–21 Seahawks loss. The following week, he captured his second win as a starter as the Seahawks beat the St. Louis Rams 23–20 at the Edward Jones Dome. Hasselbeck returned from injury, but Wallace remained the starter for the rest of the season. Wallace had another good performance in a victory against the New York Jets in week 16, but lost to the eventual NFC champion Arizona Cardinals in week 17.

Paragraph 28: In December 2017 the Sydney Ice Dogs released their logo for the 2018 season. The design was an adjusted version of the 15th anniversary logo, replacing the "XV" with a shield. A few days later the Sydney Bears unveiled their new logo featuring a re-designed Bear. Following the release of their new logo the Bears released their new jerseys which included a black home, white away and a red alternate version. In February 2018 the Bears signed All About Caring as a major sponsor for the season. The same month the Melbourne Mustangs signed with The Kodiak Group to be their new naming rights sponsor for the next two seasons. The Kodiak Group replace The James Hotel who held the rights in 2017. In March 2018 the Melbourne Ice signed partnerships with the charity 300 Blankets and not-for-profit Kids Under Cover. Both organisations focus on helping the homeless and part of deal with 300 Blankets will see the Ice selling blankets at their home games. In April the Adelaide Adrenaline signed with Complete Podiatry to be a sponsor and the club's official podiatry clinic. Also in April the Mustangs announced that they had signed with restaurant Billy's Discrict to be their post-game venue, replacing The James Hotel which had been their venue since May 2016. On 8 April the Newcastle Northstars that Warners at the Bay had signed with the club as their official post-game venue for 2018. The Melbourne Ice announced on 10 April that they had signed with Tempur Australia to be their naming rights sponsor for the next three years. The deal also included captain Lliam Webster being appointed as a brand ambassador for Tempur. The Brave announced that The Signal Co. Wireless and Maliganis Edwards Johnson had signed on as major sponsors and Ace High Eatery & Bar, Care Traffic, Coffey, Compass Wealth Group and T C Air & Electric had signed on as business sponsors for 2018. The Brave also switched their post game venue to the Hellenic Club of Canberra's Fillos Taverna + Bar, replacing The Woden Tradies & Quality Hotel which had been their venue since June 2017. In April the Sydney Ice Dogs signed with the Holiday Inn Express Sydney Macquarie Park to be a major sponsor for the 2018 season. They also announced that they would partner with Cheapskate Hockey to create an alternative jersey as well as produce a line of merchandise. The alternate jersey will feature a redesigned bulldog logo. On 20 April the Sydney Ice Dogs announced that The Ranch Hotel would be their post game venue for 2018, replacing TGI Fridays Macquarie Centre which was their venue for the previous season.

Paragraph 29: Clarkson at this point was so sure of victory that he started taking coffee breaks and playing games to amuse himself, such as trying to figure out how much it would cost to insure the car. Meanwhile, French Air Traffic Control had allowed Hammond and May to take a shortcut in their planned route and travel over central France rather than the Eastern border, meaning that by the time Clarkson had reached Troyes, the plane was virtually neck-and-neck with it. Fortunately, as Hammond and May were about to take the lead, May revealed that because of the delays in setting off from Cuneo and from having to refuel in Saint-Étienne, it would get dark whilst they were still flying over Northern France, and because May was not licensed to fly the plane at night, they would be forced to land in Lille. By the time they had touched down, Clarkson was close to Lens, around 70 miles from Calais, meaning that it was still neck-and-neck. However, as Hammond and May had to take a bus from the airport to Lille-Europe station to catch the Eurostar to London, Clarkson's lead was starting to increase again to the point that he arrived on British soil about half an hour before Hammond and May's Eurostar had passed through the Channel Tunnel. Once the train arrived at Waterloo Station, Hammond and May took a route 26 bus to reach Tower 42, whilst Clarkson was entering the city via the Blackwall Tunnel. When all three presenters reached Tower 42, they all struggled to understand the building's series of lifts, none of which directly went to the restaurant on the 42nd floor; indeed Clarkson was shown having to ask some of the staff for directions. When Hammond and May reached the finishing point, they could not see Clarkson there and so began to think that they had managed to win, until they both simultaneously noticed Clarkson's reflection in a window on the far side of the restaurant. As the three of them were sitting together eating dinner prepared with Clarkson's truffle, Clarkson remarked that his victory was a hollow one, as he knew he would have to go through the rest of his life knowing that he would never own the car that had won him the race, which he would later describe back in the studio as "the best car ever made", and which would later win the Top Gear 'Car of the Decade' Award a few series later. Winner: Car

Paragraph 30: Shore stations called Affray all day and HMS Agincourt led a fleet of search vessels which eventually totalled 24 ships from four nations. The Portland 2nd Training Flotilla which included HMS Tintagel Castle, Flint Castle, , and ASDIC (sonar) trials vessel Helmsdale, left Portland. Also out of Portland, they were joined by the submarines HMS Scorcher, Scythian, and Sirdar all flying large white flags to distinguish them from the missing Affray. Sirdar later sat on the bottom for six hours while the ASDIC boats familiarised themselves with the identification of a submarine sitting on the bottom. The codeword 'SUBMISS' was sent to all ships in the NATO navies to notify them of the fact the Affray was missing and all other Amphion-class boats were confined to port pending investigation as to what happened to their missing sister. At the time Affray went missing it was such big news in Britain it relegated the first events that culminated in the Suez Crisis to page two of the national newspapers. There was some urgency in the initial 48 hours of the search as it was estimated the crew would not survive much longer than this if they had survived whatever had sunk the submarine in the first place. During the search a Morse code signal (via tapping on the submarine hull) had been received by two of the searching ships, reading "We are trapped on the bottom", but this did not help in locating the sub. Differing accounts however state that a tapping, initially believed to be from the trapped crew, was heard, but after later investigation was ruled by the admiralty to be from other ships involved in the search. After three days the search was slowed down and fewer ships were used to locate Affray. In Britain, the missing submarine was getting a lot of publicity. Rumours abounded of mutiny, and even seizure by the Russians. Meanwhile the Royal Navy continued its search. During the search many strange things happened, including that the wife of a skipper of one of Affray'''s sister submarines claimed to have seen a ghost in a dripping wet submarine officer's uniform telling her the location of the sunken sub (this position later turned out to be correct)— she recognised him as an officer who had died during the Second World War, not a crew member of Affray. As there were so many shipwrecks littering the English Channel (161 were found, most of them sunk during the Second World War), it was almost two months before Affray was located.

Paragraph 31: Following its home video release, "Monty Can't Buy Me Love" received mixed reviews from critics. Giving the episode a positive review, Currentfilm.com considered it to be 'one of the best Mr. Burns-centric episodes ever', and that it has 'some classic Burns moments, especially when Monty describes exactly what it took for him to capture the creature'. Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide stated that, while the episode 'doesn’t do a lot to expand the character', it 'manages a reasonable number of yuks'. He added that "A fun Howard Stern-esque character done by Michael McKean helps make this a nice show." David Plath of DVD Town wrote that the episode has 'some funny moments'. Giving the episode a mixed review, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood of I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide said that the episode is 'very funny when it's funny, very poor when it isn't'. They wrote that the best part of the episode is 'the Scottish stuff', and 'the idea that, once again, Burns is actually worried about his public image, as he was in "The Joy of Sect"'. Jake McNeill, of Digital Entertainment News, gave the episode a negative review, and wrote that 'the story takes too long to get going'.

Paragraph 32: On August 25 the 14th Corps began its flanking movement against the Confederate positions at Jonesboro, Georgia, which culminated in the Battle of Jonesboro, Georgia, on September 1, 1864. Around 3:00 a.m. on the 1st the regiment formed in line to the rear of the 10th Michigan, one mile north of the railroad at Jonesboro, and began its advance. The other regiments of the brigade moved forward and then toward the right, while the 17th Veteran's continued their advance straight ahead towards the Confederate positions, they came upon a ravine that was heavily strewn with brush and they quickly reformed on the opposite side of it. It was during this time that two other recruits that had been driven back were coming through their lines, and only through the efforts of Colonel Grower were the men steadied and kept moving forward. With the line reformed the regiment was formed on the left of the 60th Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and then continued its advance. It was at this point that Colonel Este's commanding the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division came upon Colonel Grower and called upon him to advance to his support as his brigade was caught in a rather murderous fire and he feared that the line might break. Colonel Grower promptly moved the regiment forward to their support and put them in line. The regiment quickly gained its position and commenced returning the fire it had been receiving. It was during this time that Colonel Grower was severely wounded, and Major Joel O. Martin assumed command of the regiment. Colonel Grower instructed Major Martin to find out if the regiment was supported on the right or left, and that if not to, that he was to fall the regiment back and reform the lines. Major Martin soon found that there was no support to the regiment right or left, and as such fell the regiment back a short distance to a line of woods and reformed the line. The regiment then moved forward and formed on the left of the 10th Michigan, Lieutenant McAllister, an aide-de-camp, then found the regiment and ordered Major Martin to form them on the left of the 60th Illinois, which was located in a set of woods to the Regiments front, Major Martin moved the men forward but did not find the 60th Illinois, instead finding again Colonel Este's and the men of the 3rd Brigade, 3rd Division. The Major inquired as to the location of the brigade but the colonel was not certain and called upon Major Martin to come to his assistance as his own brigade was in somewhat of an exposed position. Colonel Este's directed the regiment to the left of his brigade, and they occupied the position for a short time, when an officer commanding one of the Brigades of the 1st Division came upon the regiment and asked for their assistance as he stated that his brigade was having its left flank turned and that if the regiment did not advance to relieve the pressure against them that they would be forced to fall back. Major Martin stated the "Advancing my right considerably, so as to have an enfilading fire upon the enemy in hi front, I moved forward as he directed, fired a volley, which was not replied to, and finding that there was no enemy in my front I moved back to the position which I had left." As they resumed their position Lieutenant McAllister found the regiment again and ordered them to rejoin the 60th Illinois, with this done the regiment entrenched for the night, and thus ended its part in the Battle of Jonesboro, after sustaining a loss of 24 Killed, 9 died of wounds, and 80 Wounded.

Paragraph 33: Duty at Cape Girardeau, Mo., till November 10, 1862. Moved to Patterson, Missouri, November 10–17, and return to Cape Girardeau November 25–29. Moved to Helena, Ark., December 8–16. Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 22, 1862, to January 3, 1863. Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28. Chickasaw Bluff December 29. Expedition to Arkansas Post, Ark., January 3–10, 1863. Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11. Moved to Young's Point, La., January 17–23, and duty there till March. At Milliken's Bend, La., till April. Expedition to Greenville, Black Bayou and Deer Creek April 2–14. Demonstration on Haines' and Drumgould's Bluffs April 29-May 2. Moved to Join army in rear of Vicksburg, Mississippi, via Richmond and Grand Gulf, May 2–14. Jackson, Miss., May 14. Siege of Vicksburg, Miss., May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Advance on Jackson, Miss., July 4–10. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. Ordered to District of Natchez, Miss., August 15. Assigned to garrison duty at post of Vidalia till April 1864. Action at Vidalia September 14, 1863. Expedition to Trinity November 15–16. Expedition to Tensas River February 2–3, 1864. Repulse of Gen. Polignac's threatened attack on Vidalia February 17, 1864. Expedition to Tensas River March 10–11. Moved to Vicksburg, Miss., April 3–5, and duty there till May 9. Expedition to Big Black River Bridge May 9–16. Camp at Vicksburg till July 1. Pearl River Expedition July 1–10. Guard pontoon train at Big Black River July 3–9. Moved to Morganza July 28–30, thence to Port Hudson, Louisiana, August 23–24. Expedition to Clinton August 24–27. Moved to Morganza August 28, and to mouth of White River, Ark., September 3–8. Duty there till October 18. Moved to Memphis, Tenn., October 18–19. At Fort Pickering, Memphis, till October 28. Moved to mouth of White River, Ark., October 28–29, thence to Duvall's Bluff, Ark., November 7–10, and to Memphis, Tenn., November 27-December 1. Consolidated to a Battalion of 4 Companies November 30. Moved to Kenner, La., January 2–8, 1865; thence to Dauphin Island February 11–18. Campaign against Mobile, Ala., and its Defences March 17-April 12. Siege of Spanish Fort and Fort Blakely March 26-April 8. Assault and capture of Fort Blakely April 9. Occupation of Mobile April 12, and camp there till May 10, and at Fort Blakely and Fort Tracy till June 8. At Mobile till June 28. Moved to Galveston, Texas, June 28-July 1, thence to Columbus July 9–11. Post duty at Allayton till August 21. Mustered out at Columbus, Texas, August 31, and discharged at St. Louis, Mo., September 11, 1865.

Paragraph 34: Shore stations called Affray all day and HMS Agincourt led a fleet of search vessels which eventually totalled 24 ships from four nations. The Portland 2nd Training Flotilla which included HMS Tintagel Castle, Flint Castle, , and ASDIC (sonar) trials vessel Helmsdale, left Portland. Also out of Portland, they were joined by the submarines HMS Scorcher, Scythian, and Sirdar all flying large white flags to distinguish them from the missing Affray. Sirdar later sat on the bottom for six hours while the ASDIC boats familiarised themselves with the identification of a submarine sitting on the bottom. The codeword 'SUBMISS' was sent to all ships in the NATO navies to notify them of the fact the Affray was missing and all other Amphion-class boats were confined to port pending investigation as to what happened to their missing sister. At the time Affray went missing it was such big news in Britain it relegated the first events that culminated in the Suez Crisis to page two of the national newspapers. There was some urgency in the initial 48 hours of the search as it was estimated the crew would not survive much longer than this if they had survived whatever had sunk the submarine in the first place. During the search a Morse code signal (via tapping on the submarine hull) had been received by two of the searching ships, reading "We are trapped on the bottom", but this did not help in locating the sub. Differing accounts however state that a tapping, initially believed to be from the trapped crew, was heard, but after later investigation was ruled by the admiralty to be from other ships involved in the search. After three days the search was slowed down and fewer ships were used to locate Affray. In Britain, the missing submarine was getting a lot of publicity. Rumours abounded of mutiny, and even seizure by the Russians. Meanwhile the Royal Navy continued its search. During the search many strange things happened, including that the wife of a skipper of one of Affray'''s sister submarines claimed to have seen a ghost in a dripping wet submarine officer's uniform telling her the location of the sunken sub (this position later turned out to be correct)— she recognised him as an officer who had died during the Second World War, not a crew member of Affray. As there were so many shipwrecks littering the English Channel (161 were found, most of them sunk during the Second World War), it was almost two months before Affray was located.

Paragraph 35: On November 18, Elgin won the 2011 Survival of the Fittest tournament. He won a four-corner survival match against Kenny King, Adam Cole, and Tommaso Ciampa to advance to the tournament final, a six-man elimination match, in which he last eliminated Kyle O'Reilly to win the tournament and a guaranteed ROH World Championship match. At the Showdown in the Sun pay-per-view on March 31, 2012, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Davey Richards for the ROH World Championship. The match was later given a five-star rating by Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter. Elgin later defeated fellow break-out star Adam Cole at Border Wars, in his hometown of Toronto. On July 20, ROH announced that Elgin had signed a long-term contract extension with the promotion. After months of teasing dissension between Elgin and the rest of the House of Truth, Elgin finally turned on the faction on September 16 at Death Before Dishonor X: State of Emergency by attacking Roderick Strong. At the following internet pay-per-view, Glory By Honor XI: The Unbreakable Hope on October 13, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged Kevin Steen for the ROH World Championship. After the match, Elgin was attacked by Roderick Strong. The attack led to a match on December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, where Elgin was defeated by Strong, following interference from Truth Martini. On March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show, Elgin defeated Strong in a two out of three falls match, during which Martini was banned from ringside. On April 6, at Supercard of Honor VII, Elgin defeated Jay Lethal to become the number one contender to the ROH World Championship. Before Elgin got his title shot however, the ROH World Championship was vacated and he was entered in the tournament to determine the new champion. In August, Elgin defeated Paul London and Karl Anderson to advance to the semifinals of the tournament. The following month, at Death Before Dishonor XI, Elgin defeated Kevin Steen to make it to the finals of the tournament, where he was defeated by Adam Cole. On October 26 at Glory By Honor XII, Elgin earned himself another shot at the ROH World Championship by pinning Cole to win a four-on-four elimination tag team match between ROH's champions and their top contenders. Elgin received his title shot on December 14 at Final Battle 2013, but was defeated by Cole in a three-way match, which also included Jay Briscoe. In May 2014, Elgin took part in a tour co-produced by ROH and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). On May 17 at War of the Worlds, Elgin unsuccessfully challenged A.J. Styles for NJPW's top title, the IWGP Heavyweight Championship, in a three-way match, which also included Kazuchika Okada.

Paragraph 36: A major motif regarding Agravain's character in the prose romances is his one-sided conflict with his younger brother, Gaheris, in addition to his rivalry with Gawain. According to the Vulgate Merlin, Gawain and his two full brothers came to court together as squires and were knighted together. When Agravain brags to his brothers that he would make love to an unwilling damsel if he wanted, Gaheris responds with mockery, and Agravain attacks him, only to be knocked down by Gawain who admonishes Agravain for his proud ways and bullying nature. In the later version in the Post-Vulgate Cycle, Gaheris is ordered by Merlin to seek out and free Gawain from captivity. Feeling that Merlin always unfairly favoured Gaheris, Agravain is very jealous and declares that he could rescue Gawain just as good or better than he, yet it is Gawain who achieves the quest. A prophecy says that Gaheris must be knighted first and then he should knight his brothers, however Agravain still insists that he must be knighted only by King Arthur himself, relying on his age. He then follows secretly his younger brother, who set out on a quest, determined to prove that he is a better knight than Gaheris and to once and for all settle this issue by cutting his brother's head off. Yet Gaheris defeats the incognito Agravain twice (including still beating up his attacker in an ambush while unprepared and weary from an earlier fight), failing to learn his mysterious opponent's true identity in the process but nevertheless making Agravain stop trying to kill him by making clear he is in fact vastly superior to him. Years later, upon learning that Gaheris has murdered their mother Morgause, Gawain swears to avenge her. Agravain, for though he had loved his mother, hated Gaheris more and so was glad to see that his brother had done such a deed for which he hoped to see Gaheris put to death. But when Agravain and his half-brother Mordred are at the point of beheading Gaheris, Gawain stops them as he believes that they should not shame themselves by killing one who was their brother. The four later attack Morgause's lover Lamorak and they kill him after an unfair fight of all of them at once against one.

Paragraph 37: On the 20th of December, 1688 [misprint for 1683], a very violent frost began, which lasted to the 6th of February, in so great extremity, that the pools were frozen 18 inches thick at least, and the Thames was so frozen that a great street from the Temple to Southwark was built with shops, and all manner of things sold. Hackney coaches plied there as in the streets. There were also bull-baiting, and a great many shows and tricks to be seen. This day the frost broke up. In the morning I saw a coach and six horses driven from Whitehall almost to the bridge (London Bridge) yet by three o'clock that day, February the 6th, next to Southwark the ice was gone, so as boats did row to and fro, and the next day all the frost was gone. On Candlemas Day I went to Croydon market, and led my horse over the ice to the Horseferry from Westminster to Lambeth; as I came back I led him from Lambeth upon the middle of the Thames to Whitefriars' stairs, and so led him up by them. And this day an ox was roasted whole, over against Whitehall. King Charles and the Queen ate part of it.

Paragraph 38: The movie received generally positive reviews from different critics. According to Mario Bautista of Malaya, "...the movie based on the hit songs of APO, is an endearing musical comedy that is the best local film we have seen so far this year. If by any chance you don’t get to like it, then you must be a grumpy grouchy curmudgeon who does not believe people can just burst into song-and-dance numbers, so you surely won’t enjoy this big sing-along fest...accomplishes what our favorite samples of this genre do. The musical sequences are highly entertaining, uplifting and contagious". He also added that it's everything a movie-goer would want in a movie and the timeless crowd-pleaser is most certainly highly recommended. He also added that Concepcion is simply sensational while Coleta could be in a Best Supporting Actor award. Cristina Martinez-Belen of Manila Bulletin also gave the film a positive review. She stated, "...i’ve never enjoyed a Filipino movie as much as I enjoyed this(I Do Bidoo Bidoo) which is being dubbed the grand movie-oke of the year...very Filipino in soul and essence. And the performance of the stars is impeccably admirable and superb". One of the print ads for the film shows some of local movie critics’ assessment of the film. They herald “I Do Bidoo Bidoo” as “an endearing musical comedy” that's "highly entertaining, uplifting, affecting and contagious." Another raved that the music of the APO Hiking Society that's featured in the film “rocks.” Still another went as far as to say that it's the “Best Picture Of The Year.” Ria Limjap of SPOT.ph also gave the film a favorable review stating, "The pamamanhikan scene is brilliant: old fashioned metaphoric speech, initiating an awesome salawikain battle that segues into one of the most charming numbers in the movie (“Salawikain”)." The same goes with the review from Philippine Entertainment Portal (PEP), stating that the movie is a total charmer and its production design is just as excellent, while every backdrop looks meticulously planned. It further added, "Well-choreographed musical numbers help the film feel fresh, and the decision to use songs from the APO Hiking Society hike the nostalgia." He also praises that all casts are perfect for the role. A review from GMA News gave the film a 4/5 rating. The writer, Job B. De Leon states that, "...beyond the music and the actors, it draws strength from its script as it probes the different angles of a teenage pregnancy–how a young couple tries to deal with uncertainty and responsibility, and how parents recover when their darlings color outside the lines of their pre-drawn aspirations[...]for all the film's dramatic build-up, there is no climactic moralizing or grand confrontation. Instead the denouement is set to song and highlights to audiences, young and old alike, that together with values like love, friendship and family, the music of APO is forever". The Cinema Evaluation Board, who gave the film the highest rating, "A" states that the film has exceptional performances. Mell Navarro of Independent Cinema Artists of the Philippines commented, "A must-see film! Wonderful! Brilliant!". According to Bong Austero of Manila Standard Today, "...It (I Do Bidoo Bidoo) is in many ways even better than foreign musicals. For one, it features music that has relevance and meaning in our lives. Second, it’s a movie that makes you feel good about being Filipino." He further stated, "...we are told that it is not exactly making the kind of money that Praybeyt Benjamin or No Other Woman made, which is really sad because I Do Bidoo Bidoo is infinitely better than those two other films, which were major blockbusters...if you don’t patronize movies like I Do Bidoo Bidoo, then you should stop complaining about the sorry state of Philippine cinema."Ateneo de Manila University's official publication, The Guidon gave the film 4 stars of 5 and included it at #6 on their "2012 Top Films".