Paragraph 1: Allan was introduced to songwriter/producer Byron Hill on August 28, 1993, by a mutual friend and talent-scout Jim Seal, at a bar called the Lion D'or in Downey, California, where Allan was already regularly performing. Seal and Hill had asked Allan if they could showcase an unsigned act that they were developing there. Hill had arranged to bring the head of A&R from a major label to the show to see this other act perform. Allan kindly let them use his stage for the event, giving the new act the opening performance slot that night. Hill promised Gary that they would make sure the A&R person remained there to see his portion of the show. Everyone was knocked out with Allan's performance, and very impressed with his voice. From that point on, Byron Hill began sending Gary songs. Without any serious funding at the time, Hill arranged for Allan to go into Seal's small studio in California to try his vocals on some of existing demo tracks that Byron had sent to Gary from Nashville, Tennessee. Meanwhile, Hill became head of A&R at BNA Entertainment on October 29 of that same year and immediately wanted to sign Allan to BNA, but the then current roster conditions and other circumstances related to the planned restructuring of RCA/BNA Nashville stood in the way.

Paragraph 2: Disputes were made on when the city was established. According to research made by historian Stefan Zahariev concluded that Pazardzhik was first founded in 1395, where nomads from Saruhan settled under Bayezid I's orders. First and only, Zahariev implicates the nomads of Sarukhan in the founding of Pazardzhik. To answer the question of how and when the city was founded, Zahariev combines two different episodes in the history of the settlement of Thrace to create a 'story'. Three years later in 1398, according to the history of İbn-i Kemal, the city was founded by the migration of Tatars from Actav to Rumelia. Another claim according to Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall, an Austrian historian and orientalist, is about the establishment is during 1418, where the Minnet Bey and the Tatars from Isquilip, which resettled due to Mehmed I. Mehmed, after taking Samsun, passed through Isquilip and takes punitive measures against Minnet Bey. The reason for this, although presented by Aşıkpaşazadeh in the form of a dialogue, is explicitly stated in the source - Minnet Bey deviated from the campaign to which he had been called. The entire group of Tatars was taken to Rumelia and settled in Konush, where Minnetoglu Mehmed Bey built an imaret and a caravanserai and enlivened the surrounding area. Some facts in the narrative require special attention. According to the contrast of Balkanski, the resettled Tatars belonged to the Samagar tribe and Minnetoglu Bey is portrayed as the executor of the Sultan's will. The leader of the deported Tatars was Minnet Bey and they most likely appeared as part of Timur's forces in the Isquilip region, a fact reported only by the "anonymous". The identity of Minnet Bey has not been fully clarified in historiography. The fourth claim and the preferred one is the city's establishment from the resettled Crimean Tatar people by the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid II's campaign on Kiliia and Akkerman according to the Dutch professor Machiel Kiel. The Tatars settled there in 1485, where the local villages held an annual market and their leadership was entrusted to their leader Sar-Khan Bey, who in turn settled in the depopulated village of Zagorovo, from which Sarukhanbehlu (today Septemvri) emerged. According to Zahariev, a historian from Pazardzhik, the first Tatar settlers were united in the mahalla Hadzha Kalach, which also built the first mosque in the town. It became a town in 1488.

Paragraph 3: Toubeh, (the ancient Tobi) : the 5th Coptic month. Corn and flax should be cleared from weeds, and land that is to be devoted to cotton, sesame, and summer cucurbita, is prepared until the 1st of Amshir. Land destined for the growth of culcas (colocasia), and sugar, should be inundated. Lands found to be uncultivable should be marked out and declared unproductive, in order that they may be exempt from taxation. The first cutting of sugar cane takes place (hasab er-rcis) -. sufficient being left for seed, viz : — one kirat in every feddan. At the end of the month work in canals and dykes should be taken in hand : and much care should be bestowed upon the repairing of sakhiehs ( water wheels), wells, &c. The Nile water is in its clearest and best state in Toubeh, and cisterns should be now filled in Cairo and all large towns. The flesh of sheep is better now than at any other season. Vegetables, especially carrots, are at their best. Horses and mules should be tethered in bersim, and it is now time for the sale of cattle. S. winds (Siba) are more prevalent than N. (Dabour). Taxes are now collected. There are various popular sayings respecting Toubeh, — e. g. that if rain falls on any of the first eleven days, but especially on the Festival of the Epiphany, it is a certain sign of good crops. The fellah says " Yfra en Nusrani" (the Christian is happy ) and asserts that God is contented with his people, and will reward them with a bounteous harvest.

Paragraph 4: During the Second World War he served in 334 company of the BEF in Salonika, Greece, where he was a turner in group workshops. While there he first met Dick Emery, Tony Hancock and Peter Sellers, the latter two as fellow members of Ralph Reader's Gang Shows. Sellers would become a long-lasting close friend. With the Gang Shows, Stark toured the locations where military personnel were seeing active service. After the war he studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and joined the regulars at Grafton's, a pub in Victoria run by Jimmy Grafton, a venue at which soon-to-be-prominent entertainers of the next few decades regularly gathered.

Paragraph 5: In the distant past and in the period of the first Piasts this area was covered with impenetrable forests and impassable bogs, full of wild animals, like any other part of Poland at that time. It was already inhabited. People who lived there were providing the court with wooden paddles (“paddle” – “łopata” in Polish, so the name Łopatki stems from “łopata”). Łopatki is mentioned by the Order of Teutonic Knights' chronicler Konrad. He writes that Łopatki was under the control of the Teutonic commander who resided in Kowalewo and then in Grudziądz. In Teutonic times the area was colonised by people from Silesia. The village was called then Kieslingswalde. There was a church in the settlement then. The village covered 84 włóka. It was completely destroyed by the fire in 1410. Only a church remained but it was plundered in 1410, during the war. It was burnt a second time in 1656 and was not used for a long time. In 1414-1438 the land was lying fallow. It was gradually reclaimed and in 1446 only 4 włóka were not used. Over the course of time, for some unknown reason, the settlement became depopulated. The land became the property of Jerzy from Konopatu. He erected some buildings. In 1640 Łopatki consisted of: a manor, free sołectwo (the lowest unit of local administration, usually comprising a single village; village council office nowadays), 2 lemaństwo (a land given to a soldier). There lived more than 40 peasant families, a lot of them were poor and had to hire themselves out for work. Inhabitants were regarded as the best taxpayers. Łopatki was almost completely plundered during the Second Swedish War. After the war, the village was colonised by Germans. On 20 April 1769 Łopatki was given to Mikołaj Czapski, then the estate was requisitioned by the Prussian government. Łopatki Niemieckie (German Łopatki), Łopatki Polskie (Polish Łopatki), as well as Buczek, became the property of Lubtov, a German major. After colonising a patron estate and a maron “Braunsrode”, Jarantowice, Sitno and Frydrychowo (from the parish Wąbrzeźno) was added to the parish to reinforce it. When the estate Łopatki became the owner of a patron land, it was obliged in 1853 to rebuild a church. That duty was taken over by the canon Sampławski from Radzyń in 1864 because the Catholic community had only 282 inhabitants. When German settlers where founding the village Niemieckie Łopatki, sołectwo was ruled by Rafał Prądzyński. Prądzyński family owned sołectwo with lemaństwo covering 379 morga until 1837 when the estate became the property of the Estate Łopatki. Freehold was granted in 1826. The boundaries of the land were changed because the estate wanted to have its land enclosed within one complex.

Paragraph 6: Kinston was represented by many amateur clubs since the late nineteenth century, but it was unable to sustain a viable professional team until the mid-1920s. Earlier attempts included an aborted campaign in the Class D Eastern Carolina League in  and an "outlaw league" team in  and . The latter was notable for being managed by former major league pitcher George Suggs and College Football Hall of Fame member Ira Rodgers. Due to the efforts of the city's business leaders, former local amateur star Elisha Lewis, and George Suggs, the town secured a professional team in the Virginia League for the  season named the "Eagles".

Paragraph 7: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.

Paragraph 8: There were five different gearboxes available for the Atego. Firstly, the G56, G60 and G85 all-synchromesh manual gearboxes with six forward gears and one reverse gear. They were available with engine-mounted linkage gearshift (G56 and G60), hydraulic gearshift (G85) or Telligent automated gearshift. The G131-9 was a direct-drive gearbox with eight synchronised forward gears, one constant-mesh crawler gear and one reverse gear. It consisted of a 4-speed basic gearbox with pneumatic rear-mounted range unit. Gears were shifted hydropneumatically. Last but not least was the Allison 3000P electronically controlled automatic gearbox. It featured five forward gears and one reverse gear. The chassis was available in wheelbase lengths between 3,260 mm and 5,360 mm at standard spacing of 300 mm. The frame rails featured a continuous hole spacing of 50 mm. Frame components were made of cold-formed E 380 TM and E 500 TM high-strength steel. It consisted of a two-piece modular frame with two symmetrical Z-profile members on front end and straight, untapered, U-shaped longitudinal flange at the rear which were interconnected by means of riveted gusset plates. The front suspension had parabolic leaf springs and for the rear there was a choice of leaf springs or air-suspension with Telligent level control. Steering was power assisted, recirculating ball with variable steering gear ratio.

Paragraph 9: The Académie Royale de Danse, founded by Letters Patent on the initiative of King Louis XIV of France in March 1661, was the first dance institution established in the Western world. As one of King Louis’ first official edicts after the death of royal adviser Jules Mazarin, the “Letters Patent of the King to Establish a Royal Academy of Dance in the City of Paris” represented a critical step towards the young King's wielding of consolidated personal power. Structurally, the Académie consisted of thirteen dancing masters selected by King Louis XIV for being the “most experienced in the Art [of dance].” This "experience" was determined by each dancer's history of success in previous royal productions of ballets de cour. Most famously, eight of the selected dancing masters performed with King Louis XIV during his portrayal of Apollo, the Sun King, in Le Ballet de la nuit (1653). Although the object of the Académie was to reflect, analyze and normalize matters of dance, no document relating to its activity or to this theorization has survived. The Académie Royale de Musique, founded in 1669 as the Académie d'Opéra, was a closely related opera and ballet company, and although the two institutions never merged, members of the dance academy were also associated with the opera. Little by little, recruitment of dancers into the royal entourage gave way to recruitment into the ballet-corps of the Opéra. This slowly altered the Académie's profile, making it and its members more dedicated to dance training alone. By 1775, the Académie was nearing the end of its life. On joining the Académie, Jean-Georges Noverre, one of ballet d’action’s most influential choreographers, commented on its ineffectiveness in making meaningful contributions to the dance world. But Noverre’s dismissive remarks concerning the organization cannot be taken at face value, since on a number of accounts, his statements are polemical, biased and misleading. It is often claimed that the Académie ceased to exist after 1778, merely because a list of the thirteen members was no longer published after this date, or alternatively after 1789, with the coming of French Revolution and the abolition or nationalization of royal institutions. In a tribute to his deceased brother Maximilien published in the  Courrier des spectacles  (30 September 1798), Pierre Gardel, the head choreographer at the Paris Opéra at that time, writes that “these positions, which came with a pension [of 500 livres], passed in turn to the most distinguished dancers. Citizens [Auguste] Vestris and [Pierre] Gardel, currently at the Théâtre de la République et des Arts, are the last to have enjoyed these.” It appears then that the Académie was indeed defunct by 1798. The opera and ballet company has survived and today is known as the Opéra National de Paris.

Paragraph 10: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.

Paragraph 11: In 1918, Max Rothman (John Cusack), a Munich art dealer, is a World War I veteran who lost his right arm in the Third Battle of Ypres, effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany and opens a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina (Molly Parker), but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz (Leelee Sobieski). Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler (Noah Taylor), a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty. Hitler is also an aspiring painter, and wishes to have his artwork displayed.

Paragraph 12: The Académie Royale de Danse, founded by Letters Patent on the initiative of King Louis XIV of France in March 1661, was the first dance institution established in the Western world. As one of King Louis’ first official edicts after the death of royal adviser Jules Mazarin, the “Letters Patent of the King to Establish a Royal Academy of Dance in the City of Paris” represented a critical step towards the young King's wielding of consolidated personal power. Structurally, the Académie consisted of thirteen dancing masters selected by King Louis XIV for being the “most experienced in the Art [of dance].” This "experience" was determined by each dancer's history of success in previous royal productions of ballets de cour. Most famously, eight of the selected dancing masters performed with King Louis XIV during his portrayal of Apollo, the Sun King, in Le Ballet de la nuit (1653). Although the object of the Académie was to reflect, analyze and normalize matters of dance, no document relating to its activity or to this theorization has survived. The Académie Royale de Musique, founded in 1669 as the Académie d'Opéra, was a closely related opera and ballet company, and although the two institutions never merged, members of the dance academy were also associated with the opera. Little by little, recruitment of dancers into the royal entourage gave way to recruitment into the ballet-corps of the Opéra. This slowly altered the Académie's profile, making it and its members more dedicated to dance training alone. By 1775, the Académie was nearing the end of its life. On joining the Académie, Jean-Georges Noverre, one of ballet d’action’s most influential choreographers, commented on its ineffectiveness in making meaningful contributions to the dance world. But Noverre’s dismissive remarks concerning the organization cannot be taken at face value, since on a number of accounts, his statements are polemical, biased and misleading. It is often claimed that the Académie ceased to exist after 1778, merely because a list of the thirteen members was no longer published after this date, or alternatively after 1789, with the coming of French Revolution and the abolition or nationalization of royal institutions. In a tribute to his deceased brother Maximilien published in the  Courrier des spectacles  (30 September 1798), Pierre Gardel, the head choreographer at the Paris Opéra at that time, writes that “these positions, which came with a pension [of 500 livres], passed in turn to the most distinguished dancers. Citizens [Auguste] Vestris and [Pierre] Gardel, currently at the Théâtre de la République et des Arts, are the last to have enjoyed these.” It appears then that the Académie was indeed defunct by 1798. The opera and ballet company has survived and today is known as the Opéra National de Paris.

Paragraph 13: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 14: The Académie Royale de Danse, founded by Letters Patent on the initiative of King Louis XIV of France in March 1661, was the first dance institution established in the Western world. As one of King Louis’ first official edicts after the death of royal adviser Jules Mazarin, the “Letters Patent of the King to Establish a Royal Academy of Dance in the City of Paris” represented a critical step towards the young King's wielding of consolidated personal power. Structurally, the Académie consisted of thirteen dancing masters selected by King Louis XIV for being the “most experienced in the Art [of dance].” This "experience" was determined by each dancer's history of success in previous royal productions of ballets de cour. Most famously, eight of the selected dancing masters performed with King Louis XIV during his portrayal of Apollo, the Sun King, in Le Ballet de la nuit (1653). Although the object of the Académie was to reflect, analyze and normalize matters of dance, no document relating to its activity or to this theorization has survived. The Académie Royale de Musique, founded in 1669 as the Académie d'Opéra, was a closely related opera and ballet company, and although the two institutions never merged, members of the dance academy were also associated with the opera. Little by little, recruitment of dancers into the royal entourage gave way to recruitment into the ballet-corps of the Opéra. This slowly altered the Académie's profile, making it and its members more dedicated to dance training alone. By 1775, the Académie was nearing the end of its life. On joining the Académie, Jean-Georges Noverre, one of ballet d’action’s most influential choreographers, commented on its ineffectiveness in making meaningful contributions to the dance world. But Noverre’s dismissive remarks concerning the organization cannot be taken at face value, since on a number of accounts, his statements are polemical, biased and misleading. It is often claimed that the Académie ceased to exist after 1778, merely because a list of the thirteen members was no longer published after this date, or alternatively after 1789, with the coming of French Revolution and the abolition or nationalization of royal institutions. In a tribute to his deceased brother Maximilien published in the  Courrier des spectacles  (30 September 1798), Pierre Gardel, the head choreographer at the Paris Opéra at that time, writes that “these positions, which came with a pension [of 500 livres], passed in turn to the most distinguished dancers. Citizens [Auguste] Vestris and [Pierre] Gardel, currently at the Théâtre de la République et des Arts, are the last to have enjoyed these.” It appears then that the Académie was indeed defunct by 1798. The opera and ballet company has survived and today is known as the Opéra National de Paris.

Paragraph 15: The Académie Royale de Danse, founded by Letters Patent on the initiative of King Louis XIV of France in March 1661, was the first dance institution established in the Western world. As one of King Louis’ first official edicts after the death of royal adviser Jules Mazarin, the “Letters Patent of the King to Establish a Royal Academy of Dance in the City of Paris” represented a critical step towards the young King's wielding of consolidated personal power. Structurally, the Académie consisted of thirteen dancing masters selected by King Louis XIV for being the “most experienced in the Art [of dance].” This "experience" was determined by each dancer's history of success in previous royal productions of ballets de cour. Most famously, eight of the selected dancing masters performed with King Louis XIV during his portrayal of Apollo, the Sun King, in Le Ballet de la nuit (1653). Although the object of the Académie was to reflect, analyze and normalize matters of dance, no document relating to its activity or to this theorization has survived. The Académie Royale de Musique, founded in 1669 as the Académie d'Opéra, was a closely related opera and ballet company, and although the two institutions never merged, members of the dance academy were also associated with the opera. Little by little, recruitment of dancers into the royal entourage gave way to recruitment into the ballet-corps of the Opéra. This slowly altered the Académie's profile, making it and its members more dedicated to dance training alone. By 1775, the Académie was nearing the end of its life. On joining the Académie, Jean-Georges Noverre, one of ballet d’action’s most influential choreographers, commented on its ineffectiveness in making meaningful contributions to the dance world. But Noverre’s dismissive remarks concerning the organization cannot be taken at face value, since on a number of accounts, his statements are polemical, biased and misleading. It is often claimed that the Académie ceased to exist after 1778, merely because a list of the thirteen members was no longer published after this date, or alternatively after 1789, with the coming of French Revolution and the abolition or nationalization of royal institutions. In a tribute to his deceased brother Maximilien published in the  Courrier des spectacles  (30 September 1798), Pierre Gardel, the head choreographer at the Paris Opéra at that time, writes that “these positions, which came with a pension [of 500 livres], passed in turn to the most distinguished dancers. Citizens [Auguste] Vestris and [Pierre] Gardel, currently at the Théâtre de la République et des Arts, are the last to have enjoyed these.” It appears then that the Académie was indeed defunct by 1798. The opera and ballet company has survived and today is known as the Opéra National de Paris.

Paragraph 16: In 1918, Max Rothman (John Cusack), a Munich art dealer, is a World War I veteran who lost his right arm in the Third Battle of Ypres, effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany and opens a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina (Molly Parker), but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz (Leelee Sobieski). Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler (Noah Taylor), a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty. Hitler is also an aspiring painter, and wishes to have his artwork displayed.

Paragraph 17: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 18: Meanwhile, the construction work continued on the planned route. To the east of the tunnel, the Hunters Point Avenue subway station went up to the level of the Hunterspoint Avenue LIRR station. Immediately east of it was a ramp up to the elevated subway towards Queensboro Plaza. Hunters Point Avenue opened on February 15, 1916, and on November 5 of the same year, it was extended to Queensboro Plaza. Because the line did not have track connections to the rest of the IRT network, a provisional maintenance workshop was operated at the tunnel ramp until 1928. To the west, construction began in 1922. The tunnel was extended to Fifth Avenue on March 23, 1926, and Times Square on March 14, 1927. When Belmont modified the IRT Flushing Line to extend to Times Square and to Flushing, it was found that the loops could not be used for the extensions. The loops on the Queens side of the tunnel were obliterated in the wake of new construction. The loop on the Manhattan side, however, is intact and occupied by maintenance rooms, although the ceiling third rail still exists in the loop. The line from Times Square to Flushing was completed in 1928, when the station at Flushing opened.

Paragraph 19: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 20:  Increase knowledge retention: In the same University of Wisconsin study, 74 percent of the faculty respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my students' learning," with the remaining 26 percent choosing a "neutral" response.  (No faculty respondent disagreed or strongly disagreed with the claim.)  Similarly, 53 percent of the student respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my learning," with only 19 percent disagreeing or strongly disagreeing with that claim.  In a different but related study, Catherine Crouch and Eric Mazur more directly measured the results of Peer Instruction and "ConcepTests" on student learning and retention of information at the end of a semester.  Faculty members using this "Peer Instruction" pedagogical technique present information to students, then ask the students a question that tests their understanding of a key concept.  Students indicate their answer to the instructor using an audience response system, and then they discuss with their fellow students why they chose a particular answer, trying to explain to one another their underlying thinking.  The instructor then asks the question again to see the new student results.  The study authors used scanned forms and hand-raising for audience response in the initial year of the study, and then they switched to a computer-based audience response system in the following years.  The "clicker" use was only part of a multi-pronged attempt to introduce peer instruction, but overall they found that "the students taught with P[eer] I[instruction] (Spring 2000, N = 155) significantly outperformed the students taught traditionally (Spring 1999, N = 178)" on  two standard tests – the "Force Concept Inventory and the Mechanics Baseline Test" – and on traditional course exams as well. A Johns Hopkins study on the use of audience response systems in Continuing Medical Education (CME) for physicians and other health personnel found no significant difference in knowledge scores between ARS and non-ARS participants in a clinical round table trial involving 42 programs across the United States.

Paragraph 21: In the distant past and in the period of the first Piasts this area was covered with impenetrable forests and impassable bogs, full of wild animals, like any other part of Poland at that time. It was already inhabited. People who lived there were providing the court with wooden paddles (“paddle” – “łopata” in Polish, so the name Łopatki stems from “łopata”). Łopatki is mentioned by the Order of Teutonic Knights' chronicler Konrad. He writes that Łopatki was under the control of the Teutonic commander who resided in Kowalewo and then in Grudziądz. In Teutonic times the area was colonised by people from Silesia. The village was called then Kieslingswalde. There was a church in the settlement then. The village covered 84 włóka. It was completely destroyed by the fire in 1410. Only a church remained but it was plundered in 1410, during the war. It was burnt a second time in 1656 and was not used for a long time. In 1414-1438 the land was lying fallow. It was gradually reclaimed and in 1446 only 4 włóka were not used. Over the course of time, for some unknown reason, the settlement became depopulated. The land became the property of Jerzy from Konopatu. He erected some buildings. In 1640 Łopatki consisted of: a manor, free sołectwo (the lowest unit of local administration, usually comprising a single village; village council office nowadays), 2 lemaństwo (a land given to a soldier). There lived more than 40 peasant families, a lot of them were poor and had to hire themselves out for work. Inhabitants were regarded as the best taxpayers. Łopatki was almost completely plundered during the Second Swedish War. After the war, the village was colonised by Germans. On 20 April 1769 Łopatki was given to Mikołaj Czapski, then the estate was requisitioned by the Prussian government. Łopatki Niemieckie (German Łopatki), Łopatki Polskie (Polish Łopatki), as well as Buczek, became the property of Lubtov, a German major. After colonising a patron estate and a maron “Braunsrode”, Jarantowice, Sitno and Frydrychowo (from the parish Wąbrzeźno) was added to the parish to reinforce it. When the estate Łopatki became the owner of a patron land, it was obliged in 1853 to rebuild a church. That duty was taken over by the canon Sampławski from Radzyń in 1864 because the Catholic community had only 282 inhabitants. When German settlers where founding the village Niemieckie Łopatki, sołectwo was ruled by Rafał Prądzyński. Prądzyński family owned sołectwo with lemaństwo covering 379 morga until 1837 when the estate became the property of the Estate Łopatki. Freehold was granted in 1826. The boundaries of the land were changed because the estate wanted to have its land enclosed within one complex.

Paragraph 22: Meanwhile, the construction work continued on the planned route. To the east of the tunnel, the Hunters Point Avenue subway station went up to the level of the Hunterspoint Avenue LIRR station. Immediately east of it was a ramp up to the elevated subway towards Queensboro Plaza. Hunters Point Avenue opened on February 15, 1916, and on November 5 of the same year, it was extended to Queensboro Plaza. Because the line did not have track connections to the rest of the IRT network, a provisional maintenance workshop was operated at the tunnel ramp until 1928. To the west, construction began in 1922. The tunnel was extended to Fifth Avenue on March 23, 1926, and Times Square on March 14, 1927. When Belmont modified the IRT Flushing Line to extend to Times Square and to Flushing, it was found that the loops could not be used for the extensions. The loops on the Queens side of the tunnel were obliterated in the wake of new construction. The loop on the Manhattan side, however, is intact and occupied by maintenance rooms, although the ceiling third rail still exists in the loop. The line from Times Square to Flushing was completed in 1928, when the station at Flushing opened.

Paragraph 23: There were five different gearboxes available for the Atego. Firstly, the G56, G60 and G85 all-synchromesh manual gearboxes with six forward gears and one reverse gear. They were available with engine-mounted linkage gearshift (G56 and G60), hydraulic gearshift (G85) or Telligent automated gearshift. The G131-9 was a direct-drive gearbox with eight synchronised forward gears, one constant-mesh crawler gear and one reverse gear. It consisted of a 4-speed basic gearbox with pneumatic rear-mounted range unit. Gears were shifted hydropneumatically. Last but not least was the Allison 3000P electronically controlled automatic gearbox. It featured five forward gears and one reverse gear. The chassis was available in wheelbase lengths between 3,260 mm and 5,360 mm at standard spacing of 300 mm. The frame rails featured a continuous hole spacing of 50 mm. Frame components were made of cold-formed E 380 TM and E 500 TM high-strength steel. It consisted of a two-piece modular frame with two symmetrical Z-profile members on front end and straight, untapered, U-shaped longitudinal flange at the rear which were interconnected by means of riveted gusset plates. The front suspension had parabolic leaf springs and for the rear there was a choice of leaf springs or air-suspension with Telligent level control. Steering was power assisted, recirculating ball with variable steering gear ratio.

Paragraph 24: Meissa is a giant star with a stellar classification of O8 III and an apparent visible magnitude 3.54. It is an enormous star with about 26-28 times the mass of the Sun and 10-13  times the Sun's radius. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of around 35,000 K,  giving it the characteristic blue glow of a hot O-type star. Meissa is a soft X-ray source with a luminosity of 1032 erg s−1 and peak emission in the energy range of 0.2–0.3 keV, which suggests the X-rays are probably being generated by the stellar wind. The stellar wind of Meissa is well characterized by a mass-loss rate of  solar masses per year and a terminal velocity of .

Paragraph 25: In the distant past and in the period of the first Piasts this area was covered with impenetrable forests and impassable bogs, full of wild animals, like any other part of Poland at that time. It was already inhabited. People who lived there were providing the court with wooden paddles (“paddle” – “łopata” in Polish, so the name Łopatki stems from “łopata”). Łopatki is mentioned by the Order of Teutonic Knights' chronicler Konrad. He writes that Łopatki was under the control of the Teutonic commander who resided in Kowalewo and then in Grudziądz. In Teutonic times the area was colonised by people from Silesia. The village was called then Kieslingswalde. There was a church in the settlement then. The village covered 84 włóka. It was completely destroyed by the fire in 1410. Only a church remained but it was plundered in 1410, during the war. It was burnt a second time in 1656 and was not used for a long time. In 1414-1438 the land was lying fallow. It was gradually reclaimed and in 1446 only 4 włóka were not used. Over the course of time, for some unknown reason, the settlement became depopulated. The land became the property of Jerzy from Konopatu. He erected some buildings. In 1640 Łopatki consisted of: a manor, free sołectwo (the lowest unit of local administration, usually comprising a single village; village council office nowadays), 2 lemaństwo (a land given to a soldier). There lived more than 40 peasant families, a lot of them were poor and had to hire themselves out for work. Inhabitants were regarded as the best taxpayers. Łopatki was almost completely plundered during the Second Swedish War. After the war, the village was colonised by Germans. On 20 April 1769 Łopatki was given to Mikołaj Czapski, then the estate was requisitioned by the Prussian government. Łopatki Niemieckie (German Łopatki), Łopatki Polskie (Polish Łopatki), as well as Buczek, became the property of Lubtov, a German major. After colonising a patron estate and a maron “Braunsrode”, Jarantowice, Sitno and Frydrychowo (from the parish Wąbrzeźno) was added to the parish to reinforce it. When the estate Łopatki became the owner of a patron land, it was obliged in 1853 to rebuild a church. That duty was taken over by the canon Sampławski from Radzyń in 1864 because the Catholic community had only 282 inhabitants. When German settlers where founding the village Niemieckie Łopatki, sołectwo was ruled by Rafał Prądzyński. Prądzyński family owned sołectwo with lemaństwo covering 379 morga until 1837 when the estate became the property of the Estate Łopatki. Freehold was granted in 1826. The boundaries of the land were changed because the estate wanted to have its land enclosed within one complex.

Paragraph 26: Toubeh, (the ancient Tobi) : the 5th Coptic month. Corn and flax should be cleared from weeds, and land that is to be devoted to cotton, sesame, and summer cucurbita, is prepared until the 1st of Amshir. Land destined for the growth of culcas (colocasia), and sugar, should be inundated. Lands found to be uncultivable should be marked out and declared unproductive, in order that they may be exempt from taxation. The first cutting of sugar cane takes place (hasab er-rcis) -. sufficient being left for seed, viz : — one kirat in every feddan. At the end of the month work in canals and dykes should be taken in hand : and much care should be bestowed upon the repairing of sakhiehs ( water wheels), wells, &c. The Nile water is in its clearest and best state in Toubeh, and cisterns should be now filled in Cairo and all large towns. The flesh of sheep is better now than at any other season. Vegetables, especially carrots, are at their best. Horses and mules should be tethered in bersim, and it is now time for the sale of cattle. S. winds (Siba) are more prevalent than N. (Dabour). Taxes are now collected. There are various popular sayings respecting Toubeh, — e. g. that if rain falls on any of the first eleven days, but especially on the Festival of the Epiphany, it is a certain sign of good crops. The fellah says " Yfra en Nusrani" (the Christian is happy ) and asserts that God is contented with his people, and will reward them with a bounteous harvest.

Paragraph 27: Disputes were made on when the city was established. According to research made by historian Stefan Zahariev concluded that Pazardzhik was first founded in 1395, where nomads from Saruhan settled under Bayezid I's orders. First and only, Zahariev implicates the nomads of Sarukhan in the founding of Pazardzhik. To answer the question of how and when the city was founded, Zahariev combines two different episodes in the history of the settlement of Thrace to create a 'story'. Three years later in 1398, according to the history of İbn-i Kemal, the city was founded by the migration of Tatars from Actav to Rumelia. Another claim according to Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall, an Austrian historian and orientalist, is about the establishment is during 1418, where the Minnet Bey and the Tatars from Isquilip, which resettled due to Mehmed I. Mehmed, after taking Samsun, passed through Isquilip and takes punitive measures against Minnet Bey. The reason for this, although presented by Aşıkpaşazadeh in the form of a dialogue, is explicitly stated in the source - Minnet Bey deviated from the campaign to which he had been called. The entire group of Tatars was taken to Rumelia and settled in Konush, where Minnetoglu Mehmed Bey built an imaret and a caravanserai and enlivened the surrounding area. Some facts in the narrative require special attention. According to the contrast of Balkanski, the resettled Tatars belonged to the Samagar tribe and Minnetoglu Bey is portrayed as the executor of the Sultan's will. The leader of the deported Tatars was Minnet Bey and they most likely appeared as part of Timur's forces in the Isquilip region, a fact reported only by the "anonymous". The identity of Minnet Bey has not been fully clarified in historiography. The fourth claim and the preferred one is the city's establishment from the resettled Crimean Tatar people by the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid II's campaign on Kiliia and Akkerman according to the Dutch professor Machiel Kiel. The Tatars settled there in 1485, where the local villages held an annual market and their leadership was entrusted to their leader Sar-Khan Bey, who in turn settled in the depopulated village of Zagorovo, from which Sarukhanbehlu (today Septemvri) emerged. According to Zahariev, a historian from Pazardzhik, the first Tatar settlers were united in the mahalla Hadzha Kalach, which also built the first mosque in the town. It became a town in 1488.

Paragraph 28: In the distant past and in the period of the first Piasts this area was covered with impenetrable forests and impassable bogs, full of wild animals, like any other part of Poland at that time. It was already inhabited. People who lived there were providing the court with wooden paddles (“paddle” – “łopata” in Polish, so the name Łopatki stems from “łopata”). Łopatki is mentioned by the Order of Teutonic Knights' chronicler Konrad. He writes that Łopatki was under the control of the Teutonic commander who resided in Kowalewo and then in Grudziądz. In Teutonic times the area was colonised by people from Silesia. The village was called then Kieslingswalde. There was a church in the settlement then. The village covered 84 włóka. It was completely destroyed by the fire in 1410. Only a church remained but it was plundered in 1410, during the war. It was burnt a second time in 1656 and was not used for a long time. In 1414-1438 the land was lying fallow. It was gradually reclaimed and in 1446 only 4 włóka were not used. Over the course of time, for some unknown reason, the settlement became depopulated. The land became the property of Jerzy from Konopatu. He erected some buildings. In 1640 Łopatki consisted of: a manor, free sołectwo (the lowest unit of local administration, usually comprising a single village; village council office nowadays), 2 lemaństwo (a land given to a soldier). There lived more than 40 peasant families, a lot of them were poor and had to hire themselves out for work. Inhabitants were regarded as the best taxpayers. Łopatki was almost completely plundered during the Second Swedish War. After the war, the village was colonised by Germans. On 20 April 1769 Łopatki was given to Mikołaj Czapski, then the estate was requisitioned by the Prussian government. Łopatki Niemieckie (German Łopatki), Łopatki Polskie (Polish Łopatki), as well as Buczek, became the property of Lubtov, a German major. After colonising a patron estate and a maron “Braunsrode”, Jarantowice, Sitno and Frydrychowo (from the parish Wąbrzeźno) was added to the parish to reinforce it. When the estate Łopatki became the owner of a patron land, it was obliged in 1853 to rebuild a church. That duty was taken over by the canon Sampławski from Radzyń in 1864 because the Catholic community had only 282 inhabitants. When German settlers where founding the village Niemieckie Łopatki, sołectwo was ruled by Rafał Prądzyński. Prądzyński family owned sołectwo with lemaństwo covering 379 morga until 1837 when the estate became the property of the Estate Łopatki. Freehold was granted in 1826. The boundaries of the land were changed because the estate wanted to have its land enclosed within one complex.

Paragraph 29: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 30: Toubeh, (the ancient Tobi) : the 5th Coptic month. Corn and flax should be cleared from weeds, and land that is to be devoted to cotton, sesame, and summer cucurbita, is prepared until the 1st of Amshir. Land destined for the growth of culcas (colocasia), and sugar, should be inundated. Lands found to be uncultivable should be marked out and declared unproductive, in order that they may be exempt from taxation. The first cutting of sugar cane takes place (hasab er-rcis) -. sufficient being left for seed, viz : — one kirat in every feddan. At the end of the month work in canals and dykes should be taken in hand : and much care should be bestowed upon the repairing of sakhiehs ( water wheels), wells, &c. The Nile water is in its clearest and best state in Toubeh, and cisterns should be now filled in Cairo and all large towns. The flesh of sheep is better now than at any other season. Vegetables, especially carrots, are at their best. Horses and mules should be tethered in bersim, and it is now time for the sale of cattle. S. winds (Siba) are more prevalent than N. (Dabour). Taxes are now collected. There are various popular sayings respecting Toubeh, — e. g. that if rain falls on any of the first eleven days, but especially on the Festival of the Epiphany, it is a certain sign of good crops. The fellah says " Yfra en Nusrani" (the Christian is happy ) and asserts that God is contented with his people, and will reward them with a bounteous harvest.

Paragraph 31: The German ships were unaware of the sinking until the following afternoon and continued onward to the rendezvous point. They had been spotted by an American Liberator bomber on the morning of the 28th and the British light cruisers  and , which were assigned to Stonewall, maneuvered to intercept them. By this time, the weather had gotten significantly worse and the German ships were steaming for home, hampered by the rough seas that threw sea spray over their forward guns which made their operation difficult. It also severely reduced visibility and hampered the rangefinders and sights for the guns and torpedoes. Using her radar, Glasgow was the first to open fire at 13:46 at a range of  with Enterprise following a few minutes later. About that time, the destroyers began firing back with guns and torpedoes; the latter all missed and one hit was made on Glasgow at 14:05. Kapitän zur See (Captain) Hans Erdmenger, commander of the 8th Flotilla, decided to split his forces and ordered the destroyers , , and T22, T25 and T26 to reverse course to the north at 14:18. The cruisers pursued them with Enterprise crippling Z27 and Glasgow engaging T25. At 14:54 the cruiser began to make multiple hits on T25, killing the crews of the aft torpedo tubes, the quadruple 2 cm gun mount and the 3.7 cm guns. They also stopped one turbine and severed the oil pipes supplying after engine room, causing the boat to lose speed. Another hit blew the foremast and the forward funnel overboard and knocked out electrical power. At 15:10 T25 fired her forward torpedoes without effect. Her captain requested that T22 come alongside and rescue his crew, but Glasgows intense fire prevented her from complying. The cruiser switched targets to T26 shortly afterwards, leaving T24 drifting by herself with some hope of restarting one turbine. At 16:35 Enterprise reappeared and closed to a range of , despite sporadic firing from the German guns, which were almost out of ammunition, before firing one torpedo that caused T25 to founder at 16:46 with the loss of 85 crewmen. The survivors were rescued by , which picked up 34 men from T25; several hundred other survivors from Z27, T25 and T26 were rescued by the Irish merchantman , the British minesweeper  and two Spanish destroyers, but the precise breakdown of which survivors belong to which ship is not available.

Paragraph 32: The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee deem it a duty to associate themselves most closely with the view of the Secretary of State and to express their horror and detestation of the mob tyranny incompatible with the ideas of a republican democracy which is now exercised by the Bolshevik government as being destructive of life, property and the political and personal rights of the individual. …All those political parties which sought to bring about reforms in Russia drew much of their strength and intellect from among the Jews, who had the most to gain from any amelioration of the political system. Jews were as prominent among the conservative reforms parties, such as the Cadets, as among the extreme radicals. …The Lenin-Trotsky Cabinet has several members of Jewish ancestry…which led to the erroneous assumption that the Jews of Russia were identified with this bloodthirsty and irresponsible group. The Jews of Russia in overwhelming proportion are not in sympathy with the doctrines and much less with the methods of the Bolsheviki. Lenin gas said of the Bund, which is a radical labor organization composed of Jews that they are worse that the Cadets. There are insistent reports that in many localities Jews are the victims of outrages at the hands of the Bolsheviki as bad if not worse than those suffered at the hands of the autocratic government. There are also reports that the Bolsheviki leaders have made vain attempts to range the Jews on their side by offering them government support for their theatres, schools and publishing enterprises.The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee have sincerely at heart the welfare of the Russian people and have full confidence in the ultimate emergence of Russia as one of the greatest democracies in the family of nations. The Committee are profoundly appreciative of the fact that one of the first acts of the Russian people after the Revolution was the emancipation of the five million Jews of Russia. They would, therefore, regards as a great calamity both to the Jews of Russia and to the future of Russia itself, the general acceptance of the erroneous idea that the Jews of Russia, as such, countenance the misdeeds of the Bolsheviki. While there are Jews identified with the Bolsheviki movement, this is merely because Jews are affiliated with all parties in Russia. …It is as unjust and unreasonable to infer from the prominence of some individuals Jews in the Bolshevik peart that the Jews of Russia subscribe to it, as to infer the contrary from the isolated fact that a Jewish girl attempted to assassinate Lenin. Such an inference if generally accepted would be eagerly seized upon by the reactionary elements of Russia who would once again make of the Jews a scapegoat for all the wrong suffered by Russia because of Bolshevik misrule. As the main body of the Jews are ranged on the side of law and order in Russia, this would be a great calamity and would help to defer the realization of the hopes of those who are working for the early creation in Russia of an orderly, democratic government.  The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee, AJC Archives, Adler files 

Paragraph 33: He graduated in 1848 from Yale University, where his uncle Theodore Dwight Woolsey was President, and he was a member of the Phi Chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He traveled for a year in Great Britain and Europe and then through the United States, settling in Staten Island in the 1850s. After contributing to periodicals, short sketches, and stories, which attracted little attention, Winthrop enlisted in the 7th Regiment, New York State Militia, an early volunteer unit of the Federal Army that answered President Abraham Lincoln's call for troops in 1861. He wrote a popular essay about the experience titled "Our March to Washington."  He was appointed Major and soon became an aide-de-camp to Major General Benjamin Butler, commander of the Department of Virginia headquartered at Fort Monroe.  Winthrop had, along with his younger brother William Winthrop who later became the nation's leading authority on military law, long been an abolitionist.  Butler credited Winthrop with first formulating the policy that automatically conferred freedmen status on escaped slaves who entered into Union Army held territory.

Paragraph 34:  Increase knowledge retention: In the same University of Wisconsin study, 74 percent of the faculty respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my students' learning," with the remaining 26 percent choosing a "neutral" response.  (No faculty respondent disagreed or strongly disagreed with the claim.)  Similarly, 53 percent of the student respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my learning," with only 19 percent disagreeing or strongly disagreeing with that claim.  In a different but related study, Catherine Crouch and Eric Mazur more directly measured the results of Peer Instruction and "ConcepTests" on student learning and retention of information at the end of a semester.  Faculty members using this "Peer Instruction" pedagogical technique present information to students, then ask the students a question that tests their understanding of a key concept.  Students indicate their answer to the instructor using an audience response system, and then they discuss with their fellow students why they chose a particular answer, trying to explain to one another their underlying thinking.  The instructor then asks the question again to see the new student results.  The study authors used scanned forms and hand-raising for audience response in the initial year of the study, and then they switched to a computer-based audience response system in the following years.  The "clicker" use was only part of a multi-pronged attempt to introduce peer instruction, but overall they found that "the students taught with P[eer] I[instruction] (Spring 2000, N = 155) significantly outperformed the students taught traditionally (Spring 1999, N = 178)" on  two standard tests – the "Force Concept Inventory and the Mechanics Baseline Test" – and on traditional course exams as well. A Johns Hopkins study on the use of audience response systems in Continuing Medical Education (CME) for physicians and other health personnel found no significant difference in knowledge scores between ARS and non-ARS participants in a clinical round table trial involving 42 programs across the United States.

Paragraph 35: On 16 July 1944, an advance party left for Normandy, France, with the regiment as a whole arriving a couple of days later. The morning of July 25, 1944, all four companies of the Algonquin Regiment landed on Juno Beach where, in the following days, learnt of their ensuing mission to support the 4th Canadian (Armoured) Division in closing the Falaise Gap.  August 9, 1944, the regiment, supporting BCR (British Columbia Regiment), jointly forming 'Worthington Force' were tasked with taking Hill 195, taking an unfortunate wrong turn at 02:00 hours they ended up four miles east of Hill 195, closer to Hill 140, deep in German territory. The regiment suffered heavy losses with total casualties of 128 men and 47 tanks. The leader of the force, BCR commander Lt. Col Don Worthington, was killed and the Algonquins' commander, Lt. Col. Art Hay, was seriously wounded. R.S.M. A. J. Primeau was killed by the same mortar bomb that seriously wounded Hay . Leading up to August 31, 1944, the Algonquin Regiment, moving within the Fourth CAD, were tasked with filling the gap to the south at Hill 240, fighting alongside the 1st Polish Armoured Division.  The period from August 31 to September 8 was a period of rapid movement into Belgium, halted on the eighth at the Ghent–Brugge Canal.  Fighting, all day and suffering multiple setbacks resulting in numerous casualties across all the regiments, ended September 10 with the Allies across the Ghent–Brugge Canal after holding back the German counterattacks. A few days later the attempt of the regiment to cross the Leopold Canal was successfully repelled at Moerkerke by the German 245 Infantry Division. The Canadians pulled back after a tremendous covering artillery barrage. The regiment continued with the Fourth Division north out of Belgium into the Netherlands in a progression of battles for the north shore of the Sheldt area eventually leading to the liberation of Welberg and Steenbergen.  The operation to liberate Welberg was initiated on October 31, 1944, however with "D" Company resting, all "A", "B" and "C" Companies fell short of their objectives facing massive German counterattacks.  Fighting continued on until November 1 when the regiment retreated back to a few km outside of Welberg.  On November 2 they launched their second attack, this time along the right side of the town, fighting continued throughout the night.

Paragraph 36: The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee deem it a duty to associate themselves most closely with the view of the Secretary of State and to express their horror and detestation of the mob tyranny incompatible with the ideas of a republican democracy which is now exercised by the Bolshevik government as being destructive of life, property and the political and personal rights of the individual. …All those political parties which sought to bring about reforms in Russia drew much of their strength and intellect from among the Jews, who had the most to gain from any amelioration of the political system. Jews were as prominent among the conservative reforms parties, such as the Cadets, as among the extreme radicals. …The Lenin-Trotsky Cabinet has several members of Jewish ancestry…which led to the erroneous assumption that the Jews of Russia were identified with this bloodthirsty and irresponsible group. The Jews of Russia in overwhelming proportion are not in sympathy with the doctrines and much less with the methods of the Bolsheviki. Lenin gas said of the Bund, which is a radical labor organization composed of Jews that they are worse that the Cadets. There are insistent reports that in many localities Jews are the victims of outrages at the hands of the Bolsheviki as bad if not worse than those suffered at the hands of the autocratic government. There are also reports that the Bolsheviki leaders have made vain attempts to range the Jews on their side by offering them government support for their theatres, schools and publishing enterprises.The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee have sincerely at heart the welfare of the Russian people and have full confidence in the ultimate emergence of Russia as one of the greatest democracies in the family of nations. The Committee are profoundly appreciative of the fact that one of the first acts of the Russian people after the Revolution was the emancipation of the five million Jews of Russia. They would, therefore, regards as a great calamity both to the Jews of Russia and to the future of Russia itself, the general acceptance of the erroneous idea that the Jews of Russia, as such, countenance the misdeeds of the Bolsheviki. While there are Jews identified with the Bolsheviki movement, this is merely because Jews are affiliated with all parties in Russia. …It is as unjust and unreasonable to infer from the prominence of some individuals Jews in the Bolshevik peart that the Jews of Russia subscribe to it, as to infer the contrary from the isolated fact that a Jewish girl attempted to assassinate Lenin. Such an inference if generally accepted would be eagerly seized upon by the reactionary elements of Russia who would once again make of the Jews a scapegoat for all the wrong suffered by Russia because of Bolshevik misrule. As the main body of the Jews are ranged on the side of law and order in Russia, this would be a great calamity and would help to defer the realization of the hopes of those who are working for the early creation in Russia of an orderly, democratic government.  The Executive Committee of the American Jewish Committee, AJC Archives, Adler files 

Paragraph 37: There were five different gearboxes available for the Atego. Firstly, the G56, G60 and G85 all-synchromesh manual gearboxes with six forward gears and one reverse gear. They were available with engine-mounted linkage gearshift (G56 and G60), hydraulic gearshift (G85) or Telligent automated gearshift. The G131-9 was a direct-drive gearbox with eight synchronised forward gears, one constant-mesh crawler gear and one reverse gear. It consisted of a 4-speed basic gearbox with pneumatic rear-mounted range unit. Gears were shifted hydropneumatically. Last but not least was the Allison 3000P electronically controlled automatic gearbox. It featured five forward gears and one reverse gear. The chassis was available in wheelbase lengths between 3,260 mm and 5,360 mm at standard spacing of 300 mm. The frame rails featured a continuous hole spacing of 50 mm. Frame components were made of cold-formed E 380 TM and E 500 TM high-strength steel. It consisted of a two-piece modular frame with two symmetrical Z-profile members on front end and straight, untapered, U-shaped longitudinal flange at the rear which were interconnected by means of riveted gusset plates. The front suspension had parabolic leaf springs and for the rear there was a choice of leaf springs or air-suspension with Telligent level control. Steering was power assisted, recirculating ball with variable steering gear ratio.

Paragraph 38: During the Second World War he served in 334 company of the BEF in Salonika, Greece, where he was a turner in group workshops. While there he first met Dick Emery, Tony Hancock and Peter Sellers, the latter two as fellow members of Ralph Reader's Gang Shows. Sellers would become a long-lasting close friend. With the Gang Shows, Stark toured the locations where military personnel were seeing active service. After the war he studied at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, and joined the regulars at Grafton's, a pub in Victoria run by Jimmy Grafton, a venue at which soon-to-be-prominent entertainers of the next few decades regularly gathered.

Paragraph 39: In 1918, Max Rothman (John Cusack), a Munich art dealer, is a World War I veteran who lost his right arm in the Third Battle of Ypres, effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany and opens a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina (Molly Parker), but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz (Leelee Sobieski). Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler (Noah Taylor), a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty. Hitler is also an aspiring painter, and wishes to have his artwork displayed.

Paragraph 40: Giorgos Kamaras was born in 1931 in Patisia#Kato PatisiaKato Patisia, but his origin was from Roumeli and the village of Mousounitsa. His younger brother was Aristidis Kamaras.He spent his childhood in Athens and grew up in the fields of Nea Filadelfeia. Before he turned 15, he made his first football steps with the team of Chalkidona. Later, having too much confidence in his abilities, he went to be tested at AEK Athens, but things did not turn out pleasantly for him. Despite the fact that his performance was excellent, the then coach of the club, Giorgos Daispangos rejected him because of his height. His frustration was great, but even greater was his desire to prove his worth. So, a few months later he signed for Apollon Athens, where having coach Romylos Fronimidis, within a year, he managed to play in the men's team. "Kamaras" is a nickname that his teammates gave to Apollo a little later, due to his long pass that made an arch in its orbit. The position in which he emerged was that of a striker and despite his lack of height he managed to make an impressive career. He made his debut as a key player in Apollon's squad on March 25, 1948, in a friendly match against Olympiacos at Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium. The game ended in a 0–0 draw and Kamaras was impressive. Since then, his place in the starting lineup was almost secured. This was followed by 16 consecutive years of service and presence in the team of the "Light Brigade" with which he associated his name. Throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, he was Apollon's greatest threat to the opposing defenses. Kamaras finished 2nd in the top scorers of the Greek championship in the 1959–60 season, the first of the Greek nationwide league, scoring 19 goals, while scoring the same number of goals in 26 games, he was 3rd for the 1961–62 season, leading Apollon to 3rd place, the club's best performance, so far in the Greek championship. He was also the top scorer in the Greek Cup in 1952. The main feature of his game was the strong and sudden shots. He could "execute" from any position and distance, surprising the goalkeepers. His exceptional endurance and speed overshadowed the disadvantage of his height until the 1962–63 season when he retired from football which offered unique moments of spectacle. He ended his career at Apollon, at the age of 34 having 61 appearances and 36 goals in the Greek Championship.

Paragraph 41: Jan Yoors (12 April 192227 November 1977) was a Belgian-American artist, photographer, painter, sculptor, writer, filmmaker, and tapestry creator. Growing up in Antwerp to liberal, pacifist parents, his father Eugeen Yoors, a famed stained-glass artist, Yoors studied painting before deciding to live with a Rom kumpania he encountered on the outskirts of Antwerp at the age of twelve, and about which he would later write two memoirs, The Gypsies (1967) and Crossing: A Journal of Survival and Resistance in World War II (1971), the latter about living with the Rom during World War II. Yoors fled to London after the war where he lived with his wife Annebert and her best friend Marianne. It is at this point that Yoors began to design tapestries and set up a tapestry studio with his wife Annebert and Marianne. In 1950 he moved to New York, traveling there under the guise of a journalist. The following year, Annebert and Marianne joined and the three set up the Jan Yoors Studio. In New York, Yoors befriended numerous figures in the art and design worlds. He received commissions from corporations such as Bank of America, and J.P. Morgan, and private collectors. His work was seen in numerous exhibitions across the United States and internationally. In New York in the 50s, Yoors also continued his passion for photography, which he began while living with the Rom, documenting the streets of New York. He traveled extensively on a trip to revisit his Rom family in Europe, and, in 1966–67 photographed post-war religious buildings for Edward Sovik as part of the First International Congress on Religion, Architecture, and the Visual Arts in New York. Yoors's oeuvre is currently represented by several galleries in New York, Europe including reGeneration Furniture, Todd Merrill, L Parker Stephenson Photographs, and Fifty One Fine Art Photography, Antwerp, and regularly shown at design and photography fairs.

Paragraph 42: Disputes were made on when the city was established. According to research made by historian Stefan Zahariev concluded that Pazardzhik was first founded in 1395, where nomads from Saruhan settled under Bayezid I's orders. First and only, Zahariev implicates the nomads of Sarukhan in the founding of Pazardzhik. To answer the question of how and when the city was founded, Zahariev combines two different episodes in the history of the settlement of Thrace to create a 'story'. Three years later in 1398, according to the history of İbn-i Kemal, the city was founded by the migration of Tatars from Actav to Rumelia. Another claim according to Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall, an Austrian historian and orientalist, is about the establishment is during 1418, where the Minnet Bey and the Tatars from Isquilip, which resettled due to Mehmed I. Mehmed, after taking Samsun, passed through Isquilip and takes punitive measures against Minnet Bey. The reason for this, although presented by Aşıkpaşazadeh in the form of a dialogue, is explicitly stated in the source - Minnet Bey deviated from the campaign to which he had been called. The entire group of Tatars was taken to Rumelia and settled in Konush, where Minnetoglu Mehmed Bey built an imaret and a caravanserai and enlivened the surrounding area. Some facts in the narrative require special attention. According to the contrast of Balkanski, the resettled Tatars belonged to the Samagar tribe and Minnetoglu Bey is portrayed as the executor of the Sultan's will. The leader of the deported Tatars was Minnet Bey and they most likely appeared as part of Timur's forces in the Isquilip region, a fact reported only by the "anonymous". The identity of Minnet Bey has not been fully clarified in historiography. The fourth claim and the preferred one is the city's establishment from the resettled Crimean Tatar people by the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid II's campaign on Kiliia and Akkerman according to the Dutch professor Machiel Kiel. The Tatars settled there in 1485, where the local villages held an annual market and their leadership was entrusted to their leader Sar-Khan Bey, who in turn settled in the depopulated village of Zagorovo, from which Sarukhanbehlu (today Septemvri) emerged. According to Zahariev, a historian from Pazardzhik, the first Tatar settlers were united in the mahalla Hadzha Kalach, which also built the first mosque in the town. It became a town in 1488.

Paragraph 43:  Increase knowledge retention: In the same University of Wisconsin study, 74 percent of the faculty respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my students' learning," with the remaining 26 percent choosing a "neutral" response.  (No faculty respondent disagreed or strongly disagreed with the claim.)  Similarly, 53 percent of the student respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the claim "Clickers have been beneficial to my learning," with only 19 percent disagreeing or strongly disagreeing with that claim.  In a different but related study, Catherine Crouch and Eric Mazur more directly measured the results of Peer Instruction and "ConcepTests" on student learning and retention of information at the end of a semester.  Faculty members using this "Peer Instruction" pedagogical technique present information to students, then ask the students a question that tests their understanding of a key concept.  Students indicate their answer to the instructor using an audience response system, and then they discuss with their fellow students why they chose a particular answer, trying to explain to one another their underlying thinking.  The instructor then asks the question again to see the new student results.  The study authors used scanned forms and hand-raising for audience response in the initial year of the study, and then they switched to a computer-based audience response system in the following years.  The "clicker" use was only part of a multi-pronged attempt to introduce peer instruction, but overall they found that "the students taught with P[eer] I[instruction] (Spring 2000, N = 155) significantly outperformed the students taught traditionally (Spring 1999, N = 178)" on  two standard tests – the "Force Concept Inventory and the Mechanics Baseline Test" – and on traditional course exams as well. A Johns Hopkins study on the use of audience response systems in Continuing Medical Education (CME) for physicians and other health personnel found no significant difference in knowledge scores between ARS and non-ARS participants in a clinical round table trial involving 42 programs across the United States.

Paragraph 44: Allan was introduced to songwriter/producer Byron Hill on August 28, 1993, by a mutual friend and talent-scout Jim Seal, at a bar called the Lion D'or in Downey, California, where Allan was already regularly performing. Seal and Hill had asked Allan if they could showcase an unsigned act that they were developing there. Hill had arranged to bring the head of A&R from a major label to the show to see this other act perform. Allan kindly let them use his stage for the event, giving the new act the opening performance slot that night. Hill promised Gary that they would make sure the A&R person remained there to see his portion of the show. Everyone was knocked out with Allan's performance, and very impressed with his voice. From that point on, Byron Hill began sending Gary songs. Without any serious funding at the time, Hill arranged for Allan to go into Seal's small studio in California to try his vocals on some of existing demo tracks that Byron had sent to Gary from Nashville, Tennessee. Meanwhile, Hill became head of A&R at BNA Entertainment on October 29 of that same year and immediately wanted to sign Allan to BNA, but the then current roster conditions and other circumstances related to the planned restructuring of RCA/BNA Nashville stood in the way.

Paragraph 45: Toubeh, (the ancient Tobi) : the 5th Coptic month. Corn and flax should be cleared from weeds, and land that is to be devoted to cotton, sesame, and summer cucurbita, is prepared until the 1st of Amshir. Land destined for the growth of culcas (colocasia), and sugar, should be inundated. Lands found to be uncultivable should be marked out and declared unproductive, in order that they may be exempt from taxation. The first cutting of sugar cane takes place (hasab er-rcis) -. sufficient being left for seed, viz : — one kirat in every feddan. At the end of the month work in canals and dykes should be taken in hand : and much care should be bestowed upon the repairing of sakhiehs ( water wheels), wells, &c. The Nile water is in its clearest and best state in Toubeh, and cisterns should be now filled in Cairo and all large towns. The flesh of sheep is better now than at any other season. Vegetables, especially carrots, are at their best. Horses and mules should be tethered in bersim, and it is now time for the sale of cattle. S. winds (Siba) are more prevalent than N. (Dabour). Taxes are now collected. There are various popular sayings respecting Toubeh, — e. g. that if rain falls on any of the first eleven days, but especially on the Festival of the Epiphany, it is a certain sign of good crops. The fellah says " Yfra en Nusrani" (the Christian is happy ) and asserts that God is contented with his people, and will reward them with a bounteous harvest.

Paragraph 46: Jan Yoors (12 April 192227 November 1977) was a Belgian-American artist, photographer, painter, sculptor, writer, filmmaker, and tapestry creator. Growing up in Antwerp to liberal, pacifist parents, his father Eugeen Yoors, a famed stained-glass artist, Yoors studied painting before deciding to live with a Rom kumpania he encountered on the outskirts of Antwerp at the age of twelve, and about which he would later write two memoirs, The Gypsies (1967) and Crossing: A Journal of Survival and Resistance in World War II (1971), the latter about living with the Rom during World War II. Yoors fled to London after the war where he lived with his wife Annebert and her best friend Marianne. It is at this point that Yoors began to design tapestries and set up a tapestry studio with his wife Annebert and Marianne. In 1950 he moved to New York, traveling there under the guise of a journalist. The following year, Annebert and Marianne joined and the three set up the Jan Yoors Studio. In New York, Yoors befriended numerous figures in the art and design worlds. He received commissions from corporations such as Bank of America, and J.P. Morgan, and private collectors. His work was seen in numerous exhibitions across the United States and internationally. In New York in the 50s, Yoors also continued his passion for photography, which he began while living with the Rom, documenting the streets of New York. He traveled extensively on a trip to revisit his Rom family in Europe, and, in 1966–67 photographed post-war religious buildings for Edward Sovik as part of the First International Congress on Religion, Architecture, and the Visual Arts in New York. Yoors's oeuvre is currently represented by several galleries in New York, Europe including reGeneration Furniture, Todd Merrill, L Parker Stephenson Photographs, and Fifty One Fine Art Photography, Antwerp, and regularly shown at design and photography fairs.