Paragraph 1: He has navigated a double career as a writer and educator combined with social justice, diversity and race relations issues in Canada (with the federal and municipal governments, travelling to over 30 towns and cities advancing these issues); for a decade he managed a National Action Committee on Race Relations chaired at different times by the Mayors of Toronto, Regina, etc. for the Federation of Canadian Municipalities in combatting racism and providing a national clearing house  of information to tackle systemic issues, as well as coordinating an annual race relations award aimed at building social cohesion. Previously he was an Administrator with the City of Ottawa, and with the Federal Government. He taught for six years as an Adjunct English professor at Algonquin College, Ottawa, and similarly for fifteen years at the University of Ottawa (Department of English, Continuing Education, and Professional Services)where he achieved the Dean of Arts Part-time Professor of the Year  Award, and was a finalist for the National Capital Educators' Award. Under the university's Professional Services Program, he conducted diversity training seminars as a certified trainer to Federal Government personnel (e.g, Privy Council, National Defence, Stats. Canada)    and private organizations.  His published works have appeared in numerous literary magazines and anthologies, including the Oxford, Penguin and Heinemann Books of Caribbean Verse, Poetry (Chicago),Critical Quarterly (UK), The Warwick Review (UK), Prairie Schooner (USA), Kunapipi (Australia), Wasafiri(UK), Planet: The Welsh Internationalist (UK), Exempla (W. Germany), Chandrabhaga (India), Confluence(UK), World Literature Today (UOklahoma), Drunken Boat,  Fiction International (University_of San Diego,  US),The Literary Review (US), The Fiddlehead, The Canadian Forum, PRISM international, The Dalhousie Review, The Antigonish Review, Canadian Literature, Canadian Fiction Magazine, The University of Windsor Review, The Queen's Quarterly, ARIEL, Quarry, Grain, Khavya Bharati  (India), Wascana Review, Short Story (University of Texas), Words and Worlds (Austria), Two-Thirds North (Stockholm University),  Journal of South Asian Literature (USA), Broken Pencil, The Literary Review of Canada, Descant, Books in Canada, Kyk-over-al, The Globe and Mail/Christmas short story], etc.

Paragraph 2: Do placed 20th out of 3,000 applicants in an examination to enter Saigon's most prestigious high school. On campus, he demonstrated both his intellectual and leadership abilities, and rose to numerous positions. He became editor of the school newspaper. This was during a period of historic political and social turmoil in Vietnam. The country's long struggle for autonomy against French colonialism would soon erupt into Vietnamese triumph only to have the U.S. begin its controversial military involvement. While the French still ruled Vietnam, Do agitated and organized student protests for freedom, and printed and distributed clandestine communications in support of the liberation movement. Eventually, he began to write, edit, publish and organize public rallies around-the-clock of students and the community-at-large. He captured the attention of public figures, politicians, Western journalists and government officials. Professional journalists began to solicit Do's skill for their own newspapers. At the same time, he diversified his activism to include lobbying and petitioning for more student aid and scholarships, and improved educational resources. The scope of his influence and the impact caused by his relentless advocacy resulted in the government's attempt to remove him from school and to arrest him.

Paragraph 3: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 4: Konstantin Pavlovich (;  ) was a grand duke of Russia and the second son of Emperor Paul I and Sophie Dorothea of Württemberg. He was the heir-presumptive for most of his elder brother Alexander I's reign, but had secretly renounced his claim to the throne in 1823. For 25 days after the death of Alexander I, from 19 November (O.S.)/1 December 1825 to 14 December (O.S.)/26 December 1825 he was known as His Imperial Majesty Konstantin I Emperor and Sovereign of Russia, although he never reigned and never acceded to the throne.  His younger brother Nicholas became Tsar in 1825.  The succession controversy became the pretext of the Decembrist revolt.

Paragraph 5: Do placed 20th out of 3,000 applicants in an examination to enter Saigon's most prestigious high school. On campus, he demonstrated both his intellectual and leadership abilities, and rose to numerous positions. He became editor of the school newspaper. This was during a period of historic political and social turmoil in Vietnam. The country's long struggle for autonomy against French colonialism would soon erupt into Vietnamese triumph only to have the U.S. begin its controversial military involvement. While the French still ruled Vietnam, Do agitated and organized student protests for freedom, and printed and distributed clandestine communications in support of the liberation movement. Eventually, he began to write, edit, publish and organize public rallies around-the-clock of students and the community-at-large. He captured the attention of public figures, politicians, Western journalists and government officials. Professional journalists began to solicit Do's skill for their own newspapers. At the same time, he diversified his activism to include lobbying and petitioning for more student aid and scholarships, and improved educational resources. The scope of his influence and the impact caused by his relentless advocacy resulted in the government's attempt to remove him from school and to arrest him.

Paragraph 6: Reviewing for La Stampa, Mario Gromo argued that it was a "film of a certain importance because of its many intelligent moments, its sound portrayal of provincial life, and because it is the second film of a young director who evidently has considerable talent ... The Italian film industry now has a new director and one who puts his own personal ideas before any of the customary traditions of the trade. Fellini's is a fresh approach". "It is the atmosphere that counts most in this unusual film," wrote Francesco Càllari of the Gazzetta del Lunedì, "an intensely human and poetical atmosphere altogether estranged from the provincialism of the setting ... Fellini has something to say and he says it with an acute sense of observation ... Here is someone apart from the other young directors of post-war Italian cinema. Fellini has a magical touch." First published 31 August 1953 in the Gazzeta del Lunedi (Genoa). After praising Fellini's Venice triumph, Ermanno Contini of Il Secolo XIX outlined the film's weaknesses: "I Vitelloni does not have a particularly solid structure, the story is discontinuous, seeking unity through the complex symbiosis of episodes and details ... The narrative, built up around strong emotions and powerful situations, lacks solid organic unity, and at times this undermines the story's creative force, resulting in an imbalance of tone and pace and a certain sense of tedium. But such shortcomings are amply atoned for by the film's sincerity and authenticity." Arturo Lanocita of Corriere della Sera wrote: "I Vitelloni gives a graphic and authentic picture of certain aimless evenings, the streets populated by groups of idle youths ... The film is a series of annotations, hints, and allusions without unity ... With a touch of irony, Fellini tries to show the contrast between the way his characters see themselves and the way they really are. Despite its weaknesses, the film is one of the best in recent years." For Giulio Cesare Castello of Cinema VI, the film proved "that Fellini is the Italian film industry's most talented satirist, and an acute observer and psychologist of human behaviour. Like any good moralist, he knows how to give his story a meaning, to provide more than just simple entertainment".

Paragraph 7: 1. Fundamental. Naval superiority recognized as essential to Great Britain. Present German naval program and expenditure not to be increased, but if possible retarded and reduced.2. England sincerely desires not to interfere with German Colonial expansion. To give effect to this she is prepared forthwith to discuss whatever the German aspirations in that direction may be. England will be glad to know that there is a field or special points where she can help Germany.3. Proposals for reciprocal assurances debarring either power from joining in aggressive designs or combinations against the other would be welcome. The main goal of the British Cabinet was the first item; the other two were concessions. The first item referred to the current German naval budget. London did not know that a new, much more aggressive naval budget (called a "Novelle") had been drafted in Berlin but not yet approved. The Germans gave Haldane a copy which he took to the Cabinet without reading. The second item was a concession; London was prepared to turn over parts of the old decaying Portuguese Empire. Berlin, however, had no interest in new colonies. They would be of little economic benefit, and instead force a redeployment of the German Navy to defend new holdings in Africa. Berlin focused its attention on the third item—it very seriously wanted British neutrality in a possible war. The German Navy under Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz had mobilized elite and popular opinion behind a new expansion of the Navy, and had just won the Kaiser's approval for its Novelle, despite the argument by the civilian government under Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg that considered it too expensive. Germany's civilian government, however, did not control military affairs.  Upon reading the British proposals, Bethmann Hollweg and the Kaiser were willing to cut the naval expansion to achieve it, despite the strong protests by Admiral Tirpitz. The Germans therefore invited a senior British diplomat and Haldane was sent, arriving on February 7 just as the Kaiser was announcing in vague terms the new naval budget that Tirpitz wanted.

Paragraph 8: The Civilian Irregular Defense Group (CIDG, pronounced "sid-gee") was a military program developed by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) during the Vietnam War, which was intended to develop South Vietnamese irregular military units from indigenous ethnic-minority populations. The main purpose of setting up the CIDG program was to counter the growing influence of Viet Cong (VC) in the Central Highlands by training and arming the villagers for village defense. The program rapidly expanded after the US military transferred its control from CIA to MACV after two years since its inception and changed its focus from village defense to more conventional operations. From June 1967 on wards the CIDG members were made part of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) or other government agencies to increase Vietnamese participation. By late 1970, the remaining CIDG camps were converted to Vietnamese Rangers camps. The indigenous ethnic-minority people that formed the CIDG reaped significant benefits by the government of South Vietnam for their allegiance and it was the first time that minority groups were given full status as citizens of South Vietnam.

Paragraph 9: In February 1859, the daimyō of Tosa Domain Yamauchi Yōdō, was forced from office and placed under house arrest by the tairō Ii Naosuke for his efforts to establish Hitotsubashi Yoshinobu as successor to the shogunate. This outraged many of the Tosa samurai, who later applauded Ii's assassination in the Sakuradamon Incident of March 1860. The Sonnō jōi movement also spread quickly in Tosa, after many were alarmed by the arrival of the Perry Expedition in 1858 and what they perceived to be the weak response of the Tokugawa shogunate to this threat. In May 1860, Takechi went on a tour of Kyushu and western Japan with a number of his closest disciples, and returned with some of the works of kokugaku scholar Hirata Atsutane, which further reinforced his belief in the Sonnō jōi movement.In April 1861, Takechi returned to Edo under the guise of practicing swordsmanship, but in realty to meet with like-minded samurai of various domains, including Katsura Kogōrō, Kusaka Genzui, and Takasugi Shinsaku of Chōshū, Kabayama Sanin from Satsuma and Iwama Kanpei from Mito. Takechi was particular interested in the teachings of Chōshū Yoshida Shōin as relayed to him by Kusaka. Increasingly concerned by the lack of action by their domain governments, the samurai of the three domains agreed to a three-point course of action: to force their domains to take action to expel the foreigners from Japan, to force their lords to enter Kyoto, and to force the Imperial Court to issue edicts against the unequal treaties with the foreign powers and Tokugawa shogunate. In August, Takechi secretly created the Tosa Kinnō-tō, recruiting 192 members, mostly from the lower-ranked samurai and some ronin formerly of Tosa Domain. Around this time, Tosa Domain was largely governed by Yoshida Tōyō, a trusted advisor to Yamauchi Yōdō. Yoshida was pursuing Yōdō's policy of supporting the opening of the country to foreign trade in order to gain western technology and weaponry which would help guard its independence, and also the Kōbu gattai policy of uniting the shogunate and imperial court. He dismissed Takechi's petitions as being childishly simplistic and unrealistic and rejected thoughts of uniting with other domains to oppose the shogunate. Eventually, Takechi decided that his only course of action would be to assassinate Yoshida and to kidnap the young daimyō, Yamauchi Tomonori en route to Edo on his sankin kōtai. On April 8, 1862 three members of the Tosa Kinnō-tō murdered Tōyō before fleeing Tosa and Takechi took action to seize control of the Tosa government.

Paragraph 10: The first artist painted a single miniature on folio 1 recto, an illustration for the First Eclogue.  In it a cowherd, Tityrus, plays a flute while sitting under a tree.  The heads of three cows look out from behind the tree.  Meanwhile a standing goatherd, Meliboeus, leads a goat by its horns under a tree.  More goats look out from behind that tree.  This miniature shows some remnants of classical style.  The cows and goats looking out from behind the trees are an attempt, albeit an unsuccessful one, at creating the appearance of space.  The garments of the two men are draped naturally and the heads are shown in three quarter view. The miniature, unlike any miniature in this manuscript, is unframed which shows a connection to the tradition of papyrus roll illustration.

Paragraph 11: He has navigated a double career as a writer and educator combined with social justice, diversity and race relations issues in Canada (with the federal and municipal governments, travelling to over 30 towns and cities advancing these issues); for a decade he managed a National Action Committee on Race Relations chaired at different times by the Mayors of Toronto, Regina, etc. for the Federation of Canadian Municipalities in combatting racism and providing a national clearing house  of information to tackle systemic issues, as well as coordinating an annual race relations award aimed at building social cohesion. Previously he was an Administrator with the City of Ottawa, and with the Federal Government. He taught for six years as an Adjunct English professor at Algonquin College, Ottawa, and similarly for fifteen years at the University of Ottawa (Department of English, Continuing Education, and Professional Services)where he achieved the Dean of Arts Part-time Professor of the Year  Award, and was a finalist for the National Capital Educators' Award. Under the university's Professional Services Program, he conducted diversity training seminars as a certified trainer to Federal Government personnel (e.g, Privy Council, National Defence, Stats. Canada)    and private organizations.  His published works have appeared in numerous literary magazines and anthologies, including the Oxford, Penguin and Heinemann Books of Caribbean Verse, Poetry (Chicago),Critical Quarterly (UK), The Warwick Review (UK), Prairie Schooner (USA), Kunapipi (Australia), Wasafiri(UK), Planet: The Welsh Internationalist (UK), Exempla (W. Germany), Chandrabhaga (India), Confluence(UK), World Literature Today (UOklahoma), Drunken Boat,  Fiction International (University_of San Diego,  US),The Literary Review (US), The Fiddlehead, The Canadian Forum, PRISM international, The Dalhousie Review, The Antigonish Review, Canadian Literature, Canadian Fiction Magazine, The University of Windsor Review, The Queen's Quarterly, ARIEL, Quarry, Grain, Khavya Bharati  (India), Wascana Review, Short Story (University of Texas), Words and Worlds (Austria), Two-Thirds North (Stockholm University),  Journal of South Asian Literature (USA), Broken Pencil, The Literary Review of Canada, Descant, Books in Canada, Kyk-over-al, The Globe and Mail/Christmas short story], etc.

Paragraph 12: With Spann missing in the chaos, Tyson escaped to the northern and more secure part of the fortress, where he was trapped with a television crew from the German ARD network. He borrowed their satellite phone, and called his wife Rosann at their home in Tashkent. He told her: “Rose, listen. There are people dead. Some of our friends are dead.” Rosann Tyson dropped the phone but then picked it up and grabbed a piece of paper, knowing her husband's life might well rest on her getting the message right. David Tyson said: "I’m in Qala-i Jangi." Rosann Tyson had never heard the name of the fort. She wrote down: "Koala Jan Gi." Tyson then called the U.S. embassy in Uzbekistan and spoke to Major Mike Davison, a United States Air Force (USAF) officer, and requested no air support due to the proximity of allied Afghan forces. A 15-man rescue force was sent from the Turkish school, a base in Mazar-e-Sharif, housing Green Berets and an eight-man team from Z Squadron Special Boat Service. The rescue force was assembled hastily and contained a headquarters element from 3rd Battalion 5th Special Forces Group, a pair of USAF liaison officers, a CIA medic called Glenn and the SBS team. The Afghans also brought reinforcements: their personnel and a T-55 tank entered the compound and started firing into the prisoner-controlled area. Several other television crews arrived on the scene of the battle, ensuring it got wide media coverage; the successive stages of the fighting were filmed extensively, providing rare footage of special forces units in combat. At 14:00, a mixed special ops team, formed with nine U.S. Army Special Forces and eight British Special Boat Service operators, one of them was U.S. Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer Stephen Bass, arrived and joined the Afghans firing at the prisoners from the northern part of the fort. From 16:00 until nightfall, despite Tyson's requests, they directed two U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet for nine 500-pound GBU-12 Paveway II laser-guided bombs against the entrenched prisoners, who continued to put up fierce resistance and were dropped on the armory, which was serving as a base of fire for the prisoners. He, German journalist Arnim Stauth and others fled just before dusk. Navy SEAL Stephen Bass then advanced to the western tower of the fort and spotted what appeared to be the body of Spann. The SEAL fired rounds next to the legs of the body to see if it would flinch, indicating life. There was no movement from the body. For his actions, Bass received the Navy Cross.

Paragraph 13: In a Swedish variant titled Hvitebjørn i skogen går or Vitebjörn i skogen går ("A Whitebear walks in the forest"), collected by August Bondeson, a princess finds a louse on her. She then decides to fatten it until it grows large, kills it and uses its hide as part of a riddle for anyone (tale type AaTh 621, "The Louseskin"). Many men fail in guessing it right, until a snake comes to the palace and wins the princess's challenge. The princess is forced, by her own word, to be given to the snake as its bride, and goes with the animal to its castle. Whatever the snake is, it comes to her bed at night. They live like this for three years, during which the princess gives birth to three sons, but which are taken from her by a spotted sow each time. One day, the princess sends her father a letter about her situation, and the king tells her to take a flint and light a candle at night. She lights a candle at night and sees beside her a handsome prince on her bed. She puts out the candle, but light it again to gaze at him one more time. This time, however, a drop falls on his face, and he wakes. Hurt at the princess's betrayal, he tells her he has been cursed by a witch, and they must part now, but before that, he will take the princess to where they children are. In snake form, the man takes the princess to three cottages, where the sow is guarding each of their sons. In each cottage, the princess is given a coloured silk ribbon by one of her sons (a blue one, a green one, and a red one). Finally, the snake takes the princess to a steep mountain, where he leaves the princess and slithers up it. The princess ties the thread around the snake form of ther husband and climbs it with him. The snake leaves her and enters a castle, where he becomes a man, and is forced to marry the witch that cursed him. Meanwhile, the princess enters the castle and asks to be at the king's quarters. She is allowed in, but must remain silent. She disobeys the ban, and talks to her husband. They plot together to destroy the witch: the princess asks the witch to gaze at the rising sun. She does and bursts apart.

Paragraph 14: Konstantin Pavlovich (;  ) was a grand duke of Russia and the second son of Emperor Paul I and Sophie Dorothea of Württemberg. He was the heir-presumptive for most of his elder brother Alexander I's reign, but had secretly renounced his claim to the throne in 1823. For 25 days after the death of Alexander I, from 19 November (O.S.)/1 December 1825 to 14 December (O.S.)/26 December 1825 he was known as His Imperial Majesty Konstantin I Emperor and Sovereign of Russia, although he never reigned and never acceded to the throne.  His younger brother Nicholas became Tsar in 1825.  The succession controversy became the pretext of the Decembrist revolt.

Paragraph 15: The Civilian Irregular Defense Group (CIDG, pronounced "sid-gee") was a military program developed by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) during the Vietnam War, which was intended to develop South Vietnamese irregular military units from indigenous ethnic-minority populations. The main purpose of setting up the CIDG program was to counter the growing influence of Viet Cong (VC) in the Central Highlands by training and arming the villagers for village defense. The program rapidly expanded after the US military transferred its control from CIA to MACV after two years since its inception and changed its focus from village defense to more conventional operations. From June 1967 on wards the CIDG members were made part of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) or other government agencies to increase Vietnamese participation. By late 1970, the remaining CIDG camps were converted to Vietnamese Rangers camps. The indigenous ethnic-minority people that formed the CIDG reaped significant benefits by the government of South Vietnam for their allegiance and it was the first time that minority groups were given full status as citizens of South Vietnam.

Paragraph 16: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 17: South Jamaica is generally considered to be the area south of Downtown Jamaica (Jamaica Center) or Jamaica Avenue, with the Van Wyck Expressway to the west, and Merrick Boulevard to the east. The eastern border extends as far as the LIRR Montauk Branch tracks in the northern part of the neighborhood. John F. Kennedy International Airport lies to the south across the Belt Parkway. This area overlaps with the neighborhoods of St. Albans to the east, and Rochdale and Springfield Gardens to the south. Many maps however consider South Jamaica to be bounded by Linden Boulevard to the north, and Rockaway Boulevard and Baisley Boulevard to the south, with the section north of Linden Boulevard (including the South Jamaica Houses) defined as part of Jamaica. Other maps consider the area between Linden Boulevard and Baisley/Rockaway Boulevards to be a southern subsection of South Jamaica called Baisley Park; Baisley Pond Park, the Baisley Park Houses, the Baisley Park Branch of Queens Public Library, and the Baisley Park Bus Depot are located in this area. The neighborhood south of Rockaway and Baisley Boulevards to the Belt Parkway (including Rochdale Village) historically has been considered part of South Jamaica, but is now often mapped as Springfield Gardens North or Rochdale. The three sections constitute the western half of Queens Community Board 12.

Paragraph 18: South Jamaica is generally considered to be the area south of Downtown Jamaica (Jamaica Center) or Jamaica Avenue, with the Van Wyck Expressway to the west, and Merrick Boulevard to the east. The eastern border extends as far as the LIRR Montauk Branch tracks in the northern part of the neighborhood. John F. Kennedy International Airport lies to the south across the Belt Parkway. This area overlaps with the neighborhoods of St. Albans to the east, and Rochdale and Springfield Gardens to the south. Many maps however consider South Jamaica to be bounded by Linden Boulevard to the north, and Rockaway Boulevard and Baisley Boulevard to the south, with the section north of Linden Boulevard (including the South Jamaica Houses) defined as part of Jamaica. Other maps consider the area between Linden Boulevard and Baisley/Rockaway Boulevards to be a southern subsection of South Jamaica called Baisley Park; Baisley Pond Park, the Baisley Park Houses, the Baisley Park Branch of Queens Public Library, and the Baisley Park Bus Depot are located in this area. The neighborhood south of Rockaway and Baisley Boulevards to the Belt Parkway (including Rochdale Village) historically has been considered part of South Jamaica, but is now often mapped as Springfield Gardens North or Rochdale. The three sections constitute the western half of Queens Community Board 12.

Paragraph 19: In the third invasion in late 1287, some 100,000–170,000 Yuan soldiers were divided into two armies: land forces commanded by prince Toqon, and Omar was put in charge of commanding the naval forces along with Fan Yi and Mahmud, consisting of 18,000 soldiers, tens of thousand sailors, 70 transports, and 500 warships. From Qinzhou on 17 December, they sailed to Van Kiep through the Bach Dang River (the second most important distributary of the Red River), where they would meet and regroup with Toghon's forces there in January 1288. They assaulted, drove the king to the sea, and captured the Viet capital Thang Long (Hanoi) on 3 February, but found no grain left to resupply. Toghon then ordered his generals to sweep the Red River Delta, pillaging crops and gathering rice. The Yuan army was large, unsustainable, and was waiting for the supply fleet, commanded by Zhang Wenhu, slowly sailing toward Dai Viet. But unbeknownst to Toghon, in late January, prince Hưng Đạo and Prince Trần Khánh Dư with 30 warships, awaiting Zhang's fleet on the Van Don isle, and when the supply fleet passed by, the Vietnamese attacked, inflicted substantial amounts of damage on Zhang's supply fleet, and forced him to turn back to Hainan Island. Other Zhang's supply ships were blown off or drifted away by strong northeast monsoon winds. When the king of Dai Viet heard the news, he said: What the Yuan forces need most of all is food. They may not have heard of the defeat of their transport fleet and maybe planning further offensive action." With logistic superiors were stripped away, the large Yuan army now stranded and began starving. On 5 March Toghon left Hanoi back to the Yuan base of Van Kiep, and 25 days later he decided to withdraw the army back to China, as food supplies ran low and the situation worsened. Prince Toghon withdrew by land, and then boarded a large warship for himself.

Paragraph 20: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 21: South Jamaica is generally considered to be the area south of Downtown Jamaica (Jamaica Center) or Jamaica Avenue, with the Van Wyck Expressway to the west, and Merrick Boulevard to the east. The eastern border extends as far as the LIRR Montauk Branch tracks in the northern part of the neighborhood. John F. Kennedy International Airport lies to the south across the Belt Parkway. This area overlaps with the neighborhoods of St. Albans to the east, and Rochdale and Springfield Gardens to the south. Many maps however consider South Jamaica to be bounded by Linden Boulevard to the north, and Rockaway Boulevard and Baisley Boulevard to the south, with the section north of Linden Boulevard (including the South Jamaica Houses) defined as part of Jamaica. Other maps consider the area between Linden Boulevard and Baisley/Rockaway Boulevards to be a southern subsection of South Jamaica called Baisley Park; Baisley Pond Park, the Baisley Park Houses, the Baisley Park Branch of Queens Public Library, and the Baisley Park Bus Depot are located in this area. The neighborhood south of Rockaway and Baisley Boulevards to the Belt Parkway (including Rochdale Village) historically has been considered part of South Jamaica, but is now often mapped as Springfield Gardens North or Rochdale. The three sections constitute the western half of Queens Community Board 12.

Paragraph 22: He has navigated a double career as a writer and educator combined with social justice, diversity and race relations issues in Canada (with the federal and municipal governments, travelling to over 30 towns and cities advancing these issues); for a decade he managed a National Action Committee on Race Relations chaired at different times by the Mayors of Toronto, Regina, etc. for the Federation of Canadian Municipalities in combatting racism and providing a national clearing house  of information to tackle systemic issues, as well as coordinating an annual race relations award aimed at building social cohesion. Previously he was an Administrator with the City of Ottawa, and with the Federal Government. He taught for six years as an Adjunct English professor at Algonquin College, Ottawa, and similarly for fifteen years at the University of Ottawa (Department of English, Continuing Education, and Professional Services)where he achieved the Dean of Arts Part-time Professor of the Year  Award, and was a finalist for the National Capital Educators' Award. Under the university's Professional Services Program, he conducted diversity training seminars as a certified trainer to Federal Government personnel (e.g, Privy Council, National Defence, Stats. Canada)    and private organizations.  His published works have appeared in numerous literary magazines and anthologies, including the Oxford, Penguin and Heinemann Books of Caribbean Verse, Poetry (Chicago),Critical Quarterly (UK), The Warwick Review (UK), Prairie Schooner (USA), Kunapipi (Australia), Wasafiri(UK), Planet: The Welsh Internationalist (UK), Exempla (W. Germany), Chandrabhaga (India), Confluence(UK), World Literature Today (UOklahoma), Drunken Boat,  Fiction International (University_of San Diego,  US),The Literary Review (US), The Fiddlehead, The Canadian Forum, PRISM international, The Dalhousie Review, The Antigonish Review, Canadian Literature, Canadian Fiction Magazine, The University of Windsor Review, The Queen's Quarterly, ARIEL, Quarry, Grain, Khavya Bharati  (India), Wascana Review, Short Story (University of Texas), Words and Worlds (Austria), Two-Thirds North (Stockholm University),  Journal of South Asian Literature (USA), Broken Pencil, The Literary Review of Canada, Descant, Books in Canada, Kyk-over-al, The Globe and Mail/Christmas short story], etc.

Paragraph 23: The first artist painted a single miniature on folio 1 recto, an illustration for the First Eclogue.  In it a cowherd, Tityrus, plays a flute while sitting under a tree.  The heads of three cows look out from behind the tree.  Meanwhile a standing goatherd, Meliboeus, leads a goat by its horns under a tree.  More goats look out from behind that tree.  This miniature shows some remnants of classical style.  The cows and goats looking out from behind the trees are an attempt, albeit an unsuccessful one, at creating the appearance of space.  The garments of the two men are draped naturally and the heads are shown in three quarter view. The miniature, unlike any miniature in this manuscript, is unframed which shows a connection to the tradition of papyrus roll illustration.

Paragraph 24: 1. Fundamental. Naval superiority recognized as essential to Great Britain. Present German naval program and expenditure not to be increased, but if possible retarded and reduced.2. England sincerely desires not to interfere with German Colonial expansion. To give effect to this she is prepared forthwith to discuss whatever the German aspirations in that direction may be. England will be glad to know that there is a field or special points where she can help Germany.3. Proposals for reciprocal assurances debarring either power from joining in aggressive designs or combinations against the other would be welcome. The main goal of the British Cabinet was the first item; the other two were concessions. The first item referred to the current German naval budget. London did not know that a new, much more aggressive naval budget (called a "Novelle") had been drafted in Berlin but not yet approved. The Germans gave Haldane a copy which he took to the Cabinet without reading. The second item was a concession; London was prepared to turn over parts of the old decaying Portuguese Empire. Berlin, however, had no interest in new colonies. They would be of little economic benefit, and instead force a redeployment of the German Navy to defend new holdings in Africa. Berlin focused its attention on the third item—it very seriously wanted British neutrality in a possible war. The German Navy under Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz had mobilized elite and popular opinion behind a new expansion of the Navy, and had just won the Kaiser's approval for its Novelle, despite the argument by the civilian government under Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg that considered it too expensive. Germany's civilian government, however, did not control military affairs.  Upon reading the British proposals, Bethmann Hollweg and the Kaiser were willing to cut the naval expansion to achieve it, despite the strong protests by Admiral Tirpitz. The Germans therefore invited a senior British diplomat and Haldane was sent, arriving on February 7 just as the Kaiser was announcing in vague terms the new naval budget that Tirpitz wanted.

Paragraph 25: With Spann missing in the chaos, Tyson escaped to the northern and more secure part of the fortress, where he was trapped with a television crew from the German ARD network. He borrowed their satellite phone, and called his wife Rosann at their home in Tashkent. He told her: “Rose, listen. There are people dead. Some of our friends are dead.” Rosann Tyson dropped the phone but then picked it up and grabbed a piece of paper, knowing her husband's life might well rest on her getting the message right. David Tyson said: "I’m in Qala-i Jangi." Rosann Tyson had never heard the name of the fort. She wrote down: "Koala Jan Gi." Tyson then called the U.S. embassy in Uzbekistan and spoke to Major Mike Davison, a United States Air Force (USAF) officer, and requested no air support due to the proximity of allied Afghan forces. A 15-man rescue force was sent from the Turkish school, a base in Mazar-e-Sharif, housing Green Berets and an eight-man team from Z Squadron Special Boat Service. The rescue force was assembled hastily and contained a headquarters element from 3rd Battalion 5th Special Forces Group, a pair of USAF liaison officers, a CIA medic called Glenn and the SBS team. The Afghans also brought reinforcements: their personnel and a T-55 tank entered the compound and started firing into the prisoner-controlled area. Several other television crews arrived on the scene of the battle, ensuring it got wide media coverage; the successive stages of the fighting were filmed extensively, providing rare footage of special forces units in combat. At 14:00, a mixed special ops team, formed with nine U.S. Army Special Forces and eight British Special Boat Service operators, one of them was U.S. Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer Stephen Bass, arrived and joined the Afghans firing at the prisoners from the northern part of the fort. From 16:00 until nightfall, despite Tyson's requests, they directed two U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet for nine 500-pound GBU-12 Paveway II laser-guided bombs against the entrenched prisoners, who continued to put up fierce resistance and were dropped on the armory, which was serving as a base of fire for the prisoners. He, German journalist Arnim Stauth and others fled just before dusk. Navy SEAL Stephen Bass then advanced to the western tower of the fort and spotted what appeared to be the body of Spann. The SEAL fired rounds next to the legs of the body to see if it would flinch, indicating life. There was no movement from the body. For his actions, Bass received the Navy Cross.

Paragraph 26: The Treaties of Velasco were two documents, one private and the other public, signed in Fort Velasco on May 14, 1836 between General Antonio López de Santa Anna and the Republic of Texas in the aftermath of the Battle of San Jacinto on April 21, 1836. The part of the former Velasco, Texas, in which the fort was located is now part of the present-day location of Surfside Beach. The signatories were Interim President David G. Burnet for Texas and Santa Anna for Mexico. Texas intended the agreements to conclude hostilities between the two armies and offer the first steps toward the official recognition of Texas's independence from Mexico. At their drafting, the documents were called a "Public Agreement" and a "Secret Treaty."

Paragraph 27: Reviewing for La Stampa, Mario Gromo argued that it was a "film of a certain importance because of its many intelligent moments, its sound portrayal of provincial life, and because it is the second film of a young director who evidently has considerable talent ... The Italian film industry now has a new director and one who puts his own personal ideas before any of the customary traditions of the trade. Fellini's is a fresh approach". "It is the atmosphere that counts most in this unusual film," wrote Francesco Càllari of the Gazzetta del Lunedì, "an intensely human and poetical atmosphere altogether estranged from the provincialism of the setting ... Fellini has something to say and he says it with an acute sense of observation ... Here is someone apart from the other young directors of post-war Italian cinema. Fellini has a magical touch." First published 31 August 1953 in the Gazzeta del Lunedi (Genoa). After praising Fellini's Venice triumph, Ermanno Contini of Il Secolo XIX outlined the film's weaknesses: "I Vitelloni does not have a particularly solid structure, the story is discontinuous, seeking unity through the complex symbiosis of episodes and details ... The narrative, built up around strong emotions and powerful situations, lacks solid organic unity, and at times this undermines the story's creative force, resulting in an imbalance of tone and pace and a certain sense of tedium. But such shortcomings are amply atoned for by the film's sincerity and authenticity." Arturo Lanocita of Corriere della Sera wrote: "I Vitelloni gives a graphic and authentic picture of certain aimless evenings, the streets populated by groups of idle youths ... The film is a series of annotations, hints, and allusions without unity ... With a touch of irony, Fellini tries to show the contrast between the way his characters see themselves and the way they really are. Despite its weaknesses, the film is one of the best in recent years." For Giulio Cesare Castello of Cinema VI, the film proved "that Fellini is the Italian film industry's most talented satirist, and an acute observer and psychologist of human behaviour. Like any good moralist, he knows how to give his story a meaning, to provide more than just simple entertainment".

Paragraph 28: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 29: Do placed 20th out of 3,000 applicants in an examination to enter Saigon's most prestigious high school. On campus, he demonstrated both his intellectual and leadership abilities, and rose to numerous positions. He became editor of the school newspaper. This was during a period of historic political and social turmoil in Vietnam. The country's long struggle for autonomy against French colonialism would soon erupt into Vietnamese triumph only to have the U.S. begin its controversial military involvement. While the French still ruled Vietnam, Do agitated and organized student protests for freedom, and printed and distributed clandestine communications in support of the liberation movement. Eventually, he began to write, edit, publish and organize public rallies around-the-clock of students and the community-at-large. He captured the attention of public figures, politicians, Western journalists and government officials. Professional journalists began to solicit Do's skill for their own newspapers. At the same time, he diversified his activism to include lobbying and petitioning for more student aid and scholarships, and improved educational resources. The scope of his influence and the impact caused by his relentless advocacy resulted in the government's attempt to remove him from school and to arrest him.

Paragraph 30: The Treaties of Velasco were two documents, one private and the other public, signed in Fort Velasco on May 14, 1836 between General Antonio López de Santa Anna and the Republic of Texas in the aftermath of the Battle of San Jacinto on April 21, 1836. The part of the former Velasco, Texas, in which the fort was located is now part of the present-day location of Surfside Beach. The signatories were Interim President David G. Burnet for Texas and Santa Anna for Mexico. Texas intended the agreements to conclude hostilities between the two armies and offer the first steps toward the official recognition of Texas's independence from Mexico. At their drafting, the documents were called a "Public Agreement" and a "Secret Treaty."

Paragraph 31: The Civilian Irregular Defense Group (CIDG, pronounced "sid-gee") was a military program developed by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) during the Vietnam War, which was intended to develop South Vietnamese irregular military units from indigenous ethnic-minority populations. The main purpose of setting up the CIDG program was to counter the growing influence of Viet Cong (VC) in the Central Highlands by training and arming the villagers for village defense. The program rapidly expanded after the US military transferred its control from CIA to MACV after two years since its inception and changed its focus from village defense to more conventional operations. From June 1967 on wards the CIDG members were made part of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) or other government agencies to increase Vietnamese participation. By late 1970, the remaining CIDG camps were converted to Vietnamese Rangers camps. The indigenous ethnic-minority people that formed the CIDG reaped significant benefits by the government of South Vietnam for their allegiance and it was the first time that minority groups were given full status as citizens of South Vietnam.

Paragraph 32: After the fighting in the Netherlands ended, the SS-VT Division was transferred to France. On 24 May the LSSAH, along with the SS-VT Division were positioned to hold the perimeter around Dunkirk and reduce the size of the pocket containing the encircled British Expeditionary Force and French forces. A patrol from the SS-VT Division crossed the canal at Saint-Venant, but was destroyed by British armor. A larger force from the SS-VT Division then crossed the canal and formed a bridgehead at Saint-Venant; 30 miles from Dunkirk. On the following day, British forces attacked Saint-Venant, forcing the SS-VT Division to retreat and relinquish ground. On 26 May the German advance resumed. On 27 May, Regiment Deutschland of the SS-VT Division reached the Allied defensive line on the Leie River at Merville. They forced a bridgehead across the river and waited for the SS Division Totenkopf to arrive to cover their flank. What arrived first was a unit of British tanks, which penetrated their position. The SS-VT managed to hold on against the British tank force, which got to within 15 feet of commander Felix Steiner's position. Only the arrival of the Totenkopf Panzerjäger platoon saved the Regiment Deutschland from being destroyed and their bridgehead lost. By 30 May, most of the remaining Allied forces had been pushed back into Dunkirk where they were evacuated by sea to England. The SS-VT Division next took part in the drive towards Paris.

Paragraph 33: In a Swedish variant titled Hvitebjørn i skogen går or Vitebjörn i skogen går ("A Whitebear walks in the forest"), collected by August Bondeson, a princess finds a louse on her. She then decides to fatten it until it grows large, kills it and uses its hide as part of a riddle for anyone (tale type AaTh 621, "The Louseskin"). Many men fail in guessing it right, until a snake comes to the palace and wins the princess's challenge. The princess is forced, by her own word, to be given to the snake as its bride, and goes with the animal to its castle. Whatever the snake is, it comes to her bed at night. They live like this for three years, during which the princess gives birth to three sons, but which are taken from her by a spotted sow each time. One day, the princess sends her father a letter about her situation, and the king tells her to take a flint and light a candle at night. She lights a candle at night and sees beside her a handsome prince on her bed. She puts out the candle, but light it again to gaze at him one more time. This time, however, a drop falls on his face, and he wakes. Hurt at the princess's betrayal, he tells her he has been cursed by a witch, and they must part now, but before that, he will take the princess to where they children are. In snake form, the man takes the princess to three cottages, where the sow is guarding each of their sons. In each cottage, the princess is given a coloured silk ribbon by one of her sons (a blue one, a green one, and a red one). Finally, the snake takes the princess to a steep mountain, where he leaves the princess and slithers up it. The princess ties the thread around the snake form of ther husband and climbs it with him. The snake leaves her and enters a castle, where he becomes a man, and is forced to marry the witch that cursed him. Meanwhile, the princess enters the castle and asks to be at the king's quarters. She is allowed in, but must remain silent. She disobeys the ban, and talks to her husband. They plot together to destroy the witch: the princess asks the witch to gaze at the rising sun. She does and bursts apart.

Paragraph 34: In the third invasion in late 1287, some 100,000–170,000 Yuan soldiers were divided into two armies: land forces commanded by prince Toqon, and Omar was put in charge of commanding the naval forces along with Fan Yi and Mahmud, consisting of 18,000 soldiers, tens of thousand sailors, 70 transports, and 500 warships. From Qinzhou on 17 December, they sailed to Van Kiep through the Bach Dang River (the second most important distributary of the Red River), where they would meet and regroup with Toghon's forces there in January 1288. They assaulted, drove the king to the sea, and captured the Viet capital Thang Long (Hanoi) on 3 February, but found no grain left to resupply. Toghon then ordered his generals to sweep the Red River Delta, pillaging crops and gathering rice. The Yuan army was large, unsustainable, and was waiting for the supply fleet, commanded by Zhang Wenhu, slowly sailing toward Dai Viet. But unbeknownst to Toghon, in late January, prince Hưng Đạo and Prince Trần Khánh Dư with 30 warships, awaiting Zhang's fleet on the Van Don isle, and when the supply fleet passed by, the Vietnamese attacked, inflicted substantial amounts of damage on Zhang's supply fleet, and forced him to turn back to Hainan Island. Other Zhang's supply ships were blown off or drifted away by strong northeast monsoon winds. When the king of Dai Viet heard the news, he said: What the Yuan forces need most of all is food. They may not have heard of the defeat of their transport fleet and maybe planning further offensive action." With logistic superiors were stripped away, the large Yuan army now stranded and began starving. On 5 March Toghon left Hanoi back to the Yuan base of Van Kiep, and 25 days later he decided to withdraw the army back to China, as food supplies ran low and the situation worsened. Prince Toghon withdrew by land, and then boarded a large warship for himself.

Paragraph 35: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 36: In a Swedish variant titled Hvitebjørn i skogen går or Vitebjörn i skogen går ("A Whitebear walks in the forest"), collected by August Bondeson, a princess finds a louse on her. She then decides to fatten it until it grows large, kills it and uses its hide as part of a riddle for anyone (tale type AaTh 621, "The Louseskin"). Many men fail in guessing it right, until a snake comes to the palace and wins the princess's challenge. The princess is forced, by her own word, to be given to the snake as its bride, and goes with the animal to its castle. Whatever the snake is, it comes to her bed at night. They live like this for three years, during which the princess gives birth to three sons, but which are taken from her by a spotted sow each time. One day, the princess sends her father a letter about her situation, and the king tells her to take a flint and light a candle at night. She lights a candle at night and sees beside her a handsome prince on her bed. She puts out the candle, but light it again to gaze at him one more time. This time, however, a drop falls on his face, and he wakes. Hurt at the princess's betrayal, he tells her he has been cursed by a witch, and they must part now, but before that, he will take the princess to where they children are. In snake form, the man takes the princess to three cottages, where the sow is guarding each of their sons. In each cottage, the princess is given a coloured silk ribbon by one of her sons (a blue one, a green one, and a red one). Finally, the snake takes the princess to a steep mountain, where he leaves the princess and slithers up it. The princess ties the thread around the snake form of ther husband and climbs it with him. The snake leaves her and enters a castle, where he becomes a man, and is forced to marry the witch that cursed him. Meanwhile, the princess enters the castle and asks to be at the king's quarters. She is allowed in, but must remain silent. She disobeys the ban, and talks to her husband. They plot together to destroy the witch: the princess asks the witch to gaze at the rising sun. She does and bursts apart.

Paragraph 37: In February 1859, the daimyō of Tosa Domain Yamauchi Yōdō, was forced from office and placed under house arrest by the tairō Ii Naosuke for his efforts to establish Hitotsubashi Yoshinobu as successor to the shogunate. This outraged many of the Tosa samurai, who later applauded Ii's assassination in the Sakuradamon Incident of March 1860. The Sonnō jōi movement also spread quickly in Tosa, after many were alarmed by the arrival of the Perry Expedition in 1858 and what they perceived to be the weak response of the Tokugawa shogunate to this threat. In May 1860, Takechi went on a tour of Kyushu and western Japan with a number of his closest disciples, and returned with some of the works of kokugaku scholar Hirata Atsutane, which further reinforced his belief in the Sonnō jōi movement.In April 1861, Takechi returned to Edo under the guise of practicing swordsmanship, but in realty to meet with like-minded samurai of various domains, including Katsura Kogōrō, Kusaka Genzui, and Takasugi Shinsaku of Chōshū, Kabayama Sanin from Satsuma and Iwama Kanpei from Mito. Takechi was particular interested in the teachings of Chōshū Yoshida Shōin as relayed to him by Kusaka. Increasingly concerned by the lack of action by their domain governments, the samurai of the three domains agreed to a three-point course of action: to force their domains to take action to expel the foreigners from Japan, to force their lords to enter Kyoto, and to force the Imperial Court to issue edicts against the unequal treaties with the foreign powers and Tokugawa shogunate. In August, Takechi secretly created the Tosa Kinnō-tō, recruiting 192 members, mostly from the lower-ranked samurai and some ronin formerly of Tosa Domain. Around this time, Tosa Domain was largely governed by Yoshida Tōyō, a trusted advisor to Yamauchi Yōdō. Yoshida was pursuing Yōdō's policy of supporting the opening of the country to foreign trade in order to gain western technology and weaponry which would help guard its independence, and also the Kōbu gattai policy of uniting the shogunate and imperial court. He dismissed Takechi's petitions as being childishly simplistic and unrealistic and rejected thoughts of uniting with other domains to oppose the shogunate. Eventually, Takechi decided that his only course of action would be to assassinate Yoshida and to kidnap the young daimyō, Yamauchi Tomonori en route to Edo on his sankin kōtai. On April 8, 1862 three members of the Tosa Kinnō-tō murdered Tōyō before fleeing Tosa and Takechi took action to seize control of the Tosa government.

Paragraph 38: Later, Costin used his aeronautical knowledge to design and build a chassis from plywood.  This led to a lightweight, stiff structure, which he could then clothe with an efficient, aerodynamic body, a huge advantage in the low-capacity sports car racing of the immediate postwar period. He was also involved in a number of road car projects for various manufacturers including Lister and Lotus, where he contributed to the early aerodynamic designs; Marcos, which he co-founded with Speedex Cars' Jem Marsh (MARsh and COStin); and racecar chassis for Maserati, Lotus, and DTV. He also designed the Costin Amigo, the TMC Costin, and the Costin Sports Roadster.  He also created an ultra-light glider with Keith Duckworth, an old friend and his brother's business partner.

Paragraph 39: 1. Fundamental. Naval superiority recognized as essential to Great Britain. Present German naval program and expenditure not to be increased, but if possible retarded and reduced.2. England sincerely desires not to interfere with German Colonial expansion. To give effect to this she is prepared forthwith to discuss whatever the German aspirations in that direction may be. England will be glad to know that there is a field or special points where she can help Germany.3. Proposals for reciprocal assurances debarring either power from joining in aggressive designs or combinations against the other would be welcome. The main goal of the British Cabinet was the first item; the other two were concessions. The first item referred to the current German naval budget. London did not know that a new, much more aggressive naval budget (called a "Novelle") had been drafted in Berlin but not yet approved. The Germans gave Haldane a copy which he took to the Cabinet without reading. The second item was a concession; London was prepared to turn over parts of the old decaying Portuguese Empire. Berlin, however, had no interest in new colonies. They would be of little economic benefit, and instead force a redeployment of the German Navy to defend new holdings in Africa. Berlin focused its attention on the third item—it very seriously wanted British neutrality in a possible war. The German Navy under Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz had mobilized elite and popular opinion behind a new expansion of the Navy, and had just won the Kaiser's approval for its Novelle, despite the argument by the civilian government under Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg that considered it too expensive. Germany's civilian government, however, did not control military affairs.  Upon reading the British proposals, Bethmann Hollweg and the Kaiser were willing to cut the naval expansion to achieve it, despite the strong protests by Admiral Tirpitz. The Germans therefore invited a senior British diplomat and Haldane was sent, arriving on February 7 just as the Kaiser was announcing in vague terms the new naval budget that Tirpitz wanted.

Paragraph 40: In the third invasion in late 1287, some 100,000–170,000 Yuan soldiers were divided into two armies: land forces commanded by prince Toqon, and Omar was put in charge of commanding the naval forces along with Fan Yi and Mahmud, consisting of 18,000 soldiers, tens of thousand sailors, 70 transports, and 500 warships. From Qinzhou on 17 December, they sailed to Van Kiep through the Bach Dang River (the second most important distributary of the Red River), where they would meet and regroup with Toghon's forces there in January 1288. They assaulted, drove the king to the sea, and captured the Viet capital Thang Long (Hanoi) on 3 February, but found no grain left to resupply. Toghon then ordered his generals to sweep the Red River Delta, pillaging crops and gathering rice. The Yuan army was large, unsustainable, and was waiting for the supply fleet, commanded by Zhang Wenhu, slowly sailing toward Dai Viet. But unbeknownst to Toghon, in late January, prince Hưng Đạo and Prince Trần Khánh Dư with 30 warships, awaiting Zhang's fleet on the Van Don isle, and when the supply fleet passed by, the Vietnamese attacked, inflicted substantial amounts of damage on Zhang's supply fleet, and forced him to turn back to Hainan Island. Other Zhang's supply ships were blown off or drifted away by strong northeast monsoon winds. When the king of Dai Viet heard the news, he said: What the Yuan forces need most of all is food. They may not have heard of the defeat of their transport fleet and maybe planning further offensive action." With logistic superiors were stripped away, the large Yuan army now stranded and began starving. On 5 March Toghon left Hanoi back to the Yuan base of Van Kiep, and 25 days later he decided to withdraw the army back to China, as food supplies ran low and the situation worsened. Prince Toghon withdrew by land, and then boarded a large warship for himself.

Paragraph 41: Do placed 20th out of 3,000 applicants in an examination to enter Saigon's most prestigious high school. On campus, he demonstrated both his intellectual and leadership abilities, and rose to numerous positions. He became editor of the school newspaper. This was during a period of historic political and social turmoil in Vietnam. The country's long struggle for autonomy against French colonialism would soon erupt into Vietnamese triumph only to have the U.S. begin its controversial military involvement. While the French still ruled Vietnam, Do agitated and organized student protests for freedom, and printed and distributed clandestine communications in support of the liberation movement. Eventually, he began to write, edit, publish and organize public rallies around-the-clock of students and the community-at-large. He captured the attention of public figures, politicians, Western journalists and government officials. Professional journalists began to solicit Do's skill for their own newspapers. At the same time, he diversified his activism to include lobbying and petitioning for more student aid and scholarships, and improved educational resources. The scope of his influence and the impact caused by his relentless advocacy resulted in the government's attempt to remove him from school and to arrest him.

Paragraph 42: There are many memoirs about Vampilov by his friends and colleagues, and several by relatives and teachers. The picture they paint of Vampilov is one of a shy, taciturn and thoughtful individual, yet with a sense of irony as well as of fun. The memoirs comment repeatedly on Vampilov's modesty, while at the same time remarking over and over again that he was very sociable and was always surrounded by many friends. The explanation for Vampilov's attractiveness may lie in his sympathy for and sensitivity to people, in his artlessness and naturalness, and in the fact that he was rarely sullen or depressed among friends, but rather usually smiling. In addition to noting Vampilov's huge charm, friends frequently remark on the absence of falsity in his behavior. They also write about his mischievous and sarcastic side, his readiness to crack jokes, and his spontaneity. While the memoirs reveal the lighter aspects of Vampilov's personality, they also present him as a serious, sincere and ardent person, fearless in life and in his work. Several characterize him as perceptive, wise, far-sighted and all-understanding. The author and fellow Siberian Dmitri Sergeev states that Vampilov had the wisdom of a mature person, yet the ingenuousness and inquisitiveness of a child. A trait of Vampilov's that impressed many was his faculty for succinct  statement. One of Vampilov's oldest and closest friends was the writer Valentin Rasputin. They met in their first years at the university, worked together on the newspaper Soviet Youth, began to write stories at almost the same time, took part in discussions at the seminar for young writers in Chita in 1965, were accepted into the Union of Writers around the same time, and fairly often ended up on trips together. Rasputin comments on Vampilov's expressing himself in a way that compelled others to listen to him and on his enriching conversations by taking a non-standard approach to the subject at hand.

Paragraph 43: With Spann missing in the chaos, Tyson escaped to the northern and more secure part of the fortress, where he was trapped with a television crew from the German ARD network. He borrowed their satellite phone, and called his wife Rosann at their home in Tashkent. He told her: “Rose, listen. There are people dead. Some of our friends are dead.” Rosann Tyson dropped the phone but then picked it up and grabbed a piece of paper, knowing her husband's life might well rest on her getting the message right. David Tyson said: "I’m in Qala-i Jangi." Rosann Tyson had never heard the name of the fort. She wrote down: "Koala Jan Gi." Tyson then called the U.S. embassy in Uzbekistan and spoke to Major Mike Davison, a United States Air Force (USAF) officer, and requested no air support due to the proximity of allied Afghan forces. A 15-man rescue force was sent from the Turkish school, a base in Mazar-e-Sharif, housing Green Berets and an eight-man team from Z Squadron Special Boat Service. The rescue force was assembled hastily and contained a headquarters element from 3rd Battalion 5th Special Forces Group, a pair of USAF liaison officers, a CIA medic called Glenn and the SBS team. The Afghans also brought reinforcements: their personnel and a T-55 tank entered the compound and started firing into the prisoner-controlled area. Several other television crews arrived on the scene of the battle, ensuring it got wide media coverage; the successive stages of the fighting were filmed extensively, providing rare footage of special forces units in combat. At 14:00, a mixed special ops team, formed with nine U.S. Army Special Forces and eight British Special Boat Service operators, one of them was U.S. Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer Stephen Bass, arrived and joined the Afghans firing at the prisoners from the northern part of the fort. From 16:00 until nightfall, despite Tyson's requests, they directed two U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet for nine 500-pound GBU-12 Paveway II laser-guided bombs against the entrenched prisoners, who continued to put up fierce resistance and were dropped on the armory, which was serving as a base of fire for the prisoners. He, German journalist Arnim Stauth and others fled just before dusk. Navy SEAL Stephen Bass then advanced to the western tower of the fort and spotted what appeared to be the body of Spann. The SEAL fired rounds next to the legs of the body to see if it would flinch, indicating life. There was no movement from the body. For his actions, Bass received the Navy Cross.