Paragraph 1: In efforts to aid an alternate-reality-displaced Tangent Flash (Lia Nelson), Green Lantern (John Stewart) and the Flash (Wally West) are inexplicably transported to Earth-9, the Tangent Universe, by the Tangent Green Lantern. The trio joins the Tangent Spectre and the Tangent Manhunter in freeing the Atom, leaving John Stewart captured by the Tangent Superman, ruler of Earth-9. While being interrogated by the Tangent Superman, John Stewart's ring is contacted by Hal Jordan's ring, which the Tangent Green Lantern uses to bring additional members of the Justice League to Earth-9. The rescued Atom is revealed to be the Tangent Powergirl, lover to the Tangent Superman, and a fight ensues. The Tangent Manhunter is brutally murdered. The Tangent Superman takes Stewart's power ring and uses the ring, augmented by his psychic powers and the magic of the Tangent Orion, to travel to New Earth of the mainstream DC Universe. Meanwhile, Batman infiltrates the Core, the hub of information on Earth-9, and is saved by the Tangent Batman while escaping, who is mounting a revolution against the Tangent Superman. The Tangent Superman and the Tangent Powergirl battle their New Earth counterparts, only to escape and destroy the White House. The Tangent Superman proceeds to kidnap the world's leaders, cede power from them and detonate a nuclear weapon to distract New Earth's heroes. While on Earth-9, the heroes find and recruit the Tangent Superman's last tie to humanity, his wife Lola Dent. The heroes on Earth-9 transport themselves back to New Earth, where the combined forces of New Earth's and Earth-9's heroes fight against the Tangent Superman, the Tangent Powergirl and a cadre of villains that the Earth-9 ruler has gathered from New Earth (Lex Luthor, the Joker, Mr. Freeze, the Icicle, Black Manta, Poison Ivy and Felix Faust), as well as the Tangent Ultra-Humanite. The raging battle against the Tangent Superman weakens him, allowing him to be ultimately defeated by his wife, concluding the story.

Paragraph 2: Then came the magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Casiguran (in which Manila was severely affected by that quake). This strong earthquake lead to the collapse of the Ruby Tower in the capital's downtown districts. This was the second major news event as a progenitor to the current Radyo Patrol; DZAQ took on the gargantuan task of informing the nation live as it happened. The Radyo Patrol Ruby Tower project was then handled by former DZAQ station manager Orly Mercado, and veteran broadcaster Joe Taruc; the first reporters assigned as Radyo Patrol reporters were Mercado himself, Jun Ricafrente, Mario Garcia, Chris Daluz, and Ismael Reyes. The marathon radio-TV simulcast of a major coverage — the first of its kind by a Philippine media firm, was a success, and the Radyo Patrol format later became an integral part of DZAQ's broadcasts, with the station's field reporters being assigned to cover breaking news stories and then calling the station to convey these stories as they happened. Encouraged by the success of the field reports of breaking news stories in the Greater Manila Area and beyond, DZAQ was later that year converted into a 24-hour uninterrupted news and commentary station by orders of the corporation management, covering many national events of great importance to listeners, as DZXL took over its entertainment and music programming. Based on a survey conducted by Seamark, Inc., DZXL was the most popular radio station in the country by mid-1970. At the same time, the original team of 5 field reporters was later expanded to include both young announcers like Rey Langit (now with DZRJ-AM), Ernie Baron, and Manolo Favis (now with Radyo La Verdad 1350), alongside industry news veterans. By 1971, the success of the Radyo Patrol format in the Greater Manila Area had led to select ABS-CBN provincial radio stations establishing Radyo Patrol news services within their areas.

Paragraph 3: The gameplay of Klonoa 2: Lunatea's Veil is comparable to its predecessor Klonoa: Door to Phantomile, consisting of standard platforming stages and boss battles, as well as board-riding stages. After a specific point in the game, the player has the option of choosing which stage, or "Vision", to play on the game's world map. For most of the game, the player is restricted to a side-scrolling 2D path in a 3D environment, with the ability to move left, right, up, or down. The player can also turn toward or away from the screen to interact with or throw things at objects in the foreground or background. In the standard stages the goal is to reach the end of level by means of using the enemies to overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. Klonoa has a limited amount of health in the form of hearts, which is reduced when coming in contact with enemies and certain obstacles.

Paragraph 4: In 1941 Trijang Rinpoche also received the news that his Spiritual Guide Je Phabongkhapa had died. This made him immeasurably sad and he made many prayers and offerings. In 1942, he was one of the Dalai Lama's ordaining monks (and later in 1954 he acted as the so-called "inquisitor into the secrets" when the Dalai Lama took full ordination.) In 1947 he began the Dalai Lama's dialectics and logical trainings (finishing in 1959 by conducting the Dalai Lama's final oral examination during the Prayer Festival), and took him on an extensive tour of Drepung and Sera monasteries to install him on the various thrones he occupies at these monasteries. In 1950, the Chinese communists entered the Chamdo region by way of Kham and as a result Trijang Rinpoche accompanied the Dalai Lama, in his spiritual and temporal capacities, to Dromo, where he gave more teachings on Lamrim. In 1954 he accompanied the Dalai Lama to Ganden, and then to Beijing via Kongpo, Powo, Chamdo etc. In 1956 he accompanied the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama on a pilgrimage to India. In 1960 and 1961, after he and the Dalai Lama had fled to India, he gave the Dalai Lama the major empowerments of Heruka Five Deities according to Ghantapa, Vajrayogini according to Naropa, and other initiations. In 1962 he gave him the empowerment of the Body Mandala of Heruka and taught generation stage and completion stage of this Tantra. In 1963, he gave the Dalai Lama the complete oral transmission of the Collected Works of Je Tsongkhapa, plus discourses on the Guru Puja, Gelugpa Mahamudra and Yamantaka Tantra. In 1964, he taught the Dalai Lama the Lamrim Chenmo and the 800-verse Prajnaparamita Sutra, and in 1966 he gave the Dalai Lama the oral transmission of the Collected Works of Gyaltsabje and Khedrubje (Je Tsongkhapa's two principal disciples). In Spring of 1970 he taught the Dalai Lama the generation and completion stages of Chittamani Tara and of Vajrayogini according to Naropa, and gave him empowerments into the 16 Droplets of the Kadampas. Later that year he gave many long-life empowerments to the Dalai Lama, along with initiation of Guhyasamaja and teachings on Wheel of Sharp Weapons and Lojong (training the mind), and major empowerments into 62 Deity Heruka according to Luipa. There were also 700 other students present, with the members of the Upper and Lower Tantric colleges in the front rows.

Paragraph 5: The gameplay of Klonoa 2: Lunatea's Veil is comparable to its predecessor Klonoa: Door to Phantomile, consisting of standard platforming stages and boss battles, as well as board-riding stages. After a specific point in the game, the player has the option of choosing which stage, or "Vision", to play on the game's world map. For most of the game, the player is restricted to a side-scrolling 2D path in a 3D environment, with the ability to move left, right, up, or down. The player can also turn toward or away from the screen to interact with or throw things at objects in the foreground or background. In the standard stages the goal is to reach the end of level by means of using the enemies to overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. Klonoa has a limited amount of health in the form of hearts, which is reduced when coming in contact with enemies and certain obstacles.

Paragraph 6: Throughout its run as Kiss FM, the station was known in the community for the Kiss FM Sunday Night Dance Parties held in Conneaut Lake held during the summer months. With studios originally in Franklin, later moving to Meadville, the sense of community the station fostered was second to none. Weekly live broadcasts brought station personalities and community members together. The station had a very large staff of on air personalities with names such as "Ted Bear" (who was legendary Northwest Pennsylvania broadcaster Todd Adkins in disguise),"Billy Valentine","Drew Love" and "Cupid." All airshifts were live and local, and many radio personalities got their start at this once legendary station. Callers dedicated "Goodnight Kisses" each evening at 10pm, and overnight host "Jason Valentine" connected with many listeners with outrageous radio games and stunts. It was local small market radio at is absolute best, and was a textbook training ground for new talent. Program Director Todd Adkins took pride in his station and was always a caring man to his staff, encouraging them to grow and develop their on air talent. Mascot Tookie the Toucan greeted Northwest Pennsylvanians at numerous public and community events and appearances. The 24-hour live, local airstaff provided great local radio and content from 2000-2006. The final year and a half of the station brought the loss of 24/7 live disc jockeys, automation, and what would eventually be the beginning of the end of the golden era of Kiss FM. This coincided with the move of the studio from Franklin to Meadville, where it joined the other stations in the Forever cluster. General Manager Jim Shields did not see a need to staff the station as much, as he saw more money being spent on a staff who cared deeply for local radio an unnecessary burden. In late 2006, legendary Program Director Todd Adkins was let go after more than 20 years with the station, and the writing was then on the wall. Personalities such as Tyrel and Brett Hart took on air positions in a different market and were replaced by voicetracking and glitchy automation that rarely worked. From March 2006 to October 2007, the station went from a 24/7 live and local airstaff made up of 8 local on air personalities (including the then program director) and one off-air board operator to one off-air program director who had other duties within the company. A true sign of the sad state of corporate radio and a sad reminder of the once great station that Northwest Pennsylvanians no longer have in their community.

Paragraph 7: The Regional Rail Link opened in the area in 2015. It travels from West Werribee through Tarneit to Deer Park and includes the new railway station of . The new station, built near the north east corner of Derrimut and Leakes Roads, provides a much faster service than the current Werribee railway line, which instead passes through Laverton and Newport. It has car parking with 1,000 spaces, ensuring Tarneit becomes a prime regional area for those who commute to the city on a regular basis. Regional Rail Link also re-directs Geelong V/Line trains from the Werribee line. Regional Rail Link opened on 21 June 2015, with Tarneit railway station coming under the metropolitan ticketing zone 2.

Paragraph 8: Vishal (Ajay Devgn), is a very hard-working officer who takes care of his family. He loves Sapna (Urmila Matondkar). His uncle, Lekhraj (Paresh Rawal), is trying to kill Vishal because he is a criminal whom Vishal is trying to unveil but does not know it is his uncle whom he respects. Then a robbery happens and Arun (Ajay Devgn) is the robber who is the duplicate of Vishal. Then Vishal was telling the Commissioner (Shivaji Satham), about Arun and him being his duplicate when he is shot by Lehkraj's son because he is on his father's side. Then Vishal goes into a coma and then the Commissioner makes a scheme with Arun to portray him as Vishal in the world's eyes so criminals have a fear of Vishal. When the Commissioner was talking with Arun, Sapna comes and the Commissioner tells Arun to hide behind the one-way transparent mirror. When Sapna comes, Arun instantly falls in love at first sight. When she was seeing through the mirror she did not see Arun but he saw her. Then the Commissioner tells Vishals family that Arun is Vishal. Arun's two friends, Pooja (Mahima Chaudhry) (who loves Arun but Arun does not love her back), and Okay (Johnny Lever). Pooja cries and adamantly asks the Commissioner to tell her the whereabouts of Arun. Time passes by and Vishal comes back from coma and Sapna is shocked and starts to hate Arun because of him not being Vishal and not telling her. Then as time passes, Arun keeps coming back because Vishal needs to be concentrating on his criminals and Sapna so he tells Arun to look after Sapna. One day Sapna tells Arun that "she spent time with Arun" thinking that whom she talking to is Vishal (but it is actually Arun she is talking to). She then starts to love Arun. Then Pooja finds out that Arun loves Sapna and Pooja is heartbroken. Sapna comes to Arun and asks him what should she do. He tells her that he does not deserve her but Vishal does. Vishal's and Sapna's marriage is arrange and the Commissioner finds out that the uncle of Vishal is the one who is terrorizing the city and Vishal is informed by him. Then the uncle shoots Arun trying to shoot Vishal. His uncle and his son are arrested and Arun survives. Just as he is leaving, he is stopped by Vishal and is told why is he leaving without Sapna. It is then revealed that when Pooja was telling Arun that Sapna loves Arun, she was actually talking to Vishal. Then Vishal unites Arun and Sapna. In the end, Vishal goes his own way, and so does Pooja telling that he will unites with Pooja.

Paragraph 9: Eventually a single first inversion B minor chord is passed back and forth between strings and woodwinds grows into the second strand in B minor, the agitated theme of the warring Capulets and Montagues, including a reference to the sword fight, depicted by crashing cymbals. There are agitated, quick sixteenth notes. The forceful irregular rhythms of the street music point ahead to Igor Stravinsky and beyond. The action suddenly slows, the key changing from B minor to D-flat (as suggested by Balakirev) and we hear the opening bars of the "love theme", the third strand, passionate and yearning in character but always with an underlying current of anxiety.

Paragraph 10: Singer Samir (al-Atrash) is married to dancer Samira Honolulu (Gamal) and they both work at the الربيع (“Spring”) Casino. The jealous wife watches him like a hawk and forbids him to carry money. Riding a bus driven by a madman (Abdul Halim Al-Qalawi) charging no fare, Samir crashes into a tree and breaks the ribs of a lady named Jamila Hanim Asala (Yassine in drag), sending her to the hospital. Samir escapes and goes to the Casino, where his ex-girlfriend Kiki (Camelia) wants to rekindle their old relationship. Samir warns her of his wife’s ire despite Kiki’s insistent offers, including having her wealthy Indian Maharaja friend open another casino and having him sing at her birthday party. After Kiki complains, Samir is forced to sing and drink wine while Samira is away to visit family; Kiki offers him a candy necklace borrowed from the Maharaja that falls from his hand and breaks, earning a promise to fix it and passage back home drunk. Samira searches his pockets and finds the necklace, which he passes off as a gift for her along with an alibi from his friend Arnab (Yassine) stating that he was at the opera. However, the opera director (Zaki Ibrahim) blows his cover by calling her about his health after the bus accident and revealing that the opera was closed that day. Kiki comes to ask about the necklace, so Samir tells his wife Kiki is Arnab’s fiancée. Samir’s lies snowball as he calls the insurance company to claim a £E5,000 reward for his injury to pay for the necklace, prompting the company to send appraiser Amin Dam al-Hanak (Al Nabulsy) to determine eligibility since he didn’t go to the hospital. Samir goes to the Casino, and when the doctor (Stephan Rosti) comes, Samira summons Arnab to be examined instead, but Samir and the representative arrive in time to encounter the doctor and Arnab. Kiki has revealed the necklace’s whereabouts to the Maharaja, who arrives to the gathering with his translator Tartour (Sayed Abu Bakr) and threatens Samir with a pistol, only for the fleeing Samir to be sedated for fear of it being a consequence of his injury. The police prepare to arrest the Maharaja, actually a notorious jewelry thief (Abdul-Jabbar Metwally), and it comes out that Tartour was a criminal informant and Jamila was Arnab’s aunt who Arnab asked to forgive Samir. Arnab marries Kiki, Samir promises his wife that Kiki was “the last lie,” and Samira promises to tone down her jealousy.

Paragraph 11: It was thought that Ahirani or Khandeshi dialect is spoken in Old Khandesh district. Now old Khandesh District of Maharashtra is divided in several districts.  Those are Jalgaon district, Dhulia District, Nandurbar district, Part of Nasik District and part of Aurangabad District. Ahiras spoke Ahirani dialect. Ahir Wani means dialect of Ahiras. Wani means dialect. It is known as Ahirani as it was spoken by Ahiras. Same dialect in this region is known as Khandeshi dialect. Because it is dialect of old Khandesh district. Khandeshi is regional name and Ahirani is social name for same dialect. Ahirani was spoken within the basin of Satpura Range and Sanhyadri Range. High picks of Satpuda, of Sanhyadri range (Chandwad and Ajanta) did not allowed to spread this dialect out of this closed area of Khandesh District. But similar dialect having similar social rituals, similar lexicography, phonology and syntax newly foundout by Dr. Ramesh Suryawanshi in Melghat area of Amaravati district. Near about fifty villages where Gawali people reside speak Gawali dialect. This dialect was not included in Griererson's Survey of India or Dr. Ganesh Devi's recent Bhasha Surveykshan. Gavali dialect and Ahirani dialect are same and one. Ahiras of Khandesh as well as Gawali of Melghat claim as they belong to God Shri Krishna's family. Both having back history of having relation with Ashirgad Fort, and Goddess Asha Devi. Both are cowherds indulged in business of milk and cattle. Gawali's of Malghat are not literate and reside in forest. Ahiras reside in towns and villages which are connected to metrocities with roads and railways. Ahiras left most of their past rituals and traditions. Ahiras of Khandesh nowadays are known by their business where as Gawalis are milkmen and cowherds. Most of their surnames are different. Gavali's of Melghat give milk and milk products free of cost to villagers with rotation as per their Surnames. It is considered that Gawali family of Shaniware Surname should distribute milk and milk products free of cost on Saturday. ( Shaniwar is word for Saturday )Gavali reside in Paratwada, Chandur, Melghat, Amarwati, Yeotmal Chimur tehsils of Vidarbhs Region. A legend discloses history of Gawali's migration to Melghat area. Lord Krishna went to Kaundanyapur with these Gawalis along with their several cattle. As lord Krishna returned with his beloved Rukmani from Kaundannyapur. Some Gawalis with their cattle decided to reside therein Melghat area as it was rich grassy land, good for their cattle.  This legendary story discloses the fact that Ahiras of Khandesh and Gawalis of Melghat both are of same race. So their dialect is same and one. This face is just disclosed by Dr. Ramesh suryawanshi in his article published in Critical Enquiry Vol.VI Issue IV. Oct.- Dec. 2014 by Institute of Knowledge Engineering.

Paragraph 12: Originally debuting in the book Runaways under the name "Excelsior", the team later received their own limited series with an option to continue as an ongoing should sales be high enough, though this was not the case. The title of the series and the team was changed from Excelsior to Loners, due to trademark issues as Stan Lee holds a trademark on the term "Excelsior!", though the team did appear in an issue of the third volume of Marvel Team-Up under the name Excelsior before Loners was published. The title premiered on April 11, 2007 and ran for six issues. In a stylistic departure from their debut appearance in Runaways as comic relief, Loners is not a comedy, though the covers of the individual issues still suggest a lighthearted tone by being direct homages to the iconic imagery of the teen comedy feature films of John Hughes, and the exaggerated personalities from their Runaways debut are also retained entirely for the cast, though this does create some continuity discrepancies, particularly Darkhawk's infrequent lapses into potentially murderous violence and sudden reversion to switching bodies in a manner that ignores later events from the Darkhawk series (this continuity gaffe even being referenced in Marvel Team-Up vol. 3 #15), and Julie Power no longer having the ability to teleport, her powers now including the ability to hover in the air without being in motion, and her character purporting to be from New York instead of the family home of Bainbridge Island, Washington. In a further departure from both their debut appearance and their appearances elsewhere in Marvel titles as a fully functioning superhero group who gather in costume, the group itself now has a completely different and unprecedented function, changing from a peer support/counseling group of active superheroes to an addiction/recovery group. It can be observed that the methods utilised by the group in many instances contradict common practices of individual empowerment found in addiction/recovery groups in favor of (ironically) codependency upon the group and its rituals. In the series, the "addiction" specified is addictive behavior: using superpowers, fighting crime, and helping those in need. The addictions are not to narcotic substance at any time during the series, although Mattie Franklin is seen getting drunk in a bar during the closing montage of issue 3 despite still being in high school, suggesting the possibility of alcohol dependence.

Paragraph 13: Much of the square became tenements from the 1900s when the south side of the city became more fashionable. By the 1960s, large portions of the square were in such poor condition that many were condemned and demolished as dangerous. Half of the south side of the square was bought up by Leinster Estates, a company owned by the property developer Matt Gallagher, in the early 1970s. His plan was to build a large office block designed by Desmond FitzGerald. Despite high objections from the Irish Georgian Society (IGI), permission for the office block scheme was granted in October 1967. After a public inquiry, Gallagher offered to sell his land with 7 standing houses and 13 demolished or partly demolished houses to the IGI for £68,000. Despite the formation of Mountjoy Square Estates in an attempt to take up Gallagher's offer, permission was granted for the office scheme again in July 1969. This stipulated that all of the house facades be reinstated, which called into question the financial viability of the project. This led to Mountjoy Square Estates purchasing the plots in December 1969 for £68,000 with the condition that all the houses would be restored individually, and all adhere to the Georgian aesthetic. However, the group could not secure the funds or purchasers willing to restore the buildings, and then continued to decay. After brickwork began to fall into the street, Dublin Corporation demolished many of the houses to first-floor level for safety reasons. In June 1972, the plot was sold to Patrick McCrea. McCrea began work on the site redeveloping it with a Georgian facade, but he ran out of funds. Following his death, the site remained untouched until 1978 when it was purchased by Stephen Treacy, though he failed to progress the project and by 1981 parts of brick cladding from the 1970s construction fell into the street, crushing two cars. Eventually, the whole site was developed with a replica Georgian facade designed by Sean Clifford and Associates.

Paragraph 14: Arul Pragasam was the father of jewellery designer Kali Arulpragasam, musician/filmmaker/visual artist Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam (better known by her stage name, M.I.A.), and Sugu Arulpragasam. His family moved back to Sri Lanka when Maya was six months old. M.I.A. named her 2005 debut album Arular after her father, partly for him to get in contact with her. "Arular" was his nom de guerre during the civil war. M.I.A. said of her upbringing: "I only had my mum. I never grew up with my dad so I don’t know what he’s like. I think I’m a mixture of both. My mum’s really passive, quiet and she’s not feisty. She cared about bringing in food and getting us to school and stuff but that’s as far as it went. Growing up without a dad, I was going to school and turning up at parents' meetings on my own. At the time everyone was like, "Oh if you had a dad he’d pay for your school and you’d have a better future". At the time, my mom was bringing us up and she was like, "The only thing your father gave you was a name". So that's why I used [his name "Arular"] on my album to turn it into a statement that my mom always made. If the only thing he's going to give me is a name, then that's what I'm going to use." In 2005, M.I.A. told EGO Magazine that despite her father's involvement in the conflict, she felt no affiliation to either armed party in the war, noting her work to be the voice of "civilians and refugees that get caught up in the cross fire of politics" and shocking enough to invoke discussion in young people that felt they had no right to talk. Following the end of the armed conflict in 2009, M.I.A. condemned the Government of Sri Lanka for engaging in systematic genocide against Tamils. In a 2010 feature for The Fader, she stated of the US and Sri Lankan government's behaviour towards her following her rise in prominence: "He negotiated peace processes, brought in the new army, and when he goes to Sri Lanka, it’s the government who gives him security against the Tigers", she explains. "They used it the other way and told the world my dad’s a Tiger which got me to this point. It’s like, 'Wow I didn’t know this guy, and this guy has been working for you for 20 fucking years, and when you feel like it you want to use my own dad against me to discredit what I do.'"

Paragraph 15: The Compagnie des Cent-Associés barely hung on against the Iroquois onslaught, with Iroquois war parties intercepting canoes carrying furs to Montreal, cutting off French forts, raiding French settlements along the banks of the St. Lawrence river to carry off captives, and sometimes laying out iron chains they had obtained from the Dutch to blockade the St. Lawrence to prevent ships from using the river. By 1660, the total population  of New France was 3,035 with about 1,928 being French. There were about 900 people living in Quebec City and about 200 each in Montreal and Trois-Rivières, and the rest spread out in small settlements along the St. Lawrence. The white population of New France was 63% male and most worked in some capacity in the fur trade. The Compagnie des Cent-Associés fulfilled the terms of its royal charter to bring settlers to New France, but most were indentured laborers who left New France at the end of their five-year contracts. The harsh winters, the shortage of women, and the threat of being carried off by the Iroquois led to very few Frenchmen wanting to stay, and unable to build the population, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés simply lacked the manpower to counter the Iroquois. Throughout the struggle, the authorities in New France sent desperate appeals for help to Paris, only to be informed France was fully engaged in a war with Spain that did not end until 1659 and there were no soldiers to spare to send to New France. Additionally, France was caught in a series of civil wars known as the Fronde in the 1650s, and with Frenchmen busy killing each other, it was inconceivable to send a force across the Atlantic. But even after the Peace of the Pyrenees ended the war with Spain in 1659, the Crown remained indifferent to New France. In 1661, Pierre Boucher, the governor of Trois-Rivières, visited Paris to beg for help, saying that people in Trois-Rivières were afraid to go outside without a weapon lest they be carried off by the Iroquois, only to be politely told that the responsibility of the defense of  New France rested with the Compagnie des Cent-Associés, not the Crown. Unable to turn a profit with the "Beaver Wars" raging, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés went bankrupt in 1663 and New France became a Crown colony ruled directly by the French state. The immediate concern of King Louis XIV was to make the new Crown colony turn a profit, which would require ending the Iroquois threat.

Paragraph 16: The 2004–05 season was the first full season for the league, and was seen by some to be the inaugural season. Before the season began, there was already interest by the National Hockey League (NHL) in China's hockey program. In addition to the five teams which took part in the tournament the year before, the league added Golden Amur from Russia as well as Harbin and Qiqihar from China. The first season had a schedule of 42 games. Teams played each other six times during the season. In December 2004 there was speculation by the South Korean media that North Korea could potentially field a team in the league, but that never materialized. The league also had an all-star game which took place on 22 and 23 January 2005 in Kushiro. The league was broken up into two teams, the Blue Orion and Red Antares. Fans voted on their favorite players and coaches. The most popular vote was for the forward position on the Blue Orion which received over 45,000 votes. Masatoshi Ito received the most votes with 9741. The skill competition and game were both won by the Blue Orion. The regular season finished with the Nippon Paper Cranes and Kokudo both having 98 points. After applying the league's tie-breaking procedure, the Nippon Paper Cranes were ranked first. The Nippon Paper Cranes also won the points race holding the top three spots in goals scored with Masatoshi Ito taking top honours at 33 goals. Darcy Mitani, also from the Cranes, took top spot in assists with 44 and points with 69. The playoffs saw the top four teams advance. The Golden Amur were swept in three games by Kokudo and the Cranes beat the Oji Paper in a close series, three games to one. The final was between the Cranes and Kokudo. While the Cranes won the first game, Kokudo won three games straight and won the playoffs. Chris Yule of Kokudo acquired ten points in the playoffs to lead the league while Chris Lindberg of the Cranes led the league in goals scored with six. Several players from Kokudo and the Cranes all had five assists. The 2005 ALH Awards were held in Tokyo and announced in April. Among the awards Kikuchi Naoya a goaltender for Kokudo was voted Most Valuable Player (MVP) and Matsuda Keisuke of the Nikkō Ice Bucks was voted Young Guy of the Year.

Paragraph 17: When Evan gets a job at Erinsborough High, he also decides to move his family to the suburb. Evan outbids Dee Bliss and Teresa Bell (Krista Vendy) for Number 32 Ramsay Street and manages to upset his new neighbours. Shortly after moving in, Evan's ex-wife, Genevieve, arrives and tries to convince their son, Matt, to go to Switzerland to attend a catering school. Evan is pleased when Matt turns her down, but he is upset when his other son, Chris, decides to stay with Genevieve. Evan gets off on the wrong foot with Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) when he reveals he has a radical approach to teaching. Evan feuds with both Joe Scully (Shane Connor) and Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher). Leo tells Evan that his P.E teacher, Dean Hearn (Jason Buckley), is unfairly treating him and Evan witnesses Dean pushing his son to the ground. Evan goes to Susan with his concerns, but Dean convinces her he did nothing wrong. Evan is horrified when he hears Dean admitting to throwing a chalk duster at Leo and he gets angry with him. Susan asks Evan to leave the school to cool off, while Dean resigns. The Hancocks begin having money worries and Evan and Maggie are concerned by Leo's strange behaviour. When they see him taking money from his friends, they confront him and he tells them that he has a paper round. Evan is not convinced and later learns Leo has been selling essays to raise money for break dancing lessons. Evan then bans Leo from attending any more classes, but when he sees how talented he is, Evan relents. Things between Evan and Maggie become strained when her studies get in the way of home life. Evan runs for a position on the local council against Joe and wins. Evan starts becoming estranged from his wife and children and he helps Genevieve when she returns to ask for his support, following a break up. Evan keeps his meetings with Genevieve a secret. Evan is shocked when he learns Matt and Leo have been involved in a car crash and Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) was injured too. Evan is angry with Matt when he faces police charges and Matt runs away. He later returns and Evan and Maggie are faced with large legal fees to keep him out of jail. They decide to sell their house. Evan's marriage to Maggie is strained further when he learns Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) is in love with her and tried to kiss her. Evan asks her for a divorce, but he and Maggie later decide to work through their issues. Evan and his family then say goodbye to their neighbours and leave.

Paragraph 18: It was thought that Ahirani or Khandeshi dialect is spoken in Old Khandesh district. Now old Khandesh District of Maharashtra is divided in several districts.  Those are Jalgaon district, Dhulia District, Nandurbar district, Part of Nasik District and part of Aurangabad District. Ahiras spoke Ahirani dialect. Ahir Wani means dialect of Ahiras. Wani means dialect. It is known as Ahirani as it was spoken by Ahiras. Same dialect in this region is known as Khandeshi dialect. Because it is dialect of old Khandesh district. Khandeshi is regional name and Ahirani is social name for same dialect. Ahirani was spoken within the basin of Satpura Range and Sanhyadri Range. High picks of Satpuda, of Sanhyadri range (Chandwad and Ajanta) did not allowed to spread this dialect out of this closed area of Khandesh District. But similar dialect having similar social rituals, similar lexicography, phonology and syntax newly foundout by Dr. Ramesh Suryawanshi in Melghat area of Amaravati district. Near about fifty villages where Gawali people reside speak Gawali dialect. This dialect was not included in Griererson's Survey of India or Dr. Ganesh Devi's recent Bhasha Surveykshan. Gavali dialect and Ahirani dialect are same and one. Ahiras of Khandesh as well as Gawali of Melghat claim as they belong to God Shri Krishna's family. Both having back history of having relation with Ashirgad Fort, and Goddess Asha Devi. Both are cowherds indulged in business of milk and cattle. Gawali's of Malghat are not literate and reside in forest. Ahiras reside in towns and villages which are connected to metrocities with roads and railways. Ahiras left most of their past rituals and traditions. Ahiras of Khandesh nowadays are known by their business where as Gawalis are milkmen and cowherds. Most of their surnames are different. Gavali's of Melghat give milk and milk products free of cost to villagers with rotation as per their Surnames. It is considered that Gawali family of Shaniware Surname should distribute milk and milk products free of cost on Saturday. ( Shaniwar is word for Saturday )Gavali reside in Paratwada, Chandur, Melghat, Amarwati, Yeotmal Chimur tehsils of Vidarbhs Region. A legend discloses history of Gawali's migration to Melghat area. Lord Krishna went to Kaundanyapur with these Gawalis along with their several cattle. As lord Krishna returned with his beloved Rukmani from Kaundannyapur. Some Gawalis with their cattle decided to reside therein Melghat area as it was rich grassy land, good for their cattle.  This legendary story discloses the fact that Ahiras of Khandesh and Gawalis of Melghat both are of same race. So their dialect is same and one. This face is just disclosed by Dr. Ramesh suryawanshi in his article published in Critical Enquiry Vol.VI Issue IV. Oct.- Dec. 2014 by Institute of Knowledge Engineering.

Paragraph 19: When Evan gets a job at Erinsborough High, he also decides to move his family to the suburb. Evan outbids Dee Bliss and Teresa Bell (Krista Vendy) for Number 32 Ramsay Street and manages to upset his new neighbours. Shortly after moving in, Evan's ex-wife, Genevieve, arrives and tries to convince their son, Matt, to go to Switzerland to attend a catering school. Evan is pleased when Matt turns her down, but he is upset when his other son, Chris, decides to stay with Genevieve. Evan gets off on the wrong foot with Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) when he reveals he has a radical approach to teaching. Evan feuds with both Joe Scully (Shane Connor) and Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher). Leo tells Evan that his P.E teacher, Dean Hearn (Jason Buckley), is unfairly treating him and Evan witnesses Dean pushing his son to the ground. Evan goes to Susan with his concerns, but Dean convinces her he did nothing wrong. Evan is horrified when he hears Dean admitting to throwing a chalk duster at Leo and he gets angry with him. Susan asks Evan to leave the school to cool off, while Dean resigns. The Hancocks begin having money worries and Evan and Maggie are concerned by Leo's strange behaviour. When they see him taking money from his friends, they confront him and he tells them that he has a paper round. Evan is not convinced and later learns Leo has been selling essays to raise money for break dancing lessons. Evan then bans Leo from attending any more classes, but when he sees how talented he is, Evan relents. Things between Evan and Maggie become strained when her studies get in the way of home life. Evan runs for a position on the local council against Joe and wins. Evan starts becoming estranged from his wife and children and he helps Genevieve when she returns to ask for his support, following a break up. Evan keeps his meetings with Genevieve a secret. Evan is shocked when he learns Matt and Leo have been involved in a car crash and Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) was injured too. Evan is angry with Matt when he faces police charges and Matt runs away. He later returns and Evan and Maggie are faced with large legal fees to keep him out of jail. They decide to sell their house. Evan's marriage to Maggie is strained further when he learns Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) is in love with her and tried to kiss her. Evan asks her for a divorce, but he and Maggie later decide to work through their issues. Evan and his family then say goodbye to their neighbours and leave.

Paragraph 20: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as a Platoon Leader, Company "C", First Reconnaissance Battalion, First Marine Division (Reinforced), Fleet Marine Force, Pacific, in action against communist insurgent forces in Quang Tin Province, Republic of Vietnam, on 16 June 1966. During the night Gunnery Sergeant (then Staff Sergeant) Howard's platoon of eighteen men was assaulted by a numerically superior force consisting of a well-trained North Vietnamese Battalion employing heavy small arms fire, automatic weapons and accurate weapon fire. Without hesitation he immediately organized his platoon to personally supervise the precarious defense of Hill 488. Utterly oblivious to the unrelenting fury of hostile enemy weapons fire and hand grenades he repeatedly exposed himself to enemy fire while directing the operation of his small force. As the enemy attack progressed and the enemy fire increased in volume and accuracy and despite his mounting casualties, Gunnery Sergeant Howard continued to set an example of calmness and courage. Moving from position to position, he inspired his men with dynamic leadership and courageous fighting spirit until he was struck and painfully wounded by fragments from an enemy hand grenade. Unable to move his legs and realizing that the position was becoming untenable, he distributed his ammunition to the remaining members of his platoon and skillfully directed friendly aircraft and artillery strikes with uncanny accuracy upon the enemy. Dawn found the beleaguered force diminished by five killed and all but one wounded. When rescue helicopters proceeded to Gunnery Sergeant Howard's position, he directed them away from his badly mauled force and called additional air strikes and directed devastating small arms fire on the enemy thus making the landing zone secure as possible. His valiant leadership and courageous fighting spirit served to inspire the men of his platoon to heroic endeavor in the face of overwhelming odds, and reflected the highest credit upon Gunnery Sergeant Howard, the Marine Corps and the United States Naval Service.

Paragraph 21: Then came the magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Casiguran (in which Manila was severely affected by that quake). This strong earthquake lead to the collapse of the Ruby Tower in the capital's downtown districts. This was the second major news event as a progenitor to the current Radyo Patrol; DZAQ took on the gargantuan task of informing the nation live as it happened. The Radyo Patrol Ruby Tower project was then handled by former DZAQ station manager Orly Mercado, and veteran broadcaster Joe Taruc; the first reporters assigned as Radyo Patrol reporters were Mercado himself, Jun Ricafrente, Mario Garcia, Chris Daluz, and Ismael Reyes. The marathon radio-TV simulcast of a major coverage — the first of its kind by a Philippine media firm, was a success, and the Radyo Patrol format later became an integral part of DZAQ's broadcasts, with the station's field reporters being assigned to cover breaking news stories and then calling the station to convey these stories as they happened. Encouraged by the success of the field reports of breaking news stories in the Greater Manila Area and beyond, DZAQ was later that year converted into a 24-hour uninterrupted news and commentary station by orders of the corporation management, covering many national events of great importance to listeners, as DZXL took over its entertainment and music programming. Based on a survey conducted by Seamark, Inc., DZXL was the most popular radio station in the country by mid-1970. At the same time, the original team of 5 field reporters was later expanded to include both young announcers like Rey Langit (now with DZRJ-AM), Ernie Baron, and Manolo Favis (now with Radyo La Verdad 1350), alongside industry news veterans. By 1971, the success of the Radyo Patrol format in the Greater Manila Area had led to select ABS-CBN provincial radio stations establishing Radyo Patrol news services within their areas.

Paragraph 22: Eventually a single first inversion B minor chord is passed back and forth between strings and woodwinds grows into the second strand in B minor, the agitated theme of the warring Capulets and Montagues, including a reference to the sword fight, depicted by crashing cymbals. There are agitated, quick sixteenth notes. The forceful irregular rhythms of the street music point ahead to Igor Stravinsky and beyond. The action suddenly slows, the key changing from B minor to D-flat (as suggested by Balakirev) and we hear the opening bars of the "love theme", the third strand, passionate and yearning in character but always with an underlying current of anxiety.

Paragraph 23: The Compagnie des Cent-Associés barely hung on against the Iroquois onslaught, with Iroquois war parties intercepting canoes carrying furs to Montreal, cutting off French forts, raiding French settlements along the banks of the St. Lawrence river to carry off captives, and sometimes laying out iron chains they had obtained from the Dutch to blockade the St. Lawrence to prevent ships from using the river. By 1660, the total population  of New France was 3,035 with about 1,928 being French. There were about 900 people living in Quebec City and about 200 each in Montreal and Trois-Rivières, and the rest spread out in small settlements along the St. Lawrence. The white population of New France was 63% male and most worked in some capacity in the fur trade. The Compagnie des Cent-Associés fulfilled the terms of its royal charter to bring settlers to New France, but most were indentured laborers who left New France at the end of their five-year contracts. The harsh winters, the shortage of women, and the threat of being carried off by the Iroquois led to very few Frenchmen wanting to stay, and unable to build the population, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés simply lacked the manpower to counter the Iroquois. Throughout the struggle, the authorities in New France sent desperate appeals for help to Paris, only to be informed France was fully engaged in a war with Spain that did not end until 1659 and there were no soldiers to spare to send to New France. Additionally, France was caught in a series of civil wars known as the Fronde in the 1650s, and with Frenchmen busy killing each other, it was inconceivable to send a force across the Atlantic. But even after the Peace of the Pyrenees ended the war with Spain in 1659, the Crown remained indifferent to New France. In 1661, Pierre Boucher, the governor of Trois-Rivières, visited Paris to beg for help, saying that people in Trois-Rivières were afraid to go outside without a weapon lest they be carried off by the Iroquois, only to be politely told that the responsibility of the defense of  New France rested with the Compagnie des Cent-Associés, not the Crown. Unable to turn a profit with the "Beaver Wars" raging, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés went bankrupt in 1663 and New France became a Crown colony ruled directly by the French state. The immediate concern of King Louis XIV was to make the new Crown colony turn a profit, which would require ending the Iroquois threat.

Paragraph 24: The line continues north, but sees limited traffic beyond Werris Creek. The line reaches the major New England towns of Tamworth and Armidale, the latter being the northernmost extent of service on the line. Until the mid-2000s freight traffic continued to the disused station at Dumaresq which is home to a now-also-disused agricultural fertilizer depot. There is now wire across the corridor at several points between Armidale and Dumaresq, after which the line is closed. A block is placed across the tracks a short distance from Dumaresq, at the 590 kilometre mark. North of Glen Innes the line, and particularly its bridges, have fallen into disrepair. In December 1991 the line was severed when the Roads & Traffic Authority built a deviation of the New England Highway over the line at Bluff Rock south of Tenterfield. At Wallangarra, the line met Queensland Railways' Southern railway line.

Paragraph 25: When Evan gets a job at Erinsborough High, he also decides to move his family to the suburb. Evan outbids Dee Bliss and Teresa Bell (Krista Vendy) for Number 32 Ramsay Street and manages to upset his new neighbours. Shortly after moving in, Evan's ex-wife, Genevieve, arrives and tries to convince their son, Matt, to go to Switzerland to attend a catering school. Evan is pleased when Matt turns her down, but he is upset when his other son, Chris, decides to stay with Genevieve. Evan gets off on the wrong foot with Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) when he reveals he has a radical approach to teaching. Evan feuds with both Joe Scully (Shane Connor) and Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher). Leo tells Evan that his P.E teacher, Dean Hearn (Jason Buckley), is unfairly treating him and Evan witnesses Dean pushing his son to the ground. Evan goes to Susan with his concerns, but Dean convinces her he did nothing wrong. Evan is horrified when he hears Dean admitting to throwing a chalk duster at Leo and he gets angry with him. Susan asks Evan to leave the school to cool off, while Dean resigns. The Hancocks begin having money worries and Evan and Maggie are concerned by Leo's strange behaviour. When they see him taking money from his friends, they confront him and he tells them that he has a paper round. Evan is not convinced and later learns Leo has been selling essays to raise money for break dancing lessons. Evan then bans Leo from attending any more classes, but when he sees how talented he is, Evan relents. Things between Evan and Maggie become strained when her studies get in the way of home life. Evan runs for a position on the local council against Joe and wins. Evan starts becoming estranged from his wife and children and he helps Genevieve when she returns to ask for his support, following a break up. Evan keeps his meetings with Genevieve a secret. Evan is shocked when he learns Matt and Leo have been involved in a car crash and Harold Bishop (Ian Smith) was injured too. Evan is angry with Matt when he faces police charges and Matt runs away. He later returns and Evan and Maggie are faced with large legal fees to keep him out of jail. They decide to sell their house. Evan's marriage to Maggie is strained further when he learns Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney) is in love with her and tried to kiss her. Evan asks her for a divorce, but he and Maggie later decide to work through their issues. Evan and his family then say goodbye to their neighbours and leave.

Paragraph 26: Sukanya Verma reviewing for Rediff felt that Chhichhore offered "too good a time to pay attention to its faults", giving the film 3.5 out of 4 stars. Sreeparna Sengupta of The Times of India gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5, praising the performances of Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, Varun Sharma and Tahir Raj Bhasin. Sengupta noted that the screenplay was predictable and the pace was slow, but the film had a theme of academic success that connected with youngsters and parents, writing that, "it [Chhichhore] tells you that the journey is far more important than the destination and that losing is as critical a life lesson as winning. The film scores high on many accounts and is certainly worth watching." Monika Rawal Kukreja from Hindustan Times wrote that, "the Sushant Singh Rajput-Shraddha Kapoor film takes you on a nostalgia trip to your college days with an engaging narrative and flashback sequences". Rahul Desai of Film Companion praised the film, calling it a "solid, homegrown college movie for the ages", further adding that, "Chhichhore is a hoot, but it's not flawless. Eventually though, it's Tiwari's understanding of mainstream emotional dynamics that tide the missteps over to frame an enjoyable film". Rajeev Masand, reviewing for News18 gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5, calling it [Chhichhore] "good, harmless fun". Bollywood Hungama in its review wrote that, "on the whole, the Sushant Singh Rajput Shraddha Kapoor starrer Chhichhore is a decent entertainer that has its share of touching scenes", while giving it 3.5/5 stars. Umesh Punwani of Koimoi praised the film, calling it "a king-size platter serving entertainment and emotions", further adding that, "with quite a many memorable performances, it's a film that will linger in your mind long enough after you leave the cinema hall", and gave it 3.5 stars out of 5. Prachita Pandey of DNA gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5, noting that, " 'Chhichhore' drives home the point that in life's battles between winning and losing, the most important thing is 'life' itself" while praising the film for initiating the viewers on "a nostalgia trip". Udita Jhunjhunwala while reviewing for Mint praised the film by calling it a "lively homage to hostel life"; moreover praising the film's humor, she called it "organic". The Economic Times gave the movie 3.5/5 stars, calling it a "likeable film with relevant social message", further adding that the movie contains "plenty of nostalgia and warm, feel-good moments, several frat boy jokes, and some genuinely laugh-out-loud moments".

Paragraph 27: Michael first appears on the street in Gail McIntyre's (Helen Worth) house, pretending to be a gas man, who has come to the house to look at the "gas leak". He is revealed as a burglar and pushes Gail, causing her to fall over and Kylie Platt (Paula Lane) chases him out of the street, but he gets into his van and drives off, with Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) failing to read his number plate as he drives away. Gail starts to become anxious when she is home alone due to the burglary and is helped by her son David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), Kylie and mother Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls). Weeks later, Gail visits Michael in prison to ask him about why he tried to burgle her house. They gradually grow close and she begins to stick up for him in front of David and Kylie. Michael gets a job at a local garden centre, until he is sacked after Kylie and David interfere with his work by telling the garden centre manager about Michael's criminal past. Although the manager knew this, he still sacks Michael after Kylie causes a scene. The next day, Gail takes Michael to Street Cars and helps him get a job there, after he somewhat impresses Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) and Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). He is due to start work the next day, but David and Gail's other son Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) go to his flat and threaten him and tell him not to come back to Weatherfield and attempt to contact their mother ever again or go to work at Street Cars. Gail asks after him at the cab office, and employee Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) tells her that Michael didn't turn up. Not knowing why Michael didn't turn up, Gail then visits the flat and demands that Michael apologise to Lloyd and Steve for letting them down. Reluctantly, he lies and says that working so close to her would be too much for him, as he has feelings for her. Gail then leaves the flat, sad that Michael feels that way. The day after, Nick accidentally lets slip that he knows where Michael is living, and Gail visits Michael again. Michael admits that Nick and David threatened him, and agrees to go to work the next morning, while Gail promises to sort her sons out. Steve then agrees to give Michael another chance. To show his gratitude towards Gail, Michael buys the Platts a new television, after Kylie's young son Max Turner (Harry McDermott) destroyed their last one. He tells Gail that the TV cost £200, but when David later looks up the price on the internet, it says that it costs £420. David then tries to convince Gail that Michael stole money in order to buy the television, but Gail will not listen to him. Michael then produces the receipt, proving he did buy the television, and also shows them a solicitors letter to prove where he got the money, after he received it from a deceased aunt's estate. David remains skeptical, but his suspicions are soon eclipsed by his much greater concerns about his sworn enemy: Max's biological father Callum Logan (Sean Ward).

Paragraph 28: Then came the magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Casiguran (in which Manila was severely affected by that quake). This strong earthquake lead to the collapse of the Ruby Tower in the capital's downtown districts. This was the second major news event as a progenitor to the current Radyo Patrol; DZAQ took on the gargantuan task of informing the nation live as it happened. The Radyo Patrol Ruby Tower project was then handled by former DZAQ station manager Orly Mercado, and veteran broadcaster Joe Taruc; the first reporters assigned as Radyo Patrol reporters were Mercado himself, Jun Ricafrente, Mario Garcia, Chris Daluz, and Ismael Reyes. The marathon radio-TV simulcast of a major coverage — the first of its kind by a Philippine media firm, was a success, and the Radyo Patrol format later became an integral part of DZAQ's broadcasts, with the station's field reporters being assigned to cover breaking news stories and then calling the station to convey these stories as they happened. Encouraged by the success of the field reports of breaking news stories in the Greater Manila Area and beyond, DZAQ was later that year converted into a 24-hour uninterrupted news and commentary station by orders of the corporation management, covering many national events of great importance to listeners, as DZXL took over its entertainment and music programming. Based on a survey conducted by Seamark, Inc., DZXL was the most popular radio station in the country by mid-1970. At the same time, the original team of 5 field reporters was later expanded to include both young announcers like Rey Langit (now with DZRJ-AM), Ernie Baron, and Manolo Favis (now with Radyo La Verdad 1350), alongside industry news veterans. By 1971, the success of the Radyo Patrol format in the Greater Manila Area had led to select ABS-CBN provincial radio stations establishing Radyo Patrol news services within their areas.

Paragraph 29: In efforts to aid an alternate-reality-displaced Tangent Flash (Lia Nelson), Green Lantern (John Stewart) and the Flash (Wally West) are inexplicably transported to Earth-9, the Tangent Universe, by the Tangent Green Lantern. The trio joins the Tangent Spectre and the Tangent Manhunter in freeing the Atom, leaving John Stewart captured by the Tangent Superman, ruler of Earth-9. While being interrogated by the Tangent Superman, John Stewart's ring is contacted by Hal Jordan's ring, which the Tangent Green Lantern uses to bring additional members of the Justice League to Earth-9. The rescued Atom is revealed to be the Tangent Powergirl, lover to the Tangent Superman, and a fight ensues. The Tangent Manhunter is brutally murdered. The Tangent Superman takes Stewart's power ring and uses the ring, augmented by his psychic powers and the magic of the Tangent Orion, to travel to New Earth of the mainstream DC Universe. Meanwhile, Batman infiltrates the Core, the hub of information on Earth-9, and is saved by the Tangent Batman while escaping, who is mounting a revolution against the Tangent Superman. The Tangent Superman and the Tangent Powergirl battle their New Earth counterparts, only to escape and destroy the White House. The Tangent Superman proceeds to kidnap the world's leaders, cede power from them and detonate a nuclear weapon to distract New Earth's heroes. While on Earth-9, the heroes find and recruit the Tangent Superman's last tie to humanity, his wife Lola Dent. The heroes on Earth-9 transport themselves back to New Earth, where the combined forces of New Earth's and Earth-9's heroes fight against the Tangent Superman, the Tangent Powergirl and a cadre of villains that the Earth-9 ruler has gathered from New Earth (Lex Luthor, the Joker, Mr. Freeze, the Icicle, Black Manta, Poison Ivy and Felix Faust), as well as the Tangent Ultra-Humanite. The raging battle against the Tangent Superman weakens him, allowing him to be ultimately defeated by his wife, concluding the story.

Paragraph 30: Before he became a professional cricketer Tyson played for Middleton in the Central Lancashire League, Knypersley in the North Staffordshire League, Durham University and the Army. Although invited for trials by Lancashire at Old Trafford he was turned down 'because he dipped at the knee', so he qualified for Northamptonshire in 1952 through residence. Tyson made his first-class debut against the Indian tourists in 1952, after his first ball the slips moved back an extra five yards and his first wicket was that of the Test batsman Pankaj Roy for a duck. Tyson's second first-class match was against the Australians in 1953. Richie Benaud was told that the unknown Tyson was a bowler fresh out of Durham University who would give them no trouble. They began to revise this estimation when they saw the wicket-keeper take position halfway to the boundary and young Tyson walked over to the sightscreen to begin his run up. The first ball ricocheted off the edge of Colin McDonald's bat to the boundary, the second trapped him lbw before he could play a stroke, the third was a bouncer that flew past Graeme Hole's nose and the fourth was a yorker that clean bowled Hole and sent his stumps cartwheeling over the wicket-keeper's head. In 1954 at Old Trafford Tyson hit the sightscreen with the ball after it bounced once on the pitch. He is one of only four bowlers to have achieved this feat in the history of the game, the others being Charles Kortright, Roy Gilchrist and Jeff Thomson. and he was given his county cap in the same year, his first full first-class season. Tyson reckoned that he received his Test call up when ex-England captains Gubby Allen and Norman Yardley saw him hospitalise Bill Edrich at Lords. Edrich, a noted hooker of fast bowling, mistimed his stroke due to the speed of the ball and his cheek bone was broken. The Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) were thereby convinced of the speed and hostility of Tyson's bowling and decided to take him to Australia. He was selected to play for England against Pakistan at the Oval in 1954, taking 4–35 and 1–22 and making 3 runs in each innings batting at number eight, but Pakistan won the match by 24 runs thanks to the bowling of Fazal Mahmood. Although he batted at number eleven in league cricket "The Middleton groundsman was a fatalist. He used to start up the roller to refurbish the wicket when I went in to bat". Tyson worked on his batting and in 1954 "was building up a reputation as an all-rounder, scoring consistently with the bat", and he batted at number seven for England. However, this did not develop as much as expected and he reverted to being a lower-order batsman.

Paragraph 31: The two destroyers of the Mărăști class, previously known as the Vifor class, were ordered in 1913 by Romania from the Pattison Shipyard in Italy, together with two more ships that would not be delivered. According to the Romanian specifications, the four vessels were to be large destroyers armed with three 120 mm guns, four 75 mm guns and five torpedo tubes. However, when Italy joined the war in June 1915, the four ships were requisitioned by the Italian Navy and completed as scout cruisers (esploratori), armed with three 152 mm guns, four 76 mm guns, two machine guns and two twin 457 mm torpedo tubes. Each ship measured 94.7 meters in length, with a beam of 9.5 meters and a draught of 3.6 meters. Power plant consisted of Tosi turbines and five Thornycroft boilers, generating a designed output of 40,000 hp powering two shafts, which gave each warship a designed top speed of 34 knots. However, this actually oscillated between 35 and 38 knots, depending on the vessel. Each ship had a complement of 146, with ranges of 1,700 nautical miles at 15 knots and 380 nautical miles at 34 knots. Wartime standard displacement amounted to 1,410 tons with a full load displacement of 1,723 tons. After a brief career in the Italian Navy, two of these warships were ultimately received by Romania in 1920, with the names Mărăști and Mărășești. Despite retaining their cruiser-typical firepower, the two ships were officially rated as destroyers by the Romanian Navy. Mărăști and Mărășești were refitted at the Galați shipyard in Romania in 1925, and sent back to Naples for rearming in 1926. The two rearmed warships are also known as the Mărăști-class. As of 1939, when the Second World War started, their artillery approached cruiser standards, amounting to nine heavy naval guns (five of 120 mm and four of 76 mm). In addition, they retained their two twin 457 mm torpedo tubes as well as two machine guns, plus the capacity to carry up to 50 mines. They thus became the most heavily-armed warships in the history of the Royal Romanian Navy, apart from the battleship Potemkin, which was de facto under Romanian control for a brief time in July 1905. All these guns increased their standard displacement to 1,460 tons. Three of these heavy guns (one 120 mm and two 76 mm) were removed in order to make room for two 37 mm and four 20 mm anti-aircraft guns plus two depth charge throwers (one of 900 mm and one of 330 mm). Despite having their heavy armament reduced to destroyer standards, the two warships still presented some cruiser characteristics, such as retaining their torpedo tubes mounted on the broadsides instead of the centerline.

Paragraph 32: In 1941 Trijang Rinpoche also received the news that his Spiritual Guide Je Phabongkhapa had died. This made him immeasurably sad and he made many prayers and offerings. In 1942, he was one of the Dalai Lama's ordaining monks (and later in 1954 he acted as the so-called "inquisitor into the secrets" when the Dalai Lama took full ordination.) In 1947 he began the Dalai Lama's dialectics and logical trainings (finishing in 1959 by conducting the Dalai Lama's final oral examination during the Prayer Festival), and took him on an extensive tour of Drepung and Sera monasteries to install him on the various thrones he occupies at these monasteries. In 1950, the Chinese communists entered the Chamdo region by way of Kham and as a result Trijang Rinpoche accompanied the Dalai Lama, in his spiritual and temporal capacities, to Dromo, where he gave more teachings on Lamrim. In 1954 he accompanied the Dalai Lama to Ganden, and then to Beijing via Kongpo, Powo, Chamdo etc. In 1956 he accompanied the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama on a pilgrimage to India. In 1960 and 1961, after he and the Dalai Lama had fled to India, he gave the Dalai Lama the major empowerments of Heruka Five Deities according to Ghantapa, Vajrayogini according to Naropa, and other initiations. In 1962 he gave him the empowerment of the Body Mandala of Heruka and taught generation stage and completion stage of this Tantra. In 1963, he gave the Dalai Lama the complete oral transmission of the Collected Works of Je Tsongkhapa, plus discourses on the Guru Puja, Gelugpa Mahamudra and Yamantaka Tantra. In 1964, he taught the Dalai Lama the Lamrim Chenmo and the 800-verse Prajnaparamita Sutra, and in 1966 he gave the Dalai Lama the oral transmission of the Collected Works of Gyaltsabje and Khedrubje (Je Tsongkhapa's two principal disciples). In Spring of 1970 he taught the Dalai Lama the generation and completion stages of Chittamani Tara and of Vajrayogini according to Naropa, and gave him empowerments into the 16 Droplets of the Kadampas. Later that year he gave many long-life empowerments to the Dalai Lama, along with initiation of Guhyasamaja and teachings on Wheel of Sharp Weapons and Lojong (training the mind), and major empowerments into 62 Deity Heruka according to Luipa. There were also 700 other students present, with the members of the Upper and Lower Tantric colleges in the front rows.

Paragraph 33: Before he became a professional cricketer Tyson played for Middleton in the Central Lancashire League, Knypersley in the North Staffordshire League, Durham University and the Army. Although invited for trials by Lancashire at Old Trafford he was turned down 'because he dipped at the knee', so he qualified for Northamptonshire in 1952 through residence. Tyson made his first-class debut against the Indian tourists in 1952, after his first ball the slips moved back an extra five yards and his first wicket was that of the Test batsman Pankaj Roy for a duck. Tyson's second first-class match was against the Australians in 1953. Richie Benaud was told that the unknown Tyson was a bowler fresh out of Durham University who would give them no trouble. They began to revise this estimation when they saw the wicket-keeper take position halfway to the boundary and young Tyson walked over to the sightscreen to begin his run up. The first ball ricocheted off the edge of Colin McDonald's bat to the boundary, the second trapped him lbw before he could play a stroke, the third was a bouncer that flew past Graeme Hole's nose and the fourth was a yorker that clean bowled Hole and sent his stumps cartwheeling over the wicket-keeper's head. In 1954 at Old Trafford Tyson hit the sightscreen with the ball after it bounced once on the pitch. He is one of only four bowlers to have achieved this feat in the history of the game, the others being Charles Kortright, Roy Gilchrist and Jeff Thomson. and he was given his county cap in the same year, his first full first-class season. Tyson reckoned that he received his Test call up when ex-England captains Gubby Allen and Norman Yardley saw him hospitalise Bill Edrich at Lords. Edrich, a noted hooker of fast bowling, mistimed his stroke due to the speed of the ball and his cheek bone was broken. The Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) were thereby convinced of the speed and hostility of Tyson's bowling and decided to take him to Australia. He was selected to play for England against Pakistan at the Oval in 1954, taking 4–35 and 1–22 and making 3 runs in each innings batting at number eight, but Pakistan won the match by 24 runs thanks to the bowling of Fazal Mahmood. Although he batted at number eleven in league cricket "The Middleton groundsman was a fatalist. He used to start up the roller to refurbish the wicket when I went in to bat". Tyson worked on his batting and in 1954 "was building up a reputation as an all-rounder, scoring consistently with the bat", and he batted at number seven for England. However, this did not develop as much as expected and he reverted to being a lower-order batsman.

Paragraph 34: The Compagnie des Cent-Associés barely hung on against the Iroquois onslaught, with Iroquois war parties intercepting canoes carrying furs to Montreal, cutting off French forts, raiding French settlements along the banks of the St. Lawrence river to carry off captives, and sometimes laying out iron chains they had obtained from the Dutch to blockade the St. Lawrence to prevent ships from using the river. By 1660, the total population  of New France was 3,035 with about 1,928 being French. There were about 900 people living in Quebec City and about 200 each in Montreal and Trois-Rivières, and the rest spread out in small settlements along the St. Lawrence. The white population of New France was 63% male and most worked in some capacity in the fur trade. The Compagnie des Cent-Associés fulfilled the terms of its royal charter to bring settlers to New France, but most were indentured laborers who left New France at the end of their five-year contracts. The harsh winters, the shortage of women, and the threat of being carried off by the Iroquois led to very few Frenchmen wanting to stay, and unable to build the population, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés simply lacked the manpower to counter the Iroquois. Throughout the struggle, the authorities in New France sent desperate appeals for help to Paris, only to be informed France was fully engaged in a war with Spain that did not end until 1659 and there were no soldiers to spare to send to New France. Additionally, France was caught in a series of civil wars known as the Fronde in the 1650s, and with Frenchmen busy killing each other, it was inconceivable to send a force across the Atlantic. But even after the Peace of the Pyrenees ended the war with Spain in 1659, the Crown remained indifferent to New France. In 1661, Pierre Boucher, the governor of Trois-Rivières, visited Paris to beg for help, saying that people in Trois-Rivières were afraid to go outside without a weapon lest they be carried off by the Iroquois, only to be politely told that the responsibility of the defense of  New France rested with the Compagnie des Cent-Associés, not the Crown. Unable to turn a profit with the "Beaver Wars" raging, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés went bankrupt in 1663 and New France became a Crown colony ruled directly by the French state. The immediate concern of King Louis XIV was to make the new Crown colony turn a profit, which would require ending the Iroquois threat.

Paragraph 35: The Compagnie des Cent-Associés barely hung on against the Iroquois onslaught, with Iroquois war parties intercepting canoes carrying furs to Montreal, cutting off French forts, raiding French settlements along the banks of the St. Lawrence river to carry off captives, and sometimes laying out iron chains they had obtained from the Dutch to blockade the St. Lawrence to prevent ships from using the river. By 1660, the total population  of New France was 3,035 with about 1,928 being French. There were about 900 people living in Quebec City and about 200 each in Montreal and Trois-Rivières, and the rest spread out in small settlements along the St. Lawrence. The white population of New France was 63% male and most worked in some capacity in the fur trade. The Compagnie des Cent-Associés fulfilled the terms of its royal charter to bring settlers to New France, but most were indentured laborers who left New France at the end of their five-year contracts. The harsh winters, the shortage of women, and the threat of being carried off by the Iroquois led to very few Frenchmen wanting to stay, and unable to build the population, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés simply lacked the manpower to counter the Iroquois. Throughout the struggle, the authorities in New France sent desperate appeals for help to Paris, only to be informed France was fully engaged in a war with Spain that did not end until 1659 and there were no soldiers to spare to send to New France. Additionally, France was caught in a series of civil wars known as the Fronde in the 1650s, and with Frenchmen busy killing each other, it was inconceivable to send a force across the Atlantic. But even after the Peace of the Pyrenees ended the war with Spain in 1659, the Crown remained indifferent to New France. In 1661, Pierre Boucher, the governor of Trois-Rivières, visited Paris to beg for help, saying that people in Trois-Rivières were afraid to go outside without a weapon lest they be carried off by the Iroquois, only to be politely told that the responsibility of the defense of  New France rested with the Compagnie des Cent-Associés, not the Crown. Unable to turn a profit with the "Beaver Wars" raging, the Compagnie des Cent-Associés went bankrupt in 1663 and New France became a Crown colony ruled directly by the French state. The immediate concern of King Louis XIV was to make the new Crown colony turn a profit, which would require ending the Iroquois threat.