Paragraph 1: In June 1982, the state legislature established a public nonprofit corporation to manage construction and operations of the convention center. Governor Spellman appointed the corporation's board of directors which included banker James Cairns Jr. as chair, civic activist Jim Ellis, former councilwoman Phyllis Lamphere, and business leaders from Seattle and the Eastside. The appointed board was tasked with selecting a site for the convention center, with hopes of opening the facility by 1986. Public support for the project remained high because of a local recession. The project's location and public amenities, however, were the subject of a major debate that spanned several months of public hearings and city council meetings. TRA Architects were named as the head of a joint venture design team in September 1982. They unveiled preliminary designs for the convention center in February 1983 based on three finalist sites and a general size of . The freeway site, supported by downtown businesses and authorized by the state legislature, would span Interstate 5 between Freeway Park and Pike Street. It would include landscaped terraces and private development using the freeway's air rights, leased from the Washington State Department of Transportation. The Seattle Center site, supported by the city government, would replace the Metro Transit bus base and part of Memorial Stadium. The stadium part would be traded by the Seattle School District for the Metro Transit bus base. Some of the design options for the Seattle Center site included integrated bus facilities for Metro Transit in a lower level garage as well as a spur of the monorail serving the facility's top floor. The Kingdome site, deemed the one "left behind" in the "two-horse race" between the freeway and Seattle Center proposals, would replace the north parking lot and be adjacent to King Street Station. A pedestrian bridge would cross over the tracks to reach 4th Avenue South. A report prepared by a consultant hired by the convention center board favored the freeway site for its marketability. However, it found that the Kingdome and Seattle Center sites would be easily expandable and would have a lower operating cost due to shared equipment. The report also raised concerns about the potential loss of low-income housing concentrated on First Hill and the potential increase in noise and air pollution for the neighborhood. A separate report by the city concluded the freeway site would hurt operating revenue from parking at the Seattle Center. It also criticized the consultant's report for its lack of information and cost data.

Paragraph 2: Brenz was born in the then Imperial City of Weil der Stadt, 20 miles west of Stuttgart. He received his education at Heidelberg, where, shortly after becoming magister and regent of the Realistenbursa in 1518, he delivered philological and philosophical lectures. He also lectured on the Gospel of Matthew, only to be prohibited on account of his popularity and his novel exegesis, especially as he had already been won over to the side of Luther, not only through his ninety-five theses, but still more by personal acquaintance with him at the disputation at Heidelberg in April 1518. In 1522 Brenz was threatened with a trial for heresy, but escaped through a call to the pastorate of Schwäbisch Hall. In the spring of 1524 he received a strong ally in his activity as a Reformer in Johann Isenmann, who became pastor of the parish-church at Hall. The feast of corpus Christi was the first to be discarded, and in 1524 the monastery of the Discalced Friars was transformed into a school. In the German Peasants' War, on the other hand, Brenz deprecated the abuse of evangelical liberty by the peasants, pleading for mercy to the conquered and warning the magistracy of their duties. At Christmas the Lord's Supper was administered in both kinds, and at Easter of the following year the first regulations were framed for the church and the school. Brenz himself prepared in 1528 a larger and a smaller catechism for the young, both characterized by simplicity, warmth, and a childlike spirit.

Paragraph 3: As part of the construction of Grand Central Terminal, the New York Central started planning a hotel on the city block bounded by Madison Avenue, 44th Street, Vanderbilt Avenue, and 43rd Street. It was to be one of two hotels adjacent to the terminal; there would be another hotel on Lexington Avenue to the east. The New York Central formally announced plans for the 23-story Biltmore Hotel on Madison Avenue in February 1912; the railroad wanted to maximize usage of the site, which was largely occupied by the new terminal's railroad tracks. The hotel was to be named after the Biltmore Estate in North Carolina, itself named for the last syllable of the Vanderbilt family's name. the hotel would be developed by the New York Central and the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. The New York State Realty and Terminal Company, a division of the New York Central, leased the hotel to Gustav Baumann, operator of the Holland House hotel. In March 1912, Warren and Wetmore filed plans with the New York City Department of Buildings for the 26-story hotel, which was projected to cost $4.5 million. Baumann hired John McEntee Bowman that May to manage the hotel, and Bowman supervised the Biltmore's development.

Paragraph 4: The massive barrage stunned but failed to suppress the defenders from  10th SS Panzer Division. When the Wessex infantry went forward they came under heavy fire and had to clear defenders from the dugouts and defensive positions of their outpost line on the forward slopes. 5th Battalion Dorsets and 9th Royal Tank Regiment, leading 130th Brigade against the farms on the lower ground, made quick progress, 7th Somerset Light Infantry passing through with the Churchills and Crocodiles to deal with Chateau de Fontaine. But 129th Brigade was slowed in its advance on Hill 112 itself, suffering heavy casualties on the open slopes, and then running into the recently-arrived Tiger I tanks of 102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion, which the Churchills and corps anti-tank guns of 86th (Devon) Anti-Tank Regiment, Royal Artillery, struggled to deal with. By mid-morning 129th Brigade only had a slender toehold on the edge of the plateau. Attempting to continue 130th Brigade's advance on Maltot, 7th Hampshires and 9th RTR came under crossfire from Hill 112, while some of the Tigers reached the village first. The leading Hampshire penetrated the village, leaving strongpoints to be mopped up later by the following Dorsets, but they were driven out by counter-attacks. 4th Dorsets, making a second attack, suffered heavy casualties. Two battalions of 214th Brigade had already been drawn into the fighting around Chateau de Fontaine, leaving 5th DCLI as the last uncommitted battalion. It attacked up the slopes of Hill 112, described as 'one of the most tragic acts of self-sacrifice in the entire North West European Campaign'. Launched at 20.30 towards 'The Orchard' on the crest of the hill, and supported by a squadron of 7th Royal Tank Regiment and all available guns, including the divisional light anti-aircraft guns, the attack reached the orchard, but could get no further. The infantry and anti-tank guns held off counter-attacks through the night from the newly-arrived 9th SS Panzer Division, and were reinforced in the morning by a company of 1st Worcesters and briefly by a squadron of Sherman tanks from the Royal Scots Greys. By mid-afternoon all the anti-tank guns on the hill had been knocked out, the tanks had to retire to the reverse slope, and the defence was almost over. The order was given to withdraw and 60 survivors of 5th DCLI were brought down. Both sides remained dug in on the slopes, with the hilltop left in No man's land. The division had to hold its positions under mortar fire for another 14 days, described by the commander of 214th Brigade as comparable only 'to the bombardment at Passchendaele'. This defence was followed by a final set-piece attack, Operation Express, in which 4th and 5th Wiltshires and 7th RTR succeeded in capturing Maltot on 22 July.

Paragraph 5: The British rule in Wayanad has two periods. The first was the rule of the East India Company, which ruled Wayanad from the hands of Pazhassi Raja. It continued until the queen took direct control from the East India Company in 1858. Until 1947, Wayanad was under the rule of the Malabar Collector. History has it that Wayanad has a rich folk culture that gave way to the British domination of Wayanad. Edakkal Caves are also evidence of the existence of the Neolithic civilization in Wayanad.  According to HS Graeme, Thalassery Sub-Collector TH Balan was the first to start a revenue settlement in Wayanad. In Grammy's time there were divisions of Munnadu, Muthoornadu, Ilangkornadu, Nallurnadu, Edanashankur, Poronnur, Kurumbala, Wayanad, Nambikkoli and Ganapathivattam.  They were divided into new parts for administrative convenience. The importance and relevance of the place Ganapativattom has been mentioned often in the reports. History records that Sultan Bathery later became the place of Ganapathivattam on the roadside during the battle of Hyder Ali and Tipu.  It is believed that the centuries-old Ganpati temple was converted into a Ganapativattom.  The British named the Sultan's Battery, which in later history means the Sultan's Armory, as Ganapathivattam was known as a small synonym for Ganapathivattam. It is believed to have been a commercial center during this period and a place on the road to Mysore. Ganapati grew as the medieval cities flourished, the four-way street, the main highway, and the center of worship. In 1934, the Kidanganad Panchayat was established.  From the administration of the Malabar District Board, Ganapathivattam became the administration of Kidanganad panchayat. The Niluppuzha Panchayat was formed in 1968 by the division of Kidanganad Panchayat, Nenmeni Panchayat in 1974 and Sultanbathery Panchayat in 1968. New places of worship and educational institutions have emerged in different parts of the panchayat with the support of Hindu, Muslim and Christian communities. The Ganapati Temple, the Jain Temple and the Malankara Mosque are examples of the ancient history of Sultan Bathery. There is evidence that Sultanbathery and other parts of Wayanad had been in contact through Tamil, Karnataka and Kodagu villages since medieval times. Sultan Bathery is known as the confluence of ancient and ancient cultures. The history of Sultan Bathery completes the history of the colonists and bureaucrats who came to the land for the reward of their plight. In the late 20th century, the first glimpses of educational activities began to appear. As a result of the efforts of the 1920s, an LP school was established in the Sultan Bathery under the Malabar District Board.  From then until now the progress of the country has been enormous. From time immemorial, the region was home to the native tribes of Chettiars, Paniyar, Kurumar and Urali Nayakkar.  Although there are many ethnic groups among the tribals, their main occupation is agriculture. The panchayath has 26 temples, 15 churches and 15 mosques. Sultan Bathery has a Jain temple that is about 2000 years old. The center, which is in the possession of the Department of Archeology, has no festivals other than temple rituals.  The festival at Sultan Bathery Mariamman Kovil is one of the festivals celebrated here.  It is considered as the national festival of Bathery. Similar festivals are celebrated in the Bathery Mahaganapathi Temple, Kuppadi Devi Temple and Karivallikkunnu Temple.

Paragraph 6: Titanium Dax (voiced by Dax Shepard) is a Subtopian warrior who is Titanium Rex's older brother (a spoof of General Zod and Black Adam with some elements of Ocean Master). He appears younger than Titanium Rex due to the aging differences between those who live on the surface and those who live in Subtopia. In Season Two, he comes to the surface in search of his lost younger brother whom he at first assumes has conquered the surface world for Subtopia. Though he is shown to care for his younger brother, he is appalled by his brother's aged appearance and looks down on non-Subtopians. A Subtopian warrior due to being the House of Titanium's eldest son, he invades other lands and enslaves people which causes him to come in conflict with Rex who had left a life in Subtopia behind and is disgusted to learn that Rex had sexual relations with dirt walkers (surface dwellers). But due to being younger and stronger, he easily defeats Rex and the League and attempts to force Rex to activate a Subtopian war beacon but Rex challenges him to fight to the death which forces Dax to swear to kill Rex to preserve his honor according to Subtopian tradition, though Rex defeats him but refuses to kill his own brother. Dax is imprisoned under SuperMansion but his actions make the government believe that Rex is a double agent forcing Rex to abandon the League out of protection. While imprisoned, Dax foils Sgt. Agony's attempts to sell SuperMansion due to him being imprisoned in the basement and threatening that his people will come, which comes true when a female Subtopian comes and frees him. With an army of Subtopians he conquers most of Storm City, forcing the League and Injustice Gang to join forces. Rex's betrayal seems to have caused him to develop an even more deep-seated loathing for surface dwellers as shown when his female underling displays an interest in the surface dweller TV series 2 Broke Girls, the stars of which he orders should be found and executed rejecting the notion of allowing any aspects of the surface dwellers culture to survive, under the pretense that it would give them hope. In addition to seeking to kill his brother, Dax also seeks to kill Lex due to his illegitimate niece being a Subtopian hybrid (which he refers to as a Titanium bastard). But Lex ends up defeating him by revealing the use of her own Titanium hand blasting him through a wall which leads Lex to give up on trying to kill Rex and rejoin the League.

Paragraph 7: The tawny owl (Strix aluco) is an opportunistic and generalized predator. Peak hunting activity tends to occur largely between dusk to midnight, with owls often following an erratic hunting pattern, perhaps to sites where previous hunts were successful. When feeding young, hunting may need to be prolonged into daylight in the early morning. Based on hand-reared young owls that re-released into the wild, hunting behaviour is quite innate rather than learned. Normally this owl hunts from a perch. Perching bouts usually last from about 8 to 14 minutes depending largely on habitat. Tawny owl's hunting from a perch or pole can recall a buzzard and the two take similar prey sizes as well. However, high initial speed and maneuvering among trees and bushes with great dexterity may allow it to surprise relatively large prey, more like a goshawk. The tawny owl is capable of lifting and carrying off in flight individual prey weighing up to at least . Their middle talon, the most enlarged claw on owls, measures an average of . While not as large as those of the Ural owl, the talons are extremely sharp, stout and quite decurved. The claws are considered to be visibly more overdeveloped than those of other European mid-sized owls and the footspan including the claws is fairly larger as well, at an average of about . The hunting owl often extends its wings to balance and control prey upon impact. Alternatively, this species may hunt from flight. This occurs from  over the ground, often over open habitats such as bushes, marsh or grassland, forming a quartering or zigzag pattern over the opening. During these flights they cover about  before changing direction. Hunting from flight was surprisingly prevalent in a Swedish study of two radio-tagged birds, with 34% of study time spent hunting from flight while 40% of the study time was spent on hunting from a perch. In a similar study in England, less than 1% of time was spent hunting from flight. In a more deliberate variation of hunting from flight, the hunting owl may examine crags and nest boxes or also hover around prey roosts. In the latter type of hunts, the tawny owls may strike branches and/or beat their wings together in front of denser foliage, bushes or conifers in order to disturb and flush prey such as small birds and bats, or may dive directly into said foliage. Hovering has also been recorded in differing circumstances, including one incidence of an owl hunting a small bird that was caught on the wing after a hovering flight. Tawny owls have also taken bats on the wing as well (such as ones snatched from near streep lamps when attempting to hunt themselves) and have been seen to hawk large, relatively slow-flying insects such as some beetles and moths in flight. Caterpillars may too be taken from trees. Usually these hunting variations are correlated with poor weather hampering the capture of preferred prey. Tawny owls eat worms with relative frequency, as they often hear them apparently from below the surface and snatch them up from shallow dirt or below leaf litter. Their worm-hunting style recalls worm hunting techniques by most other birds and they were recorded to eat 0.39 worms per minute during an hour of observation in England and were sometimes seen to feed on worms during daylight. Other hunting from the ground has been observed, often of insects such as beetles, but tawny owls have also been reported to "leap" upon from a ground vantage point in order to capture a vole, quite like foxes often do. There are now many accounts of tawny owls feeding on carrion from a wide range of sources, including hares, rats, sheep, and trout. 

Paragraph 8: The station's coverage includes approximately 6.3 million people. The coverage area is mainly southern Lancashire and Cheshire. Relay Transmitters are needed around eastern Manchester, northern Lancashire and the Wirral peninsula. The transmitter also covers the North Wales coastal areas and although not the 'correct' television region, it is the preferred region for some in North Wales, mainly because it carries Channel 4 (as opposed to S4C, however since digital switchover Channel 4 is also available on all Welsh transmitters), Channel 5 and a much more powerful digital terrestrial output than the Welsh transmitters. The region's ITV franchisees, Granada Television (weekdays only until 1968) and ABC Weekend TV (launched in 1956), were on air much earlier than North Wales' franchisee, WWN (Teledu Cymru) which launched in 1962 (subsequently HTV Wales) giving viewers more choice than they would with the Welsh transmissions. ABC Television lost its franchise in 1968, when Granada Television commenced broadcasting seven days a week. Since the digital switchover, the Welsh transmitters are broadcasting DTT at a much higher power and Channel 4, and Channel 5 are now included in the line-up. However, because of the terrain and the rough landscapes of North Wales, many will find it easier to stay with Winter Hill (as small local relays will only broadcast a limited range of multiplexes with a reduced number of digital channels).

Paragraph 9: Stan keeps Grindle hooked by promising to reunite him with his deceased college sweetheart Dorrie, who died in a botched back-alley abortion Grindle convinced her to seek. A reluctant Molly plays "Dorrie" in a series of sessions but eventually breaks character, destroying the illusion. In a rage Stan punches Molly and Grindle and flees the scene. At Lilith's suggestion he decides to go into hiding with Grindle's money but later discovers that Lilith has stolen a majority of it by replacing the five-hundred-dollar bills with singles. When he confronts her, she tells him that he is deluded and attempts to have him committed to a mental institution, and he narrowly escapes. He flees and resorts to performing as a mentalist at increasingly shoddy venues, trying to evade the men he falsely believes Grindle is sending after him. During this time, Molly takes up with a gambler reminiscent of her father, and gives birth to a son. Eventually Stan becomes a hobo, staying afloat by giving Tarot readings and selling horoscopes, but ends up murdering a police officer who attacks him while he sells his merchandise. A final reconnection with Zeena provides him an opportunity to again make living in the carnival, but he breaks completely and descends into alcoholism and depression when he discovers through a newspaper article that Lilith has wed Grindle.

Paragraph 10: Bréguet established an assembly line with remarkable speed: the first production aircraft flew less than a year after being ordered and was in service before the end of 1939. As with the Potez 630, the Bre 691 was beset with engine difficulties. Hispano-Suiza had decided to concentrate on its V12 liquid-cooled engines and the 14AB engine was unreliable. The French authorities decided to limit the Bréguet 691's production run to 78 aircraft, instead of 100. Instead, orders were placed for another version, the Bre 693 powered by Gnome-Rhône 14M radials. Apart from the changed engines, which were of slightly smaller diameter, the two types were virtually identical. Orders for the Bre 691 were switched to the new type and more than 120 of the latter had been completed by the time of France's defeat. Late production versions of the Bre 693 introduced propulsive exhaust pipes that improved top speed by a small margin as well as, according to some sources, a pair of additional machine guns in the rear of each engine nacelle. Belgium ordered 32 licence-built copies but none were completed before the Belgian collapse. French engine makers had even greater difficulties than airframe manufacturers in keeping up with the frantic demands from 1938, and in 1939 the French government decided that all combat aircraft had to be adapted for British and US engines. Fewer than 250 Bréguet 690 series aircraft were completed. The Armée de l'air received only 211 examples: 78 Bre.691s, 124 Bre.693s and nine Bre.695s but the Germans captured several complete or near-complete aircraft at the factories.

Paragraph 11: Roger Ebert awarded four stars out of four and lauded it as "one of the most scathing, lacerating and brilliant movies of 1984," and wrote that Hall played his role "with such savage intensity, such passion, such venom, such scandal, that we cannot turn away." He ranked the film sixth on his year-end list of the best films of 1984. Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune also awarded his top grade of four stars and stated that "thanks to a thoroughly outrageous but strangely credible script by Donald Freed and Arnold M. Stone, Robert Altman's film of the stage play 'Secret Honor' offers a fresh Richard Nixon, one truly worthy of pity, and at the same time properly assigns responsibility for his career to us as much as to him." He ranked the film seventh on his own 1984 best-of list. Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film "a fascinating, funny, offbeat movie" and "something of a cinematic tour de force, both for Mr. Altman and for the previously unknown to me Philip Baker Hall, whose contribution is a legitimate, bravura performance, not a 'Saturday Night Live' impersonation." A review in Variety reporting from a pre-wide release screening in San Francisco wrote, "There isn't likely a broad audience for 'Secret Honor,' yet pic is really too good to remain a secret for long ... Philip Baker Hall is so physically and verbally impressive in his ravings that, should pic get a commercial release in L.A., the Academy would be quite realistic in considering him for a best acting Oscar. Hall's range in stumbling through his study and wildly reminiscing into a tape recorder is text book thesping, and his resemblance to Nixon is often unsettling." Linda Gross of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the film was "a remarkable character study of an American Everyman," with Hall giving "a superb, sustained performance. He delivers darkly the black night of a man's soul, and Altman has recorded it faithfully." Pauline Kael called the film "a small, weird triumph" and described Hall's performance as "an acting feat by a man who probably isn't a great actor," explaining that "Hall draws on his lack of a star presence and on an actor's fears of his own mediocrity in a way that seems to parallel Nixon's feelings. Though he doesn't closely resemble Nixon, he's got the Nixon twitches down pat, and he gets inside him with so much historical accuracy that it's as if we were watching the actual Nixon in the wildest scenes that others wrote about, and as if we were seeing the man we heard on the tapes."

Paragraph 12: Broad Street connects many historical sites in Downtown Richmond.  It is home to the lavish Empire Theatre, which is the state's oldest operating theatre.  Theatre IV, the Children's Theatre of Virginia, the second largest children's theatre in the nation, owns the Empire and presents its mainstage season there in downtown Richmond. Until the late 19th century, the trains of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad ran down the center of the street from the present Harrison Street east to Eighth Street. The area around Sixth and Broad Streets was the center of retailing in the Southeast, with department stores such as Miller & Rhoads, Thalhimers, G. C. Murphy, Woolworth, Raylass, Sears, Cohen's and W. T. Grant and niche retailers like Hofheimer's. It was also home to "theater row", which included venues such as the National.

Paragraph 13: Allen was born on March 23, 1884, in Salt Lake City, Utah, the daughter of Clarence Emir Allen Sr., a mine manager, and later United States Representative from Utah, and his wife Corinne Marie, née Tuckerman. She was one of seven children—five girls, one of whom died in infancy, and two boys. Her father was a professor and a linguist, and the family moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where he was hired by what was then called the Western Reserve University and is today called Case Western Reserve University. Young Florence grew up in Cleveland, where her father shared his love of languages with her, teaching her Greek and Latin before she was a teenager. She also showed an early love of poetry, as well as a talent for music, and after attending New Lyme Institute in Ashtabula, Ohio, she decided to attend Western Reserve, with music as her major. Allen graduated in 1904 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and her father then sent her to Berlin, German Empire, to continue her musical studies. While she was there, she worked as a correspondent for a New York magazine called the Musical Courier. Her original plan was to become a concert pianist but she sustained an injury that cut her music career short. She returned to Ohio in 1906 and took a job as the music critic for The Plain Dealer (Cleveland, Ohio) newspaper, a position she held till 1909. By this time, she had begun showing an increasing interest in politics and law, which led her to take a Master of Arts degree in political science from Western Reserve; she completed it in 1908. She also took courses in constitutional law, and would have pursued a degree, but at that time, Western Reserve's law school did not admit women. So Allen took special classes and tutorials, and became more determined to have a legal career. She attended the law school at the University of Chicago for a year, and then transferred to New York University School of Law. In order to pay her tuition, she found work as a legal investigator and researcher for the New York League for the Protection of Immigrants. In 1913, she got her Bachelor of Laws, graduating with honors. She returned to Cleveland and was admitted to the Ohio bar in 1914.

Paragraph 14: In an interview with The Rumpus, Schrag stated that she was inspired to write Adam while working on the third season of The L Word. All of the writers on that season were lesbian women except one straight, cisgender man, Adam Rapp. Schrag found the situation unusual and imagined Rapp going to gay bars pretending to be a transgender man to collect material for writing on the show. She decided to write a novel based on the concept, initially picturing the character Adam as an adult male. Eventually she decided that it would be in poor taste, and revised the character as a love-struck teenager, stating she believed it was more sympathetic that way because "a teenager is clueless". She also mentioned having lesbian friends who were attracted to trans men, and thought that "a teenage boy could clean up if he got in there." Overall she was interested in the challenge of trying to write about a character doing inappropriate things but remaining sympathetic. In an interview with Brooklyn, she stated she was "intrigued by the idea of taking a standard YA formula — awkward teen boy finds love for the first time — and subverting it with unexpected explicit and hopefully thought-provoking content about gender and sexuality."

Paragraph 15: Julia Haig Gaisser published six books on classical subjects and various chapters and journal articles. In her first book, Catullus and his Renaissance Readers (1993), she studied several genres of Renaissance reception – text criticism, university lecturing, commentaries, and literary imitation and parody. It has been reviewed as "a scholarly and yet eminently readable book, a worthy complement to Catullan studies, shedding light on the historical world of the humanists, and how their reading of Catullus would influence that of later generations". Her edition in English of a little known sixteenth-century dialogue, De Litteratorum Infelicitate by Pierio Valeriano, (Pierio Valeriano on the ill fortune of learned men: a Renaissance humanist and his world), (1999) has been praised "as a work where a slight primary text has become the basis of a useful and most attractive edition, a book which deserves to be very widely read". Catullus in English (2001) is a selection of translations in English that spans over four centuries, arranged by Gaisser in chronological order, and starting in 1614. It has been praised as "encouraging the reader to see Catullus through the eyes of his translators", and "it makes the book a fascinating reading that helps filling the void in accessible literature on the reception of the classics". Oxford Readings in Catullus (2007) is an anthology of twenty-eight papers selected for their "intrinsic interest and importance", accompanied by her own introduction on the main themes of Catullian criticism from 1950 to 2000. Thought-provoking, challenging, it encourages readers to look at Catullus in different ways. It makes a useful resource for undergraduate students while still offering something to the more advanced scholar. For this work Gaisser has been praised as being "a measured, sensible, and good-humored editor and eminently qualified for the task". In her next work, The Fortunes of Apuleius and the Golden Ass: A Study in Transmission and Reception, (2008), she "brings her formidable scholarship to bear in her examination of the work’s reception up to the Renaissance, and it is indeed an intriguing tale. She is at her best in her entertaining treatment of Boccaccio, who owes the larger debt to Apuleius". The journey of the manuscript to codex, print, and eventually in France, Germany, England, is "masterly traced and presented delightfully with an overall feeling of lively intelligence". Catullus, (2009) has been praised as "one of the best book ever to be written on Catullus" and "as a necessary text, aimed at people who like poetry, and at students and scholars, where Gaisser has managed to synthesize all that can be said on Catullus in a concise, clear, simple, direct, didactic and scientific manner". It has been defined as providing "an answer to the need for an undergraduate critical text of the current scholarship in a concise and attractive form", and of being "consistently clear, well informed, and nicely judicious on the many disputed points".

Paragraph 16: As US 98 breaks away from US 19 at the corner of the Publix in Chassahowitzka, it joins hidden State Road 700, which is momentarily overlapped with County Road 480 before that county road makes a left turn to the northeast towards Floral City. A large portion of this segment of US 98 is a four-lane divided highway though the Citrus-Hernando County Line. After crossing the county line, it meets the current terminus of the Suncoast Parkway, as well as the accompanying Suncoast Trail. The divided section ends between the World Woods Golf Club and the entrance to a Hernando County Landfill. At that point, the road becomes a two-lane undivided highway and runs through Northern Hernando County mining country. Along the way it intersects two county roads at blinker lights. The first is at Deschamps Corner called County Road 491(Citrus Way), a bi-county road spanning north and south from CR 484 north of Spring Hill to Lecanto, Beverly Hills,  Holder, and Stokes Ferry in Citrus County. The next is County Road 476(Lake Lindsey Road), another bi-county road spanning east and west from US 19 north of Weeki Wachee through Bushnell, Florida in Sumter County. Southeast of that intersection, it also crosses a former railroad mining spur leading to the CSX Brooksville Subdivision. Just east of a pair of truck weigh stations is the northern terminus of County Road 485, which serves as the beginning of US Truck Route 98. After moving over some steep hills and passing a branch of the Pasco-Hernando Community College as well as a Florida State Trooper police station, US 98 briefly becomes a four-lane divided highway again at Yontz Boulevard, only to resume its status as a two-lane road as it enters the City of Brooksville. There, the road passes by some local industry, including the garage for Hernando ParaTransit and the county bus system, and then faces an un-gated at-grade crossing with the CSX Brooksville Subdivision. Just before the intersection of West Jefferson Avenue (SR 50A), US 98 has a divide that cuts off the intersection of Fort Dade Avenue (County Road 484). The route then turns east and joins SR 50A in a concurrency, while SR 700 continues south along Ponce De Leon Boulevard. Shortly after this new concurrency, it makes a right along North Mildred Avenue, for eastbound traffic only, and both merge with US 41. Between North Mildred Avenue and May Avenue, eastbound SR 50A, US 41, and US 98 are concurrent along Broad Street, while westbound SR 50A, US 41, and US 98 are concurrent along East Jefferson Avenue, then West Jefferson Avenue. US 41 reunites with Broad Street at North Mildred Avenue. This one-way configuration for Broad Street and Jefferson Street has been in effect since November 1993, according to the Florida Department of Transportation. While both segments go up and down steep hills in the heart of the city, the Broad Street (eastbound) section runs over an old railroad bridge over the CSX Brooksville Subdivision, built in 1936.

Paragraph 17: After retiring as a player, he managed Port Vale's youth team and in February 2004 took charge of first-team affairs, eventually leaving the club in September 2007 by mutual consent. A spell as caretaker manager at Wrexham preceded his appointment as manager of York City in November 2008. Foyle took York to an FA Trophy Final and Conference Premier play-off Final, but resigned in September 2010. He was put in charge of Northwich Victoria for a three-month spell in February 2012 before being appointed manager at Hereford United in May 2012. He stayed with Hereford until departing in March 2014. He was appointed as Southport manager in May 2014 but resigned five months later.

Paragraph 18: Strikebreaking is also known as black-legging or blacklegging. American lexicographer Stephanie Smith suggests that the word has to do with bootblacking or shoe polish, for an early occurrence of the word was in conjunction with an 1803 American bootmaker's strike. But British industrial relations expert J.G. Riddall notes that it may have a racist connotation, as it was used in this way in 1859 in the United Kingdom: "If you dare work we shall consider you as blacks..." Lexicographer Geoffrey Hughes, however, notes that blackleg and scab are both references to disease, as in the blackleg infectious bacterial disease of sheep and cattle caused by Clostridium chauvoei. He dates the first use of the term blackleg in reference to strikebreaking to the United Kingdom in 1859. The use of the term blackleg for a strikebreaker was, however, previously recorded in 1832 during the trial of special constable George Weddell for killing and slaying Cuthbert Skipsey, a striking pitman, near Chirton, Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Hughes observes that the term was once generally used to indicate a scoundrel, a villain, or a disreputable person.  However, the Northumbrian folk song Blackleg Miner is believed to originate from the 1844 strike, which would predate Hughes's reference.  David John Douglass claims that the term blackleg  has its origins in coal mining, as strikebreakers would often neglect to wash their legs, which would give away that they had been working whilst others had been on strike.

Paragraph 19: After retiring as a player, he managed Port Vale's youth team and in February 2004 took charge of first-team affairs, eventually leaving the club in September 2007 by mutual consent. A spell as caretaker manager at Wrexham preceded his appointment as manager of York City in November 2008. Foyle took York to an FA Trophy Final and Conference Premier play-off Final, but resigned in September 2010. He was put in charge of Northwich Victoria for a three-month spell in February 2012 before being appointed manager at Hereford United in May 2012. He stayed with Hereford until departing in March 2014. He was appointed as Southport manager in May 2014 but resigned five months later.

Paragraph 20: As part of the construction of Grand Central Terminal, the New York Central started planning a hotel on the city block bounded by Madison Avenue, 44th Street, Vanderbilt Avenue, and 43rd Street. It was to be one of two hotels adjacent to the terminal; there would be another hotel on Lexington Avenue to the east. The New York Central formally announced plans for the 23-story Biltmore Hotel on Madison Avenue in February 1912; the railroad wanted to maximize usage of the site, which was largely occupied by the new terminal's railroad tracks. The hotel was to be named after the Biltmore Estate in North Carolina, itself named for the last syllable of the Vanderbilt family's name. the hotel would be developed by the New York Central and the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad. The New York State Realty and Terminal Company, a division of the New York Central, leased the hotel to Gustav Baumann, operator of the Holland House hotel. In March 1912, Warren and Wetmore filed plans with the New York City Department of Buildings for the 26-story hotel, which was projected to cost $4.5 million. Baumann hired John McEntee Bowman that May to manage the hotel, and Bowman supervised the Biltmore's development.

Paragraph 21: Advocaat  is also the Dutch word for lawyer in the sense of solicitor. As the name of the drink, it is short for advocatenborrel, or 'lawyers' drink'. borrel is Dutch for a small alcoholic beverage (liqueur, brandy, etc. but not beer or wine) consumed slowly during a social gathering or an informal occasion where work colleagues meet for light conversation with beer and wine. According to the 1882 edition of the Woordenboek der Nederlandsche taal (Dictionary of the Dutch Language), it is "zoo genoemd als een goed smeersel voor de keel, en dus bijzonder dienstig geacht voor een advocaat, die in 't openbaar het woord moet voeren" ("so named as a good lubricant for the throat, and thus considered especially useful for a lawyer, who must speak in public").

Paragraph 22: In June 1982, the state legislature established a public nonprofit corporation to manage construction and operations of the convention center. Governor Spellman appointed the corporation's board of directors which included banker James Cairns Jr. as chair, civic activist Jim Ellis, former councilwoman Phyllis Lamphere, and business leaders from Seattle and the Eastside. The appointed board was tasked with selecting a site for the convention center, with hopes of opening the facility by 1986. Public support for the project remained high because of a local recession. The project's location and public amenities, however, were the subject of a major debate that spanned several months of public hearings and city council meetings. TRA Architects were named as the head of a joint venture design team in September 1982. They unveiled preliminary designs for the convention center in February 1983 based on three finalist sites and a general size of . The freeway site, supported by downtown businesses and authorized by the state legislature, would span Interstate 5 between Freeway Park and Pike Street. It would include landscaped terraces and private development using the freeway's air rights, leased from the Washington State Department of Transportation. The Seattle Center site, supported by the city government, would replace the Metro Transit bus base and part of Memorial Stadium. The stadium part would be traded by the Seattle School District for the Metro Transit bus base. Some of the design options for the Seattle Center site included integrated bus facilities for Metro Transit in a lower level garage as well as a spur of the monorail serving the facility's top floor. The Kingdome site, deemed the one "left behind" in the "two-horse race" between the freeway and Seattle Center proposals, would replace the north parking lot and be adjacent to King Street Station. A pedestrian bridge would cross over the tracks to reach 4th Avenue South. A report prepared by a consultant hired by the convention center board favored the freeway site for its marketability. However, it found that the Kingdome and Seattle Center sites would be easily expandable and would have a lower operating cost due to shared equipment. The report also raised concerns about the potential loss of low-income housing concentrated on First Hill and the potential increase in noise and air pollution for the neighborhood. A separate report by the city concluded the freeway site would hurt operating revenue from parking at the Seattle Center. It also criticized the consultant's report for its lack of information and cost data.

Paragraph 23: In 1955, Packard replaced its long-running straight-8 engine range with an all-new V8 design, and launched a new evolution of its automatic transmission at the same time: the Twin-Ultramatic Drive. McFarland, his assistant John DeLorean, and their team had not been satisfied with the improved pick-up of the Gear-Start Ultramatic, and modified the angle of the converter "pump" to allow a higher stall speed thus increasing the torque multiplication better suited to the torque curve of the new V8 engines. In addition, a slightly higher stall converter was produced for the sportier Caribbean model due to its use of two four-barrel carburetors. The Gear-Start's ability to start in low range and switch to high automatically was retained, but the selector quadrant indicator was altered and PN•DLR became PN'D'LR to better reflect the dual drive range capability of this transmission, all the better to compete with the Dual-Range Hydra-Matic. Functionality was the same; the first Drive position, to left of the 'D equated to High on the Gear-Start Ultramatic, while the second, situated to the right of D', was equivalent to the Drive position on the Gear-Start, giving the driver the option of starting in either High or Low with automatic upshifts, ending with Direct Drive engagement of the torque converter, thus the Twin- designation referred to this dual Drive capability.

Paragraph 24: The January 1906 general election returned Sheehan unopposed. The IPP deputy leader John Dillon set about splitting the ILLA, forming a new ILLA group under its secretary, the Dillon and IPP loyal J. J. O'Shee (MP), – to confine Sheehan's movement, otherwise "the whole of Munster will be poisoned and no seat safe on vacancy". Later that year, the Irish Party mounted a feud against Sheehan for being a "factionist" by supporting a policy of Conciliation and for not allowing his labourers' movement be subservient to the Party autocracy, his reason being "to realize the great democratic principle of the government of the people, by the people and for the people". Also for not adhering to the party pledge and expelled both him and John O'Donnell from its ranks. It deprived them both of the quarterly party stipend provided for attendance at Westminster, particularly damaging because the first regular salary for an MP was set in 1911. Sheehan retaliated by resigning his seat in November and challenged the IPP to stand against him. He was re-elected unopposed as Ireland's first Independent Nationalist Labour MP on 31 December 1906. His income from then depended on constituent's collections at church gates on Sundays.

Paragraph 25: Broad Street connects many historical sites in Downtown Richmond.  It is home to the lavish Empire Theatre, which is the state's oldest operating theatre.  Theatre IV, the Children's Theatre of Virginia, the second largest children's theatre in the nation, owns the Empire and presents its mainstage season there in downtown Richmond. Until the late 19th century, the trains of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad ran down the center of the street from the present Harrison Street east to Eighth Street. The area around Sixth and Broad Streets was the center of retailing in the Southeast, with department stores such as Miller & Rhoads, Thalhimers, G. C. Murphy, Woolworth, Raylass, Sears, Cohen's and W. T. Grant and niche retailers like Hofheimer's. It was also home to "theater row", which included venues such as the National.

Paragraph 26: On The Fifth Estate, Savoie was interviewed where he stated: "Allan Ross, for us from '86 to '91, was not one of our problems. Allan Ross – everybody says he was head of this. People were saying this. But I must say that in my work, I wouldn't be able to say that. And we were not sure, we never had him pinned". In a follow-up interview on another show of The Fifth Estate, Savoie stated: "I know with Allan Ross, there's no doubt that was word always you know that he had access to somebody and you know maybe he did...And I gather from you wanting to talk to me that you feel maybe I was one of those people on the list and that's fair game I guess...Sometimes people make mistakes. What can I tell you?" Savoie claimed that he was trying to persuade Ross to work as an informer, and then changed his story to say that was trying to work out a plea bargain to spare Ross from being imprisoned in the United States. Savoie went to these meetings alone and without telling his superiors, both of which were major violations of the RCMP's rules. When asked by Burke about these violations of the rules, Savoie could give no explanations for his actions. Burke recalled of the interview in 2011: "He sounded like a man backed into a corner. Very worried." In another interview with Hana Gartner of The Fifth Estate, Savoie stated that he last seen Ross in May 1992 just before his conviction in Florida and that: "He [Ross] wasn't an informant, nor was I an informant for him. But I knew him. Put it that way. I met him". The documentary aired footage of Savoie talking with Ross in a Montreal coffee shop.  Gartner also brought up the case of Leite, asking Savoie pointed questions about who had tipped Leite off that he was under investigation and facing arrest for corruption. On Friday, 18 December 1992, Savoie told a fellow Mountie that he was feeling depressed because a journalist was going to run an unflattening story about his relationship with an informer. Later the same day, Savoie broke down in tears in front of a superintendent, but was unwilling to talk about what was distressing him. Savoie's wife reported that he did not seen unset or sad during his last weekend with her.

Paragraph 27: The charges against Gale were dated September 11, 1820. The first was that Gale was publicly intoxicated in the city of Washington on six specified dates during August, including August 31, two days after his arrest. The second charge was of conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman. There were three specifications: first, that Gale had visited a house of prostitution near the Marine Barracks "in open and disgraceful manner" on that same August 31; second, that he had on September 1 - a date on which he was in custody - called Lieutenant Richard M. Desha, the Corps' Paymaster and son of Congressman Joseph Desha of Kentucky  - who had earlier charged Gale with misappropriation  - "a damned rascal, liar and coward" and threatening him with personal chastisement unless he would immediately challenge and fight him; and, finally, that he had declared in front of the Marine Barracks "that he did not care a damn for the President, Jesus Christ or God Almighty!" The third charge was that Gale had signed a false certificate that said he had not used a Marine for personal services when in fact he had had a man assigned as waiter and coachman from October 17, 1819, until June 3, 1820. The fourth and final charge was that Gale had broken arrest "at sundry times" between September 1 and 8 while he was confined to quarters.

Paragraph 28: Advocaat  is also the Dutch word for lawyer in the sense of solicitor. As the name of the drink, it is short for advocatenborrel, or 'lawyers' drink'. borrel is Dutch for a small alcoholic beverage (liqueur, brandy, etc. but not beer or wine) consumed slowly during a social gathering or an informal occasion where work colleagues meet for light conversation with beer and wine. According to the 1882 edition of the Woordenboek der Nederlandsche taal (Dictionary of the Dutch Language), it is "zoo genoemd als een goed smeersel voor de keel, en dus bijzonder dienstig geacht voor een advocaat, die in 't openbaar het woord moet voeren" ("so named as a good lubricant for the throat, and thus considered especially useful for a lawyer, who must speak in public").

Paragraph 29: For the second consecutive season under Bölöni, Gourcuff rotated between the club's reserve team and the senior team. He appeared in nine matches with the reserve team and 21 with the senior team. Gourcuff only started six matches with the latter team scoring no goals and providing one assist. In the 2005–06 season, he was reassigned the number 10 shirt by Bölöni and giving a starting place within the team. In his first season as a starter, Gourcuff appeared in 42 total matches and scored six goals. He formed midfield partnerships with fellow Frenchman Olivier Monterrubio and the Swede Kim Källström and made his European debut on 15 September in a UEFA Cup first round tie against Spanish club Osasuna appearing as a substitute. Rennes won the tie 3–1 on aggregate and were later eliminated in the group stage portion of the competition. Three days after his European debut, on 18 September, Gourcuff scored his first professional goal against Monaco in a 2–0 win. In November, Gourcuff scored goals in back-to-back matches against Troyes and Toulouse. In the latter part of the season, Gourcuff went on a scoring run netting three goals in a span of four weeks. He scored the first of these goals on 25 February 2006 in a 4–1 away win over Lyon. After going a week without a goal, Gourcuff responded by scoring goals in back-to-back weeks in wins over Ajaccio and Metz. In the Coupe de France, Gourcuff appeared in all four of the team's matches as Rennes reached the semi-finals where the club was defeated 3–0 by Marseille. Rennes ultimately finished the season in 7th place in the league, which resulted in the club qualifying for the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Gourcuff finished his Rennes career with 80 appearances, six goals, and nine assists.

Paragraph 30: The Ribeirão Preto Medical School was the third founded in the state of São Paulo and the first outside the capital. In 1951, the state government supported the creation of the school as a way of promoting a better coverage of physicians to the rapidly growing cities in its hinterland. A committee was formed in the University of São Paulo to study and to propose the new school. A professor from the University, physician and parasitologist Dr. Zeferino Vaz was nominated as its chairman and later became the Faculty's first dean, remaining until 1964. With great foresight, and against many resistances of the traditional medical academic establishment, he advocated a modern, research-based school, with all professors with full-time dedication. This was unheard of at that time in Brazil: in this Vaz was trying to follow the most successful American medical schools, such as Johns Hopkins Medical School. Lacking the researchers and professors with the mentality and experience he needed, he resorted to inviting them from Europe and United States.

Paragraph 31: In 1965, Jim Concannon, who was then in charge of Concannon's research and development, contacted Dr. Harold Olmo at UC Davis about establishing a program to clone some of the 1893 vines at Concannon's Livermore Vineyard. Dr. Olmo, Professor Curt Alley and Jim Concannon prepared a test bed where they could closely monitor specimens of the grapes descended from these wines. The three collaborators then took three cuttings from a single vine  The vine specimens were heat treated to remove any trace of viral disease, then propagated under close observation at the Oakville Campus of UC Davis. UC Davis formally registered the wines to the wine industry under their code names between 1970 and 1974. This research program is credited with creating Concannon Cabernet Clones 7, 8 and 11, which now account for an estimated 80% of all cabernet sauvignon produced in the state of California.  According to UC Davis,  Its success in producing and selling sacramental or altar wine for the Roman Catholic Church helped it to survive national Prohibition. Grape cuttings from this vineyard were introduced to Mexico between 1889 and 1904 for the improvement of its commercial viticulture. As such, the vineyard has been designated a California Historical Landmark (#641).

Paragraph 32: Roger Ebert awarded four stars out of four and lauded it as "one of the most scathing, lacerating and brilliant movies of 1984," and wrote that Hall played his role "with such savage intensity, such passion, such venom, such scandal, that we cannot turn away." He ranked the film sixth on his year-end list of the best films of 1984. Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune also awarded his top grade of four stars and stated that "thanks to a thoroughly outrageous but strangely credible script by Donald Freed and Arnold M. Stone, Robert Altman's film of the stage play 'Secret Honor' offers a fresh Richard Nixon, one truly worthy of pity, and at the same time properly assigns responsibility for his career to us as much as to him." He ranked the film seventh on his own 1984 best-of list. Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film "a fascinating, funny, offbeat movie" and "something of a cinematic tour de force, both for Mr. Altman and for the previously unknown to me Philip Baker Hall, whose contribution is a legitimate, bravura performance, not a 'Saturday Night Live' impersonation." A review in Variety reporting from a pre-wide release screening in San Francisco wrote, "There isn't likely a broad audience for 'Secret Honor,' yet pic is really too good to remain a secret for long ... Philip Baker Hall is so physically and verbally impressive in his ravings that, should pic get a commercial release in L.A., the Academy would be quite realistic in considering him for a best acting Oscar. Hall's range in stumbling through his study and wildly reminiscing into a tape recorder is text book thesping, and his resemblance to Nixon is often unsettling." Linda Gross of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the film was "a remarkable character study of an American Everyman," with Hall giving "a superb, sustained performance. He delivers darkly the black night of a man's soul, and Altman has recorded it faithfully." Pauline Kael called the film "a small, weird triumph" and described Hall's performance as "an acting feat by a man who probably isn't a great actor," explaining that "Hall draws on his lack of a star presence and on an actor's fears of his own mediocrity in a way that seems to parallel Nixon's feelings. Though he doesn't closely resemble Nixon, he's got the Nixon twitches down pat, and he gets inside him with so much historical accuracy that it's as if we were watching the actual Nixon in the wildest scenes that others wrote about, and as if we were seeing the man we heard on the tapes."

Paragraph 33: Son of the Mask is a 2005 superhero comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman. A stand-alone sequel to The Mask (1994), it is the second installment in The Mask franchise, an adaptation of the comic book series of the same name by Dark Horse Comics. The film stars Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery, an aspiring animator from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask. It also stars Alan Cumming as Loki, whom Odin has ordered to find the Mask. It co-stars Traylor Howard, Kal Penn, Steven Wright, Bob Hoskins as Odin, and Ryan and Liam Falconer as Tim's baby Alvey. Ben Stein makes a brief reappearance at the beginning of the film as Doctor Arthur Neuman from the original film. The film was a critical and financial failure upon release, grossing $59.9 million against its $84–100 million budget.

Paragraph 34: Krawcheck appeared in the top ten Forbes list of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women in 2005 and 2006. (2005 List) In 2008, she was named to Investment Advisor'' magazine's IA 25, the list of the 25 most influential people in and around the investment advisory business. She was recognized by the World Economic Forum as one of its Young Global Leaders.  In 2012, she was credited by The Daily Beast as remaining one of the "rare honest voices on Wall Street." In December 2017, she was listed in a TechCrunch feature on 42 women succeeding in tech that year.

Paragraph 35: Krawcheck appeared in the top ten Forbes list of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women in 2005 and 2006. (2005 List) In 2008, she was named to Investment Advisor'' magazine's IA 25, the list of the 25 most influential people in and around the investment advisory business. She was recognized by the World Economic Forum as one of its Young Global Leaders.  In 2012, she was credited by The Daily Beast as remaining one of the "rare honest voices on Wall Street." In December 2017, she was listed in a TechCrunch feature on 42 women succeeding in tech that year.

Paragraph 36: The station's coverage includes approximately 6.3 million people. The coverage area is mainly southern Lancashire and Cheshire. Relay Transmitters are needed around eastern Manchester, northern Lancashire and the Wirral peninsula. The transmitter also covers the North Wales coastal areas and although not the 'correct' television region, it is the preferred region for some in North Wales, mainly because it carries Channel 4 (as opposed to S4C, however since digital switchover Channel 4 is also available on all Welsh transmitters), Channel 5 and a much more powerful digital terrestrial output than the Welsh transmitters. The region's ITV franchisees, Granada Television (weekdays only until 1968) and ABC Weekend TV (launched in 1956), were on air much earlier than North Wales' franchisee, WWN (Teledu Cymru) which launched in 1962 (subsequently HTV Wales) giving viewers more choice than they would with the Welsh transmissions. ABC Television lost its franchise in 1968, when Granada Television commenced broadcasting seven days a week. Since the digital switchover, the Welsh transmitters are broadcasting DTT at a much higher power and Channel 4, and Channel 5 are now included in the line-up. However, because of the terrain and the rough landscapes of North Wales, many will find it easier to stay with Winter Hill (as small local relays will only broadcast a limited range of multiplexes with a reduced number of digital channels).

Paragraph 37: Julia Haig Gaisser published six books on classical subjects and various chapters and journal articles. In her first book, Catullus and his Renaissance Readers (1993), she studied several genres of Renaissance reception – text criticism, university lecturing, commentaries, and literary imitation and parody. It has been reviewed as "a scholarly and yet eminently readable book, a worthy complement to Catullan studies, shedding light on the historical world of the humanists, and how their reading of Catullus would influence that of later generations". Her edition in English of a little known sixteenth-century dialogue, De Litteratorum Infelicitate by Pierio Valeriano, (Pierio Valeriano on the ill fortune of learned men: a Renaissance humanist and his world), (1999) has been praised "as a work where a slight primary text has become the basis of a useful and most attractive edition, a book which deserves to be very widely read". Catullus in English (2001) is a selection of translations in English that spans over four centuries, arranged by Gaisser in chronological order, and starting in 1614. It has been praised as "encouraging the reader to see Catullus through the eyes of his translators", and "it makes the book a fascinating reading that helps filling the void in accessible literature on the reception of the classics". Oxford Readings in Catullus (2007) is an anthology of twenty-eight papers selected for their "intrinsic interest and importance", accompanied by her own introduction on the main themes of Catullian criticism from 1950 to 2000. Thought-provoking, challenging, it encourages readers to look at Catullus in different ways. It makes a useful resource for undergraduate students while still offering something to the more advanced scholar. For this work Gaisser has been praised as being "a measured, sensible, and good-humored editor and eminently qualified for the task". In her next work, The Fortunes of Apuleius and the Golden Ass: A Study in Transmission and Reception, (2008), she "brings her formidable scholarship to bear in her examination of the work’s reception up to the Renaissance, and it is indeed an intriguing tale. She is at her best in her entertaining treatment of Boccaccio, who owes the larger debt to Apuleius". The journey of the manuscript to codex, print, and eventually in France, Germany, England, is "masterly traced and presented delightfully with an overall feeling of lively intelligence". Catullus, (2009) has been praised as "one of the best book ever to be written on Catullus" and "as a necessary text, aimed at people who like poetry, and at students and scholars, where Gaisser has managed to synthesize all that can be said on Catullus in a concise, clear, simple, direct, didactic and scientific manner". It has been defined as providing "an answer to the need for an undergraduate critical text of the current scholarship in a concise and attractive form", and of being "consistently clear, well informed, and nicely judicious on the many disputed points".

Paragraph 38: Son of the Mask is a 2005 superhero comedy film directed by Lawrence Guterman. A stand-alone sequel to The Mask (1994), it is the second installment in The Mask franchise, an adaptation of the comic book series of the same name by Dark Horse Comics. The film stars Jamie Kennedy as Tim Avery, an aspiring animator from Fringe City who has just had his first child born with the powers of the Mask. It also stars Alan Cumming as Loki, whom Odin has ordered to find the Mask. It co-stars Traylor Howard, Kal Penn, Steven Wright, Bob Hoskins as Odin, and Ryan and Liam Falconer as Tim's baby Alvey. Ben Stein makes a brief reappearance at the beginning of the film as Doctor Arthur Neuman from the original film. The film was a critical and financial failure upon release, grossing $59.9 million against its $84–100 million budget.

Paragraph 39: The Ribeirão Preto Medical School was the third founded in the state of São Paulo and the first outside the capital. In 1951, the state government supported the creation of the school as a way of promoting a better coverage of physicians to the rapidly growing cities in its hinterland. A committee was formed in the University of São Paulo to study and to propose the new school. A professor from the University, physician and parasitologist Dr. Zeferino Vaz was nominated as its chairman and later became the Faculty's first dean, remaining until 1964. With great foresight, and against many resistances of the traditional medical academic establishment, he advocated a modern, research-based school, with all professors with full-time dedication. This was unheard of at that time in Brazil: in this Vaz was trying to follow the most successful American medical schools, such as Johns Hopkins Medical School. Lacking the researchers and professors with the mentality and experience he needed, he resorted to inviting them from Europe and United States.

Paragraph 40: The tawny owl (Strix aluco) is an opportunistic and generalized predator. Peak hunting activity tends to occur largely between dusk to midnight, with owls often following an erratic hunting pattern, perhaps to sites where previous hunts were successful. When feeding young, hunting may need to be prolonged into daylight in the early morning. Based on hand-reared young owls that re-released into the wild, hunting behaviour is quite innate rather than learned. Normally this owl hunts from a perch. Perching bouts usually last from about 8 to 14 minutes depending largely on habitat. Tawny owl's hunting from a perch or pole can recall a buzzard and the two take similar prey sizes as well. However, high initial speed and maneuvering among trees and bushes with great dexterity may allow it to surprise relatively large prey, more like a goshawk. The tawny owl is capable of lifting and carrying off in flight individual prey weighing up to at least . Their middle talon, the most enlarged claw on owls, measures an average of . While not as large as those of the Ural owl, the talons are extremely sharp, stout and quite decurved. The claws are considered to be visibly more overdeveloped than those of other European mid-sized owls and the footspan including the claws is fairly larger as well, at an average of about . The hunting owl often extends its wings to balance and control prey upon impact. Alternatively, this species may hunt from flight. This occurs from  over the ground, often over open habitats such as bushes, marsh or grassland, forming a quartering or zigzag pattern over the opening. During these flights they cover about  before changing direction. Hunting from flight was surprisingly prevalent in a Swedish study of two radio-tagged birds, with 34% of study time spent hunting from flight while 40% of the study time was spent on hunting from a perch. In a similar study in England, less than 1% of time was spent hunting from flight. In a more deliberate variation of hunting from flight, the hunting owl may examine crags and nest boxes or also hover around prey roosts. In the latter type of hunts, the tawny owls may strike branches and/or beat their wings together in front of denser foliage, bushes or conifers in order to disturb and flush prey such as small birds and bats, or may dive directly into said foliage. Hovering has also been recorded in differing circumstances, including one incidence of an owl hunting a small bird that was caught on the wing after a hovering flight. Tawny owls have also taken bats on the wing as well (such as ones snatched from near streep lamps when attempting to hunt themselves) and have been seen to hawk large, relatively slow-flying insects such as some beetles and moths in flight. Caterpillars may too be taken from trees. Usually these hunting variations are correlated with poor weather hampering the capture of preferred prey. Tawny owls eat worms with relative frequency, as they often hear them apparently from below the surface and snatch them up from shallow dirt or below leaf litter. Their worm-hunting style recalls worm hunting techniques by most other birds and they were recorded to eat 0.39 worms per minute during an hour of observation in England and were sometimes seen to feed on worms during daylight. Other hunting from the ground has been observed, often of insects such as beetles, but tawny owls have also been reported to "leap" upon from a ground vantage point in order to capture a vole, quite like foxes often do. There are now many accounts of tawny owls feeding on carrion from a wide range of sources, including hares, rats, sheep, and trout. 

Paragraph 41: Hsieh got off to a slow start to the summer hardcourt season. She played just one tournament between the Olympics and the US Open, the Texas Open. In singles, she was beaten by eventual champion Roberta Vinci in the first round, while falling in the quarterfinals of the doubles tournament with partner Gabriela Dabrowski to Iveta Benešová and Barbora Záhlavová-Strýcová. At the US Open, she suffered a three-set loss in singles to Magdaléna Rybáriková in the first round, but was successful in the women's doubles tournament with partner Anabel Medina Garrigues, where they reached the semifinals. Hsieh piled together a hugely successful Asian hardcourt season following the Open, winning 17 of her last 21 matches. She won the Ningbo Challenger, a $100k tournament, defeating Zhang Shuai in the final. The next week, she reached the final at the Guangzhou International Open dropping just one set en route. Facing the 17-year old Brit Laura Robson, the silver medalist in mixed doubles with Andy Murray at the 2012 Olympics who had defeated both four-time Grand Slam Champion Kim Clijsters and 2011 French Open champion Li Na, en route to the fourth round at the US Open less than a month earlier, Hsieh played the most intense tennis match of her life. Despite being 0–2 down in each of the first two sets, having five match points saved in the second set, the match being suspended after the second set due to the excruciatingly hot temperatures, and then being 0–3 down in the final set, she fought back to win the title in three sets by a score of 6–3, 5–7, 6–4. This marked Hsieh's second WTA Tour singles title of the year, and with it she jumped into the top 50 of the singles rankings for the first time, at No. 39. Though her 10-match winning streak was snapped in her very next match at the Pan Pacific Open, she won another $100k singles title two weeks later at the Suzhou Open, her 23rd career ITF singles title. This brought her into the top 25 for the first time, becoming the first Taiwanese tennis player to achieve a ranking that high. Hsieh concluded her season at the Tournament of Champions, where she was invited to compete for the first time. She lost her first two matches to Caroline Wozniacki and Vinci, but ended her year on a high note with a three set victory over Hantuchová. Hsieh finished with her best year-end ranking to date, world No. 25 in singles, a ranking which she equaled in doubles.

Paragraph 42: The Scots traders development of a different way of carrying out the Indian trade was a major factor in its expansion.  They formed trading companies with minor traders working on behalf of the company, instead of the practice of sole traders working on their own. As "for the more effectual carrying on the trade and supplying the Indians, we thought it proper to join in one company", this was to cut back on competition which would drive down profits, to reduce risk for each trader and also to combine the various, often complementary, skills and experience of the individual traders. It allowed them to keep several traders stationed at any one time in the Indian country to smooth out any difficulties which might emerge with the Indians. The best and most successful example of this is the company of the "Gentlemen of Augusta" or Brown, Rae and Company, which by 1755 had gained three-quarters of the Creek and Chickasaw trade. The Gentlemen of Augusta also avoided obvious and institutionalised exploitation of the Indians. This is shown by the company's establishment of set prices, the abandonment of Rum as a trading tool, the designation of certain Indian villages as exclusive bases for the trade and other beneficial practices. These practices were soon adopted by other traders and trading companies throughout the Georgia and Carolina Indian country, especially after the Yamasee War. This cut down on the worst abuses of the Indian trade and removed much friction between Indians, traders and colonial authorities, at least until the trade was reorganised in the wake of the Seven Years' War. These innovations of the largely Scottish Augusta company allowed its members, together with other Scottish traders such as Macartan and Campbell; Crooke, MacIntosh and Jackson and others, to effectively monopolise the Southern Indian trade until the 1760s .

Paragraph 43: Bréguet established an assembly line with remarkable speed: the first production aircraft flew less than a year after being ordered and was in service before the end of 1939. As with the Potez 630, the Bre 691 was beset with engine difficulties. Hispano-Suiza had decided to concentrate on its V12 liquid-cooled engines and the 14AB engine was unreliable. The French authorities decided to limit the Bréguet 691's production run to 78 aircraft, instead of 100. Instead, orders were placed for another version, the Bre 693 powered by Gnome-Rhône 14M radials. Apart from the changed engines, which were of slightly smaller diameter, the two types were virtually identical. Orders for the Bre 691 were switched to the new type and more than 120 of the latter had been completed by the time of France's defeat. Late production versions of the Bre 693 introduced propulsive exhaust pipes that improved top speed by a small margin as well as, according to some sources, a pair of additional machine guns in the rear of each engine nacelle. Belgium ordered 32 licence-built copies but none were completed before the Belgian collapse. French engine makers had even greater difficulties than airframe manufacturers in keeping up with the frantic demands from 1938, and in 1939 the French government decided that all combat aircraft had to be adapted for British and US engines. Fewer than 250 Bréguet 690 series aircraft were completed. The Armée de l'air received only 211 examples: 78 Bre.691s, 124 Bre.693s and nine Bre.695s but the Germans captured several complete or near-complete aircraft at the factories.

Paragraph 44: In June 1982, the state legislature established a public nonprofit corporation to manage construction and operations of the convention center. Governor Spellman appointed the corporation's board of directors which included banker James Cairns Jr. as chair, civic activist Jim Ellis, former councilwoman Phyllis Lamphere, and business leaders from Seattle and the Eastside. The appointed board was tasked with selecting a site for the convention center, with hopes of opening the facility by 1986. Public support for the project remained high because of a local recession. The project's location and public amenities, however, were the subject of a major debate that spanned several months of public hearings and city council meetings. TRA Architects were named as the head of a joint venture design team in September 1982. They unveiled preliminary designs for the convention center in February 1983 based on three finalist sites and a general size of . The freeway site, supported by downtown businesses and authorized by the state legislature, would span Interstate 5 between Freeway Park and Pike Street. It would include landscaped terraces and private development using the freeway's air rights, leased from the Washington State Department of Transportation. The Seattle Center site, supported by the city government, would replace the Metro Transit bus base and part of Memorial Stadium. The stadium part would be traded by the Seattle School District for the Metro Transit bus base. Some of the design options for the Seattle Center site included integrated bus facilities for Metro Transit in a lower level garage as well as a spur of the monorail serving the facility's top floor. The Kingdome site, deemed the one "left behind" in the "two-horse race" between the freeway and Seattle Center proposals, would replace the north parking lot and be adjacent to King Street Station. A pedestrian bridge would cross over the tracks to reach 4th Avenue South. A report prepared by a consultant hired by the convention center board favored the freeway site for its marketability. However, it found that the Kingdome and Seattle Center sites would be easily expandable and would have a lower operating cost due to shared equipment. The report also raised concerns about the potential loss of low-income housing concentrated on First Hill and the potential increase in noise and air pollution for the neighborhood. A separate report by the city concluded the freeway site would hurt operating revenue from parking at the Seattle Center. It also criticized the consultant's report for its lack of information and cost data.

Paragraph 45: On The Fifth Estate, Savoie was interviewed where he stated: "Allan Ross, for us from '86 to '91, was not one of our problems. Allan Ross – everybody says he was head of this. People were saying this. But I must say that in my work, I wouldn't be able to say that. And we were not sure, we never had him pinned". In a follow-up interview on another show of The Fifth Estate, Savoie stated: "I know with Allan Ross, there's no doubt that was word always you know that he had access to somebody and you know maybe he did...And I gather from you wanting to talk to me that you feel maybe I was one of those people on the list and that's fair game I guess...Sometimes people make mistakes. What can I tell you?" Savoie claimed that he was trying to persuade Ross to work as an informer, and then changed his story to say that was trying to work out a plea bargain to spare Ross from being imprisoned in the United States. Savoie went to these meetings alone and without telling his superiors, both of which were major violations of the RCMP's rules. When asked by Burke about these violations of the rules, Savoie could give no explanations for his actions. Burke recalled of the interview in 2011: "He sounded like a man backed into a corner. Very worried." In another interview with Hana Gartner of The Fifth Estate, Savoie stated that he last seen Ross in May 1992 just before his conviction in Florida and that: "He [Ross] wasn't an informant, nor was I an informant for him. But I knew him. Put it that way. I met him". The documentary aired footage of Savoie talking with Ross in a Montreal coffee shop.  Gartner also brought up the case of Leite, asking Savoie pointed questions about who had tipped Leite off that he was under investigation and facing arrest for corruption. On Friday, 18 December 1992, Savoie told a fellow Mountie that he was feeling depressed because a journalist was going to run an unflattening story about his relationship with an informer. Later the same day, Savoie broke down in tears in front of a superintendent, but was unwilling to talk about what was distressing him. Savoie's wife reported that he did not seen unset or sad during his last weekend with her.