Paragraph 1: White's Directory of Nottinghamshire, written in 1853, describes the Church of St John the Baptist as follows:The church is a neat edifice embowered in thick foliage, with a handsome tower and four bells,, and dedicated to St Luke, and contains several rural monuments of the Lewis's and others. The chancel window is principally composed of stained glass. The rectory is valued in the King's books at £9 7s 8d, now £435. The worthy owner gives £5 a year to the poor of this parish, and also supports an infant school. A feast is held on the first Sunday after St Luke's day.John Throsby, writing during 1790 in his new edition of Robert Thoroton's Antiquities of Nottinghamshire, describes the Church of St John the Baptist as follows:The Church, which is beautifully embowered with trees, has 3 bells (see plate page 13, fig. 1.) a nave and two side aisles, neatly pewed. The Chancel is large. In it rest the remains of Robert Lewes, Rector, who died in 1686, aged 72. John Price, Rector, who died in 1665. Richard Alleyne, Rector, who died in 1767, aged 62. Francis Thwaits, Rector, who died in 1721, aged 74. Daniel Pogson, Curate of Loughborough, who died in 1739, and Mr. Richard Lewes, who died in 1670, aged 60. The Tomb mentioned in Thoroton for Radolphus Illingworth, &c. remains, but much defaced. The outlines of a man and woman are figured thereon, praying. Here is a brass figure on the floor not noticed by Thoroton, no inscription: The upper part of this figure is represented, fig. 7, page 112...The roof of the nave is adorned with carved figures as supporters. And here is a neat little font... The earliest Register begins 1633. In the 5 first years, Bap. 14. Buried 12.---The last five, Bap. 9. Bur. 8. Decreased in Bap. 5, Bur. 4. The parsonage-house seems a dwelling of convenience, detached from the Village.

Paragraph 2:  On 5 December 1995, Azerbaijan Airlines Flight 56 was on a return flight between Baku and Nakhchivan. The flight departed Baku at 15:28, arriving at Nakhchivan at 16:37 after an uneventful flight. The plane was refuelled and prepared for the flight back to Baku, and departed at 17:52. While climbing through a height of 60 meters after takeoff and at an airspeed of 317 km/h, the no. 1 engine failed. The co-pilot reacted by countering the left bank. The captain then assumed control of the airplane. Because the co-pilot had countered the left bank, the captain did not have the sensory information which could have alerted him that it was the left-hand engine that had failed. The airplane continued to climb through 140m, passing through a layer of smog, after which the captain ordered the right-hand engine to be shut down. The flight engineer noticed that the power on the operating engine was decreasing. He brought the throttle back to the original position, but the engine had already stopped. Eight seconds later, the flight engineer reported that both engines had failed. The airplane had reached an elevation of 197 m and the speed had decreased to 290 km/h. The captain then decided to carry out a forced landing. The plane was then maneuvered for a forced landing during which a sharp right turn was made to avoid an apartment block. In a 37-degree right bank with a 10 m/s (1960 feet/min) descent rate, the airplane crashed into a field in the southwestern outskirts Nakhchivan, 3,850 m from the runway, killing 2 crew members and 50 passengers; 30 were injured. Investigation revealed that, following the mechanical failure of the left-hand engine, the crew shut down the working right-hand engine. The Tu-134B flight deck ergonomics contributed in that the flight engineers' engine parameters are difficult to monitor in conditions of weak illumination. It was later concluded that the engine failed because it was operated for more than 30 hours with an unrepaired defect.

Paragraph 3: In late 1938, Britain made a series of loans to China, which the British historian Victor Rothwell noted that his country "could ill afford" but were intended to keep China fighting against Japan. By then, it was accepted in Whitehall that it was better to keep China fighting, even at the risk of antagonising Japan since as long as it was embroiled in the war with China, Japan would be less likely to attack Britain's Asian colonies, which would free up British forces in Europe. The British Foreign Office was strongly pro-Chinese and, as Rothwell noted, Sir Robert Craigie, the British Ambassador in Tokyo was "slapped down when in late 1938 he advocated what, in effect, would have been a Far Eastern equivalent of Munich". The pro-Chinese sympathies of the Foreign Office were reflected in the greater respect given to the Sinophile ambassador to China, Archibald Clark Kerr, despite the straitlaced Japanophile Craigie being a far more traditional British diplomat than the flamboyant, hard-drinking and very active bisexual Clark Kerr. Britain could not risk a war with Japan, which would divert British military force to the Far East and thus encourage Germany and Italy to engage in aggressive actions. At the same time, the British government would not accept a Japanese conquest of China and so financially supported China. In late 1937, Chiang Kai-shek lost Shanghai, the business capital of China from which came 85% of Chinese tax revenues, to the Japanese. After the fall of Shanghai, Chiang was hard-pressed to find the money needed to continue the war with Japan. The Chamberlain government had its version of the domino theory in which if Japan conquered China, Japan would certainly extend its ambitions to Britain's Asian colonies and to the dominions of Australia and New Zealand. Chamberlain and the rest of his cabinet would never accept a Japanese conquest of Australia, New Zealand, India and the rest of the British colonies in the Far East, and they were resolved to fight to uphold Britain's position in the Asia-Pacific region, if necessary, and the Japanese made unacceptable demands. When Japan confiscated British-owned railways in China or seized British-owned ships in Chinese waters without compensation, the British government presented only notes of protest, as war with Japan was regarded only as a worst-case scenario. Meanwhile, money was still committed to the Singapore naval base and to fortifying Hong Kong to deter Japan from further aggression. The Chamberlain government would have liked to have enlisted the United States to present an Anglo-American front to stop the Japanese war against China, but the unwillingness of the Roosevelt administration to take such a step precluded a more active British policy in the Far East.

Paragraph 4: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 5: Warner moved to Los Angeles to start a career in acting. He had little success as an actor and returned to Chicago after five years. There he began working for plush toy maker Dakin as a salesman, the same company where his father worked. He was described by a former co-worker as possessing "uncanny" instincts as a salesman to retail shops, knowing which items would be most successful. In 1980, he was fired by Dakin, reportedly for selling his own products to established customers in competition with the company's line. After spending a three-year sabbatical in Italy, Warner returned to Chicago.

Paragraph 6: The band has released several more albums with a varying line-up over the years, with Meskil being the only constant member. The self-produced album Act of God saw the band signed to Nuclear Blast Records after they had relocated to Sarasota, Florida. The same label released Round 6 in 2000 and the live album Road Rage in 2001. In 2004, they released their first album for Candlelight Records, Fistful of Hate. Tom Klimchuck left the band in 2011 due to "unexpected circumstances regarding some potentially serious health issues." He had since been replaced by Adam Phillips of Indorphine, who stayed until 2019 when current guitarist Greg Discenza replaced him. On 3 July 2017, Gary Meskil was the victim of a robbery and attempted murder in Belgium while on tour with Pro-Pain in support of their 2015 album Voice of Rebellion. Pro-Pain remains active as of 2022, and they are currently working on their follow-up to Voice of Rebellion.

Paragraph 7: The six British colonies in Australia participated in some of Britain's wars of the 19th century. In the early 20th century, as a federated dominion and later as an independent nation, Australia fought in the First World War and Second World War, as well as in the wars in Korea, Malaya, Borneo and Vietnam during the Cold War. In the Post-Vietnam era Australian forces have been involved in numerous international peacekeeping missions, through the United Nations and other agencies, including in the Sinai, Persian Gulf, Rwanda, Somalia, East Timor and the Solomon Islands, as well as many overseas humanitarian relief operations, while more recently they have also fought as part of multi-lateral forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. In total, nearly 103,000 Australians died during these conflicts.

Paragraph 8: The six British colonies in Australia participated in some of Britain's wars of the 19th century. In the early 20th century, as a federated dominion and later as an independent nation, Australia fought in the First World War and Second World War, as well as in the wars in Korea, Malaya, Borneo and Vietnam during the Cold War. In the Post-Vietnam era Australian forces have been involved in numerous international peacekeeping missions, through the United Nations and other agencies, including in the Sinai, Persian Gulf, Rwanda, Somalia, East Timor and the Solomon Islands, as well as many overseas humanitarian relief operations, while more recently they have also fought as part of multi-lateral forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. In total, nearly 103,000 Australians died during these conflicts.

Paragraph 9: Upon entering Mercer County, the route winds northwesterly a few miles before turning west, where it has its second interchange with I-376  later.  Route 18 then turns northwesterly again, intersecting with the northern terminus of PA Route 551  later, and enters the borough of West Middlesex a mile after that.  Here, the route intersects with PA Route 318.  Turning northward, the route then passes under I-80 and has an interchange with PA Route 760 immediately after (Route 18 traffic interchanges with I-80 via this PA Route 760 interchange).  Route 18 then enters the city of Hermitage, intersects with the southern terminus of PA Route 518 a mile north of PA Route 760 at the village of Bobby's Corners, and continues about  before intersecting with US 62 and then Business US 62 less than  later.  Over  after that, the route intersects with the northern terminus of PA Route 518 at the village of Lamont's Corners east of the borough of Sharpsville before leaving Hermitage.  The route enters the borough of Clark about  later, where it intersects with the northern terminus of PA Route 258.  Route 18 then crosses the Shenango River Reservoir, then passes near the villages of Transfer, Reynolds Heights, and Shenango before entering the borough of Greenville  north of Clark.  In Greenville, Route 18 intersects with the northern terminus of PA Route 846 just before its junction with PA Route 358.  Here, the two routes overlap, heading eastward, and cross the Shenango River once again, before intersecting about  later with PA Route 58, which joins the concurrency for about a quarter mile.  Routes 18 and 58 then leave Route 358 and head northward.  Less than a half mile later, Route 18 leaves the concurrency, turning northeastward, then northward, leaving Greenville.  The Route continues through rural northern Mercer County about  before passing through the village of Osgood, and leaves Mercer County less than a mile later.

Paragraph 10: As the concept of digital colonialism has evolved, so has the way in which scholars have studied it. While some authors have looked at it as an extension of existing forms of colonialism, others have looked at it as a totally new form of oppression. The latter looks specifically at the colonialism of data, and how this practice combines the predatory nature of colonialism in the classic sense with the abstract ways value is determined in the digital age. A key idea of this theory is how it views data as natural resources that are abundant, easy to take, available to be profited from and whose exhaustion is not a problem. This views data as a byproduct of people's lives that cannot be owned, much like the air people exhale. Big Data justifies its actions by framing the work people do to create posts or disseminate other personal information as “just sharing.” This personal information is viewed as a raw material that is readily available and potentially valuable. Corporations such as Google, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent claim they are the only ones capable of processing such data and thus can make society a better place through this process — much like how those who perpetrated colonialism in the historical sense claimed it was a “civilization” project. In reality, people are encouraged to share their data through self-tracking platforms that put a premium on likes and followers, standout performance or gamification.

Paragraph 11: "A Whole New World" is the signature song from Disney's 1992 animated feature film Aladdin, with music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Tim Rice. A duet originally recorded by singers Brad Kane and Lea Salonga in their respective roles as the singing voices of the main characters Aladdin and Jasmine, the ballad serves as both the film's love and theme song. Lyrically, "A Whole New World" describes Aladdin showing the confined princess a life of freedom and the pair's acknowledgment of their love for each other while riding on a magic carpet. The song garnered an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 65th Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards. "A Whole New World" also won the Grammy Awards for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television at the 36th Annual Grammy Awards, as well as Song of the Year, the only Disney song to do so (as of 2023). In the same year, the version sung by Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle was also nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals, winning the latter.

Paragraph 12: Families and How to Survive Them may be said to have arisen from two sources – an earlier book, One Flesh, Separate Persons: Principles of Family and Marital Therapy (1976) by Skynner, and work carried out by Skynner at the Institute of Family Therapy in London in the 1970s. Cleese, who attended a lengthy course of group therapy at the institute in the mid seventies, was so impressed by what he experienced that, motivated by a desire to spread what lay behind the therapy to a wider audience, proposed to Skynner that they write a book summarising and outlining the principles involved.

Paragraph 13: Back at the Reebok Stadium against Huddersfield Town after an international break and two away matches, Bolton failed to capitalise on their previous home win against Millwall, falling to Oliver Norwood's second strike in two games, beating Andy Lonergan from 30 yards. In an attempt to bounce back from the two consecutive defeats, Dougie Freedman made five changes from the team that fell at home to Huddersfield Town. André Moritz, who retained his place from the previous game, set up Joe Mason to score on his full debut before scoring himself from long range. Neil Danns wrapped things up in second half stoppage time to push Bolton back up to 15th place. Bolton faced Wigan on 15 December at the DW Stadium. As ex-Bolton manager Owen Coyle had been sacked by Wigan in the week preceding the match, new manager we Rösler]] was looking to win in his first home game. Wigan were 2–0 up at half-time. They opened the scoring when Matt Mills was adjudged to have handled the ball in the box and Ben Watson subsequently dispatched the resulting penalty, before on-loan Nick Powell scored on 25 minutes. Bolton levelled 20 minutes after the break, their first goal coming four minutes after the restart, Neil Danns scoring his third goal for the club and the second came when Lee Chung-Yong was kicked in the penalty area, giving André Moritz the chance to put away the spot-kick for his third. However, just four minutes later, Wigan restored their lead through Callum McManaman to send Bolton home with no points. Bolton entered Christmas in 18th place thanks to a 1–1 draw with Charlton Athletic at the Reebok Stadium. They fell behind to a goal from Yann Kermorgant before equalising with Kevin McNaughton's first goal since 2008. Bolton won against Barnsley on Boxing Day, with Neil Danns scoring in the last game of his loan spell, as he was unable to play against Leicester City, his parent club, that weekend. Bolton's final game of the year was a thrilling affair with eight goals being shared between the two sides. Bolton finished on the wrong end of the scoreline; with Leicester winning 5–3. Leicester took the lead through former United player Danny Drinkwater before goals from André Moritz and Jermaine Beckford turned the tie in Bolton's favour. Leicester equalised when Anthony Knockaert scored but Moritz scored his second just a few minutes later. Leicester equalised a second time when Tim Ream deflected into his own net just before half-time. Leicester scored two more in the second half; Lloyd Dyer and Gary Taylor-Fletcher earning the three points for Leicester.

Paragraph 14: The historian and philosopher of science Ehud Lamm, on the book's reissue in 2010 for Darwin's bicentenary, writes that at almost 800 pages it was longer than the other "milestone" 1942 book on the modern synthesis, Ernst Mayr's Systematics and the Origin of Species. Lamm calls it remarkable that both books were described as popular accounts at the time, and notes that Huxley states in his introduction that he was setting out to promote a "synthetic point of view" on Darwinian evolution. Huxley was not just trying to synthesise natural selection with Mendelian genetics "as the Modern Synthesis is often presented", writes Lamm, but to include also "genetics, developmental physiology, ecology, systematics, paleontology, cytology [cell biology], and mathematical analysis." Lamm notes that the book was successful, with revised editions in 1963 and 1974, both of which added lengthy introductions that attempted to bring the book "at least partly up to date", given what Lamm and Huxley agreed were very large changes in the field. The 1942 text however was "a more tolerant, pluralistic, view of evolution than we have come to expect in the wake of the "hardening of the synthesis" (as Stephen Gould so aptly put it), with plenty of coverage of two "rebels", the discoverer of chromosomal crossover, Cyril Darlington, and the "avowedly anti-neoDarwinian" mutationist Richard Goldschmidt. Lamm notes that Goldschmidt's ideas on "genome-wide upheavals" may after all not be far wrong, given the epigenetic changes that can be caused by environmental stress. Huxley agreed with Darlington that hybridization and the polyploidy it could cause could result in increased variation and speciation. Lamm notes, too, that Huxley anticipated evolutionary developmental biology's attention to embryonic development for understanding evolution. Finally, the review observes that "It has long been debated whether the so-called Modern Synthesis was overall a positive force in biology, or whether its lacunae [gaps] undermine its contributions" and notes that people (such as Massimo Pigliucci) have called for a renewed synthesis, though biologists differ about its direction.

Paragraph 15: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 16: An affine space is a Zariski-open subset of a projective space, and since any closed affine subset  can be expressed as an intersection of the projective completion  and the affine space embedded in the projective space, this implies that any affine variety is quasiprojective. There are locally closed subsets of projective space that are not affine, so that quasi-projective is more general than affine. Taking the complement of a single point in projective space of dimension at least 2 gives a non-affine quasi-projective variety. This is also an example of a quasi-projective variety that is neither affine nor projective.

Paragraph 17: Trenton Webb reviewed Tangled Webs for Arcane magazine, rating it a 7 out of 10 overall. He commented that "B-movies aren't just fun because you can spot the wires, invariably predict the clichéd plot and see the sets wobble from time to time. They're enjoyable because you get the feeling that the crew had a brilliant time making them. Tangled Webs shares this sense of tongue-in-cheek, self-mocking, gung-ho fun in a non-stop barrage of increasingly hostile situations hung extremely loosely around a sketchy plot. Liriel, the oddest Drow you ever met and Fyodor, her Beserker boyfriend, hex and hack their way through an overly long sea voyage from Skullport to Ruathym. The obligatory political intrigue is supplied by the conspiracies of the Northern powers of the Forgotten Realms." He felt that "It's not the destination nor the schemes which are employed that are especially important though. It's the spirit that makes the book happen - the gut-spilling sword action, flashy spell casting and ensemble of characters pushes Tangled Webs from chapter to chapter with a wanton disregard for anything but having fun. The trip on the grand ship Elfmaid is made not just bearable but quite brilliant by the good Captain Hrolf setting up and solving all kinds of situations with a deft flick of a blade, a knowing glance or an impressive show of sheer bravado. His First Mate supplies sour-faced cynicism, and Xorsh the Sea-elf is your off-the-peg innocent. Together they roll across the ocean battling everything from Laskan pirates to vast Water Elementals." Webb added that "With the principals foiling deadly threats at the last second while the supporting cast wander about inadvertently creating yet another world of trouble, each chapter of the book is an exciting adventure in itself. Unfortunately, some of the spells cast or actions taken are less than convincing, but nevertheless, it's pleasantly easy to get carried away with this wild romp." He continued: "Sadly, the bubbling wave of ever-increasing adventuring energy falters short of the final chapter, which results in the villains it's taken Liriel 300 pages to meet being dispatched in a mere line or two. This really is a shame, because the archetypal adventure heroes developed in this book deserve a much bigger showdown, and these few lines seem woefully inadequate for the job at hand. What's more, these evil controllers of mighty magic and vast armies fought in the final battle prove less threatening than the ghoul on page four!" Webb concluded his review by saying "Purists are bound to condemn Tangled Webs for Liriel's complete lack of Drowness. DMs trying to run the new Forgotten Realms North campaign may well curse it for giving away too many secrets of this new land. Literature heads will no doubt have a pop at it because it's a Dungeons & Dragons book and not a proper novel. But if, when you're completely honest, you prefer B-movies to art-house cinema, then you should give Tangled Webs a shot!"

Paragraph 18: The band has released several more albums with a varying line-up over the years, with Meskil being the only constant member. The self-produced album Act of God saw the band signed to Nuclear Blast Records after they had relocated to Sarasota, Florida. The same label released Round 6 in 2000 and the live album Road Rage in 2001. In 2004, they released their first album for Candlelight Records, Fistful of Hate. Tom Klimchuck left the band in 2011 due to "unexpected circumstances regarding some potentially serious health issues." He had since been replaced by Adam Phillips of Indorphine, who stayed until 2019 when current guitarist Greg Discenza replaced him. On 3 July 2017, Gary Meskil was the victim of a robbery and attempted murder in Belgium while on tour with Pro-Pain in support of their 2015 album Voice of Rebellion. Pro-Pain remains active as of 2022, and they are currently working on their follow-up to Voice of Rebellion.

Paragraph 19: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 20: Back at the Reebok Stadium against Huddersfield Town after an international break and two away matches, Bolton failed to capitalise on their previous home win against Millwall, falling to Oliver Norwood's second strike in two games, beating Andy Lonergan from 30 yards. In an attempt to bounce back from the two consecutive defeats, Dougie Freedman made five changes from the team that fell at home to Huddersfield Town. André Moritz, who retained his place from the previous game, set up Joe Mason to score on his full debut before scoring himself from long range. Neil Danns wrapped things up in second half stoppage time to push Bolton back up to 15th place. Bolton faced Wigan on 15 December at the DW Stadium. As ex-Bolton manager Owen Coyle had been sacked by Wigan in the week preceding the match, new manager we Rösler]] was looking to win in his first home game. Wigan were 2–0 up at half-time. They opened the scoring when Matt Mills was adjudged to have handled the ball in the box and Ben Watson subsequently dispatched the resulting penalty, before on-loan Nick Powell scored on 25 minutes. Bolton levelled 20 minutes after the break, their first goal coming four minutes after the restart, Neil Danns scoring his third goal for the club and the second came when Lee Chung-Yong was kicked in the penalty area, giving André Moritz the chance to put away the spot-kick for his third. However, just four minutes later, Wigan restored their lead through Callum McManaman to send Bolton home with no points. Bolton entered Christmas in 18th place thanks to a 1–1 draw with Charlton Athletic at the Reebok Stadium. They fell behind to a goal from Yann Kermorgant before equalising with Kevin McNaughton's first goal since 2008. Bolton won against Barnsley on Boxing Day, with Neil Danns scoring in the last game of his loan spell, as he was unable to play against Leicester City, his parent club, that weekend. Bolton's final game of the year was a thrilling affair with eight goals being shared between the two sides. Bolton finished on the wrong end of the scoreline; with Leicester winning 5–3. Leicester took the lead through former United player Danny Drinkwater before goals from André Moritz and Jermaine Beckford turned the tie in Bolton's favour. Leicester equalised when Anthony Knockaert scored but Moritz scored his second just a few minutes later. Leicester equalised a second time when Tim Ream deflected into his own net just before half-time. Leicester scored two more in the second half; Lloyd Dyer and Gary Taylor-Fletcher earning the three points for Leicester.

Paragraph 21: The historian and philosopher of science Ehud Lamm, on the book's reissue in 2010 for Darwin's bicentenary, writes that at almost 800 pages it was longer than the other "milestone" 1942 book on the modern synthesis, Ernst Mayr's Systematics and the Origin of Species. Lamm calls it remarkable that both books were described as popular accounts at the time, and notes that Huxley states in his introduction that he was setting out to promote a "synthetic point of view" on Darwinian evolution. Huxley was not just trying to synthesise natural selection with Mendelian genetics "as the Modern Synthesis is often presented", writes Lamm, but to include also "genetics, developmental physiology, ecology, systematics, paleontology, cytology [cell biology], and mathematical analysis." Lamm notes that the book was successful, with revised editions in 1963 and 1974, both of which added lengthy introductions that attempted to bring the book "at least partly up to date", given what Lamm and Huxley agreed were very large changes in the field. The 1942 text however was "a more tolerant, pluralistic, view of evolution than we have come to expect in the wake of the "hardening of the synthesis" (as Stephen Gould so aptly put it), with plenty of coverage of two "rebels", the discoverer of chromosomal crossover, Cyril Darlington, and the "avowedly anti-neoDarwinian" mutationist Richard Goldschmidt. Lamm notes that Goldschmidt's ideas on "genome-wide upheavals" may after all not be far wrong, given the epigenetic changes that can be caused by environmental stress. Huxley agreed with Darlington that hybridization and the polyploidy it could cause could result in increased variation and speciation. Lamm notes, too, that Huxley anticipated evolutionary developmental biology's attention to embryonic development for understanding evolution. Finally, the review observes that "It has long been debated whether the so-called Modern Synthesis was overall a positive force in biology, or whether its lacunae [gaps] undermine its contributions" and notes that people (such as Massimo Pigliucci) have called for a renewed synthesis, though biologists differ about its direction.

Paragraph 22: Trips are organized by different organizations and companies accredited by Birthright Israel, which sets the logistical, educational, and security standards. All groups are led by licensed Israeli tour guides, all groups are accompanied by an armed security guard, and include visits to the Western Wall and Yad Vashem, as well as other sites determined by Birthright Israel. Tours may vary according to age group and the religious background of the participants. Trips may be geared for graduate students, undergraduates at a particular university, participants from a particular city, participants who identify with a particular stream of Judaism, tours for hiking or music enthusiasts, and a diverse array of other interests, such as trips for the LGBTQ community, campus trips and accessibility trips.

Paragraph 23: As the concept of digital colonialism has evolved, so has the way in which scholars have studied it. While some authors have looked at it as an extension of existing forms of colonialism, others have looked at it as a totally new form of oppression. The latter looks specifically at the colonialism of data, and how this practice combines the predatory nature of colonialism in the classic sense with the abstract ways value is determined in the digital age. A key idea of this theory is how it views data as natural resources that are abundant, easy to take, available to be profited from and whose exhaustion is not a problem. This views data as a byproduct of people's lives that cannot be owned, much like the air people exhale. Big Data justifies its actions by framing the work people do to create posts or disseminate other personal information as “just sharing.” This personal information is viewed as a raw material that is readily available and potentially valuable. Corporations such as Google, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent claim they are the only ones capable of processing such data and thus can make society a better place through this process — much like how those who perpetrated colonialism in the historical sense claimed it was a “civilization” project. In reality, people are encouraged to share their data through self-tracking platforms that put a premium on likes and followers, standout performance or gamification.

Paragraph 24: In late 1938, Britain made a series of loans to China, which the British historian Victor Rothwell noted that his country "could ill afford" but were intended to keep China fighting against Japan. By then, it was accepted in Whitehall that it was better to keep China fighting, even at the risk of antagonising Japan since as long as it was embroiled in the war with China, Japan would be less likely to attack Britain's Asian colonies, which would free up British forces in Europe. The British Foreign Office was strongly pro-Chinese and, as Rothwell noted, Sir Robert Craigie, the British Ambassador in Tokyo was "slapped down when in late 1938 he advocated what, in effect, would have been a Far Eastern equivalent of Munich". The pro-Chinese sympathies of the Foreign Office were reflected in the greater respect given to the Sinophile ambassador to China, Archibald Clark Kerr, despite the straitlaced Japanophile Craigie being a far more traditional British diplomat than the flamboyant, hard-drinking and very active bisexual Clark Kerr. Britain could not risk a war with Japan, which would divert British military force to the Far East and thus encourage Germany and Italy to engage in aggressive actions. At the same time, the British government would not accept a Japanese conquest of China and so financially supported China. In late 1937, Chiang Kai-shek lost Shanghai, the business capital of China from which came 85% of Chinese tax revenues, to the Japanese. After the fall of Shanghai, Chiang was hard-pressed to find the money needed to continue the war with Japan. The Chamberlain government had its version of the domino theory in which if Japan conquered China, Japan would certainly extend its ambitions to Britain's Asian colonies and to the dominions of Australia and New Zealand. Chamberlain and the rest of his cabinet would never accept a Japanese conquest of Australia, New Zealand, India and the rest of the British colonies in the Far East, and they were resolved to fight to uphold Britain's position in the Asia-Pacific region, if necessary, and the Japanese made unacceptable demands. When Japan confiscated British-owned railways in China or seized British-owned ships in Chinese waters without compensation, the British government presented only notes of protest, as war with Japan was regarded only as a worst-case scenario. Meanwhile, money was still committed to the Singapore naval base and to fortifying Hong Kong to deter Japan from further aggression. The Chamberlain government would have liked to have enlisted the United States to present an Anglo-American front to stop the Japanese war against China, but the unwillingness of the Roosevelt administration to take such a step precluded a more active British policy in the Far East.

Paragraph 25: "A Whole New World" is the signature song from Disney's 1992 animated feature film Aladdin, with music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Tim Rice. A duet originally recorded by singers Brad Kane and Lea Salonga in their respective roles as the singing voices of the main characters Aladdin and Jasmine, the ballad serves as both the film's love and theme song. Lyrically, "A Whole New World" describes Aladdin showing the confined princess a life of freedom and the pair's acknowledgment of their love for each other while riding on a magic carpet. The song garnered an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 65th Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards. "A Whole New World" also won the Grammy Awards for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television at the 36th Annual Grammy Awards, as well as Song of the Year, the only Disney song to do so (as of 2023). In the same year, the version sung by Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle was also nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals, winning the latter.

Paragraph 26: Trenton Webb reviewed Tangled Webs for Arcane magazine, rating it a 7 out of 10 overall. He commented that "B-movies aren't just fun because you can spot the wires, invariably predict the clichéd plot and see the sets wobble from time to time. They're enjoyable because you get the feeling that the crew had a brilliant time making them. Tangled Webs shares this sense of tongue-in-cheek, self-mocking, gung-ho fun in a non-stop barrage of increasingly hostile situations hung extremely loosely around a sketchy plot. Liriel, the oddest Drow you ever met and Fyodor, her Beserker boyfriend, hex and hack their way through an overly long sea voyage from Skullport to Ruathym. The obligatory political intrigue is supplied by the conspiracies of the Northern powers of the Forgotten Realms." He felt that "It's not the destination nor the schemes which are employed that are especially important though. It's the spirit that makes the book happen - the gut-spilling sword action, flashy spell casting and ensemble of characters pushes Tangled Webs from chapter to chapter with a wanton disregard for anything but having fun. The trip on the grand ship Elfmaid is made not just bearable but quite brilliant by the good Captain Hrolf setting up and solving all kinds of situations with a deft flick of a blade, a knowing glance or an impressive show of sheer bravado. His First Mate supplies sour-faced cynicism, and Xorsh the Sea-elf is your off-the-peg innocent. Together they roll across the ocean battling everything from Laskan pirates to vast Water Elementals." Webb added that "With the principals foiling deadly threats at the last second while the supporting cast wander about inadvertently creating yet another world of trouble, each chapter of the book is an exciting adventure in itself. Unfortunately, some of the spells cast or actions taken are less than convincing, but nevertheless, it's pleasantly easy to get carried away with this wild romp." He continued: "Sadly, the bubbling wave of ever-increasing adventuring energy falters short of the final chapter, which results in the villains it's taken Liriel 300 pages to meet being dispatched in a mere line or two. This really is a shame, because the archetypal adventure heroes developed in this book deserve a much bigger showdown, and these few lines seem woefully inadequate for the job at hand. What's more, these evil controllers of mighty magic and vast armies fought in the final battle prove less threatening than the ghoul on page four!" Webb concluded his review by saying "Purists are bound to condemn Tangled Webs for Liriel's complete lack of Drowness. DMs trying to run the new Forgotten Realms North campaign may well curse it for giving away too many secrets of this new land. Literature heads will no doubt have a pop at it because it's a Dungeons & Dragons book and not a proper novel. But if, when you're completely honest, you prefer B-movies to art-house cinema, then you should give Tangled Webs a shot!"

Paragraph 27: "A Whole New World" is the signature song from Disney's 1992 animated feature film Aladdin, with music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Tim Rice. A duet originally recorded by singers Brad Kane and Lea Salonga in their respective roles as the singing voices of the main characters Aladdin and Jasmine, the ballad serves as both the film's love and theme song. Lyrically, "A Whole New World" describes Aladdin showing the confined princess a life of freedom and the pair's acknowledgment of their love for each other while riding on a magic carpet. The song garnered an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 65th Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards. "A Whole New World" also won the Grammy Awards for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television at the 36th Annual Grammy Awards, as well as Song of the Year, the only Disney song to do so (as of 2023). In the same year, the version sung by Peabo Bryson and Regina Belle was also nominated for Record of the Year and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals, winning the latter.

Paragraph 28: The Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi wrote his Kitab al Khazari between 1130 and 1140, which featured a discussion wherein the King of the Khazars questioned three theologians (a Jewish rabbi, a Christian, and a Muslim) which was the true religion, and raised the challenge that people in India said they had buildings and antiquities which were millions of years old. The rabbi responded that his faith was unshaken, as the Indians lacked "a fixed form of religion, or a book concerning which a multitude of people held the same opinion, and in which no historical discrepancy could be found." The rabbi dismissed Indians as dissolute, unreliable people, whose claims could be ignored. Later in the book, Halevi rejected the Nabatean claims as these people did not know of the revelation in Scripture, and he dismissed Greek theories of an eternal world. In his conclusion, Halevi maintained that Adam was the first human in this world but left open other possibilities: "If, after all, a believer in the Law finds himself compelled to admit an eternal matter and the existence of many worlds prior to this one, this would not impair his belief that this world was created at a certain epoch, and that Adam and Noah were the first human beings."

Paragraph 29: Warner moved to Los Angeles to start a career in acting. He had little success as an actor and returned to Chicago after five years. There he began working for plush toy maker Dakin as a salesman, the same company where his father worked. He was described by a former co-worker as possessing "uncanny" instincts as a salesman to retail shops, knowing which items would be most successful. In 1980, he was fired by Dakin, reportedly for selling his own products to established customers in competition with the company's line. After spending a three-year sabbatical in Italy, Warner returned to Chicago.

Paragraph 30: White's Directory of Nottinghamshire, written in 1853, describes the Church of St John the Baptist as follows:The church is a neat edifice embowered in thick foliage, with a handsome tower and four bells,, and dedicated to St Luke, and contains several rural monuments of the Lewis's and others. The chancel window is principally composed of stained glass. The rectory is valued in the King's books at £9 7s 8d, now £435. The worthy owner gives £5 a year to the poor of this parish, and also supports an infant school. A feast is held on the first Sunday after St Luke's day.John Throsby, writing during 1790 in his new edition of Robert Thoroton's Antiquities of Nottinghamshire, describes the Church of St John the Baptist as follows:The Church, which is beautifully embowered with trees, has 3 bells (see plate page 13, fig. 1.) a nave and two side aisles, neatly pewed. The Chancel is large. In it rest the remains of Robert Lewes, Rector, who died in 1686, aged 72. John Price, Rector, who died in 1665. Richard Alleyne, Rector, who died in 1767, aged 62. Francis Thwaits, Rector, who died in 1721, aged 74. Daniel Pogson, Curate of Loughborough, who died in 1739, and Mr. Richard Lewes, who died in 1670, aged 60. The Tomb mentioned in Thoroton for Radolphus Illingworth, &c. remains, but much defaced. The outlines of a man and woman are figured thereon, praying. Here is a brass figure on the floor not noticed by Thoroton, no inscription: The upper part of this figure is represented, fig. 7, page 112...The roof of the nave is adorned with carved figures as supporters. And here is a neat little font... The earliest Register begins 1633. In the 5 first years, Bap. 14. Buried 12.---The last five, Bap. 9. Bur. 8. Decreased in Bap. 5, Bur. 4. The parsonage-house seems a dwelling of convenience, detached from the Village.

Paragraph 31: Families and How to Survive Them may be said to have arisen from two sources – an earlier book, One Flesh, Separate Persons: Principles of Family and Marital Therapy (1976) by Skynner, and work carried out by Skynner at the Institute of Family Therapy in London in the 1970s. Cleese, who attended a lengthy course of group therapy at the institute in the mid seventies, was so impressed by what he experienced that, motivated by a desire to spread what lay behind the therapy to a wider audience, proposed to Skynner that they write a book summarising and outlining the principles involved.

Paragraph 32: The six British colonies in Australia participated in some of Britain's wars of the 19th century. In the early 20th century, as a federated dominion and later as an independent nation, Australia fought in the First World War and Second World War, as well as in the wars in Korea, Malaya, Borneo and Vietnam during the Cold War. In the Post-Vietnam era Australian forces have been involved in numerous international peacekeeping missions, through the United Nations and other agencies, including in the Sinai, Persian Gulf, Rwanda, Somalia, East Timor and the Solomon Islands, as well as many overseas humanitarian relief operations, while more recently they have also fought as part of multi-lateral forces in Iraq and Afghanistan. In total, nearly 103,000 Australians died during these conflicts.

Paragraph 33: Trips are organized by different organizations and companies accredited by Birthright Israel, which sets the logistical, educational, and security standards. All groups are led by licensed Israeli tour guides, all groups are accompanied by an armed security guard, and include visits to the Western Wall and Yad Vashem, as well as other sites determined by Birthright Israel. Tours may vary according to age group and the religious background of the participants. Trips may be geared for graduate students, undergraduates at a particular university, participants from a particular city, participants who identify with a particular stream of Judaism, tours for hiking or music enthusiasts, and a diverse array of other interests, such as trips for the LGBTQ community, campus trips and accessibility trips.

Paragraph 34: Families and How to Survive Them may be said to have arisen from two sources – an earlier book, One Flesh, Separate Persons: Principles of Family and Marital Therapy (1976) by Skynner, and work carried out by Skynner at the Institute of Family Therapy in London in the 1970s. Cleese, who attended a lengthy course of group therapy at the institute in the mid seventies, was so impressed by what he experienced that, motivated by a desire to spread what lay behind the therapy to a wider audience, proposed to Skynner that they write a book summarising and outlining the principles involved.