Paragraph 1: Years later, Heart is now a fully grown dinosaur with enhanced hunting and martial arts skills, what he demonstrates by beating a whole herd of Titanosaurus, and having a step forward from Gonza's pack. Meanwhile, Light is allowed to return to the herd as Heart doesn't live with them anymore. One day Heart discovers an egg which houses an Ankylosaurus. When the baby hatches, Heart tells him that he is "Umasou" (the Japanese word for delicious), and he prepares to devour him, until the baby jumps and cuddles Heart, believing that Heart was his father and that Umasou was his name, much to Heart's surprise and confusion. He decides to raise him; initially to wait until he fattens enough for him to eat, but he begins to give up this scheme after a bad dream about his old family. Umasou acts very loving toward Heart, but Heart remains emotionally distant to Umasou as he doesn't know exactly how to deal with him. Later Heart goes to hunt a Parasaurolophus, leaving Umasou waiting for him in the grass. A nearby Chilantaisaurus notices him and is about to eat him, but Heart arrives and quickly sends it flying away with a kick. Umasou cheers Heart for saving him, and Heart angrily tells him that the Chilantaisaurus could have eaten him and to stay alert for predators. The next day, Umasou wants to gather berries to eat with his father, while Heart frantically searches for Umasou. He gives up the search and loses hope, but then Umasou returns with the berries like nothing happened. Enraged, Heart yells at Umasou to go away, which makes Umasou cry and tell why he left. Heart notices the berries and apologizes for yelling at him before starting to eat to make him fell better, even starting to be moved. Umasou mentions that he got the berries from an elderly Tyrannosaurus who has grown too old to eat solid food and eats the berries, who will introduce himself as Bekon. The two go to meet him and he explains a part of Baku's story: One day, a massive pack of Giganotosaurus arrived from the south and goes on a rampage, killing everything in their path, forcing Baku to fight them by himself. The battle resulted in him losing an eye and receiving his scar, but he succeeded in defeating the Giganotosaurus and is now the king of the plains. After Bekon ask Heart how he will deal with the fact that Umasou will one day be separated from him due to their respective condition, Heart decides to train Umasou to protect himself from predators.

Paragraph 2: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognised Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. For the International Year of the Child Bangladesh Baháʼís established tutorial schools in three villages. By 1987, the number of officially recognised development projects had increased to 1482. The Baháʼís in Bangladesh work to promote their interests and contributions to Bangladesh. Even early on there were village level schools run by the local assembly in the Jessore area. In 1981 the second Bangladesh National Baha'i Women's Conference took place attracting Baháʼí women from Bangladesh, India, Iran, Malaysia and Italy. In 1995 three national newspapers published articles on a public meeting sponsored by the local spiritual assembly of Khulna to mark the founding of the United Nations. Tents on the grounds of the Baháʼí Center there were filled with 50 Baháʼís and 200 guests who listened to speeches and then enjoyed the performance of songs written by Baháʼí youth on the theme of unity and amity among the nations and races of the earth. Some of the students of the New Era Development Institute, an educational NGO in India run by the Baháʼís, have come from the Bangladesh Baháʼí community in 1997. In 1988 Baháʼí doctors setup free treatment camps. In addition to work in groups, some individuals have become well known for their contributions to Bangladesh society. Baháʼí Samarendra Nath Goswami, is well known in Bangladesh as Secretary General of the Bangladesh Minority Lawyers Association and senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court and contributed to founding a law journal and two law schools. In 1994, he edited The Principles of Baháʼí Personal Law which was published by the Bangladesh Law Times. In the early 1990s, Baha'i law was included in the law curriculum of Dhaka University. Payam Akhavan, Baháʼí and a renowned human rights lawyer represented Sheikh Hasina (a once and again Prime Minister of Bangladesh).

Paragraph 3: The eastern segment through Scarborough was known as Highway 5A between 1937 and 1953; this number also appeared on St. Clair Avenue West until 1952 when the Toronto Bypass, (the precursor to Highway 401), opened between Weston and Highway 11 (Yonge Street). The two pieces of "Highway 5A" were never connected. In 1953, what remained was renumbered as Highway 109; a year later, the road was removed from the provincial highway system. Because of its time as a provincial highway, the road through Scarborough was widened considerably. A right of way was also acquired to bridge the gap in Eglinton. Until the mid-1950s, Eglinton did not cross either of the valleys of the Don River. The road ended at Brentcliffe Road (unassigned path beyond Laird towards Brentcliffe and the dump was once site of hangar for Leaside Aerodrome) and resumed at Victoria Park Avenue (then known as Dawes Road). This break resulted in a bypassed eastern stub at Bermondsey Road signed as Old Eglinton Avenue. The Department of Highways relinquished control of Highway 109 to the newly formed Metro government. Metro built the new section of Eglinton Avenue, first between Dawes Road and Don Mills Road in 1955, and later between Don Mills Road and Leaside in 1956.

Paragraph 4: Stewart won many new fans in her role as Billie Proudman on Offspring, as part of an ensemble cast led by Asher Keddie and including John Waters, Eddie Perfect, Deborah Mailman, Richard Davies, Garry McDonald, Lachy Hulme and Linda Cropper. One of the show's strengths is the dynamic relationship between the sisters Billie and Nina Proudman (played by Keddie). Both actresses have spoken of their admiration for each other, with Stewart saying "I've admired Asher ever since Love My Way. She is an actress of extraordinary ability and depth. We have a lovely shorthand and support for each other on set, not unlike Nina and Billie. There's a trust there that allows real spontaneity and joy." Keddie spoke of Kat, saying "It's exhilarating to perform with her; I feel genuinely excited by it. That's a great feeling to have as an actor - when you really want to be working opposite someone and with someone. It doesn't get much more rewarding than that." Stewart admits to being fond of her character, Billie, despite some heartaches, "I’m really fond of her, though she’s really frustrating sometimes. Though she cheated on Mick [in season four], it’s my job to see the world through her eyes. You see what happened in the lead-up and it was the ultimate act of self-destruction. It broke my heart." Offspring aired for 5 seasons from 2010 to 14 before returning to TV screens for a sixth season in 2016. With production of the new series underway Stewart spoke to Colin Vickery of News Corp, "I really didn’t think it would happen", Stewart said. "It was the best experience I’ve had in a show. You form such deep relationships with the people and also the characters. I feel really confident we’ll be able to deliver something great. I don’t think we’re going to coast on some sort of legacy. We’re really aware of that and all want it to be as fantastic and awesome as it can be. To get to walk around in Billie’s shoes again is fantastic". The seventh season of the show, including Stewart and other key cast members, screened in 2017. Writing in 'The Daily Telegraph', Colin Vickery reflected on season 7 with 'this year...Billie, played by Kat Stewart, has had to endure a heartbreaking split with husband Mick (Eddie Perfect). Billie's rollercoaster life has showcased Stewart's comedic and dramatic talents like never before. No wonder many critics believe she is the best actor on Australian television.'

Paragraph 5:  An epidemic plagued the Province of Cavite in October 1882. Provincial governor Don Juan Salcedo Y Mantilla de los Rios ordered that the feast of the image be postponed until the whole province has been freed from such disaster. At one night, when the Governor was sick and resting, he ordered his guards not to let anyone in his quarters. However, to his surprise, an old lady dressed in black, came knocking at his door. The lady asked him to promise to celebrate the feast of the Virgen de la Soledad with greatest pomp for the epidemic to leave. Dismayed at such untimely request, he agreed and gave the lady some silver coins wrapped in a white handkerchief. After the lady left, he summoned his guards and reprimanded them for letting the old lady in. To their surprise, they told him that they saw no one in the vicinity. At once he himself was healed and he immediately visited the Ermita de Porta Vaga to give thanks to the Miraculous Virgin. To his surprise, he saw the silver coins wrapped in white handkerchief in front of the icon, just as he had given it to the lady. In thanksgiving for healing the whole of Cavite from such malady, he ordered that the feast of the Virgin be celebrated on January 20–21, 1883. He required all leaders of localities in the whole province to participate in the celebrations. On the day of the fiesta, the bells of all churches in Cavite rang to pay homage to their Queen. It was likewise answered by canyons from the Fort San Felipe. All gobernadorcillos of all towns of Cavite together with all of their local officials came with their colorful gala uniforms with their own town's brass bands. All roads of the Cavite Puerto were decorated with ornaments.  The road going to the Ermita de Porta Vaga was piled up with sederas or temporary stores. The whole route of the Virgin's procession were brightly lighted and carpeted with expensive rugs and were covered overhead by canvasses and sails of boats to protect the participants from getting wet in case of rain.

Paragraph 6: Expert Sue Cubitt of the auction house had the works examined. The Chagall certificate had a misprint and she became suspicious. Jan Nieuwenhuizen Segaar, a representative of Karel Appel, contacted the artist who said that work was his but Cubitt was still suspicious.  The Chagall committee in Paris verified that the certificate was a forgery and therefore the drawing was also a forgery.  A similar thing happened with the Asger Jorn certificate. The auction house decided to withdraw all the works from sale because it could not guarantee their authenticity. Sue Cubitt decided to inform Ernst Schöller of the Stuttgart Fine Art and Antiquities squad.

Paragraph 7: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognised Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. For the International Year of the Child Bangladesh Baháʼís established tutorial schools in three villages. By 1987, the number of officially recognised development projects had increased to 1482. The Baháʼís in Bangladesh work to promote their interests and contributions to Bangladesh. Even early on there were village level schools run by the local assembly in the Jessore area. In 1981 the second Bangladesh National Baha'i Women's Conference took place attracting Baháʼí women from Bangladesh, India, Iran, Malaysia and Italy. In 1995 three national newspapers published articles on a public meeting sponsored by the local spiritual assembly of Khulna to mark the founding of the United Nations. Tents on the grounds of the Baháʼí Center there were filled with 50 Baháʼís and 200 guests who listened to speeches and then enjoyed the performance of songs written by Baháʼí youth on the theme of unity and amity among the nations and races of the earth. Some of the students of the New Era Development Institute, an educational NGO in India run by the Baháʼís, have come from the Bangladesh Baháʼí community in 1997. In 1988 Baháʼí doctors setup free treatment camps. In addition to work in groups, some individuals have become well known for their contributions to Bangladesh society. Baháʼí Samarendra Nath Goswami, is well known in Bangladesh as Secretary General of the Bangladesh Minority Lawyers Association and senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court and contributed to founding a law journal and two law schools. In 1994, he edited The Principles of Baháʼí Personal Law which was published by the Bangladesh Law Times. In the early 1990s, Baha'i law was included in the law curriculum of Dhaka University. Payam Akhavan, Baháʼí and a renowned human rights lawyer represented Sheikh Hasina (a once and again Prime Minister of Bangladesh).

Paragraph 8: Two scientists are shown discussing design plans for a female android posted on a wall in their workplace. A woman sleeps in a bed with a monitor on her wrist and an electronic device placed around her head, with several doctors monitoring her through the glass wall, watching what appears to be a simulation being created for her through the device on a screen, and tapping a button marked "days to reset" on another as it counts down and cycles through the days of the week. The woman's sleep appears to be getting less restful from the simulation as she fidgets and begins breathing harder. She is shown walking out onto a rooftop and taking a transparent rake from one of the men escorting her, redrawing the lines in a large sand garden, and looking out at the city around them before she and two of the men go back inside. We see her in the same room and on the same bed as before, but without the electronic devices, leaning away from an unknown man with a somewhat frightened expression as he lifts her chin to look at him and then begins undressing himself. Shots are shown of her flipping through a journal with a loose note stuck into it, reading "you are stronger than you think." She goes up to the rooftop to draw in the sand again, only this time bumps into an exact duplicate of herself accompanied by two different men, as both women take a moment to stare at each other in shock. She is later seen laying in bed, again without the devices, appearing to contemplate the emotions of these recent encounters. She is then shown looking through the glass wall of a small room, filled with sixteen more of the duplicates, standing but deactivated. She places a new note in the journal atop the other, reading "look right. You are greater in numbers." On the last day before the reset, the version of her with the simulation device suddenly startles awake, tears off the device and snaps it in half before throwing a stack of books from the nightstand through the window and escaping. We see her weave through numerous people trying to catch her, the source of some of the shots spread through the rest of the video, before she locks herself in a small room, containing a "final reset" button which she presses. She steps up onto a platform that lays her on her back as she appears to deactivate, before we see every one of the sixteen other duplicates wake up.

Paragraph 9: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognised Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. For the International Year of the Child Bangladesh Baháʼís established tutorial schools in three villages. By 1987, the number of officially recognised development projects had increased to 1482. The Baháʼís in Bangladesh work to promote their interests and contributions to Bangladesh. Even early on there were village level schools run by the local assembly in the Jessore area. In 1981 the second Bangladesh National Baha'i Women's Conference took place attracting Baháʼí women from Bangladesh, India, Iran, Malaysia and Italy. In 1995 three national newspapers published articles on a public meeting sponsored by the local spiritual assembly of Khulna to mark the founding of the United Nations. Tents on the grounds of the Baháʼí Center there were filled with 50 Baháʼís and 200 guests who listened to speeches and then enjoyed the performance of songs written by Baháʼí youth on the theme of unity and amity among the nations and races of the earth. Some of the students of the New Era Development Institute, an educational NGO in India run by the Baháʼís, have come from the Bangladesh Baháʼí community in 1997. In 1988 Baháʼí doctors setup free treatment camps. In addition to work in groups, some individuals have become well known for their contributions to Bangladesh society. Baháʼí Samarendra Nath Goswami, is well known in Bangladesh as Secretary General of the Bangladesh Minority Lawyers Association and senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court and contributed to founding a law journal and two law schools. In 1994, he edited The Principles of Baháʼí Personal Law which was published by the Bangladesh Law Times. In the early 1990s, Baha'i law was included in the law curriculum of Dhaka University. Payam Akhavan, Baháʼí and a renowned human rights lawyer represented Sheikh Hasina (a once and again Prime Minister of Bangladesh).

Paragraph 10: Two scientists are shown discussing design plans for a female android posted on a wall in their workplace. A woman sleeps in a bed with a monitor on her wrist and an electronic device placed around her head, with several doctors monitoring her through the glass wall, watching what appears to be a simulation being created for her through the device on a screen, and tapping a button marked "days to reset" on another as it counts down and cycles through the days of the week. The woman's sleep appears to be getting less restful from the simulation as she fidgets and begins breathing harder. She is shown walking out onto a rooftop and taking a transparent rake from one of the men escorting her, redrawing the lines in a large sand garden, and looking out at the city around them before she and two of the men go back inside. We see her in the same room and on the same bed as before, but without the electronic devices, leaning away from an unknown man with a somewhat frightened expression as he lifts her chin to look at him and then begins undressing himself. Shots are shown of her flipping through a journal with a loose note stuck into it, reading "you are stronger than you think." She goes up to the rooftop to draw in the sand again, only this time bumps into an exact duplicate of herself accompanied by two different men, as both women take a moment to stare at each other in shock. She is later seen laying in bed, again without the devices, appearing to contemplate the emotions of these recent encounters. She is then shown looking through the glass wall of a small room, filled with sixteen more of the duplicates, standing but deactivated. She places a new note in the journal atop the other, reading "look right. You are greater in numbers." On the last day before the reset, the version of her with the simulation device suddenly startles awake, tears off the device and snaps it in half before throwing a stack of books from the nightstand through the window and escaping. We see her weave through numerous people trying to catch her, the source of some of the shots spread through the rest of the video, before she locks herself in a small room, containing a "final reset" button which she presses. She steps up onto a platform that lays her on her back as she appears to deactivate, before we see every one of the sixteen other duplicates wake up.

Paragraph 11: The eastern segment through Scarborough was known as Highway 5A between 1937 and 1953; this number also appeared on St. Clair Avenue West until 1952 when the Toronto Bypass, (the precursor to Highway 401), opened between Weston and Highway 11 (Yonge Street). The two pieces of "Highway 5A" were never connected. In 1953, what remained was renumbered as Highway 109; a year later, the road was removed from the provincial highway system. Because of its time as a provincial highway, the road through Scarborough was widened considerably. A right of way was also acquired to bridge the gap in Eglinton. Until the mid-1950s, Eglinton did not cross either of the valleys of the Don River. The road ended at Brentcliffe Road (unassigned path beyond Laird towards Brentcliffe and the dump was once site of hangar for Leaside Aerodrome) and resumed at Victoria Park Avenue (then known as Dawes Road). This break resulted in a bypassed eastern stub at Bermondsey Road signed as Old Eglinton Avenue. The Department of Highways relinquished control of Highway 109 to the newly formed Metro government. Metro built the new section of Eglinton Avenue, first between Dawes Road and Don Mills Road in 1955, and later between Don Mills Road and Leaside in 1956.

Paragraph 12: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognised Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. For the International Year of the Child Bangladesh Baháʼís established tutorial schools in three villages. By 1987, the number of officially recognised development projects had increased to 1482. The Baháʼís in Bangladesh work to promote their interests and contributions to Bangladesh. Even early on there were village level schools run by the local assembly in the Jessore area. In 1981 the second Bangladesh National Baha'i Women's Conference took place attracting Baháʼí women from Bangladesh, India, Iran, Malaysia and Italy. In 1995 three national newspapers published articles on a public meeting sponsored by the local spiritual assembly of Khulna to mark the founding of the United Nations. Tents on the grounds of the Baháʼí Center there were filled with 50 Baháʼís and 200 guests who listened to speeches and then enjoyed the performance of songs written by Baháʼí youth on the theme of unity and amity among the nations and races of the earth. Some of the students of the New Era Development Institute, an educational NGO in India run by the Baháʼís, have come from the Bangladesh Baháʼí community in 1997. In 1988 Baháʼí doctors setup free treatment camps. In addition to work in groups, some individuals have become well known for their contributions to Bangladesh society. Baháʼí Samarendra Nath Goswami, is well known in Bangladesh as Secretary General of the Bangladesh Minority Lawyers Association and senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court and contributed to founding a law journal and two law schools. In 1994, he edited The Principles of Baháʼí Personal Law which was published by the Bangladesh Law Times. In the early 1990s, Baha'i law was included in the law curriculum of Dhaka University. Payam Akhavan, Baháʼí and a renowned human rights lawyer represented Sheikh Hasina (a once and again Prime Minister of Bangladesh).

Paragraph 13: Trains bound for Moorgate approach Drayton Park on a falling gradient, drawing power via the pantograph. After coming to a stand at the platform the driver opens the vacuum circuit breaker, lowers the pantograph and changes over to DC. Whilst at Drayton Park, the starting signal for the platform is held at danger until the pantograph is lowered. Unusually for dual voltage trains, on this stock and its replacement, the Class 717, a shunt resistor is permanently connected to the pantograph. The detection of the small current drawn holds the signal at danger while the pantograph remains in contact with the overhead wire. This current is very audible as it manifests itself as a distinct buzzing noise as an arc is struck and subsequently extinguished as the pantograph lowers. This prevents the driver from powering into the tunnel with the pantograph raised which would cause damage to the train as the pantograph ran off the end of the overhead line and struck the tunnel portal. On journeys from Moorgate traction power is maintained into Drayton Park for the rising gradient. Once the train is at a stand the driver selects AC traction and raises the pantograph. There is no system forcing the driver to change traction supplies beyond the customary 'PANS UP' sign at the end of the platform. If the driver forgets to change to AC no damage will occur to the train or any infrastructure; there will simply be a loss of power as the train runs out of third rail.

Paragraph 14: Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Baháʼís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Baháʼí teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognised Baháʼí socio-economic development projects. For the International Year of the Child Bangladesh Baháʼís established tutorial schools in three villages. By 1987, the number of officially recognised development projects had increased to 1482. The Baháʼís in Bangladesh work to promote their interests and contributions to Bangladesh. Even early on there were village level schools run by the local assembly in the Jessore area. In 1981 the second Bangladesh National Baha'i Women's Conference took place attracting Baháʼí women from Bangladesh, India, Iran, Malaysia and Italy. In 1995 three national newspapers published articles on a public meeting sponsored by the local spiritual assembly of Khulna to mark the founding of the United Nations. Tents on the grounds of the Baháʼí Center there were filled with 50 Baháʼís and 200 guests who listened to speeches and then enjoyed the performance of songs written by Baháʼí youth on the theme of unity and amity among the nations and races of the earth. Some of the students of the New Era Development Institute, an educational NGO in India run by the Baháʼís, have come from the Bangladesh Baháʼí community in 1997. In 1988 Baháʼí doctors setup free treatment camps. In addition to work in groups, some individuals have become well known for their contributions to Bangladesh society. Baháʼí Samarendra Nath Goswami, is well known in Bangladesh as Secretary General of the Bangladesh Minority Lawyers Association and senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court and contributed to founding a law journal and two law schools. In 1994, he edited The Principles of Baháʼí Personal Law which was published by the Bangladesh Law Times. In the early 1990s, Baha'i law was included in the law curriculum of Dhaka University. Payam Akhavan, Baháʼí and a renowned human rights lawyer represented Sheikh Hasina (a once and again Prime Minister of Bangladesh).

Paragraph 15: Years later, Heart is now a fully grown dinosaur with enhanced hunting and martial arts skills, what he demonstrates by beating a whole herd of Titanosaurus, and having a step forward from Gonza's pack. Meanwhile, Light is allowed to return to the herd as Heart doesn't live with them anymore. One day Heart discovers an egg which houses an Ankylosaurus. When the baby hatches, Heart tells him that he is "Umasou" (the Japanese word for delicious), and he prepares to devour him, until the baby jumps and cuddles Heart, believing that Heart was his father and that Umasou was his name, much to Heart's surprise and confusion. He decides to raise him; initially to wait until he fattens enough for him to eat, but he begins to give up this scheme after a bad dream about his old family. Umasou acts very loving toward Heart, but Heart remains emotionally distant to Umasou as he doesn't know exactly how to deal with him. Later Heart goes to hunt a Parasaurolophus, leaving Umasou waiting for him in the grass. A nearby Chilantaisaurus notices him and is about to eat him, but Heart arrives and quickly sends it flying away with a kick. Umasou cheers Heart for saving him, and Heart angrily tells him that the Chilantaisaurus could have eaten him and to stay alert for predators. The next day, Umasou wants to gather berries to eat with his father, while Heart frantically searches for Umasou. He gives up the search and loses hope, but then Umasou returns with the berries like nothing happened. Enraged, Heart yells at Umasou to go away, which makes Umasou cry and tell why he left. Heart notices the berries and apologizes for yelling at him before starting to eat to make him fell better, even starting to be moved. Umasou mentions that he got the berries from an elderly Tyrannosaurus who has grown too old to eat solid food and eats the berries, who will introduce himself as Bekon. The two go to meet him and he explains a part of Baku's story: One day, a massive pack of Giganotosaurus arrived from the south and goes on a rampage, killing everything in their path, forcing Baku to fight them by himself. The battle resulted in him losing an eye and receiving his scar, but he succeeded in defeating the Giganotosaurus and is now the king of the plains. After Bekon ask Heart how he will deal with the fact that Umasou will one day be separated from him due to their respective condition, Heart decides to train Umasou to protect himself from predators.

Paragraph 16:  An epidemic plagued the Province of Cavite in October 1882. Provincial governor Don Juan Salcedo Y Mantilla de los Rios ordered that the feast of the image be postponed until the whole province has been freed from such disaster. At one night, when the Governor was sick and resting, he ordered his guards not to let anyone in his quarters. However, to his surprise, an old lady dressed in black, came knocking at his door. The lady asked him to promise to celebrate the feast of the Virgen de la Soledad with greatest pomp for the epidemic to leave. Dismayed at such untimely request, he agreed and gave the lady some silver coins wrapped in a white handkerchief. After the lady left, he summoned his guards and reprimanded them for letting the old lady in. To their surprise, they told him that they saw no one in the vicinity. At once he himself was healed and he immediately visited the Ermita de Porta Vaga to give thanks to the Miraculous Virgin. To his surprise, he saw the silver coins wrapped in white handkerchief in front of the icon, just as he had given it to the lady. In thanksgiving for healing the whole of Cavite from such malady, he ordered that the feast of the Virgin be celebrated on January 20–21, 1883. He required all leaders of localities in the whole province to participate in the celebrations. On the day of the fiesta, the bells of all churches in Cavite rang to pay homage to their Queen. It was likewise answered by canyons from the Fort San Felipe. All gobernadorcillos of all towns of Cavite together with all of their local officials came with their colorful gala uniforms with their own town's brass bands. All roads of the Cavite Puerto were decorated with ornaments.  The road going to the Ermita de Porta Vaga was piled up with sederas or temporary stores. The whole route of the Virgin's procession were brightly lighted and carpeted with expensive rugs and were covered overhead by canvasses and sails of boats to protect the participants from getting wet in case of rain.

Paragraph 17: The Ka-26 was used by some Warsaw Pact armies in the light paratroop or airborne role, but its slow (150 km/h) cruise speed compared with the Mil-2 (220 km/h) limits its military use.  However, its shorter length (7.75 m) compared with the Mil Mi-2 (11.9 m) and smaller rotor diameter (13 m vs. 14.6 m) are advantageous when operating in an urban area. It has a longer range than the Mil-2 as well. The Ka-26 is eminently useful for crop dusting. The coaxial main rotor configuration, which makes the Ka-26 small and agile, also results in a delicate airflow pattern under the helicopter, providing a thorough, yet mild distribution of chemicals onto plants. The Ka-26 is often used to spray grape farms in Hungary, where conventional "main rotor and tail rotor" layout helicopters would damage or up-root the vine-stocks with their powerful airflow. Hungarian Kamov operators claim that coaxial rotors of the Ka-26 creates an airflow which allows pesticides to settle underneath, rather than on top of, the leaves, this means a much more effective distribution of pesticides, as most pests and parasites do not live on the top side of foliage. Additionally, the coaxial vortex system is symmetrical, allowing the distribution of the pesticide to be more uniform.

Paragraph 18: For Radio Times, Mark Braxton awarded the serial three stars out of five. He stated, "There’s serious intent here: a grim, Euston-Films landscape of deserted docklands; sturdy, open sets; disturbing music; and a high, TV-watchdog-needling body count." He praised the performances of Rodney Bewes and in particular the "top of the form" Maurice Colbourne, and "complexity in the story", which has "gnarly grey areas of the kind that we're more familiar with in the Moffat era", but added "the story doesn't really enlarge the Dalek mythos." He concluded that "parts of the plot seem tacked on and ill-considered: the whole duplicates business makes little sense. And there is so much in the way of homage that Resurrection of the Daleks is less than the sum of its parts. Is it enjoyable? Yes. Does it feel like a proper story? Sadly not." The serial was awarded four stars out of five by Andrew Allen in a review for Cultbox. Allen thought the story bore a closer resemblance to a Blake's 7 episode than a standard Doctor Who story with its "grim-faced mercenaries, disaffected crew members" and "unrelenting body count". Although he thought the "location filming in Wapping looks wonderful", he was critical of "perfunctory" production aspects including the presentation of the Daleks "without fanfare, majesty or indeed a fresh lick of paint", and Davros' introduction "glowering behind a sheet of frosted plastic, unremarked upon for a healthy chunk of screentime". He also thought it was "not a great story to serve as Janet Fielding’s swansong". Overall, he concluded that it was "not the best Dalek story" but "quite far from the worst: full of drive, energy, and quite genuinely never a dull moment."

Paragraph 19: One goal for the developer was to make Mega Man Zero the most challenging out of all the games in the franchise up to that point. The gameplay model and characters act as extensions of the Mega Man X series, which itself expands upon the original Mega Man series. Zero was a secondary protagonist in the Mega Man X storyline. However, Inti Creates started developing Mega Man Zero without the character as the game's focus. Inafune had originally intended for 2000's Mega Man X5 to be the final game in its own series, ending with Zero's death. When Inafune requested that they make Zero its central character, the company complied and inserted Zero into their draft. Though Zero was mostly depicted as a benevolent hero in the X series, the designers wanted to blur the line between good and evil when drawing up the new game's narrative. This meant having Zero and Ciel's resistance feared by humanity as terrorists and making the Four Guardians and Pantheons protectors of the human race. The game's main antagonist was a popular topic of discussion during production, and the developer often sought input from Capcom in this regard. Tsuda jokingly suggested that they make the original X the final boss, an idea that was at first accepted. According to Ito, Inti Creates realized that it "wouldn't sit so well with the young boys and girls that really do see [X] as a hero", so they replaced him with Copy X just one month before release. It was around this time that the writers designated Ciel as Copy X's creator. Complex explanations were added to the timeline to make this consistent with Ciel's young age. Other parts of the storyline were adjusted towards the end of production to allow for a sequel, as the team felt the characters were "quite memorable in their own right".

Paragraph 20:  An epidemic plagued the Province of Cavite in October 1882. Provincial governor Don Juan Salcedo Y Mantilla de los Rios ordered that the feast of the image be postponed until the whole province has been freed from such disaster. At one night, when the Governor was sick and resting, he ordered his guards not to let anyone in his quarters. However, to his surprise, an old lady dressed in black, came knocking at his door. The lady asked him to promise to celebrate the feast of the Virgen de la Soledad with greatest pomp for the epidemic to leave. Dismayed at such untimely request, he agreed and gave the lady some silver coins wrapped in a white handkerchief. After the lady left, he summoned his guards and reprimanded them for letting the old lady in. To their surprise, they told him that they saw no one in the vicinity. At once he himself was healed and he immediately visited the Ermita de Porta Vaga to give thanks to the Miraculous Virgin. To his surprise, he saw the silver coins wrapped in white handkerchief in front of the icon, just as he had given it to the lady. In thanksgiving for healing the whole of Cavite from such malady, he ordered that the feast of the Virgin be celebrated on January 20–21, 1883. He required all leaders of localities in the whole province to participate in the celebrations. On the day of the fiesta, the bells of all churches in Cavite rang to pay homage to their Queen. It was likewise answered by canyons from the Fort San Felipe. All gobernadorcillos of all towns of Cavite together with all of their local officials came with their colorful gala uniforms with their own town's brass bands. All roads of the Cavite Puerto were decorated with ornaments.  The road going to the Ermita de Porta Vaga was piled up with sederas or temporary stores. The whole route of the Virgin's procession were brightly lighted and carpeted with expensive rugs and were covered overhead by canvasses and sails of boats to protect the participants from getting wet in case of rain.

Paragraph 21: Due to Pee Wee, Roque Morales, and Memo Morales leaving the band, much of the promotion had to rely on the tracks recorded by Ricky Rick. All singles were songs which had Rick Rick performing. DJ Kane joined the band in February 2008, after the album recording sessions were completed. DJ Kane would re-record two songs, "Por Ti Baby", replacing featured artist Flex's vocals, and "No Me Haces Falta", replacing Pee Wee's vocals, to promote the album. A.B. Quintanilla and the Kumbia All Starz, with new member DJ Kane, were schedule to perform at the Premio Lo Nuestro 2008 on February 21, 2008. It was promoted as A.B. Quintanilla's first televised live performance in the United States since 2005 and the awards show would also feature a performance by Quintanilla's ex-bandmate, Cruz Martinez, and his band, Los Super Reyes. Due to visa problems, Ricky Rick wasn't able to arrive and Kumbia All Starz' performance was cancelled. They were schedule to perform the single "Por Ti Baby" with guest artist Flex. In March 2008, A.B. Quintanilla and the Kumbia All Starz, as well as Melissa Jiménez, appeared on Cristina Saralegui's El Show del Cristina to promote the album, which featured interviews with A.B. Quintanilla, DJ Kane, Ricky Rick, and Melissa Jiménez. Quintanilla discussed the album as well as Pee Wee's departure. They performed the songs "Me Pase de Copas" and "Rica y Apretadita". Melissa Jiménez became a touring member of Kumbia All Starz and performed live with the group in concerts and television shows during the year to help promote the album. A.B. Quintanilla and the Kumbia All Starz with Melissa Jiménez performed "Rica y Apretadita" at the 2008 Latin Billboard Music Awards on April 10, 2008. On the same night, they were interviewed and performed "Por Ti Baby", "No Me Haces Falta", "Me Pase de Copas", and "Rica y Apretadita", for mun2's Vivo show for a special which aired on June 21, 2008. To promote Planeta Kumbia, A.B. Quintanilla and the Kumbia All Starz would go on tour, with DJ Kane on lead vocals, Ricky Rick on secondary vocals, and Melissa Jiménez on guest vocals for "Rica y Apretadita". The concert format would consist of DJ Kane and Ricky Rick performing songs together, usually starting with "Por Ti Baby", as well as classic hits from the Kumbia Kings era, such as "Shhh!", "No Tengo Dinero", "Boom Boom", and newer songs from the Kumbia All Starz albums, Planeta Kumbia and Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings, Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz, such as "Me Pase de Copas", "Parece Que Va a Llover", "Mami", and would usually end with Ricky Rick and Melissa Jiménez performing "Rica y Apretadita".