Paragraph 1: Witton-le-Wear's last village shop closed in 1998, meaning the village's only permanent amenities are its two public houses, The Dun Cow and the Victoria. There are two churches, the Anglican Church of St Philip and St James, and the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The two churches share a congregation and use each building alternately for services. Witton's original Board School was erected in 1874, and replaced in 1968 with a new primary school in St James Gardens.  There are around 100 pupils attending from Witton-le-Wear and surrounding villages. The original school now provides a Community Centre for the village which is used most days by a variety of groups and organisations.

Paragraph 2: John A. Duckworth recorded the words of Colonel Tuttle just before the charge.  Tuttle told his men, “Now, my bully boys, give them cold steel.  Do not fire a gun until you have got on the inside, then give them hell!  Forward my boys!  March!” At 2:00 p.m. Colonel Tuttle led the advance toward the enemy stronghold.  As ordered, the 2nd Iowa marched in silence, without firing a shot.  The regiment marched in line over the open meadow, through a gully, over a rail fence, and up a hill cluttered with broken trees when suddenly the enemy came into sight and a steady rain of lead poured into the ranks of the brave men.  The 2nd Iowa answered with a deafening roar and continued to advance toward the Confederates despite their losses.  The march was challenging and costly as volley after volley leveled the men of the 2nd Iowa Infantry.  Continuing to absorb the damage from the enemy, the 2nd Iowa marched across the difficult terrain.  Colonel Tuttle and Lieutenant Colonel Baker were both injured in the charge, yet they remained on the field throughout the charge.  Company captains Jonathon Slaymaker and Charles Cloutman were killed in the charge.  When Captain Slaymaker fell and his men tried to help him, he yelled, “Go on! Go on! Don’t stop for me!”  At least five members of the color guard were wounded or killed before Corporal Voltaire Twombly would take the flag and be hit in the chest by a spent ball.  However, he would rise again and charge with the colors until the day was done.  Twombly would be awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions.  Acts of bravery like those mentioned were normal for the men of the 2nd Iowa during the charge.  Despite running for 200 yards under enemy fire, the 2nd Iowa would successfully charge and cross into the enemy's works without firing a single round from their muskets.

Paragraph 3: Visiting many separate websites frequently to find out if the content on the site has been updated can take a long time. Aggregation technology helps to consolidate many websites into one page that can show only the new or updated information from many sites. Aggregators reduce the time and effort needed to regularly check websites for updates, creating a unique information space or personal newspaper. Once subscribed to a feed, an aggregator is able to check for new content at user-determined intervals and retrieve the update. The content is sometimes described as being pulled to the subscriber, as opposed to pushed with email or IM. Unlike recipients of some push information, the aggregator user can easily unsubscribe from a feed. The feeds are often in the RSS or Atom formats which use Extensible Markup Language (XML) to structure pieces of information to be aggregated in a feed reader that displays the information in a user-friendly interface.  Before subscribing to a feed, users have to install either "feed reader" or "news aggregator" applications in order to read it. The aggregator provides a consolidated view of the content in one browser display or desktop application. "Desktop applications offer the advantages of a potentially richer user interface and of being able to provide some content even when the computer is not connected to the Internet. Web-based feed readers offer the great convenience of allowing users to access up-to-date feeds from any Internet-connected computer." Although some applications will have an automated process to subscribe to a news feed, the basic way to subscribe is by simply clicking on the web feed icon and/or text link. Aggregation features are frequently built into web portal sites, in the web browsers themselves, in email applications, or in application software designed specifically for reading feeds. Aggregators with podcasting capabilities can automatically download media files, such as MP3 recordings. In some cases, these can be automatically loaded onto portable media players (like iPods) when they are connected to the end-users computer. By 2011, so-called RSS narrators appeared, which aggregated text-only news feeds, and converted them into audio recordings for offline listening. The syndicated content an aggregator will retrieve and interpret is usually supplied in the form of RSS or other XML-formatted data, such as RDF/XML or Atom.

Paragraph 4: He was elected New York City Comptroller in 1945, becoming the city's first Orthodox Jewish Comptroller, and served until 1954.   He campaigned saying he would work to get the city its fair share of New York State taxes, to clear out slums, to construct new schools, to ease traffic congestion, to make the transportation system more modern, and to increase city-operated health and hospital services. The New York Times praised Joseph after his election on the Democratic-American Labor Party ticket, stating that "In the eleven years that he served as a member of the State Senate, Lazarus Joseph earned a reputation as an expert in budgetary and financial matters and as an authority on real estate law and finance." The November 7, 1945, article goes on to note that he also earned "a wide reputation on budget matters in State Senate sponsored mortgage legislation."  This opinion was echoed by former New York State Governor Herbert H. Lehman, to whom he was a close financial advisor, who called Joseph "an industrious, conscientious and far-sighted public servant. During his terms as Comptroller, Joseph tackled budgetary issues facing the city, facing many years in which the city prospered, and others in which the city did not fare as well. New York City had a series of bond issues during the latter years of Joseph's tenure, and he traveled to Albany to request the governor's assistance in funding the city's budgetary deficits. Some of the issues affecting Joseph that were widely reported included his support for keeping New York City transit fares limited to 10 cents (fares rose to 15 cents in 1953 ($ in current dollar terms)), and the attempted closing of WNYC to curtail budget constraints upon the city. He prodded the city to keep expenditures down, was against borrowing to meet expenses. In September 1947 he led a parade of 15,000 Zionists and Zionist sympathizers as Grand Marshal, before 100,000 Bronxites.

Paragraph 5: Gas stoves today use two basic types of ignition sources, standing pilot and electric. A stove with a standing pilot has a small, continuously burning gas flame (called a pilot light) under the cooktop. The flame is between the front and back burners. When the stove is turned on, this flame lights the gas flowing out of the burners. The advantage of the standing pilot system is that it is simple and completely independent of any outside power source. A minor drawback is that the flames continuously consume fuel even when the stove is not in use. Early gas ovens did not have a pilot. One had to light these manually with a match. If one accidentally left the gas on, gas would fill the oven and eventually the room. A small spark, such as an arc from a light switch being turned on, could ignite the gas, triggering a violent explosion. To prevent these types of accidents, oven manufacturers developed and installed a safety valve called a flame failure device for gas hobs (cooktops) and ovens. The safety valve depends on a thermocouple that sends a signal to the valve to stay open. Although most modern gas stoves have electronic ignition, many households have gas cooking ranges and ovens that need to be lit with a flame. Electric ignition stoves use electric sparks to ignite the surface burners. This is the "clicking sound" audible just before the burner actually lights. The sparks are initiated by turning the gas burner knob to a position typically labeled "LITE" or by pressing the 'ignition' button. Once the burner lights, the knob is turned further to modulate the flame size. Auto reignition is an elegant refinement: the user need not know or understand the wait-then-turn sequence. They simply turn the burner knob to the desired flame size and the sparking is turned off automatically when the flame lights. Auto reignition also provides a safety feature: the flame will be automatically reignited if the flame goes out while the gas is still on—for example by a gust of wind. If the power fails, surface burners must be manually match-lit.

Paragraph 6: Inspired by the Soviet Union, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) also used wall newspapers and posters in their propaganda campaign, as they could be easily produced and reproduced and were written in accessible language conducive to mass mobilization. It was commonly believed that big-character posters originated in Yan'an, the CCP headquarter during the Anti-Japanese War and the subsequent civil war. They not only disseminated news and communist ideas but were also used to purge party officials during the 1942 Rectification Movement. During this early use of big-character posters, both the target and the degree of criticism were strictly controlled by the CCP party units. However, occasionally, though rarely, people also used big-character posters to criticize the CCP. On March 23, 1942, Wang Shiwei, a 36-year-old pro-Communist journalist and writer, posted an essay titled "Two Reflections". Written in large characters, the essay criticized certain party leaders for repressing forms of political dissent. In the next week, several other posters similarly critical of the party also went up, which triggered intense debate among the party leadership. The party did not appreciate such public criticism of its operation, and the writers were punished. In particular, Wang was accused as a "Trotskyist spy" and beheaded in 1947. In 1945, during The 7th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, Mao Zedong reflected on Wang's big-character poster: "We were defeated by him. We acknowledged our defeat and worked hard at rectification."  In 1957, when Mao Zedong had started to use big-character posters to mobilize the masses during the Hundred Flowers Campaign, he looked back to the Yan'an period in his talk at the supreme state conference: "A few big-character posters were written in the Yan'an period, but we didn't promote it. Why? I guess maybe we were a bit foolish back then."

Paragraph 7: "There is no imminent threat of the government being overthrown, but the Taliban has gained momentum," Obama said with respect to the 2009 situation in Afghanistan. "Al Qaeda has not reemerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11, but they retain their safe-havens along the border. And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan Security Forces and better secure the population." On 1 December 2009, Obama therefore announced at The United States Military Academy in West Point that the U.S. will be sending 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan and set July 2011 as the date to begin pulling U.S. forces out of the country. Promising that he could "bring this war to a successful conclusion," Obama set out a strategy that would seek to reverse Taliban gains in large parts of Afghanistan, better protect the Afghan people, increase the pressure on Afghanistan to build its own military capacity and a more effective government and step up attacks on Al Qaeda in Pakistan. The president said the three core elements to the new strategy are "a military effort to create the conditions for a transition; a civilian surge that reinforces positive action; and an effective partnership with Pakistan." The overarching goal was to "disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and to prevent its capacity to threaten America and our allies in the future." The West Point Speech concluded a three-month review of war strategy.  During the review, Obama asked for province-by-province assessments of the Taliban's strength, the effectiveness of provincial Afghan leaders and the overall security outlook to determine how quickly U.S. forces could leave certain regions. In the months leading up to his West Point speech, more precisely at a meeting with the Joint Chiefs of Staff on 30 October 2009 to discuss his troops surge plan, Obama stated that the Afghanistan War is an American war, but he doesn't want to it make an open-ended commitment. Obama also was livid that details of the 3 month Afghanistan War Review discussions were leaking out according to The New York Times. "What I'm not going to tolerate is you talking to the press outside of this room," he scolded his advisers. "It's a disservice to the process, to the country and to the men and women of the military." In addition to the 30,000 additional U.S. troops that Obama announced to deploy to Afghanistan Obama sent an additional 22,000 forces (which were earlier announced in 2009 (compare section above)) along with 11,000 troops that were authorized by his predecessor to Afghanistan.

Paragraph 8: An entry under 682 in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records that "Centwine drove the Britons to the sea". This is the only event recorded in his reign. The Carmina Ecclesiastica of Aldhelm, Bishop of Sherborne (died 709), written a generation after Centwine's reign, records that he won three great battles. In addition, it states that he was a pagan for part of his reign,  adopting Christianity and becoming a patron of the church. The Chronicle's version of his ancestry makes Centwine a son of King Cynegils, and thus a brother of King Cenwalh and maybe of Cwichelm, King of the Gewisse, but Aldhelm does not record any such relationship.

Paragraph 9: A few passengers managed to hold on to railings and make it through the night, later transferring to Big Harcar, including Sarah Dawson (a passenger), who was distraught, holding the bodies of her two dead children (James, 7, and Matilda, 5). Their predicament was spotted at first light by Grace Darling, daughter of William, the keeper of the Longstone Lighthouse, which was situated about  from the wreck site. Grace counted 13 people on Big Harcar. Grace pleaded with her father to go to the rescue, but he initially refused on the grounds that the sea was too rough and the two of them could not possibly manage their only boat in such conditions. After a short breakfast, though, Grace prevailed and they set off in their Northumberland coble, a 21-ft  clinker-built open rowing boat designed for a minimum crew of three strong men. They rowed for some 1,700 yards, mostly in the lee of Great Harcar. On arrival at the wreck site, they found only nine remaining survivors. William left Grace to hold the boat steady whilst he assisted the transfer of three of Forfarshire's crew and Mrs. Dawson to the boat. William, with the aid of two of the rescued crew, then rowed the boat back to the lighthouse while Grace comforted Mrs. Dawson, who had by this time lost the bodies of her two children to the sea. William and the two strongest of the rescued crew then rowed back to the wreck site and rescued the remaining four survivors. The survivors confirmed that 13 had made it to the rock during the night, but four had been swept away shortly before the arrival of Grace and William. Forty-three passengers and crew, including the captain and his wife, perished. Both William and Grace received the Royal National Lifeboat Institution’s Silver Medal in 1838 - the first recipients of this new award. They also received the Gold Medallion from the Royal Humane Society, while Grace additionally received silver medals from the Glasgow Humane Society and the Edinburgh and Leith Humane Society.

Paragraph 10: Gas stoves today use two basic types of ignition sources, standing pilot and electric. A stove with a standing pilot has a small, continuously burning gas flame (called a pilot light) under the cooktop. The flame is between the front and back burners. When the stove is turned on, this flame lights the gas flowing out of the burners. The advantage of the standing pilot system is that it is simple and completely independent of any outside power source. A minor drawback is that the flames continuously consume fuel even when the stove is not in use. Early gas ovens did not have a pilot. One had to light these manually with a match. If one accidentally left the gas on, gas would fill the oven and eventually the room. A small spark, such as an arc from a light switch being turned on, could ignite the gas, triggering a violent explosion. To prevent these types of accidents, oven manufacturers developed and installed a safety valve called a flame failure device for gas hobs (cooktops) and ovens. The safety valve depends on a thermocouple that sends a signal to the valve to stay open. Although most modern gas stoves have electronic ignition, many households have gas cooking ranges and ovens that need to be lit with a flame. Electric ignition stoves use electric sparks to ignite the surface burners. This is the "clicking sound" audible just before the burner actually lights. The sparks are initiated by turning the gas burner knob to a position typically labeled "LITE" or by pressing the 'ignition' button. Once the burner lights, the knob is turned further to modulate the flame size. Auto reignition is an elegant refinement: the user need not know or understand the wait-then-turn sequence. They simply turn the burner knob to the desired flame size and the sparking is turned off automatically when the flame lights. Auto reignition also provides a safety feature: the flame will be automatically reignited if the flame goes out while the gas is still on—for example by a gust of wind. If the power fails, surface burners must be manually match-lit.

Paragraph 11: He was elected New York City Comptroller in 1945, becoming the city's first Orthodox Jewish Comptroller, and served until 1954.   He campaigned saying he would work to get the city its fair share of New York State taxes, to clear out slums, to construct new schools, to ease traffic congestion, to make the transportation system more modern, and to increase city-operated health and hospital services. The New York Times praised Joseph after his election on the Democratic-American Labor Party ticket, stating that "In the eleven years that he served as a member of the State Senate, Lazarus Joseph earned a reputation as an expert in budgetary and financial matters and as an authority on real estate law and finance." The November 7, 1945, article goes on to note that he also earned "a wide reputation on budget matters in State Senate sponsored mortgage legislation."  This opinion was echoed by former New York State Governor Herbert H. Lehman, to whom he was a close financial advisor, who called Joseph "an industrious, conscientious and far-sighted public servant. During his terms as Comptroller, Joseph tackled budgetary issues facing the city, facing many years in which the city prospered, and others in which the city did not fare as well. New York City had a series of bond issues during the latter years of Joseph's tenure, and he traveled to Albany to request the governor's assistance in funding the city's budgetary deficits. Some of the issues affecting Joseph that were widely reported included his support for keeping New York City transit fares limited to 10 cents (fares rose to 15 cents in 1953 ($ in current dollar terms)), and the attempted closing of WNYC to curtail budget constraints upon the city. He prodded the city to keep expenditures down, was against borrowing to meet expenses. In September 1947 he led a parade of 15,000 Zionists and Zionist sympathizers as Grand Marshal, before 100,000 Bronxites.

Paragraph 12: The "ever-loyal and ever-generous" Mary Lee Ware and her mother were drawn into the Glass Flowers enterprise in 1886 when her former teacher, Professor George Goodale, approached them with his idea to populate the new Botanical Museum (of which he was the first director) with Blaschka glass specimens. Being independently wealthy and (already) liberal benefactors of Harvard's botany department, Mary convinced her mother to agree to underwrite the 200 mark consignment, but this was done anonymously at first (and would remain so until 1888). The uncannily lifelike models arrived in the spring of 1887 and enchanted the Wares. Then, that same year, Dr. Charles Ware died, thus filling the two women with the desire to provide Harvard with a donation in his memory. Hence, when the official contract was signed between the Mary and her mother, Leopold and Rudolf, and Harvard, the agreement was that the collection would be a memorial to the now-deceased Doctor: "The first Blaschka glass flowers are formally presented to the Botanical Museum as a memorial to Dr. Charles Eliot Ware, Class of 1834, by his widow Elizabeth C. Ware and daughter Mary L. Ware." Today, there is a large bronze plaque in the exhibit's center formally dedicating it to the nature-loving Doctor, father, and husband. The initial contract signed dictated that the Blaschkas need only work half-time on the models, thus allowing them to continue their work making glass marine invertebrates. However, in 1890, they and Goodale - acting on behalf of the Wares - signed an updated version that allowed Leopold and Rudolf to work on them (the Glass Flowers) full-time; some sources detail the agreement as a shift from a 3-year contract to a 10-year one, agreed to once Goodale convinced Mary and her mother of the wisdom in doing so. It is also noted by Prof. Goodale in the Annual reports of the President and Treasurer of Harvard College 1890-1891 that the updated contract was partly due to the Blaschkas insisting that it was impossible to craft the botanical models for half the year and the marine ones the other half; "they said that they must give up either one or the other." Furthermore, the report notes that the activity of the Blaschka "has been greatly increased by their exclusive devotion to a single a single line of work." Later, in 1889, Leopold made and gifted a bouquet of glass flowers to the Wares which, at some later date, was given to Harvard and is now part of the Glass Flowers exhibit.

Paragraph 13: Oakland's Carl Garrett returned the second half kickoff 62 yards to the Broncos 33-yard line.  On first down, Ken Stabler tried to connect with Cliff Branch in the end zone, but Steve Foley barely managed to deflect the pass away.  Then running back Mark van Eeghen was held to a 1-yard gain, Stabler threw a third down incompletion, and the Raiders decided to punt rather than risk a 49-yard field goal.  Denver took after and drove deep into Raiders territory, with Moses hauling in a 41-yard reception to give the Broncos another scoring chance, but following a bad snap, Turner missed another field goal, this one from 31 yards.  On the next play, Oakland's Clarence Davis lost a fumble that defensive end Brison Manor recovered at the Oakland 17-yard line.  A short carry from fullback Jon Keyworth and Morton's 13-yard completion then moved the ball to the 2. Then running back Rob Lytle was hit in mid-air while trying to dive over the line by Raiders safety Jack Tatum, and lost the ball. Oakland nose tackle Mike McCoy appeared to recover the fumble, but the play was blown dead by an official on the opposite side of the field. The officials (chiefly Ed Marion) ruled that Lytle's forward progress was stopped before the fumble, even though replays clearly showed the ball was knocked free at the moment of contact. Denver retained possession. The Raiders were then penalized half the distance to the goal for arguing the call, and Keyworth scored a Denver touchdown on the next play to give Denver a 14–3 lead.

Paragraph 14: The Council of States accepted the petition and the Legal Affairs Committee approved a motion from MP Claude Janiak backing the right to full joint adoption regardless of marital status or sexual orientation. In November 2011, the committee voted unanimously in favour, including members of the conservative Swiss People's Party. In February 2012, the Federal Council responded by informing the Council of States that they were in favour of stepchild adoption but against full joint adoption rights. On 14 March 2012, the Council of States approved (21–19) the full extension of adoption rights to same-sex couples regardless of marital status or sexual orientation. As the National Council had originally voted against it in September 2011, the bill had to be voted on again by the chamber, which did so on 13 December 2012, as it voted 113–64 to grant a person in a registered partnership the right to adopt biological or adopted children that their partner had before the start of the partnership. However, the motion granting full adoption rights approved by the Council of States was rejected by the National Council. On 4 March 2013, the new version approved by the National Council on 13 December was accepted by the Council of States by a majority of 26–16.

Paragraph 15: Ards were forced to sell their Castlereagh Park home in 1998 to try to reduce their crippling debts. The stadium remained well tended for another three years while ambitious plans for a new ground further down the road were developed. In 2002 Castlereagh Park was demolished, as planned. Ards hoped to play at a new community-owned site, a stone's throw from Castlereagh Park that was due to be developed in 2010 by the local council. This plan has since been shelved, and they are still the nomads of Northern Irish football. During the time since Ards left Castleragh Park, they have shared football grounds at Cliftonville's Solitude and Carrick Rangers' Taylors Avenue, their rivals Bangor's ground, Clandeboye Park and Ballyclare Comrades' ground, Dixon Park.

Paragraph 16: He was the son of Sir Charles Hastings of Willesley Hall, a natural son of Francis Hastings, 10th Earl of Huntingdon. He entered the British Navy in 1805, and was in the Neptune (100) at the Battle of Trafalgar. He also took part in the Battle of New Orleans; but in 1819 a quarrel with his flag captain led to his leaving the service. The revolutionary troubles of the time offered chances of foreign employment. Hastings spent a year on the continent to learn French, and sailed for Greece on 12 March 1822 from Marseilles. On 3 April he reached Hydra. For two years he took part in the naval operations of the Greeks in the Gulf of Smyrna and elsewhere.

Paragraph 17: "There is no imminent threat of the government being overthrown, but the Taliban has gained momentum," Obama said with respect to the 2009 situation in Afghanistan. "Al Qaeda has not reemerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11, but they retain their safe-havens along the border. And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan Security Forces and better secure the population." On 1 December 2009, Obama therefore announced at The United States Military Academy in West Point that the U.S. will be sending 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan and set July 2011 as the date to begin pulling U.S. forces out of the country. Promising that he could "bring this war to a successful conclusion," Obama set out a strategy that would seek to reverse Taliban gains in large parts of Afghanistan, better protect the Afghan people, increase the pressure on Afghanistan to build its own military capacity and a more effective government and step up attacks on Al Qaeda in Pakistan. The president said the three core elements to the new strategy are "a military effort to create the conditions for a transition; a civilian surge that reinforces positive action; and an effective partnership with Pakistan." The overarching goal was to "disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and to prevent its capacity to threaten America and our allies in the future." The West Point Speech concluded a three-month review of war strategy.  During the review, Obama asked for province-by-province assessments of the Taliban's strength, the effectiveness of provincial Afghan leaders and the overall security outlook to determine how quickly U.S. forces could leave certain regions. In the months leading up to his West Point speech, more precisely at a meeting with the Joint Chiefs of Staff on 30 October 2009 to discuss his troops surge plan, Obama stated that the Afghanistan War is an American war, but he doesn't want to it make an open-ended commitment. Obama also was livid that details of the 3 month Afghanistan War Review discussions were leaking out according to The New York Times. "What I'm not going to tolerate is you talking to the press outside of this room," he scolded his advisers. "It's a disservice to the process, to the country and to the men and women of the military." In addition to the 30,000 additional U.S. troops that Obama announced to deploy to Afghanistan Obama sent an additional 22,000 forces (which were earlier announced in 2009 (compare section above)) along with 11,000 troops that were authorized by his predecessor to Afghanistan.

Paragraph 18: Oakland's Carl Garrett returned the second half kickoff 62 yards to the Broncos 33-yard line.  On first down, Ken Stabler tried to connect with Cliff Branch in the end zone, but Steve Foley barely managed to deflect the pass away.  Then running back Mark van Eeghen was held to a 1-yard gain, Stabler threw a third down incompletion, and the Raiders decided to punt rather than risk a 49-yard field goal.  Denver took after and drove deep into Raiders territory, with Moses hauling in a 41-yard reception to give the Broncos another scoring chance, but following a bad snap, Turner missed another field goal, this one from 31 yards.  On the next play, Oakland's Clarence Davis lost a fumble that defensive end Brison Manor recovered at the Oakland 17-yard line.  A short carry from fullback Jon Keyworth and Morton's 13-yard completion then moved the ball to the 2. Then running back Rob Lytle was hit in mid-air while trying to dive over the line by Raiders safety Jack Tatum, and lost the ball. Oakland nose tackle Mike McCoy appeared to recover the fumble, but the play was blown dead by an official on the opposite side of the field. The officials (chiefly Ed Marion) ruled that Lytle's forward progress was stopped before the fumble, even though replays clearly showed the ball was knocked free at the moment of contact. Denver retained possession. The Raiders were then penalized half the distance to the goal for arguing the call, and Keyworth scored a Denver touchdown on the next play to give Denver a 14–3 lead.

Paragraph 19: The novel, which is deliberately disjointed and at times self-contradictory, is the first-person account of an unnamed unreliable narrator. He occasionally gives his name as Nog, but he also implies that Nog is a different person. At the start of the novel, he is living in a shack on a beach, meditating and rehearsing his memories. He is in possession of a fake octopus housed in the back of a truck, which he may have purchased from a man named Nog. His meditation is disrupted when he sees a woman picking shells. He follows her back to her house, where she and her husband are throwing a party. On the way, the narrator also encounters a silly old man, Colonel Green, who is obsessed with maintaining a seawall outside his beach home. After the party, the action shifts to a city, where the narrator is shopping at a supermarket. He follows another woman, Meridith, to a commune run by a man named Lockett, who is alternately presented as an oracle, a drug dealer, a con-man, and a visionary. The narrator lives in a hallway outside a bathroom for a while, lying on a mattress, then moves to the pantry, where he hands out food to people when they approach. Just when he has settled into this way of life, Lockett and Meridith abduct him, and take him with them on a journey. They raid a hospital for drugs; in the process they encounter a senile old man named The General. Lockett then leads the narrator and Meridith into the woods, where he has stored supplies. They float down a river on a raft, then make camp on a ledge. The narrator stays behind while Lockett and Meridith head down into a small mining town. He builds a wall with a bunch of tin cans, and has sex with a woman who wanders by. He then nearly gets shot by a hunter who calls himself Bench. The two men share drugs. Bench then leads the narrator in a raid on the town, which he claims he owns, and which has been taken over by a group of young people. Lockett, now calling himself Nog, has established himself there as a guru. Bench shoot and kills Lockett, and seems to get shot himself. The narrator, now calling himself Lockett, leaves the town with Meridith. They enter a desert, where they meet yet another old man, a hermit named The Captain, who mistakes Nog for Lockett and claims to have known his father. He supplies the couple with tickets to a ship, which they board. There they encounter another old man named The Captain, who also mistakes Nog for Lockett. The novel concludes at sea with the narrator boarding a lifeboat and becoming separated from Meridith. He tells us he "flew to New York."

Paragraph 20: On 1 May 1990, the then transportation unit of Singapore's Public Works Department (PWD) instituted a quota limit to vehicles called the COE when rising affluence in the city-state catapulted land transport network usage and previous measure to curb vehicle ownership by simply increasing road taxes was ineffective in controlling vehicle population growth. The premise was that the small city-state had limited land resources, ie. limited supply of roads and car parks / parking lots, (with scarce land being managed to have a greater emphasis on providing an adequate supply of homes), along with demand for vehicle ownership spiralling out of control, would result in traffic conditions exceeding the criterion of a healthy road network that is sustainable by developments in land transport infrastructure resulting in gridlock. Along with a controversial congestion tax called Electronic Road Pricing, the COE system is one of the key pillars in Singapore's traffic management strategies that aims to provide a sustainable urban quality of life.

Paragraph 21: An entry under 682 in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records that "Centwine drove the Britons to the sea". This is the only event recorded in his reign. The Carmina Ecclesiastica of Aldhelm, Bishop of Sherborne (died 709), written a generation after Centwine's reign, records that he won three great battles. In addition, it states that he was a pagan for part of his reign,  adopting Christianity and becoming a patron of the church. The Chronicle's version of his ancestry makes Centwine a son of King Cynegils, and thus a brother of King Cenwalh and maybe of Cwichelm, King of the Gewisse, but Aldhelm does not record any such relationship.

Paragraph 22: Visiting many separate websites frequently to find out if the content on the site has been updated can take a long time. Aggregation technology helps to consolidate many websites into one page that can show only the new or updated information from many sites. Aggregators reduce the time and effort needed to regularly check websites for updates, creating a unique information space or personal newspaper. Once subscribed to a feed, an aggregator is able to check for new content at user-determined intervals and retrieve the update. The content is sometimes described as being pulled to the subscriber, as opposed to pushed with email or IM. Unlike recipients of some push information, the aggregator user can easily unsubscribe from a feed. The feeds are often in the RSS or Atom formats which use Extensible Markup Language (XML) to structure pieces of information to be aggregated in a feed reader that displays the information in a user-friendly interface.  Before subscribing to a feed, users have to install either "feed reader" or "news aggregator" applications in order to read it. The aggregator provides a consolidated view of the content in one browser display or desktop application. "Desktop applications offer the advantages of a potentially richer user interface and of being able to provide some content even when the computer is not connected to the Internet. Web-based feed readers offer the great convenience of allowing users to access up-to-date feeds from any Internet-connected computer." Although some applications will have an automated process to subscribe to a news feed, the basic way to subscribe is by simply clicking on the web feed icon and/or text link. Aggregation features are frequently built into web portal sites, in the web browsers themselves, in email applications, or in application software designed specifically for reading feeds. Aggregators with podcasting capabilities can automatically download media files, such as MP3 recordings. In some cases, these can be automatically loaded onto portable media players (like iPods) when they are connected to the end-users computer. By 2011, so-called RSS narrators appeared, which aggregated text-only news feeds, and converted them into audio recordings for offline listening. The syndicated content an aggregator will retrieve and interpret is usually supplied in the form of RSS or other XML-formatted data, such as RDF/XML or Atom.

Paragraph 23: For over 30 years, Gold has been producing and directing documentaries. In 1996 she formed the production company AndersonGold films, Inc. with Kelly Anderson. In 2011 she produced PASSIONATE POLITICS about the life and work of feminist activist Charlotte Bunch. In 2010 she directed (with Larry Shore, Producer/Director) RFK in the Land of Apartheid: A Ripple of Hope, a documentary about Robert F. Kennedy's visit to South Africa in 1966 and the connection between the anti-apartheid struggle and the Civil Rights Movement in the United States. In 2006, Gold produced and directed a video about the popular struggle in Oaxaca, Mexico, Land Rain and Fire (with Gerardo Renique), which aired internationally on Spanish-language TV. She authored a companion article A Rainbow in the Midst of a Hurricane (Radical Teacher 2008). In 2004, Gold produced and directed Every Mother's Son (with Kelly Anderson), which won the Tribeca Film Festival Audience Award and was broadcast on the PBS series P.O.V. In 2000, Gold produced and directed Making a Killing (with Kelly Anderson), a documentary on the marketing practices of the tobacco industry in the developing world. Making a Killing premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival, was screened for delegates at the World Health Organization and aired on television in Nigeria, Serbia, Lagos and Vietnam. In 1998 Gold produced and directed Another Brother, the story of an African American Vietnam Veteran which aired on PBS; in 1992 she produced Juggling Gender: Politics, Sex and Identity about Jennifer Miller, which premiered at the New York Film Festival's video series and was broadcast on public television stations; Out at Work: Lesbians and Gay men on the Job, which screened at the Sundance Film Festival and was shown on HBO and authored a companion article, Making Out at Work; Signed Sealed and Delivered, Labor Struggle in the Post Office, aired on PBS and Looking for Love: Teenage Mothers among others. She is the recipient of a Rockefeller Fellowship, Guggenheim Fellowship, Video Arts Fellowships from the New Jersey and New York State Councils on the Arts, the Excellence in the Arts Award from the Manhattan Borough President, and the American Film Institute's Independent Filmmakers Production Fellowship. Her work has screened at the Museum of Modern Art, the Whiney Museum, The Chicago Arts Institute, The Kennedy Center, The American Film Institute, The British Film Institute and The Public Theater among others. Gold is a professor at Hunter College and the Hunter Chapter Chair of the PSC CUNY. She has four daughters and five grandchildren.

Paragraph 24: A few passengers managed to hold on to railings and make it through the night, later transferring to Big Harcar, including Sarah Dawson (a passenger), who was distraught, holding the bodies of her two dead children (James, 7, and Matilda, 5). Their predicament was spotted at first light by Grace Darling, daughter of William, the keeper of the Longstone Lighthouse, which was situated about  from the wreck site. Grace counted 13 people on Big Harcar. Grace pleaded with her father to go to the rescue, but he initially refused on the grounds that the sea was too rough and the two of them could not possibly manage their only boat in such conditions. After a short breakfast, though, Grace prevailed and they set off in their Northumberland coble, a 21-ft  clinker-built open rowing boat designed for a minimum crew of three strong men. They rowed for some 1,700 yards, mostly in the lee of Great Harcar. On arrival at the wreck site, they found only nine remaining survivors. William left Grace to hold the boat steady whilst he assisted the transfer of three of Forfarshire's crew and Mrs. Dawson to the boat. William, with the aid of two of the rescued crew, then rowed the boat back to the lighthouse while Grace comforted Mrs. Dawson, who had by this time lost the bodies of her two children to the sea. William and the two strongest of the rescued crew then rowed back to the wreck site and rescued the remaining four survivors. The survivors confirmed that 13 had made it to the rock during the night, but four had been swept away shortly before the arrival of Grace and William. Forty-three passengers and crew, including the captain and his wife, perished. Both William and Grace received the Royal National Lifeboat Institution’s Silver Medal in 1838 - the first recipients of this new award. They also received the Gold Medallion from the Royal Humane Society, while Grace additionally received silver medals from the Glasgow Humane Society and the Edinburgh and Leith Humane Society.

Paragraph 25: He was the son of Sir Charles Hastings of Willesley Hall, a natural son of Francis Hastings, 10th Earl of Huntingdon. He entered the British Navy in 1805, and was in the Neptune (100) at the Battle of Trafalgar. He also took part in the Battle of New Orleans; but in 1819 a quarrel with his flag captain led to his leaving the service. The revolutionary troubles of the time offered chances of foreign employment. Hastings spent a year on the continent to learn French, and sailed for Greece on 12 March 1822 from Marseilles. On 3 April he reached Hydra. For two years he took part in the naval operations of the Greeks in the Gulf of Smyrna and elsewhere.

Paragraph 26: He was elected New York City Comptroller in 1945, becoming the city's first Orthodox Jewish Comptroller, and served until 1954.   He campaigned saying he would work to get the city its fair share of New York State taxes, to clear out slums, to construct new schools, to ease traffic congestion, to make the transportation system more modern, and to increase city-operated health and hospital services. The New York Times praised Joseph after his election on the Democratic-American Labor Party ticket, stating that "In the eleven years that he served as a member of the State Senate, Lazarus Joseph earned a reputation as an expert in budgetary and financial matters and as an authority on real estate law and finance." The November 7, 1945, article goes on to note that he also earned "a wide reputation on budget matters in State Senate sponsored mortgage legislation."  This opinion was echoed by former New York State Governor Herbert H. Lehman, to whom he was a close financial advisor, who called Joseph "an industrious, conscientious and far-sighted public servant. During his terms as Comptroller, Joseph tackled budgetary issues facing the city, facing many years in which the city prospered, and others in which the city did not fare as well. New York City had a series of bond issues during the latter years of Joseph's tenure, and he traveled to Albany to request the governor's assistance in funding the city's budgetary deficits. Some of the issues affecting Joseph that were widely reported included his support for keeping New York City transit fares limited to 10 cents (fares rose to 15 cents in 1953 ($ in current dollar terms)), and the attempted closing of WNYC to curtail budget constraints upon the city. He prodded the city to keep expenditures down, was against borrowing to meet expenses. In September 1947 he led a parade of 15,000 Zionists and Zionist sympathizers as Grand Marshal, before 100,000 Bronxites.

Paragraph 27: The novel, which is deliberately disjointed and at times self-contradictory, is the first-person account of an unnamed unreliable narrator. He occasionally gives his name as Nog, but he also implies that Nog is a different person. At the start of the novel, he is living in a shack on a beach, meditating and rehearsing his memories. He is in possession of a fake octopus housed in the back of a truck, which he may have purchased from a man named Nog. His meditation is disrupted when he sees a woman picking shells. He follows her back to her house, where she and her husband are throwing a party. On the way, the narrator also encounters a silly old man, Colonel Green, who is obsessed with maintaining a seawall outside his beach home. After the party, the action shifts to a city, where the narrator is shopping at a supermarket. He follows another woman, Meridith, to a commune run by a man named Lockett, who is alternately presented as an oracle, a drug dealer, a con-man, and a visionary. The narrator lives in a hallway outside a bathroom for a while, lying on a mattress, then moves to the pantry, where he hands out food to people when they approach. Just when he has settled into this way of life, Lockett and Meridith abduct him, and take him with them on a journey. They raid a hospital for drugs; in the process they encounter a senile old man named The General. Lockett then leads the narrator and Meridith into the woods, where he has stored supplies. They float down a river on a raft, then make camp on a ledge. The narrator stays behind while Lockett and Meridith head down into a small mining town. He builds a wall with a bunch of tin cans, and has sex with a woman who wanders by. He then nearly gets shot by a hunter who calls himself Bench. The two men share drugs. Bench then leads the narrator in a raid on the town, which he claims he owns, and which has been taken over by a group of young people. Lockett, now calling himself Nog, has established himself there as a guru. Bench shoot and kills Lockett, and seems to get shot himself. The narrator, now calling himself Lockett, leaves the town with Meridith. They enter a desert, where they meet yet another old man, a hermit named The Captain, who mistakes Nog for Lockett and claims to have known his father. He supplies the couple with tickets to a ship, which they board. There they encounter another old man named The Captain, who also mistakes Nog for Lockett. The novel concludes at sea with the narrator boarding a lifeboat and becoming separated from Meridith. He tells us he "flew to New York."

Paragraph 28: He was the son of Sir Charles Hastings of Willesley Hall, a natural son of Francis Hastings, 10th Earl of Huntingdon. He entered the British Navy in 1805, and was in the Neptune (100) at the Battle of Trafalgar. He also took part in the Battle of New Orleans; but in 1819 a quarrel with his flag captain led to his leaving the service. The revolutionary troubles of the time offered chances of foreign employment. Hastings spent a year on the continent to learn French, and sailed for Greece on 12 March 1822 from Marseilles. On 3 April he reached Hydra. For two years he took part in the naval operations of the Greeks in the Gulf of Smyrna and elsewhere.