Paragraph 1: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 2: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 3: In 1992 EMAP was reorganizing their games magazines. Mean Machines was split into two, The One for ST Games was incorporated into Europress's ST Action, and ACE magazine closed. ACE magazine closing meant that there was a well-respected team available. To give The One a new direction and look, the original staff were moved on (speculation suggests they were moved to assist with the launch of ST Review magazine) and the ACE writers took their place. The change of The One was evident with magazines' relaunch.  The new editor Jim Douglas and his team produced the new magazine from May 1992, with its shortened logo THE ONE, with the subtitle "Incorporating all the best of ACE". As the subtitle suggested, the magazine layout and content was essentially The One with some of the content of ACE, together producing an entirely new magazine.

Paragraph 4: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 5: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 6: Roger is found signing charters at Canterbury and Dover in 1156. Next year, according to Powell, he received from Henry II a grant of whatever lands he could conquer in South Wales. This is probably only an expansion of the statement of the Welsh chronicles that in this year (about 1 June) he entered Cardigan and 'stored' the castles of Humfrey, Aberdyfi, Dineir, and Rhystud. Rhys ap Gruffydd, the prince of South Wales, appears to have complained to Henry II of these encroachments ; but being unable to obtain redress from the king of England sent his nephew Einion ab Anarawd to attack Humfrey and the other Norman fortresses. The 'Annales Cambriæ seem to assign these events to the year 1159 ; and the 'Brut' adds that Prince Rhys burnt all the French castles in Cardigan.

Paragraph 7: Smith was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. He was the nephew of Nathaniel Smith and Nathan Smith. Smith completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1815, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity. He studied law at Litchfield Law School and was admitted to the bar in 1818, commencing practice in Litchfield, Connecticut. He married Maria Cook on June 2, 1832, and they had three children, Catherine Marie Smith, Jeannie Penniman (Jane) Smith, and George Webster Smith. His wife, Marie, died on April 20, 1849. He married Mary Ann Dickinson Walker on November 7, 1850, by whom he had six children, Truman Houston Smith, Samuel Hubbard Smith, Edmond Dickinson Smith, Robert Shufeldt Smith, Henry Humphry Smith, and Allen Hoyt Smith.

Paragraph 8: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 9: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 10: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 11: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 12: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 13: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 14: The  Kolathiri  Dominion  emerged  into  independent 10 principalities i.e., Kadathanadu (Vadakara), Randathara or Poyanad (Dharmadom), Kottayam (Thalassery), Nileshwaram, Iruvazhinadu (Panoor), Kurumbranad etc.,   under   separate   royal   chieftains   due   to   the   outcome   of   internal dissensions. The Nileshwaram dynasty on the northernmost part of Kolathiri dominion, were relatives to both Kolathunadu as well as Zamorin of Calicut, in the early medieval period. The  origin  of  Kottayam Royal Family (the Kottayam referred here is Kottayam-Malabar near Thalassery, not to be confused with Kottayam in Southern Kerala)   is  lost  in  obscurity. It  has been stated that the Raja of Kottayam setup a semi-independent principality of his  own  at  the  expense  of  Kolathiris.  In  the  10th  century  AD,  the  region comprised erstwhile Taluks of Kottayam, Wayanad and Gudallur was called Puraikizhanad  and  its  feudal lord  Puraikizhars.  The  Thirunelly  Inscriptions refer  to  the  division  of  Puraikizhar  Family  into  two  branches  viz.,  Elder (Muthukur)  and  Younger  (Elamkur)  in  the  beginning  of  the  11th  century.  In 17th  century  Kottayam-Malabar  was  the  Capital  of  Puraikizhanad  (Puranattukara) Rajas. It was divided into three branches i.e., Eastern, Western and Southern under separate dignitaries known as Mootha, Elaya and Munnarkur Rajas. The Kottayam Rajas extended their influence up to the border of Kodagu. By the end of the  17th  century,  they  shared  the  area  of  Thalassery  Taluk  with  the Iruvazhinadu Nambiars and were in possession of North Wayanad and the small Village  of  Thamarassery  which  formed  the  Eastern  portion  of the  present Vadakara, Quilandy and Thamarassery Taluks.

Paragraph 15: The film, released on DVD in 2014 as part of a boxset also containitng Melancholie der Engel (2009) and Reise nach Agatis (2010), deals with the everyday life of a man, Carsten (), who works on the set of the 2004 Ulli Lommel film Zombie Nation. At the same time, he is planning to realize his own film, a task he finds extremely difficult. First, he tries to place casting ads in a supermarket. During his daily work on the film set, the man seems frustrated. Also, he is isolated in his private life, and spends his time by watching and masturbating to his opulent VHS film collection of homosexual rape pornography and films such as Cesare Canevari’s 1977 Gestapo’s Last Orgy, Dennis Donnelly's 1978 The Toolbox Murders, Werner Herzog’s 1974 The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, Peter Schamoni’s 1976 , and Rino Di Silvestro’s 1976 Werewolf Woman, and tinkering with props for his own planned film. He also likes to read Astrid Proll’s works about Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof and the writings of Eduard Mörike. In his spare time, he shoots photos of animal cadavers while playing with them, also partly collecting them to take home with him, as he seems to have sexual attraction to them, and rapes women (Martina Adora, Stefanie Müller, and Carina Palmer) in the woods while they urinate. He indulges in several disturbing sexual fetishes including defecating, urinating, necrophilia, bestiality, anal fisting, rape, murder, nose-picking, and other unspeakable acts. He is in regular contact with a prostitute, Patrizia (Patrizia Johann), who puts an enema into her anus and defecates into a bucket while placing the man onto a table, shoving her fist into his anus and pulling feces out of there while he is putting the bucket to his face. By telephone, he also stays in contact with Jesús Franco, , Peter Martell, and David Hess (who composed most of this film's score). After a while, he actually contacted a woman, Franziska (Alexandra Dumas), who read his advertisement in the supermarket. They arrange a meeting in the man's house. When he tells her what he is supposed to do in his film, the woman gets scared and wants to leave the house. Then, Carsten overwhelms her and kills her by strangling her with a telephone cord and beating her head. Afterwards, he films himself as he is sexually aroused by her corpse. He cuts her nipples off in graphic detail and uses his scalpel to cut the dead woman's clitoris off. He then takes the scalpel and peels the skin off one of her fingers and eats the pieces of dismembered skin. The film ends with a scene showing Carsten burning the same woman's body and going jogging, as in the first shot of this film.

Paragraph 16: Roger is found signing charters at Canterbury and Dover in 1156. Next year, according to Powell, he received from Henry II a grant of whatever lands he could conquer in South Wales. This is probably only an expansion of the statement of the Welsh chronicles that in this year (about 1 June) he entered Cardigan and 'stored' the castles of Humfrey, Aberdyfi, Dineir, and Rhystud. Rhys ap Gruffydd, the prince of South Wales, appears to have complained to Henry II of these encroachments ; but being unable to obtain redress from the king of England sent his nephew Einion ab Anarawd to attack Humfrey and the other Norman fortresses. The 'Annales Cambriæ seem to assign these events to the year 1159 ; and the 'Brut' adds that Prince Rhys burnt all the French castles in Cardigan.

Paragraph 17: Roger is found signing charters at Canterbury and Dover in 1156. Next year, according to Powell, he received from Henry II a grant of whatever lands he could conquer in South Wales. This is probably only an expansion of the statement of the Welsh chronicles that in this year (about 1 June) he entered Cardigan and 'stored' the castles of Humfrey, Aberdyfi, Dineir, and Rhystud. Rhys ap Gruffydd, the prince of South Wales, appears to have complained to Henry II of these encroachments ; but being unable to obtain redress from the king of England sent his nephew Einion ab Anarawd to attack Humfrey and the other Norman fortresses. The 'Annales Cambriæ seem to assign these events to the year 1159 ; and the 'Brut' adds that Prince Rhys burnt all the French castles in Cardigan.

Paragraph 18: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 19: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 20: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 21: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 22: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 23: Smith was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. He was the nephew of Nathaniel Smith and Nathan Smith. Smith completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1815, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity. He studied law at Litchfield Law School and was admitted to the bar in 1818, commencing practice in Litchfield, Connecticut. He married Maria Cook on June 2, 1832, and they had three children, Catherine Marie Smith, Jeannie Penniman (Jane) Smith, and George Webster Smith. His wife, Marie, died on April 20, 1849. He married Mary Ann Dickinson Walker on November 7, 1850, by whom he had six children, Truman Houston Smith, Samuel Hubbard Smith, Edmond Dickinson Smith, Robert Shufeldt Smith, Henry Humphry Smith, and Allen Hoyt Smith.

Paragraph 24: The film, released on DVD in 2014 as part of a boxset also containitng Melancholie der Engel (2009) and Reise nach Agatis (2010), deals with the everyday life of a man, Carsten (), who works on the set of the 2004 Ulli Lommel film Zombie Nation. At the same time, he is planning to realize his own film, a task he finds extremely difficult. First, he tries to place casting ads in a supermarket. During his daily work on the film set, the man seems frustrated. Also, he is isolated in his private life, and spends his time by watching and masturbating to his opulent VHS film collection of homosexual rape pornography and films such as Cesare Canevari’s 1977 Gestapo’s Last Orgy, Dennis Donnelly's 1978 The Toolbox Murders, Werner Herzog’s 1974 The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, Peter Schamoni’s 1976 , and Rino Di Silvestro’s 1976 Werewolf Woman, and tinkering with props for his own planned film. He also likes to read Astrid Proll’s works about Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof and the writings of Eduard Mörike. In his spare time, he shoots photos of animal cadavers while playing with them, also partly collecting them to take home with him, as he seems to have sexual attraction to them, and rapes women (Martina Adora, Stefanie Müller, and Carina Palmer) in the woods while they urinate. He indulges in several disturbing sexual fetishes including defecating, urinating, necrophilia, bestiality, anal fisting, rape, murder, nose-picking, and other unspeakable acts. He is in regular contact with a prostitute, Patrizia (Patrizia Johann), who puts an enema into her anus and defecates into a bucket while placing the man onto a table, shoving her fist into his anus and pulling feces out of there while he is putting the bucket to his face. By telephone, he also stays in contact with Jesús Franco, , Peter Martell, and David Hess (who composed most of this film's score). After a while, he actually contacted a woman, Franziska (Alexandra Dumas), who read his advertisement in the supermarket. They arrange a meeting in the man's house. When he tells her what he is supposed to do in his film, the woman gets scared and wants to leave the house. Then, Carsten overwhelms her and kills her by strangling her with a telephone cord and beating her head. Afterwards, he films himself as he is sexually aroused by her corpse. He cuts her nipples off in graphic detail and uses his scalpel to cut the dead woman's clitoris off. He then takes the scalpel and peels the skin off one of her fingers and eats the pieces of dismembered skin. The film ends with a scene showing Carsten burning the same woman's body and going jogging, as in the first shot of this film.

Paragraph 25: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 26: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 27: The  Kolathiri  Dominion  emerged  into  independent 10 principalities i.e., Kadathanadu (Vadakara), Randathara or Poyanad (Dharmadom), Kottayam (Thalassery), Nileshwaram, Iruvazhinadu (Panoor), Kurumbranad etc.,   under   separate   royal   chieftains   due   to   the   outcome   of   internal dissensions. The Nileshwaram dynasty on the northernmost part of Kolathiri dominion, were relatives to both Kolathunadu as well as Zamorin of Calicut, in the early medieval period. The  origin  of  Kottayam Royal Family (the Kottayam referred here is Kottayam-Malabar near Thalassery, not to be confused with Kottayam in Southern Kerala)   is  lost  in  obscurity. It  has been stated that the Raja of Kottayam setup a semi-independent principality of his  own  at  the  expense  of  Kolathiris.  In  the  10th  century  AD,  the  region comprised erstwhile Taluks of Kottayam, Wayanad and Gudallur was called Puraikizhanad  and  its  feudal lord  Puraikizhars.  The  Thirunelly  Inscriptions refer  to  the  division  of  Puraikizhar  Family  into  two  branches  viz.,  Elder (Muthukur)  and  Younger  (Elamkur)  in  the  beginning  of  the  11th  century.  In 17th  century  Kottayam-Malabar  was  the  Capital  of  Puraikizhanad  (Puranattukara) Rajas. It was divided into three branches i.e., Eastern, Western and Southern under separate dignitaries known as Mootha, Elaya and Munnarkur Rajas. The Kottayam Rajas extended their influence up to the border of Kodagu. By the end of the  17th  century,  they  shared  the  area  of  Thalassery  Taluk  with  the Iruvazhinadu Nambiars and were in possession of North Wayanad and the small Village  of  Thamarassery  which  formed  the  Eastern  portion  of the  present Vadakara, Quilandy and Thamarassery Taluks.

Paragraph 28: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 29: The  Kolathiri  Dominion  emerged  into  independent 10 principalities i.e., Kadathanadu (Vadakara), Randathara or Poyanad (Dharmadom), Kottayam (Thalassery), Nileshwaram, Iruvazhinadu (Panoor), Kurumbranad etc.,   under   separate   royal   chieftains   due   to   the   outcome   of   internal dissensions. The Nileshwaram dynasty on the northernmost part of Kolathiri dominion, were relatives to both Kolathunadu as well as Zamorin of Calicut, in the early medieval period. The  origin  of  Kottayam Royal Family (the Kottayam referred here is Kottayam-Malabar near Thalassery, not to be confused with Kottayam in Southern Kerala)   is  lost  in  obscurity. It  has been stated that the Raja of Kottayam setup a semi-independent principality of his  own  at  the  expense  of  Kolathiris.  In  the  10th  century  AD,  the  region comprised erstwhile Taluks of Kottayam, Wayanad and Gudallur was called Puraikizhanad  and  its  feudal lord  Puraikizhars.  The  Thirunelly  Inscriptions refer  to  the  division  of  Puraikizhar  Family  into  two  branches  viz.,  Elder (Muthukur)  and  Younger  (Elamkur)  in  the  beginning  of  the  11th  century.  In 17th  century  Kottayam-Malabar  was  the  Capital  of  Puraikizhanad  (Puranattukara) Rajas. It was divided into three branches i.e., Eastern, Western and Southern under separate dignitaries known as Mootha, Elaya and Munnarkur Rajas. The Kottayam Rajas extended their influence up to the border of Kodagu. By the end of the  17th  century,  they  shared  the  area  of  Thalassery  Taluk  with  the Iruvazhinadu Nambiars and were in possession of North Wayanad and the small Village  of  Thamarassery  which  formed  the  Eastern  portion  of the  present Vadakara, Quilandy and Thamarassery Taluks.

Paragraph 30: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 31: The film, released on DVD in 2014 as part of a boxset also containitng Melancholie der Engel (2009) and Reise nach Agatis (2010), deals with the everyday life of a man, Carsten (), who works on the set of the 2004 Ulli Lommel film Zombie Nation. At the same time, he is planning to realize his own film, a task he finds extremely difficult. First, he tries to place casting ads in a supermarket. During his daily work on the film set, the man seems frustrated. Also, he is isolated in his private life, and spends his time by watching and masturbating to his opulent VHS film collection of homosexual rape pornography and films such as Cesare Canevari’s 1977 Gestapo’s Last Orgy, Dennis Donnelly's 1978 The Toolbox Murders, Werner Herzog’s 1974 The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, Peter Schamoni’s 1976 , and Rino Di Silvestro’s 1976 Werewolf Woman, and tinkering with props for his own planned film. He also likes to read Astrid Proll’s works about Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof and the writings of Eduard Mörike. In his spare time, he shoots photos of animal cadavers while playing with them, also partly collecting them to take home with him, as he seems to have sexual attraction to them, and rapes women (Martina Adora, Stefanie Müller, and Carina Palmer) in the woods while they urinate. He indulges in several disturbing sexual fetishes including defecating, urinating, necrophilia, bestiality, anal fisting, rape, murder, nose-picking, and other unspeakable acts. He is in regular contact with a prostitute, Patrizia (Patrizia Johann), who puts an enema into her anus and defecates into a bucket while placing the man onto a table, shoving her fist into his anus and pulling feces out of there while he is putting the bucket to his face. By telephone, he also stays in contact with Jesús Franco, , Peter Martell, and David Hess (who composed most of this film's score). After a while, he actually contacted a woman, Franziska (Alexandra Dumas), who read his advertisement in the supermarket. They arrange a meeting in the man's house. When he tells her what he is supposed to do in his film, the woman gets scared and wants to leave the house. Then, Carsten overwhelms her and kills her by strangling her with a telephone cord and beating her head. Afterwards, he films himself as he is sexually aroused by her corpse. He cuts her nipples off in graphic detail and uses his scalpel to cut the dead woman's clitoris off. He then takes the scalpel and peels the skin off one of her fingers and eats the pieces of dismembered skin. The film ends with a scene showing Carsten burning the same woman's body and going jogging, as in the first shot of this film.

Paragraph 32: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 33: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 34: The  Kolathiri  Dominion  emerged  into  independent 10 principalities i.e., Kadathanadu (Vadakara), Randathara or Poyanad (Dharmadom), Kottayam (Thalassery), Nileshwaram, Iruvazhinadu (Panoor), Kurumbranad etc.,   under   separate   royal   chieftains   due   to   the   outcome   of   internal dissensions. The Nileshwaram dynasty on the northernmost part of Kolathiri dominion, were relatives to both Kolathunadu as well as Zamorin of Calicut, in the early medieval period. The  origin  of  Kottayam Royal Family (the Kottayam referred here is Kottayam-Malabar near Thalassery, not to be confused with Kottayam in Southern Kerala)   is  lost  in  obscurity. It  has been stated that the Raja of Kottayam setup a semi-independent principality of his  own  at  the  expense  of  Kolathiris.  In  the  10th  century  AD,  the  region comprised erstwhile Taluks of Kottayam, Wayanad and Gudallur was called Puraikizhanad  and  its  feudal lord  Puraikizhars.  The  Thirunelly  Inscriptions refer  to  the  division  of  Puraikizhar  Family  into  two  branches  viz.,  Elder (Muthukur)  and  Younger  (Elamkur)  in  the  beginning  of  the  11th  century.  In 17th  century  Kottayam-Malabar  was  the  Capital  of  Puraikizhanad  (Puranattukara) Rajas. It was divided into three branches i.e., Eastern, Western and Southern under separate dignitaries known as Mootha, Elaya and Munnarkur Rajas. The Kottayam Rajas extended their influence up to the border of Kodagu. By the end of the  17th  century,  they  shared  the  area  of  Thalassery  Taluk  with  the Iruvazhinadu Nambiars and were in possession of North Wayanad and the small Village  of  Thamarassery  which  formed  the  Eastern  portion  of the  present Vadakara, Quilandy and Thamarassery Taluks.

Paragraph 35: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 36: York has claimed to be an extraterrestrial master teacher from the planet Rizq. He wrote, "We have been coming to this planet before it had your life form on it. ... My incarnation as an Ilah Mutajassid or Avatara was originally in the year 1945 A.D. In order to get here I travelled by one of the smaller passenger crafts called SHAM out of a Motherplane called MERKABAH or NIBIRU." This version of York came to Earth on March 16, 1970. (Comet Bennett, which was visible on that date, is said to have really been York's spacecraft.) York taught that the Motherplane/NIBIRU would launch the Crystal City or New Jerusalem (see: Book of Revelation 21:2) to our solar system from its position in Orion. A 40-year process of taking the 144,000 Chosen Few (see: Book of Revelation 14:1) — 12,000 each from the Twelve Tribes of Israel — into the Planet Craft NIBIRU began on August 12, 2003, and will end on August 12, 2043. These Chosen Few will be groomed for 1,000 years and returned to Earth for the final battle against the Luciferians and also to redeem man from the 6,000-year rulership of the Devil and his seed.

Paragraph 37: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 38: Smith was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. He was the nephew of Nathaniel Smith and Nathan Smith. Smith completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1815, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity. He studied law at Litchfield Law School and was admitted to the bar in 1818, commencing practice in Litchfield, Connecticut. He married Maria Cook on June 2, 1832, and they had three children, Catherine Marie Smith, Jeannie Penniman (Jane) Smith, and George Webster Smith. His wife, Marie, died on April 20, 1849. He married Mary Ann Dickinson Walker on November 7, 1850, by whom he had six children, Truman Houston Smith, Samuel Hubbard Smith, Edmond Dickinson Smith, Robert Shufeldt Smith, Henry Humphry Smith, and Allen Hoyt Smith.

Paragraph 39: McCallum has released 18 solo CDs, and her recordings of the music of Liszt and her CDs of French piano music have recently been re-released as boxed sets. Her recording of all of Beethoven's bagatelles for piano contains the published sets of Bagatelles, Opp. 33, 119 and 126, Bagatelle No. 25, WoO 59 ("Für Elise"), and also the first recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that Beethoven wrote, never before published or even catalogued (the piece was edited by Stephanie's husband, the musicologist Peter McCallum). She has specialized in virtuosic nineteenth-century music, particularly of Alkan and of contemporary solo and ensemble music. She made the first recording of Alkan's Studies in all the Major Keys, Op. 35, and subsequently recorded Alkan's Studies in all the Minor Keys, Op. 39, being the first pianist to record both sets. In 2013, during the centenary of Alkan's birth, she released recordings of all five Books of Alkan's Chants, along with other previously unrecorded music by this composer. Her performances of Xenakis's Herma, and Brian Ferneyhough's Lemma Icon Epigram have received critical acclaim. She has released CDs of the music of Liszt, Weber, Alkan, Schumann, Magnard, Pierre Boulez, Xenakis and of contemporary Australian composers. In addition to Alkan and Boulez, she has recorded much other music by French composers: Satie, Magnard, Vincent d'Indy, Maurice Ravel and Guy Ropartz. McCallum records on a number of period pianos by Anton Walter and Sébastien Érard.

Paragraph 40: Roger is found signing charters at Canterbury and Dover in 1156. Next year, according to Powell, he received from Henry II a grant of whatever lands he could conquer in South Wales. This is probably only an expansion of the statement of the Welsh chronicles that in this year (about 1 June) he entered Cardigan and 'stored' the castles of Humfrey, Aberdyfi, Dineir, and Rhystud. Rhys ap Gruffydd, the prince of South Wales, appears to have complained to Henry II of these encroachments ; but being unable to obtain redress from the king of England sent his nephew Einion ab Anarawd to attack Humfrey and the other Norman fortresses. The 'Annales Cambriæ seem to assign these events to the year 1159 ; and the 'Brut' adds that Prince Rhys burnt all the French castles in Cardigan.

Paragraph 41: In 1992 EMAP was reorganizing their games magazines. Mean Machines was split into two, The One for ST Games was incorporated into Europress's ST Action, and ACE magazine closed. ACE magazine closing meant that there was a well-respected team available. To give The One a new direction and look, the original staff were moved on (speculation suggests they were moved to assist with the launch of ST Review magazine) and the ACE writers took their place. The change of The One was evident with magazines' relaunch.  The new editor Jim Douglas and his team produced the new magazine from May 1992, with its shortened logo THE ONE, with the subtitle "Incorporating all the best of ACE". As the subtitle suggested, the magazine layout and content was essentially The One with some of the content of ACE, together producing an entirely new magazine.

Paragraph 42: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 43: NYU Grossman School of Medicine is home to many key advancements in medical education. In 1854, human dissection in New York was legalized due to efforts of the faculty. In 1866, NYU professors produced a report for the Council of Hygiene and Public Health which led to establishment of New York City's Health Department. The same year, NYU opened the first outpatient clinic in the United States. In 1872, NYU Professor Steven Smith founded the American Public Health Association. In 1884, the Carnegie Laboratory, the first facility in the U.S. devoted to teaching and research in bacteriology and pathology, was established at NYU. In 1899, NYU graduate Walter Reed discovered the mosquito transmission of yellow fever. In 1932, the first department of forensic medicine in the U.S. was established at NYU. During World War II, NYU College of Medicine was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1941, NYU opened the first department of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the U.S. In 1948, the Institute of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation is established by Howard A. Rusk.  In 1955, Jonas Salk, MD, developed the first vaccine against polio, and in 1957, Albert B. Sabin developed a live-virus vaccine against polio, which, when administered orally, effectively eliminated polio in the U.S. The Institute and Department of Environmental Medicine were established in 1964. In 1980, NYU professor Saul Krugman, M.D., developed the first vaccine against hepatitis B.

Paragraph 44: The film, released on DVD in 2014 as part of a boxset also containitng Melancholie der Engel (2009) and Reise nach Agatis (2010), deals with the everyday life of a man, Carsten (), who works on the set of the 2004 Ulli Lommel film Zombie Nation. At the same time, he is planning to realize his own film, a task he finds extremely difficult. First, he tries to place casting ads in a supermarket. During his daily work on the film set, the man seems frustrated. Also, he is isolated in his private life, and spends his time by watching and masturbating to his opulent VHS film collection of homosexual rape pornography and films such as Cesare Canevari’s 1977 Gestapo’s Last Orgy, Dennis Donnelly's 1978 The Toolbox Murders, Werner Herzog’s 1974 The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, Peter Schamoni’s 1976 , and Rino Di Silvestro’s 1976 Werewolf Woman, and tinkering with props for his own planned film. He also likes to read Astrid Proll’s works about Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof and the writings of Eduard Mörike. In his spare time, he shoots photos of animal cadavers while playing with them, also partly collecting them to take home with him, as he seems to have sexual attraction to them, and rapes women (Martina Adora, Stefanie Müller, and Carina Palmer) in the woods while they urinate. He indulges in several disturbing sexual fetishes including defecating, urinating, necrophilia, bestiality, anal fisting, rape, murder, nose-picking, and other unspeakable acts. He is in regular contact with a prostitute, Patrizia (Patrizia Johann), who puts an enema into her anus and defecates into a bucket while placing the man onto a table, shoving her fist into his anus and pulling feces out of there while he is putting the bucket to his face. By telephone, he also stays in contact with Jesús Franco, , Peter Martell, and David Hess (who composed most of this film's score). After a while, he actually contacted a woman, Franziska (Alexandra Dumas), who read his advertisement in the supermarket. They arrange a meeting in the man's house. When he tells her what he is supposed to do in his film, the woman gets scared and wants to leave the house. Then, Carsten overwhelms her and kills her by strangling her with a telephone cord and beating her head. Afterwards, he films himself as he is sexually aroused by her corpse. He cuts her nipples off in graphic detail and uses his scalpel to cut the dead woman's clitoris off. He then takes the scalpel and peels the skin off one of her fingers and eats the pieces of dismembered skin. The film ends with a scene showing Carsten burning the same woman's body and going jogging, as in the first shot of this film.

Paragraph 45: Roger is found signing charters at Canterbury and Dover in 1156. Next year, according to Powell, he received from Henry II a grant of whatever lands he could conquer in South Wales. This is probably only an expansion of the statement of the Welsh chronicles that in this year (about 1 June) he entered Cardigan and 'stored' the castles of Humfrey, Aberdyfi, Dineir, and Rhystud. Rhys ap Gruffydd, the prince of South Wales, appears to have complained to Henry II of these encroachments ; but being unable to obtain redress from the king of England sent his nephew Einion ab Anarawd to attack Humfrey and the other Norman fortresses. The 'Annales Cambriæ seem to assign these events to the year 1159 ; and the 'Brut' adds that Prince Rhys burnt all the French castles in Cardigan.

Paragraph 46: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.

Paragraph 47: Smith was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. He was the nephew of Nathaniel Smith and Nathan Smith. Smith completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1815, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity. He studied law at Litchfield Law School and was admitted to the bar in 1818, commencing practice in Litchfield, Connecticut. He married Maria Cook on June 2, 1832, and they had three children, Catherine Marie Smith, Jeannie Penniman (Jane) Smith, and George Webster Smith. His wife, Marie, died on April 20, 1849. He married Mary Ann Dickinson Walker on November 7, 1850, by whom he had six children, Truman Houston Smith, Samuel Hubbard Smith, Edmond Dickinson Smith, Robert Shufeldt Smith, Henry Humphry Smith, and Allen Hoyt Smith.

Paragraph 48: Smith was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. He was the nephew of Nathaniel Smith and Nathan Smith. Smith completed preparatory studies and graduated from Yale College in 1815, where he was a member of Brothers in Unity. He studied law at Litchfield Law School and was admitted to the bar in 1818, commencing practice in Litchfield, Connecticut. He married Maria Cook on June 2, 1832, and they had three children, Catherine Marie Smith, Jeannie Penniman (Jane) Smith, and George Webster Smith. His wife, Marie, died on April 20, 1849. He married Mary Ann Dickinson Walker on November 7, 1850, by whom he had six children, Truman Houston Smith, Samuel Hubbard Smith, Edmond Dickinson Smith, Robert Shufeldt Smith, Henry Humphry Smith, and Allen Hoyt Smith.

Paragraph 49: In his second tournament of the year, Smith reached the semi-finals of Auckland Outdoor grand prix event, defeating home country favourite Kelly Evernden in the quarters before falling to World No. 26 Amos Mansdorf.  At the Australian Open, Smith managed to take the second set before losing in four to World No. 5 Stefan Edberg.  The following month, Smith helped the Bahamas Davis Cup team win their first-ever tie, 5−0 over Venezuela.  Smith handily defeated Juan Carlos Bianchi in the first rubber before combining John Farrington to win the doubles 10−8 in the fifth.  (Farrington was chosen over a then still 17 years of age Mark Knowles, who won the second singles rubber).  In April, the Bahamas equalled this success, winning 5−0 over the Dominican Republic, as Smith again won the first rubber and the doubles partnering Farrington.   In May he competed for the first time in the main draws at Roland Garros, losing soundly in straight sets to an up-and-coming Michael Stich, and in doubles partnering Brad Pearce.  In his next tournament however, the Bristol Open, Smith and partner Nduka Odizor reached the semi-finals.  Despite going winless in grand prix events, he continued to have success in doubles during the North American hard court season, reaching the semi-finals of the Player's International in Canada and the third round of the US Open, on both occasions partnering Frenchman Jean-Philippe Fleurian.  Then in October playing with Todd Nelson, Smith reached the finals of the grand prix event in Toulouse and the semi-finals in Vienna.  Then in November Smith finally found success in singles, winning the Bossonnens Challenger, for the second time in three years.  In the final he defeated future World No. 2 Petr Korda in three sets.  On 18 December, Smith was World No. 187 in singles and No. 95 in doubles.