Paragraph 1: Roma is one of a number of “modern” colonias such as Colonia Juárez, Santa María la Ribera and Colonia San Rafael, which were built on what was the western edge of the city in the late 19th and early 20th centuries for wealthy residents looking to escape the city center. The streets and houses were designed and built based on European styles, which can still be seen today, especially on Orizaba, Alvaro Obregon, Colima and Tonalá Streets, where the older facades are best conserved. These were homes of bankers, factory owners, politicians, artists and businessmen who worked in the city center but lived here. Like its sister colonias, Roma has since lost many of its original mansion homes, but it has resisted this loss better. Today, there are an estimated 1,100 structures which date from the 1930s or earlier, compared to the 500 to 600 the remain in Santa María la Ribera and Colonia Juárez. Most of the area's historically and architecturally significant structures were built between 1906 and 1939. These earlier structures include examples of Neo-colonial (which imitate the styles built during Mexico's colonial period) and Art Deco, but most are “Porfirian,” meaning that they are a mix of French, Roman, Gothic and Moorish elements which were all fashionable in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. One of these old mansions was the home of television personality Paco Stanley, who says he bought the structure because of its “small friendly ghosts,” naming it “La Princesita” or The Little Princess. Stanley uses the property both as living space and office. These houses and streets have provided the backdrop for films such as Los Olvidados, filmed in La Romita by Luis Buñuel and literary works such as Batallas en el desierto by José Emilio Pacheco, Agua Quemada by Carlos Fuentes, Manifestacion de Silencios by Arturo Azuela and El Vampiro de la Colonia Roma by Luis Zapata.

Paragraph 2: The earliest record of European contact with the Kitselas was in the 1700s with Russian missionaries and fur traders. In 1792, British explorer George Vancouver mapped the coast of British Columbia for more trading ships to arrive and more traders ventured inland. This directly affected the Kitselas because it meant more people would be venturing onto their land. This would worsen in 1843 when the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) created boundaries in British Columbia which essentially divided up native land in order for it to be settled or used by the British. The Kitselas held a strategic position on the Skeena River that allowed them to control trade with HBC because the river flowed inland from the coast. In 1858, James Douglas became the first governor of British Columbia and mapped out the Indian reserves. In 1859, the Skeena pass was claimed by William Downie for railroads, which meant more exploration along the Skeena River and Kitselas land continued to decrease. In 1864, Douglas was replaced by Joseph Trutch who reduced the size of reservations and created policies that were meant to discriminate against Indians. In 1867, the Constitution Act was passed which said that Canada was responsible for natives and that they had to reserve land for them. In 1872, the British took control of the Skeena River from the Kitselas, so they could no longer charge for people to enter the canyon. Tsimshian and Nisga’a Chiefs travel to Victoria in 1887 to plead for treaties and self governance, but are not obliged. In 1901, Kitselas Reserve territory was finalized and their land was reduced from 220,000 hectares to 1200 hectares. In 1904, the Homestead Act claimed that anybody except natives and Chinese could have 160 acres of land anywhere along the Skeena River for free. In 1927, Canada made it illegal for natives to fight for their land. In 1931, Tsimshian and Haida formed the Native Brotherhood where they discussed their grievances and this group still exists today. In 1946, the flu epidemic killed many Kitselas political leaders and the fight for their rights did not start again until the 1980s. In 1951, the Indian Act was changed and potlatch and claims to land were made legal again. In 1982, the Constitution Act recognized the rights of Indians. In 1984, Tsimshian Tribal Council was formed of 7 bands in the Northwest and together they would fight for the rights and lands that they had taken away from them by the British.

Paragraph 3: The first season aired earlier in the United States than elsewhere, thus in early 1993, Rysher TPE, the distributor that had sold the series to the American market, had to make a decision about financing a new season. At this point, the European partners still had not aired the first season, so the decision fell to Rysher. Willing to take the risk, Rysher announced that it would produce a second season. The France/Canada co-production agreement of the previous season was reconstituted, albeit with some different partners. Gaumont Television (France), Rysher TPE (United States) and Reteitalia (Italy) agreed to renew their participation to a new season. French leading channel TF1 was forced to cancel its participation because it was no longer legally allowed to qualify a show filmed in English as French content, and was replaced by French smaller channel M6, which was still allowed to do so. RTL Plus (Germany) and Amuse Video (Japan) were also no longer part of the co-production, but Gaumont Television president Christian Charret signed Filmline International (Canada) as a new partner. As a result of this new co-production agreement, with less wealthy partners, the budget of the season decreased from US$26.1 million the previous year to $22 million. Half of the funding came from French and other European sources; income per episode from international sales, which had reached $800,000 in the previous season, decreased as well. According to The Hollywood Reporter, pre-production started in April 1993, and filming in June the same year. Like the first season, the second season was divided into two segments; the first segment was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (as the fictional city of Seacouver, Washington, United States), and the second in Paris, France, to secure an acceptable share of European content as part of the co-production agreement. Creatively, the second season was intended to be more action-oriented than the first, but lead actor Adrian Paul refused to do "another kung fu series", insisting that more romance and history be brought in the scripts.

Paragraph 4: With the arrival of new manager Gordon Strachan at the start of season 2005–06, Wallace made his first appearance of the season, starting a match against Artmedia Bratislava in the second leg of the UEFA Champions League second qualifying round and set up the second goal of the game for John Hartson before being substituted in the 54th minute, in a 4–0 win that was not enough for Celtic to overcome a 5–0 deficit from the away leg. However, despite announcing his intention to fight for his first team place, he found himself on the sidelines for the first few months and found his playing time, coming from the substitute bench. On 3 December 2005, Strachan began to play Wallace at left-back position in place of Mo Camara and he started his first match in the position, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 win against Aberdeen. However, this turned out to be a strange selection given Wallace's slight build and inexperience of playing in a defensive role. Strachan persisted with this team selection for several weeks to the bemusement of fans who could clearly see the player's lack of aptitude for playing in defence. This further highlighted his lack of positional awareness in playing in defence when he scored an own goal in the New Year game against Hearts at Tynecastle, although the club still won 3–2 on 1 January 2006. Towards the end of the season, new signing Mark Wilson replaced him at left back even though it was not his natural position (Wilson is a right back). But Wallace played in the Scottish League Cup Final at a left back position against Dunfermline Athletic, due to Wilson being cup-tied and Celtic won 3–0. He later made two appearances later in the 2005–06 season and despite being dropped from the first team, his contributions saw the club win the league. At the end of the 2005–06 season, Wallace went on to make fourteen appearances in all competitions.

Paragraph 5: During the Iron Age (50 BC - 1400 AD) and before the arrival of the Portuguese, the island was densely settled. The most important evidence of human occupation comes from the area of Nandá, near the eastern coast, where dozens of prehistoric burials have been excavated. These burials belong to two different periods: Early Iron Age (50 BC - 450 AD) and Middle Iron Age (1000-1150 AD). During the first period, the islanders deposited bundles of human bones and iron implements (axes, bracelets, spears, spoons, iron currency) in shallow pits dug in the sand. During the second period, tombs have been documented where the corpses (not preserved) lay surrounded by pots, probably containing food and alcoholic beverages. The deceased were interred with their adornments (collars, bracelets and anklets) and a few personal possessions (knives and adzes).

Paragraph 6: With the arrival of new manager Gordon Strachan at the start of season 2005–06, Wallace made his first appearance of the season, starting a match against Artmedia Bratislava in the second leg of the UEFA Champions League second qualifying round and set up the second goal of the game for John Hartson before being substituted in the 54th minute, in a 4–0 win that was not enough for Celtic to overcome a 5–0 deficit from the away leg. However, despite announcing his intention to fight for his first team place, he found himself on the sidelines for the first few months and found his playing time, coming from the substitute bench. On 3 December 2005, Strachan began to play Wallace at left-back position in place of Mo Camara and he started his first match in the position, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 win against Aberdeen. However, this turned out to be a strange selection given Wallace's slight build and inexperience of playing in a defensive role. Strachan persisted with this team selection for several weeks to the bemusement of fans who could clearly see the player's lack of aptitude for playing in defence. This further highlighted his lack of positional awareness in playing in defence when he scored an own goal in the New Year game against Hearts at Tynecastle, although the club still won 3–2 on 1 January 2006. Towards the end of the season, new signing Mark Wilson replaced him at left back even though it was not his natural position (Wilson is a right back). But Wallace played in the Scottish League Cup Final at a left back position against Dunfermline Athletic, due to Wilson being cup-tied and Celtic won 3–0. He later made two appearances later in the 2005–06 season and despite being dropped from the first team, his contributions saw the club win the league. At the end of the 2005–06 season, Wallace went on to make fourteen appearances in all competitions.

Paragraph 7: In the meantime, Samaresh meets Dr. Kripalani (the hospital superintendent who doesn't like Krishnendu at all) and promised him the Principal's post if he can finish Krishnedu's career. Dr. Kripalani involved Meghna (a second year student and grand daughter of the famous and influential Dr. Subol Majumdar) in his evil plan to frame Krishnedu and defame his character. Meghna requested Krishnendu's help in her study and met him at a secluded place and pretended to be sick all on a sudden. When Krishnendu tried to help her, a photographer hired by Kriplani took some deceptively intimate photographs of Krishnendu and Meghna. As soon as Krishnendu understood that he had been framed he left the place hurriedly and was hit by a speeding car! He was admitted in critical condition to BIMS hospital. Juni requested everybody to conceal Krishnedu's identity so that Samaresh can operate Krishnendu and save his life. In the meantime, Ronit (a newly appointed doctor at BIMS) joined hand with Meghna so that Juni and Krishnendu could be separated from each other. When Kanika discovered that Samaresh is Juni's father, she asked Krishnendu not to keep any relation with Juni any more. Ranit conspired with Meghna and showed Krishnendu and Meghna's intimate photos to Juni, which filled her heart with hatred for Krishnendu and decides to marry Ronit. Kanika's illness brought Juni and Krishnendu together again, and finally Krishnendu proved her innocence to Juni by showing a video that was shot along with the photographs by the same person. Juni blackmailed her mother Malabika to confess that Samaresh lied in the court to send Saradindu in to jail for rape and attempt to murder of nurse Arunima who was working in the same Blue Paradise Nurshing home where Saradindu and Samaresh were working as doctors. Juni started investigating on her own the truth behind Saradindu's conviction.  Samaresh, Dr. Kriplani and Ronit framed Krishnedu again while he flouted hospital norms my treating an injured person (father of a student of BIMS) when no doctors were available. And Krishnendu was expelled from BIMS. All the students of BIMS protested against Krishnendu's rustication and were arrested as they sat on a hunger strike. At that point, being desperate to save Krishnedu's career, Juni struck a deal with Meghna and promised to go out of Krishnendu's life for ever. Meghna requested her grandpa Subol Majumdar, who used his influence to get Krishnendu back to BIMS once again and finally Meghna and Krishnendu became good friends. Subol Majumdar, who is respected by all, had some evil plans as well. At Subol's quarter Krishnedu got a letter written by Arunima with the allegation that Saradindu raped and tried to kill Arunima and because of this offence Saradindu is serving the jail sentence, that fills Krishnendu's heart with hatred for his father Saradindu. Juni's weird behaviour (of distancing herself from Krishnedu) and hatred for his own father, made Krishnendu almost insane.

Paragraph 8: Vasanth lies to his parents that he is going for a vacation computer course and leaves for Kolkata along with his friend Ganesh, to find Heena knowing only her name. He searches for her in many colleges and finally finds her. She is happy to see Vasanth again and takes him to her home and introduces him to her mother (Rati Agnihotri) while her brother left before his arrival. It is revealed that her brother (Sonu Sood) is the mastermind in the plot to kill Gajapathy, which is not known by his family. He learns about the arrival of Vasanth and plans to kill him, without knowing he saved his sister. Both Vasanth and Heena become close which is disliked by her mother. She urges Heena to keep away from him which disappoints Heena. Vasanth expresses his love for her. Heena finds out the real identity of her brother and fears that he might kill Vasanth and so she pretends to reject him. Vasanth is hurt by her rejection but does not back off, hoping to win her love one day. Heena informs Gajapathy about all the incidents and makes him  come to Kolkata to take away his son. Gajapathy insists that Vasanth come with him and he unwillingly accepts. Heena's brother learns about Vasanth and Gajapathy and chases after them to kill them. Heena struggles to save them, but Vasanth does not co-operate with her as he wants her to accept him. Heena finally confesses her love and reveals that her behavior is because of her brother's true identity and intentions, which shatters Heena's mother. She unites both of them and asks them to leave the place. Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena's brother catches them. and he is arrested by police. The film ends with Vasanth and Heena united.

Paragraph 9: Roma is one of a number of “modern” colonias such as Colonia Juárez, Santa María la Ribera and Colonia San Rafael, which were built on what was the western edge of the city in the late 19th and early 20th centuries for wealthy residents looking to escape the city center. The streets and houses were designed and built based on European styles, which can still be seen today, especially on Orizaba, Alvaro Obregon, Colima and Tonalá Streets, where the older facades are best conserved. These were homes of bankers, factory owners, politicians, artists and businessmen who worked in the city center but lived here. Like its sister colonias, Roma has since lost many of its original mansion homes, but it has resisted this loss better. Today, there are an estimated 1,100 structures which date from the 1930s or earlier, compared to the 500 to 600 the remain in Santa María la Ribera and Colonia Juárez. Most of the area's historically and architecturally significant structures were built between 1906 and 1939. These earlier structures include examples of Neo-colonial (which imitate the styles built during Mexico's colonial period) and Art Deco, but most are “Porfirian,” meaning that they are a mix of French, Roman, Gothic and Moorish elements which were all fashionable in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. One of these old mansions was the home of television personality Paco Stanley, who says he bought the structure because of its “small friendly ghosts,” naming it “La Princesita” or The Little Princess. Stanley uses the property both as living space and office. These houses and streets have provided the backdrop for films such as Los Olvidados, filmed in La Romita by Luis Buñuel and literary works such as Batallas en el desierto by José Emilio Pacheco, Agua Quemada by Carlos Fuentes, Manifestacion de Silencios by Arturo Azuela and El Vampiro de la Colonia Roma by Luis Zapata.

Paragraph 10: Vasanth lies to his parents that he is going for a vacation computer course and leaves for Kolkata along with his friend Ganesh, to find Heena knowing only her name. He searches for her in many colleges and finally finds her. She is happy to see Vasanth again and takes him to her home and introduces him to her mother (Rati Agnihotri) while her brother left before his arrival. It is revealed that her brother (Sonu Sood) is the mastermind in the plot to kill Gajapathy, which is not known by his family. He learns about the arrival of Vasanth and plans to kill him, without knowing he saved his sister. Both Vasanth and Heena become close which is disliked by her mother. She urges Heena to keep away from him which disappoints Heena. Vasanth expresses his love for her. Heena finds out the real identity of her brother and fears that he might kill Vasanth and so she pretends to reject him. Vasanth is hurt by her rejection but does not back off, hoping to win her love one day. Heena informs Gajapathy about all the incidents and makes him  come to Kolkata to take away his son. Gajapathy insists that Vasanth come with him and he unwillingly accepts. Heena's brother learns about Vasanth and Gajapathy and chases after them to kill them. Heena struggles to save them, but Vasanth does not co-operate with her as he wants her to accept him. Heena finally confesses her love and reveals that her behavior is because of her brother's true identity and intentions, which shatters Heena's mother. She unites both of them and asks them to leave the place. Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena's brother catches them. and he is arrested by police. The film ends with Vasanth and Heena united.

Paragraph 11: The Isetta was not a great success in Italy. Therefore, Renzo Rivolta decided to license the project abroad. The result was the VELAM Isetta for the French market and the Romi Isetta for the Brazilian and South American markets in general, and then the BMW Isetta. The Bavarian company was far from being a healthy company due to an unfavorable post-war reorganization and the unsuccessful high-end models it offered after the war. The launch of the BMW 250, i.e., the BMW-branded Isetta, was much more successful than in Italy. In the end, a total of 160,000 units were produced and sold.

Paragraph 12: The concerto begins with the double basses softly arpeggiating an ambiguous harmony (E-A-D-G) being the background to an unusual solo of the contrabassoon. Although these notes are later given great structural weight, they are also the four open strings on the double bass, creating the illusion at the start that the orchestra is still tuning up. As is traditional in a concerto, the thematic material is presented first in the orchestra and then echoed by the piano. Not so traditional is the dramatic piano cadenza which first introduces the soloist and prefigures the piano's statement of the opening material. This material includes both an A and a B theme, though the B theme receives little exposure. An additional theme introduced at the beginning exhibits several similarities to the Dies irae chant.

Paragraph 13: The first season aired earlier in the United States than elsewhere, thus in early 1993, Rysher TPE, the distributor that had sold the series to the American market, had to make a decision about financing a new season. At this point, the European partners still had not aired the first season, so the decision fell to Rysher. Willing to take the risk, Rysher announced that it would produce a second season. The France/Canada co-production agreement of the previous season was reconstituted, albeit with some different partners. Gaumont Television (France), Rysher TPE (United States) and Reteitalia (Italy) agreed to renew their participation to a new season. French leading channel TF1 was forced to cancel its participation because it was no longer legally allowed to qualify a show filmed in English as French content, and was replaced by French smaller channel M6, which was still allowed to do so. RTL Plus (Germany) and Amuse Video (Japan) were also no longer part of the co-production, but Gaumont Television president Christian Charret signed Filmline International (Canada) as a new partner. As a result of this new co-production agreement, with less wealthy partners, the budget of the season decreased from US$26.1 million the previous year to $22 million. Half of the funding came from French and other European sources; income per episode from international sales, which had reached $800,000 in the previous season, decreased as well. According to The Hollywood Reporter, pre-production started in April 1993, and filming in June the same year. Like the first season, the second season was divided into two segments; the first segment was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (as the fictional city of Seacouver, Washington, United States), and the second in Paris, France, to secure an acceptable share of European content as part of the co-production agreement. Creatively, the second season was intended to be more action-oriented than the first, but lead actor Adrian Paul refused to do "another kung fu series", insisting that more romance and history be brought in the scripts.

Paragraph 14: The first season aired earlier in the United States than elsewhere, thus in early 1993, Rysher TPE, the distributor that had sold the series to the American market, had to make a decision about financing a new season. At this point, the European partners still had not aired the first season, so the decision fell to Rysher. Willing to take the risk, Rysher announced that it would produce a second season. The France/Canada co-production agreement of the previous season was reconstituted, albeit with some different partners. Gaumont Television (France), Rysher TPE (United States) and Reteitalia (Italy) agreed to renew their participation to a new season. French leading channel TF1 was forced to cancel its participation because it was no longer legally allowed to qualify a show filmed in English as French content, and was replaced by French smaller channel M6, which was still allowed to do so. RTL Plus (Germany) and Amuse Video (Japan) were also no longer part of the co-production, but Gaumont Television president Christian Charret signed Filmline International (Canada) as a new partner. As a result of this new co-production agreement, with less wealthy partners, the budget of the season decreased from US$26.1 million the previous year to $22 million. Half of the funding came from French and other European sources; income per episode from international sales, which had reached $800,000 in the previous season, decreased as well. According to The Hollywood Reporter, pre-production started in April 1993, and filming in June the same year. Like the first season, the second season was divided into two segments; the first segment was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada (as the fictional city of Seacouver, Washington, United States), and the second in Paris, France, to secure an acceptable share of European content as part of the co-production agreement. Creatively, the second season was intended to be more action-oriented than the first, but lead actor Adrian Paul refused to do "another kung fu series", insisting that more romance and history be brought in the scripts.

Paragraph 15: The earliest record of European contact with the Kitselas was in the 1700s with Russian missionaries and fur traders. In 1792, British explorer George Vancouver mapped the coast of British Columbia for more trading ships to arrive and more traders ventured inland. This directly affected the Kitselas because it meant more people would be venturing onto their land. This would worsen in 1843 when the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) created boundaries in British Columbia which essentially divided up native land in order for it to be settled or used by the British. The Kitselas held a strategic position on the Skeena River that allowed them to control trade with HBC because the river flowed inland from the coast. In 1858, James Douglas became the first governor of British Columbia and mapped out the Indian reserves. In 1859, the Skeena pass was claimed by William Downie for railroads, which meant more exploration along the Skeena River and Kitselas land continued to decrease. In 1864, Douglas was replaced by Joseph Trutch who reduced the size of reservations and created policies that were meant to discriminate against Indians. In 1867, the Constitution Act was passed which said that Canada was responsible for natives and that they had to reserve land for them. In 1872, the British took control of the Skeena River from the Kitselas, so they could no longer charge for people to enter the canyon. Tsimshian and Nisga’a Chiefs travel to Victoria in 1887 to plead for treaties and self governance, but are not obliged. In 1901, Kitselas Reserve territory was finalized and their land was reduced from 220,000 hectares to 1200 hectares. In 1904, the Homestead Act claimed that anybody except natives and Chinese could have 160 acres of land anywhere along the Skeena River for free. In 1927, Canada made it illegal for natives to fight for their land. In 1931, Tsimshian and Haida formed the Native Brotherhood where they discussed their grievances and this group still exists today. In 1946, the flu epidemic killed many Kitselas political leaders and the fight for their rights did not start again until the 1980s. In 1951, the Indian Act was changed and potlatch and claims to land were made legal again. In 1982, the Constitution Act recognized the rights of Indians. In 1984, Tsimshian Tribal Council was formed of 7 bands in the Northwest and together they would fight for the rights and lands that they had taken away from them by the British.

Paragraph 16: Roma is one of a number of “modern” colonias such as Colonia Juárez, Santa María la Ribera and Colonia San Rafael, which were built on what was the western edge of the city in the late 19th and early 20th centuries for wealthy residents looking to escape the city center. The streets and houses were designed and built based on European styles, which can still be seen today, especially on Orizaba, Alvaro Obregon, Colima and Tonalá Streets, where the older facades are best conserved. These were homes of bankers, factory owners, politicians, artists and businessmen who worked in the city center but lived here. Like its sister colonias, Roma has since lost many of its original mansion homes, but it has resisted this loss better. Today, there are an estimated 1,100 structures which date from the 1930s or earlier, compared to the 500 to 600 the remain in Santa María la Ribera and Colonia Juárez. Most of the area's historically and architecturally significant structures were built between 1906 and 1939. These earlier structures include examples of Neo-colonial (which imitate the styles built during Mexico's colonial period) and Art Deco, but most are “Porfirian,” meaning that they are a mix of French, Roman, Gothic and Moorish elements which were all fashionable in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. One of these old mansions was the home of television personality Paco Stanley, who says he bought the structure because of its “small friendly ghosts,” naming it “La Princesita” or The Little Princess. Stanley uses the property both as living space and office. These houses and streets have provided the backdrop for films such as Los Olvidados, filmed in La Romita by Luis Buñuel and literary works such as Batallas en el desierto by José Emilio Pacheco, Agua Quemada by Carlos Fuentes, Manifestacion de Silencios by Arturo Azuela and El Vampiro de la Colonia Roma by Luis Zapata.

Paragraph 17: During the Iron Age (50 BC - 1400 AD) and before the arrival of the Portuguese, the island was densely settled. The most important evidence of human occupation comes from the area of Nandá, near the eastern coast, where dozens of prehistoric burials have been excavated. These burials belong to two different periods: Early Iron Age (50 BC - 450 AD) and Middle Iron Age (1000-1150 AD). During the first period, the islanders deposited bundles of human bones and iron implements (axes, bracelets, spears, spoons, iron currency) in shallow pits dug in the sand. During the second period, tombs have been documented where the corpses (not preserved) lay surrounded by pots, probably containing food and alcoholic beverages. The deceased were interred with their adornments (collars, bracelets and anklets) and a few personal possessions (knives and adzes).

Paragraph 18: In the 2005 Broadway revival of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street Cerveris played the title role, and was nominated for the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Drama League Award, and received a Drama Critics Circle citation. In this John Doyle production, the actors also played instruments, with Cerveris playing lyric guitar. In the Broadway musical LoveMusik (2007) he appeared as Kurt Weill, and received Tony, Drama Desk, Outer Critics, and Drama League Award nominations. In 2007 he played Kent in King Lear at the Off-Broadway Public Theater, receiving a Drama League Award nomination. Cerveris played Posthumus Leonatus in the Broadway revival of Cymbeline from December 2, 2007, to January 6, 2008. He appeared Off-Broadway in the Stephen Sondheim-John Weidman musical Road Show at the Public Theater in 2008 as Wilson Mizner. Cerveris appeared opposite Mary-Louise Parker in the limited Roundabout Theatre Company production of Hedda Gabler from January 2009 to March 2009. He next played Dr. Givings in the Broadway comedy by Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room (or The Vibrator Play), starting in October 2009. From March 2012 to January 2013, Cerveris played Perón in the Broadway revival of Evita. Then, from 2015 to 2016, he played the role of Bruce Bechdel in the Broadway musical Fun Home winning the 2015 Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical.

Paragraph 19: This does not sit well with Joe's fence, Mickey Bergman, who runs a garment business as a front. After accruing a number of expenses in setting up another robbery, Bergman decides to withhold the payment due to Joe and his crew. He insists they go through with the other job — robbing an airplane carrying a large shipment of gold. Bergman further insists that his nephew, Jimmy Silk, be a part of the crew. Joe accepts, but a series of shifting loyalties changes the complexity of their task, including Jimmy's interest in Joe's wife and Bergman and Jimmy's belief that Joe's skills are declining.

Paragraph 20:  – In August John Cruger (senior), who later became Mayor of New York city in the mid-18th century, was seeking slaves for the Prophet Daniel's trip back to New York from Madagascar stopped in Fort Dauphin. He accompanied King Samuel on a journey 25 miles inland from Fort Dauphin to Samuel's country residence where he stayed for two days, all in order to obtain 100 slaves. While he was away, Pirate Evan Jones, Captain of the Beckford Galley dropped anchor in Fort Dauphin alongside Cruger's slaver, the Prophet Daniel. Jones had the crew of the slaver take him ashore where he got them drunk, then continuing the party aboard his own ship. However at 9 pm that evening he and his crew assaulted the crew of the slaver and then captured and looted their ship, taking its money, rigging and anything else the pirates wanted. John Cruger, having rushed back to Fort Dauphin after hearing his ship had been captured by pirates, first had several of King Samuel's soldiers shoot at both ships with their muskets. With no results after two days of this, he then asked for two soldiers to swim out and cut the anchor cables of both ships so they would drift ashore. However Samuel at this point ordered his 300 warriors and 15 war canoes to not meddle in this disagreement between these two New Yorkers, in part because he had been promised a "pourboire" (reward) for his protection of them. This was the ship the Prophet Daniel along with 55 slaves and 49 small arms. Samuel in turn sold this ship to Edward Woodman and three other pirates for 1,400 pieces of eight, signing the document which detailed their purchase as "King of Fort Dauphin, Tollannare, Farrawe, Fanquest, and Fownzahíra." When John Cruger protested this, Samuel confiscated the property he had brought to shore which included 22 casks of gunpowder and a set of sails. At this point the captain of the Prophet Daniel and two of his crewman also decided to become pirates (Zacks, 2002). This was one of 3 ships taken by surprise when they stopped in port during this time, all of which were looted "down to the keel" (p. 413). Not surprisingly, very few ships stopped at Fort Dauphin for several years after this happened. These captured ships brought in silver and other goods from overseas, including iron cooking pots which appear to have replaced the traditional ceramic pots which the Antanosy had made up to this time.

Paragraph 21: The earliest record of European contact with the Kitselas was in the 1700s with Russian missionaries and fur traders. In 1792, British explorer George Vancouver mapped the coast of British Columbia for more trading ships to arrive and more traders ventured inland. This directly affected the Kitselas because it meant more people would be venturing onto their land. This would worsen in 1843 when the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) created boundaries in British Columbia which essentially divided up native land in order for it to be settled or used by the British. The Kitselas held a strategic position on the Skeena River that allowed them to control trade with HBC because the river flowed inland from the coast. In 1858, James Douglas became the first governor of British Columbia and mapped out the Indian reserves. In 1859, the Skeena pass was claimed by William Downie for railroads, which meant more exploration along the Skeena River and Kitselas land continued to decrease. In 1864, Douglas was replaced by Joseph Trutch who reduced the size of reservations and created policies that were meant to discriminate against Indians. In 1867, the Constitution Act was passed which said that Canada was responsible for natives and that they had to reserve land for them. In 1872, the British took control of the Skeena River from the Kitselas, so they could no longer charge for people to enter the canyon. Tsimshian and Nisga’a Chiefs travel to Victoria in 1887 to plead for treaties and self governance, but are not obliged. In 1901, Kitselas Reserve territory was finalized and their land was reduced from 220,000 hectares to 1200 hectares. In 1904, the Homestead Act claimed that anybody except natives and Chinese could have 160 acres of land anywhere along the Skeena River for free. In 1927, Canada made it illegal for natives to fight for their land. In 1931, Tsimshian and Haida formed the Native Brotherhood where they discussed their grievances and this group still exists today. In 1946, the flu epidemic killed many Kitselas political leaders and the fight for their rights did not start again until the 1980s. In 1951, the Indian Act was changed and potlatch and claims to land were made legal again. In 1982, the Constitution Act recognized the rights of Indians. In 1984, Tsimshian Tribal Council was formed of 7 bands in the Northwest and together they would fight for the rights and lands that they had taken away from them by the British.

Paragraph 22: A controversial email that Smith sent out responding to Green's attack that Smith was short on credentials may have backfired and cost Smith some support. While touting his own academic achievements at the University of Texas School of Law, Smith disparaged Green's academic achievements, namely that Green had graduated from St. Mary's University School of Law in San Antonio, a smaller and less well known law school. Senator John Cornyn is a St. Mary's alumnus. Dean Bill Piatt of St. Mary's blasted Smith, saying that it was inappropriate for a sitting Supreme Court justice to belittle one of the law schools in the State of Texas. Piatt widely distributed a letter that he had written to Smith to many alumni of St. Mary's and others in the legal community. Smith wrote a conciliatory response letter to Piatt, but did not publicize that letter.

Paragraph 23: The story continues where Outbreak left off, with Newt, the synthetic Butler, and Hicks a short time after having escaped the alien-infested Earth on a cargo ship. The crew discovers the ship is ferrying aliens to an unknown destination. After killing the aliens, the ship autopilots to a military post commanded by  General Spears, who is breeding and attempting to train aliens to fight against their own kind on Earth. He is depicted as ruthless, and is called insane by several characters. Throughout the story it is revealed that Spears is extremely paranoid about his own safety and the safety of his aliens, and is willing to sacrifice his own troops without hesitation. As the story progresses, the aliens inevitably escape captivity and begin taking over the military base. Hicks and Newt manage to hide on the same ship General Spears uses to escape. Once aboard the ship Hicks and Newt realize it is full of "trained" aliens that Spears intends on using to take back the infested Earth. The synthetic Butler also manages to send a transmission saying goodbye to Newt as they were separated in the middle of the story. Since Butler is a synthetic and torn in two the aliens do not engage him in any way. Butler is left alone and abandoned in the military base. Before Spears lands on Earth Hicks and Newt jettison out in a small escape pod towards a different space station called Gateway, which becomes a haven for the few people capable of reaching, aware that their chances of survival on Earth are slim. Once Spears lands on Earth he releases his "trained" aliens and expects them to attack the Earth-bred aliens. The "trained" aliens end up turning on Spears. In the end Spears realizes that the aliens were never actually trained, but simply remaining patient throughout their supposed training. The Queen and the other aliens had every intention of getting to Earth and killing Spears. Spears is brutally killed at the end of this realization. On the final page, Ellen Ripley appears, heavily armed, saying the time has come to take the battle to the xenomorphs.

Paragraph 24: Vasanth lies to his parents that he is going for a vacation computer course and leaves for Kolkata along with his friend Ganesh, to find Heena knowing only her name. He searches for her in many colleges and finally finds her. She is happy to see Vasanth again and takes him to her home and introduces him to her mother (Rati Agnihotri) while her brother left before his arrival. It is revealed that her brother (Sonu Sood) is the mastermind in the plot to kill Gajapathy, which is not known by his family. He learns about the arrival of Vasanth and plans to kill him, without knowing he saved his sister. Both Vasanth and Heena become close which is disliked by her mother. She urges Heena to keep away from him which disappoints Heena. Vasanth expresses his love for her. Heena finds out the real identity of her brother and fears that he might kill Vasanth and so she pretends to reject him. Vasanth is hurt by her rejection but does not back off, hoping to win her love one day. Heena informs Gajapathy about all the incidents and makes him  come to Kolkata to take away his son. Gajapathy insists that Vasanth come with him and he unwillingly accepts. Heena's brother learns about Vasanth and Gajapathy and chases after them to kill them. Heena struggles to save them, but Vasanth does not co-operate with her as he wants her to accept him. Heena finally confesses her love and reveals that her behavior is because of her brother's true identity and intentions, which shatters Heena's mother. She unites both of them and asks them to leave the place. Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena's brother catches them. and he is arrested by police. The film ends with Vasanth and Heena united.

Paragraph 25: The story continues where Outbreak left off, with Newt, the synthetic Butler, and Hicks a short time after having escaped the alien-infested Earth on a cargo ship. The crew discovers the ship is ferrying aliens to an unknown destination. After killing the aliens, the ship autopilots to a military post commanded by  General Spears, who is breeding and attempting to train aliens to fight against their own kind on Earth. He is depicted as ruthless, and is called insane by several characters. Throughout the story it is revealed that Spears is extremely paranoid about his own safety and the safety of his aliens, and is willing to sacrifice his own troops without hesitation. As the story progresses, the aliens inevitably escape captivity and begin taking over the military base. Hicks and Newt manage to hide on the same ship General Spears uses to escape. Once aboard the ship Hicks and Newt realize it is full of "trained" aliens that Spears intends on using to take back the infested Earth. The synthetic Butler also manages to send a transmission saying goodbye to Newt as they were separated in the middle of the story. Since Butler is a synthetic and torn in two the aliens do not engage him in any way. Butler is left alone and abandoned in the military base. Before Spears lands on Earth Hicks and Newt jettison out in a small escape pod towards a different space station called Gateway, which becomes a haven for the few people capable of reaching, aware that their chances of survival on Earth are slim. Once Spears lands on Earth he releases his "trained" aliens and expects them to attack the Earth-bred aliens. The "trained" aliens end up turning on Spears. In the end Spears realizes that the aliens were never actually trained, but simply remaining patient throughout their supposed training. The Queen and the other aliens had every intention of getting to Earth and killing Spears. Spears is brutally killed at the end of this realization. On the final page, Ellen Ripley appears, heavily armed, saying the time has come to take the battle to the xenomorphs.

Paragraph 26: During the Iron Age (50 BC - 1400 AD) and before the arrival of the Portuguese, the island was densely settled. The most important evidence of human occupation comes from the area of Nandá, near the eastern coast, where dozens of prehistoric burials have been excavated. These burials belong to two different periods: Early Iron Age (50 BC - 450 AD) and Middle Iron Age (1000-1150 AD). During the first period, the islanders deposited bundles of human bones and iron implements (axes, bracelets, spears, spoons, iron currency) in shallow pits dug in the sand. During the second period, tombs have been documented where the corpses (not preserved) lay surrounded by pots, probably containing food and alcoholic beverages. The deceased were interred with their adornments (collars, bracelets and anklets) and a few personal possessions (knives and adzes).

Paragraph 27: The concerto begins with the double basses softly arpeggiating an ambiguous harmony (E-A-D-G) being the background to an unusual solo of the contrabassoon. Although these notes are later given great structural weight, they are also the four open strings on the double bass, creating the illusion at the start that the orchestra is still tuning up. As is traditional in a concerto, the thematic material is presented first in the orchestra and then echoed by the piano. Not so traditional is the dramatic piano cadenza which first introduces the soloist and prefigures the piano's statement of the opening material. This material includes both an A and a B theme, though the B theme receives little exposure. An additional theme introduced at the beginning exhibits several similarities to the Dies irae chant.

Paragraph 28: A controversial email that Smith sent out responding to Green's attack that Smith was short on credentials may have backfired and cost Smith some support. While touting his own academic achievements at the University of Texas School of Law, Smith disparaged Green's academic achievements, namely that Green had graduated from St. Mary's University School of Law in San Antonio, a smaller and less well known law school. Senator John Cornyn is a St. Mary's alumnus. Dean Bill Piatt of St. Mary's blasted Smith, saying that it was inappropriate for a sitting Supreme Court justice to belittle one of the law schools in the State of Texas. Piatt widely distributed a letter that he had written to Smith to many alumni of St. Mary's and others in the legal community. Smith wrote a conciliatory response letter to Piatt, but did not publicize that letter.

Paragraph 29: Roma is one of a number of “modern” colonias such as Colonia Juárez, Santa María la Ribera and Colonia San Rafael, which were built on what was the western edge of the city in the late 19th and early 20th centuries for wealthy residents looking to escape the city center. The streets and houses were designed and built based on European styles, which can still be seen today, especially on Orizaba, Alvaro Obregon, Colima and Tonalá Streets, where the older facades are best conserved. These were homes of bankers, factory owners, politicians, artists and businessmen who worked in the city center but lived here. Like its sister colonias, Roma has since lost many of its original mansion homes, but it has resisted this loss better. Today, there are an estimated 1,100 structures which date from the 1930s or earlier, compared to the 500 to 600 the remain in Santa María la Ribera and Colonia Juárez. Most of the area's historically and architecturally significant structures were built between 1906 and 1939. These earlier structures include examples of Neo-colonial (which imitate the styles built during Mexico's colonial period) and Art Deco, but most are “Porfirian,” meaning that they are a mix of French, Roman, Gothic and Moorish elements which were all fashionable in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. One of these old mansions was the home of television personality Paco Stanley, who says he bought the structure because of its “small friendly ghosts,” naming it “La Princesita” or The Little Princess. Stanley uses the property both as living space and office. These houses and streets have provided the backdrop for films such as Los Olvidados, filmed in La Romita by Luis Buñuel and literary works such as Batallas en el desierto by José Emilio Pacheco, Agua Quemada by Carlos Fuentes, Manifestacion de Silencios by Arturo Azuela and El Vampiro de la Colonia Roma by Luis Zapata.

Paragraph 30:  – In August John Cruger (senior), who later became Mayor of New York city in the mid-18th century, was seeking slaves for the Prophet Daniel's trip back to New York from Madagascar stopped in Fort Dauphin. He accompanied King Samuel on a journey 25 miles inland from Fort Dauphin to Samuel's country residence where he stayed for two days, all in order to obtain 100 slaves. While he was away, Pirate Evan Jones, Captain of the Beckford Galley dropped anchor in Fort Dauphin alongside Cruger's slaver, the Prophet Daniel. Jones had the crew of the slaver take him ashore where he got them drunk, then continuing the party aboard his own ship. However at 9 pm that evening he and his crew assaulted the crew of the slaver and then captured and looted their ship, taking its money, rigging and anything else the pirates wanted. John Cruger, having rushed back to Fort Dauphin after hearing his ship had been captured by pirates, first had several of King Samuel's soldiers shoot at both ships with their muskets. With no results after two days of this, he then asked for two soldiers to swim out and cut the anchor cables of both ships so they would drift ashore. However Samuel at this point ordered his 300 warriors and 15 war canoes to not meddle in this disagreement between these two New Yorkers, in part because he had been promised a "pourboire" (reward) for his protection of them. This was the ship the Prophet Daniel along with 55 slaves and 49 small arms. Samuel in turn sold this ship to Edward Woodman and three other pirates for 1,400 pieces of eight, signing the document which detailed their purchase as "King of Fort Dauphin, Tollannare, Farrawe, Fanquest, and Fownzahíra." When John Cruger protested this, Samuel confiscated the property he had brought to shore which included 22 casks of gunpowder and a set of sails. At this point the captain of the Prophet Daniel and two of his crewman also decided to become pirates (Zacks, 2002). This was one of 3 ships taken by surprise when they stopped in port during this time, all of which were looted "down to the keel" (p. 413). Not surprisingly, very few ships stopped at Fort Dauphin for several years after this happened. These captured ships brought in silver and other goods from overseas, including iron cooking pots which appear to have replaced the traditional ceramic pots which the Antanosy had made up to this time.

Paragraph 31: The concerto begins with the double basses softly arpeggiating an ambiguous harmony (E-A-D-G) being the background to an unusual solo of the contrabassoon. Although these notes are later given great structural weight, they are also the four open strings on the double bass, creating the illusion at the start that the orchestra is still tuning up. As is traditional in a concerto, the thematic material is presented first in the orchestra and then echoed by the piano. Not so traditional is the dramatic piano cadenza which first introduces the soloist and prefigures the piano's statement of the opening material. This material includes both an A and a B theme, though the B theme receives little exposure. An additional theme introduced at the beginning exhibits several similarities to the Dies irae chant.

Paragraph 32: This does not sit well with Joe's fence, Mickey Bergman, who runs a garment business as a front. After accruing a number of expenses in setting up another robbery, Bergman decides to withhold the payment due to Joe and his crew. He insists they go through with the other job — robbing an airplane carrying a large shipment of gold. Bergman further insists that his nephew, Jimmy Silk, be a part of the crew. Joe accepts, but a series of shifting loyalties changes the complexity of their task, including Jimmy's interest in Joe's wife and Bergman and Jimmy's belief that Joe's skills are declining.

Paragraph 33: With the arrival of new manager Gordon Strachan at the start of season 2005–06, Wallace made his first appearance of the season, starting a match against Artmedia Bratislava in the second leg of the UEFA Champions League second qualifying round and set up the second goal of the game for John Hartson before being substituted in the 54th minute, in a 4–0 win that was not enough for Celtic to overcome a 5–0 deficit from the away leg. However, despite announcing his intention to fight for his first team place, he found himself on the sidelines for the first few months and found his playing time, coming from the substitute bench. On 3 December 2005, Strachan began to play Wallace at left-back position in place of Mo Camara and he started his first match in the position, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 win against Aberdeen. However, this turned out to be a strange selection given Wallace's slight build and inexperience of playing in a defensive role. Strachan persisted with this team selection for several weeks to the bemusement of fans who could clearly see the player's lack of aptitude for playing in defence. This further highlighted his lack of positional awareness in playing in defence when he scored an own goal in the New Year game against Hearts at Tynecastle, although the club still won 3–2 on 1 January 2006. Towards the end of the season, new signing Mark Wilson replaced him at left back even though it was not his natural position (Wilson is a right back). But Wallace played in the Scottish League Cup Final at a left back position against Dunfermline Athletic, due to Wilson being cup-tied and Celtic won 3–0. He later made two appearances later in the 2005–06 season and despite being dropped from the first team, his contributions saw the club win the league. At the end of the 2005–06 season, Wallace went on to make fourteen appearances in all competitions.

Paragraph 34:  Supreme Court Bar Association (India)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

Paragraph 35: The earliest record of European contact with the Kitselas was in the 1700s with Russian missionaries and fur traders. In 1792, British explorer George Vancouver mapped the coast of British Columbia for more trading ships to arrive and more traders ventured inland. This directly affected the Kitselas because it meant more people would be venturing onto their land. This would worsen in 1843 when the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) created boundaries in British Columbia which essentially divided up native land in order for it to be settled or used by the British. The Kitselas held a strategic position on the Skeena River that allowed them to control trade with HBC because the river flowed inland from the coast. In 1858, James Douglas became the first governor of British Columbia and mapped out the Indian reserves. In 1859, the Skeena pass was claimed by William Downie for railroads, which meant more exploration along the Skeena River and Kitselas land continued to decrease. In 1864, Douglas was replaced by Joseph Trutch who reduced the size of reservations and created policies that were meant to discriminate against Indians. In 1867, the Constitution Act was passed which said that Canada was responsible for natives and that they had to reserve land for them. In 1872, the British took control of the Skeena River from the Kitselas, so they could no longer charge for people to enter the canyon. Tsimshian and Nisga’a Chiefs travel to Victoria in 1887 to plead for treaties and self governance, but are not obliged. In 1901, Kitselas Reserve territory was finalized and their land was reduced from 220,000 hectares to 1200 hectares. In 1904, the Homestead Act claimed that anybody except natives and Chinese could have 160 acres of land anywhere along the Skeena River for free. In 1927, Canada made it illegal for natives to fight for their land. In 1931, Tsimshian and Haida formed the Native Brotherhood where they discussed their grievances and this group still exists today. In 1946, the flu epidemic killed many Kitselas political leaders and the fight for their rights did not start again until the 1980s. In 1951, the Indian Act was changed and potlatch and claims to land were made legal again. In 1982, the Constitution Act recognized the rights of Indians. In 1984, Tsimshian Tribal Council was formed of 7 bands in the Northwest and together they would fight for the rights and lands that they had taken away from them by the British.

Paragraph 36: A controversial email that Smith sent out responding to Green's attack that Smith was short on credentials may have backfired and cost Smith some support. While touting his own academic achievements at the University of Texas School of Law, Smith disparaged Green's academic achievements, namely that Green had graduated from St. Mary's University School of Law in San Antonio, a smaller and less well known law school. Senator John Cornyn is a St. Mary's alumnus. Dean Bill Piatt of St. Mary's blasted Smith, saying that it was inappropriate for a sitting Supreme Court justice to belittle one of the law schools in the State of Texas. Piatt widely distributed a letter that he had written to Smith to many alumni of St. Mary's and others in the legal community. Smith wrote a conciliatory response letter to Piatt, but did not publicize that letter.

Paragraph 37: In the 2005 Broadway revival of Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street Cerveris played the title role, and was nominated for the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Drama League Award, and received a Drama Critics Circle citation. In this John Doyle production, the actors also played instruments, with Cerveris playing lyric guitar. In the Broadway musical LoveMusik (2007) he appeared as Kurt Weill, and received Tony, Drama Desk, Outer Critics, and Drama League Award nominations. In 2007 he played Kent in King Lear at the Off-Broadway Public Theater, receiving a Drama League Award nomination. Cerveris played Posthumus Leonatus in the Broadway revival of Cymbeline from December 2, 2007, to January 6, 2008. He appeared Off-Broadway in the Stephen Sondheim-John Weidman musical Road Show at the Public Theater in 2008 as Wilson Mizner. Cerveris appeared opposite Mary-Louise Parker in the limited Roundabout Theatre Company production of Hedda Gabler from January 2009 to March 2009. He next played Dr. Givings in the Broadway comedy by Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room (or The Vibrator Play), starting in October 2009. From March 2012 to January 2013, Cerveris played Perón in the Broadway revival of Evita. Then, from 2015 to 2016, he played the role of Bruce Bechdel in the Broadway musical Fun Home winning the 2015 Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical.

Paragraph 38: Vasanth lies to his parents that he is going for a vacation computer course and leaves for Kolkata along with his friend Ganesh, to find Heena knowing only her name. He searches for her in many colleges and finally finds her. She is happy to see Vasanth again and takes him to her home and introduces him to her mother (Rati Agnihotri) while her brother left before his arrival. It is revealed that her brother (Sonu Sood) is the mastermind in the plot to kill Gajapathy, which is not known by his family. He learns about the arrival of Vasanth and plans to kill him, without knowing he saved his sister. Both Vasanth and Heena become close which is disliked by her mother. She urges Heena to keep away from him which disappoints Heena. Vasanth expresses his love for her. Heena finds out the real identity of her brother and fears that he might kill Vasanth and so she pretends to reject him. Vasanth is hurt by her rejection but does not back off, hoping to win her love one day. Heena informs Gajapathy about all the incidents and makes him  come to Kolkata to take away his son. Gajapathy insists that Vasanth come with him and he unwillingly accepts. Heena's brother learns about Vasanth and Gajapathy and chases after them to kill them. Heena struggles to save them, but Vasanth does not co-operate with her as he wants her to accept him. Heena finally confesses her love and reveals that her behavior is because of her brother's true identity and intentions, which shatters Heena's mother. She unites both of them and asks them to leave the place. Both get into the running train in the nick of time before Heena's brother catches them. and he is arrested by police. The film ends with Vasanth and Heena united.