Paragraph 1: At the young age of 17, Ariondo was soloist and accompanist in the Café Russe Cabaret Theatre production in Hollywood, CA., performing with international singers and dancers of varied backgrounds and cultures.  In the early 1970s, Ariondo was hired as the solo musician at Kavkaz Russian-Armenian Restaurant in West Hollywood, California, where he accompanied  international artists Vigen Derderian (famous Persian-Armenian singer), Assyrian composer/violinist Sooren (Suren) Alexander, Inna Miraeva (Russian Gypsy songstress), Lonia and Berta (Russian gypsies from Brazil), Rima Rudina and Hratch Yacoubian  (violinists/entertainers).  He worked with gypsy/classical violinist Shony Alex Braun as music director in concerts at the Wilshire Ebell Theatre, toured with violinist Rima Rudina as a duo act throughout the U.S. and was a three-time winner of the International Grand Prix Competitions sponsored by the Accordion Federation of North America.  In later years, he concertized with esteemed Jascha Heifetz protege Ayke Agus, forming the Ariondo/Agus Duo.  Throughout his career as accordionist and pianist, Ariondo developed a unique ability to reach out to diverse audiences of all ages and ethnic cultures, performing on keyboards in nightclubs and private functions.  His astounding ‘live’ concerts and videos on YouTube are a testament to his devotion and everlasting commitment to innovative accordion artistry.  Hailed American composer Lukas Foss personally wrote Ariondo in 1988 saying, “I am impressed by your music, by the way you write for accordion and by your playing: so precise, so powerful.”  Critics have referred to Ariondo as..."the Yehudi Menuhin of the accordion".  The L.A. Times calls him the "Pre-eminent L.A. accordionist"...."the irrepressible avant-garde accordionist!”...."infinitely expressive, technically dazzling!"...."a force to be reckoned with!"   Ariondo was featured onstage with Plácido Domingo in L.A. Opera's World Premiere “IL Postino” by Daniel Catán televised on PBS Great Performances and distributed on DVD by Sony Entertainment. The Artistry of Nick Ariondo has appeared “live” on radio stations throughout the West Coast, on cable television and KCET's Classic Arts Showcase.  In 1987, after a standing ovation and a riveting performance of Nikolai Chaikin's Concerto for Accordion and Orchestra at UCLA’s Royce Hall, eminent conductor Zubin Mehta called Ariondo “a brilliant success!”    That same year Ariondo received the Distinguished Music Alumnus Award by CSULA’s Friends of Music for “achievement and dedication to his musical craft.”  Ariondo worked closely with Britain's acclaimed composer Thomas Adès in the Los Angeles premiere of “Powder Her Face” and in 1990, received an Artists Fellowship Grant from the California Arts Council awarded to “those artists who have demonstrated exemplary professional achievement in their fields.” Guest television appearances include Dancing with the Stars, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson with violinist Nicola Benedetti and his music arrangements of Russian folk songs were featured in the Warren Beatty film “Love Affair” (Warner Bros.). His accordion can be heard on several film scores, including the Oscar-winning Life of Pi, Rio 2, Knight and Day, Happy Feet Two, and Bridesmaids in a cameo appearance.  Stellar return performances of The Nick Ariondo Trio has become a favorite among audiences at Paolo Soleri’s Arcosanti, Arizona’s architectural wonder 65 miles north of Phoenix (Ariondo's 2015 solo concert featured his original compositions dedicated to Paolo Soleri and Arcosanti).  In 2012 Ariondo was the featured artist to perform in Long Beach Opera’s production of Ástor Piazzolla’s “María de Buenos Aires” receiving rave reviews.  Ariondo's concert repertoire highlights his arrangements and compositions of over 200 works ~ solos, duets, trios, small to large ensembles - vocal and with orchestra, including an accordion concerto co-composed with colleague Edward Hosharian (a memorial tribute video) . Ariondo's publisher is ACCO-Music Publishing and Accordiondo Music.

Paragraph 2: At the young age of 17, Ariondo was soloist and accompanist in the Café Russe Cabaret Theatre production in Hollywood, CA., performing with international singers and dancers of varied backgrounds and cultures.  In the early 1970s, Ariondo was hired as the solo musician at Kavkaz Russian-Armenian Restaurant in West Hollywood, California, where he accompanied  international artists Vigen Derderian (famous Persian-Armenian singer), Assyrian composer/violinist Sooren (Suren) Alexander, Inna Miraeva (Russian Gypsy songstress), Lonia and Berta (Russian gypsies from Brazil), Rima Rudina and Hratch Yacoubian  (violinists/entertainers).  He worked with gypsy/classical violinist Shony Alex Braun as music director in concerts at the Wilshire Ebell Theatre, toured with violinist Rima Rudina as a duo act throughout the U.S. and was a three-time winner of the International Grand Prix Competitions sponsored by the Accordion Federation of North America.  In later years, he concertized with esteemed Jascha Heifetz protege Ayke Agus, forming the Ariondo/Agus Duo.  Throughout his career as accordionist and pianist, Ariondo developed a unique ability to reach out to diverse audiences of all ages and ethnic cultures, performing on keyboards in nightclubs and private functions.  His astounding ‘live’ concerts and videos on YouTube are a testament to his devotion and everlasting commitment to innovative accordion artistry.  Hailed American composer Lukas Foss personally wrote Ariondo in 1988 saying, “I am impressed by your music, by the way you write for accordion and by your playing: so precise, so powerful.”  Critics have referred to Ariondo as..."the Yehudi Menuhin of the accordion".  The L.A. Times calls him the "Pre-eminent L.A. accordionist"...."the irrepressible avant-garde accordionist!”...."infinitely expressive, technically dazzling!"...."a force to be reckoned with!"   Ariondo was featured onstage with Plácido Domingo in L.A. Opera's World Premiere “IL Postino” by Daniel Catán televised on PBS Great Performances and distributed on DVD by Sony Entertainment. The Artistry of Nick Ariondo has appeared “live” on radio stations throughout the West Coast, on cable television and KCET's Classic Arts Showcase.  In 1987, after a standing ovation and a riveting performance of Nikolai Chaikin's Concerto for Accordion and Orchestra at UCLA’s Royce Hall, eminent conductor Zubin Mehta called Ariondo “a brilliant success!”    That same year Ariondo received the Distinguished Music Alumnus Award by CSULA’s Friends of Music for “achievement and dedication to his musical craft.”  Ariondo worked closely with Britain's acclaimed composer Thomas Adès in the Los Angeles premiere of “Powder Her Face” and in 1990, received an Artists Fellowship Grant from the California Arts Council awarded to “those artists who have demonstrated exemplary professional achievement in their fields.” Guest television appearances include Dancing with the Stars, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson with violinist Nicola Benedetti and his music arrangements of Russian folk songs were featured in the Warren Beatty film “Love Affair” (Warner Bros.). His accordion can be heard on several film scores, including the Oscar-winning Life of Pi, Rio 2, Knight and Day, Happy Feet Two, and Bridesmaids in a cameo appearance.  Stellar return performances of The Nick Ariondo Trio has become a favorite among audiences at Paolo Soleri’s Arcosanti, Arizona’s architectural wonder 65 miles north of Phoenix (Ariondo's 2015 solo concert featured his original compositions dedicated to Paolo Soleri and Arcosanti).  In 2012 Ariondo was the featured artist to perform in Long Beach Opera’s production of Ástor Piazzolla’s “María de Buenos Aires” receiving rave reviews.  Ariondo's concert repertoire highlights his arrangements and compositions of over 200 works ~ solos, duets, trios, small to large ensembles - vocal and with orchestra, including an accordion concerto co-composed with colleague Edward Hosharian (a memorial tribute video) . Ariondo's publisher is ACCO-Music Publishing and Accordiondo Music.

Paragraph 3: Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms. It is a chemistry where most reactions are controlled by complex proteins called enzymes and are moderated and limited by hormones. The chemistry is always highly complex and is still not fully understood. Decomposition of organic material is also within the scope of biochemistry although in this case it is the growth and activity of fungi, bacteria and other micro-organisms that is involved. Typical types of change include the processes involved in photosynthesis, a process in which carbon dioxide and water are changed into sugars and oxygen by plants, digestion in which energy rich materials are used by organisms to grow and move, the Krebs cycle which liberates energy from stored reserves, protein synthesis which enables organisms to grow using processes controlled by RNA, etc.

Paragraph 4: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 5: Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms. It is a chemistry where most reactions are controlled by complex proteins called enzymes and are moderated and limited by hormones. The chemistry is always highly complex and is still not fully understood. Decomposition of organic material is also within the scope of biochemistry although in this case it is the growth and activity of fungi, bacteria and other micro-organisms that is involved. Typical types of change include the processes involved in photosynthesis, a process in which carbon dioxide and water are changed into sugars and oxygen by plants, digestion in which energy rich materials are used by organisms to grow and move, the Krebs cycle which liberates energy from stored reserves, protein synthesis which enables organisms to grow using processes controlled by RNA, etc.

Paragraph 6: In 1500, the Ommelanden and the city of Groningen massively revolted against Albert III, Duke of Saxony who had just established his reign there, his son and heir Henry IV, Duke of Saxony imposed various taxes and leases on Friesland and established his seat in the city of Franeken. The Frisian population, which was not used to being taxed or living on leased land, did not want to know anything about it. The information was received very badly and rebellion occurred at Bolsward when Hessel Martena fined notable Frisians and burned entire villages that refused to pay. The inhabitants of the area revolted against this practice, which was attacked by a number of Votkeper, which included Church Walta who organized a wide resistance to the Saxon rule. This rebellion led to the siege of Franeker where Henry was staying at the Sjaardemaslot. On May 12, 1500, the city of Franeken was besieged by an army of 16,000 angry Frisians. Poorly trained and disorganized, the Frisians did not do anything about the siege of the city, even though the Saxon occupation consisted of only three hundred tenants and some Skieringer chiefs. Despite their large differences, the Saxons managed to keep their corner long enough for reinforcements to arrive. Albert was living in East Frisia with Edzard Sirsena, when he heard that his son was besieged in Franeker. He immediately left for Friesland at the head of a large army. The Frisians tried to turn that army around and at the initiative of Groningen, a large peasant army, led by the disgruntled Vetkoper Jancko Douwama, made its way on the road towards Friesland. However, Albert's army was in no hurry to attack. Knowing that the Frisian army consisted mainly of farmers and was difficult to keep together during the early and harvest times, the Saxon army first laid siege to the city of Groningen. And what Albrecht expected came true, because after a week of waiting, the Frisian army gradually began to run low. Many did not want to wait any longer to catch their hay. On July 14 the Saxons attacked and defeated the remaining army, relieving the city. On the Frisian side, between 100 and 300 men died. Cruelty was Albrecht's revenge, the city of Leeuwarden especially had to confess it, and around him fortifications and villages were destroyed. Many Frisians, including Jancko Douwama, then fled abroad for fear of reprisals.

Paragraph 7: In January 1962, the Echoes undertook a two-day concert tour with The Temperance Seven, Shane Fenton and the Fentones, Vince Eager, Michael Cox, Johnny Gentle, and Nero & the Gladiators. Another concert followed in February with Johnny Kidd & the Pirates. In April, a national concert tour started with The Temperance Seven, Chas McDevitt and Shirley Douglas and Bert Weedon, and this led to a concert tour starting on 29 April with Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, The Viscounts, Vince Eager, Mark Eden, Danny Storm, Buddy Britten and Dave Reid. Before the final show at the Tower Ballroom, New Brighton, Laurie Jay announced his departure. A drummer was needed that night, and they recruited Ringo Starr, who had just returned from Hamburg after playing for Rory Storm and The Hurricanes. Jay went into management, later becoming the manager for Billy Ocean and Shirley Bassey. On returning to London, Tommy Frost became The Echoes' new drummer. After this tour Hines also left for Hamburg again, and was replaced by Ray Murray on keyboards. By May 1962, the Echoes line up became Dave Burns (guitar), Tommy Frost (drums), Ray Murray (keyboards), and Douggie Reece (bass). The Echoes performed a summer season in Douglas, Isle of Man in the "Star Parade of 1962", a rock and roll concert at The Crescent Pavilion. During the day they were required to play at The Palace Ballroom, playing relief for Ronnie Aldrich and The Squadronaires during the band's breaks. With the completion of the summer season, the Echoes returned to London and a meeting had been arranged with Mike Collier, who had just returned to England, after several years working in the music industry in America. He wanted to put together a team for his company, Micol Productions, and wanted the Echoes to be the rhythm section for his productions. Together with the arranger, Al Saxon, they began their association with Micol Productions. This led to the release on their first of four singles "Sounds Like Winter" in November 1961 on the Fontana. Other records for Micol Productions were released on Decca, Columbia and Fontana. The Echoes had already played at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, but on 3 September, they performed on the same bill as The Beatles. The year ended with a tour this time with B. Bumble and the Stingers, Bert Weedon, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, Tommy Bruce, Michael Cox and Vince Eager. Other concerts to see out the year were with Adam Faith, Gene Vincent, Joe Brown and The Tornados.

Paragraph 8: At the end of the Dvapara Yuga, Krishna departed the Earth and left for Vaikuntha. When Krishna was departing, he told Arjuna to rescue the people of Dwarika because he was submerging Dwarika under ocean. Arjuna temporarily could not string the bow, or remember the spells necessary in order to summon his celestial weapons when Dwarika was drowning. Arjuna knew that his time on earth was up as well, Vyasa had told him this event will happen and when it happens, Arjuna's work on earth is over. Later, the Pandavas retired and journeyed to the Himalayas. On their route, Agni came and asked Arjuna to return the Gandiva to Varuna, for it belonged to the gods. Arjuna obliged and dropped them in the waters of the sea. Thus the celestial bow was returned to the gods.

Paragraph 9: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 10: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 11: In January 1962, the Echoes undertook a two-day concert tour with The Temperance Seven, Shane Fenton and the Fentones, Vince Eager, Michael Cox, Johnny Gentle, and Nero & the Gladiators. Another concert followed in February with Johnny Kidd & the Pirates. In April, a national concert tour started with The Temperance Seven, Chas McDevitt and Shirley Douglas and Bert Weedon, and this led to a concert tour starting on 29 April with Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, The Viscounts, Vince Eager, Mark Eden, Danny Storm, Buddy Britten and Dave Reid. Before the final show at the Tower Ballroom, New Brighton, Laurie Jay announced his departure. A drummer was needed that night, and they recruited Ringo Starr, who had just returned from Hamburg after playing for Rory Storm and The Hurricanes. Jay went into management, later becoming the manager for Billy Ocean and Shirley Bassey. On returning to London, Tommy Frost became The Echoes' new drummer. After this tour Hines also left for Hamburg again, and was replaced by Ray Murray on keyboards. By May 1962, the Echoes line up became Dave Burns (guitar), Tommy Frost (drums), Ray Murray (keyboards), and Douggie Reece (bass). The Echoes performed a summer season in Douglas, Isle of Man in the "Star Parade of 1962", a rock and roll concert at The Crescent Pavilion. During the day they were required to play at The Palace Ballroom, playing relief for Ronnie Aldrich and The Squadronaires during the band's breaks. With the completion of the summer season, the Echoes returned to London and a meeting had been arranged with Mike Collier, who had just returned to England, after several years working in the music industry in America. He wanted to put together a team for his company, Micol Productions, and wanted the Echoes to be the rhythm section for his productions. Together with the arranger, Al Saxon, they began their association with Micol Productions. This led to the release on their first of four singles "Sounds Like Winter" in November 1961 on the Fontana. Other records for Micol Productions were released on Decca, Columbia and Fontana. The Echoes had already played at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, but on 3 September, they performed on the same bill as The Beatles. The year ended with a tour this time with B. Bumble and the Stingers, Bert Weedon, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, Tommy Bruce, Michael Cox and Vince Eager. Other concerts to see out the year were with Adam Faith, Gene Vincent, Joe Brown and The Tornados.

Paragraph 12: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 13: Indo-Pakistani War of 1971  - The unit was equipped with 100 mm field guns and was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel H S Sarao, . It was part of 26 Artillery Brigade and took part in the operations between 2 and 17 December 1971 in the Sialkot sector. It provided fire support to 36 and 19 Infantry Brigades during the war. A OP team consisting of Captain RS Bajwa, Second Lieutenant B Patil and their troops were in support of 4 Dogra and were amongst the first men from the regiment to step into enemy territory. On 3 December at 2300 hours, 1762 Field Battery engaged and successfully neutralised a Pakistani battery at Sidh. On the morning 5 December, 1763 Field Battery engaged enemy medium machine guns from Gondala gun area.On 7 December at 0500 hours, the regiment reconnaissance party moved into the Chicken’s neck area, which the regiment had engaged in support of 19 Infantry Brigade. On 8 December at 0400 hours, under Second Lieutenant CM Bali, the Gun Position Officer, 1761 Field Battery crossed the international border and deployed on Pakistani soil. On 13 December, as the situation in Chhamb sector had stabilised, 1761 battery moved back inside the border after firing 731 rounds (charge full) and 333 rounds (charge reduced) during its stay in the chicken's neck area.On the night of 7 December, 1762 Field Battery and Regiment Headquarter moved from Badiyal Brahmana and was deployed at Kirpind. On 9 December at 0100 hours, the regiment fired at Chak Salarian and Nandpur in support of the successful raids carried out by 4 Dogra and 17 Jat respectively. At 2200 hours, D Troop from 1762 Field Battery moved again to Badiyal Brahmana and stayed there till 0350 hours engaging the Pakistani 15 Division Headquarter location, 104 Infantry Brigade Headquarter location and hostile guns. On 16 December at 0300 hrs, 1762 Field Battery accurately engaged Jolan in support of 4 Dogra. On 17 December, the enemy's MMGs at Chumbian were silenced by 1763 Field Battery. At 0300 hours,  Chote Chak post was attacked by a company of 4 Dogra with Captain RS Bajwa as OP officer and successfully captured. This was followed by a counter attack by the enemy along with heavy bombardment. Captain Bajwa promptly established an OP on top of a tree and effectively engaged the targets foiling the enemy plans.One battery was moved from Jammu sector and deployed inside chicken’s neck to support 52 Infantry Brigade. This battery fired around 1,300 rounds and helped stem the Pakistani advance.

Paragraph 14: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 15: In 1500, the Ommelanden and the city of Groningen massively revolted against Albert III, Duke of Saxony who had just established his reign there, his son and heir Henry IV, Duke of Saxony imposed various taxes and leases on Friesland and established his seat in the city of Franeken. The Frisian population, which was not used to being taxed or living on leased land, did not want to know anything about it. The information was received very badly and rebellion occurred at Bolsward when Hessel Martena fined notable Frisians and burned entire villages that refused to pay. The inhabitants of the area revolted against this practice, which was attacked by a number of Votkeper, which included Church Walta who organized a wide resistance to the Saxon rule. This rebellion led to the siege of Franeker where Henry was staying at the Sjaardemaslot. On May 12, 1500, the city of Franeken was besieged by an army of 16,000 angry Frisians. Poorly trained and disorganized, the Frisians did not do anything about the siege of the city, even though the Saxon occupation consisted of only three hundred tenants and some Skieringer chiefs. Despite their large differences, the Saxons managed to keep their corner long enough for reinforcements to arrive. Albert was living in East Frisia with Edzard Sirsena, when he heard that his son was besieged in Franeker. He immediately left for Friesland at the head of a large army. The Frisians tried to turn that army around and at the initiative of Groningen, a large peasant army, led by the disgruntled Vetkoper Jancko Douwama, made its way on the road towards Friesland. However, Albert's army was in no hurry to attack. Knowing that the Frisian army consisted mainly of farmers and was difficult to keep together during the early and harvest times, the Saxon army first laid siege to the city of Groningen. And what Albrecht expected came true, because after a week of waiting, the Frisian army gradually began to run low. Many did not want to wait any longer to catch their hay. On July 14 the Saxons attacked and defeated the remaining army, relieving the city. On the Frisian side, between 100 and 300 men died. Cruelty was Albrecht's revenge, the city of Leeuwarden especially had to confess it, and around him fortifications and villages were destroyed. Many Frisians, including Jancko Douwama, then fled abroad for fear of reprisals.

Paragraph 16: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 17: The chief of Naval Operations ordered troop ships divisions seventeen and nineteen, on 26 September 1941, to prepare their vessels for approximately six months at sea. These transports were to load to capacity with food, ammunition medical supplies, fuel and water and were to arrive at Halifax, NS on or about 6 November and after the arrival of a British convoy from the UK were to load twenty thousand troops. The Prime Minister mentioned in his letter that it would be for the President to say what would be required in replacement if any of these ships were to be sunk by enemy action. Agreements were worked out for the troops to be carried as supernumeraries and rations to be paid out of Lend Lease Funds and officer laundry bills were to be paid in cash. All replenishments of provisions, general stores, fuel and water would be provided by the UK. Fuel and water would be charged for the escorts to the UK in Trinidad and Cape Town only. The troops would conform to US Navy and ships regulation. Intoxicating liquors were prohibited. It was further agreed that the troops were to rig and man their own anti-aircraft guns to augment the ships batteries.

Paragraph 18: Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms. It is a chemistry where most reactions are controlled by complex proteins called enzymes and are moderated and limited by hormones. The chemistry is always highly complex and is still not fully understood. Decomposition of organic material is also within the scope of biochemistry although in this case it is the growth and activity of fungi, bacteria and other micro-organisms that is involved. Typical types of change include the processes involved in photosynthesis, a process in which carbon dioxide and water are changed into sugars and oxygen by plants, digestion in which energy rich materials are used by organisms to grow and move, the Krebs cycle which liberates energy from stored reserves, protein synthesis which enables organisms to grow using processes controlled by RNA, etc.

Paragraph 19: The chief of Naval Operations ordered troop ships divisions seventeen and nineteen, on 26 September 1941, to prepare their vessels for approximately six months at sea. These transports were to load to capacity with food, ammunition medical supplies, fuel and water and were to arrive at Halifax, NS on or about 6 November and after the arrival of a British convoy from the UK were to load twenty thousand troops. The Prime Minister mentioned in his letter that it would be for the President to say what would be required in replacement if any of these ships were to be sunk by enemy action. Agreements were worked out for the troops to be carried as supernumeraries and rations to be paid out of Lend Lease Funds and officer laundry bills were to be paid in cash. All replenishments of provisions, general stores, fuel and water would be provided by the UK. Fuel and water would be charged for the escorts to the UK in Trinidad and Cape Town only. The troops would conform to US Navy and ships regulation. Intoxicating liquors were prohibited. It was further agreed that the troops were to rig and man their own anti-aircraft guns to augment the ships batteries.

Paragraph 20: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 21: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 22: Indo-Pakistani War of 1971  - The unit was equipped with 100 mm field guns and was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel H S Sarao, . It was part of 26 Artillery Brigade and took part in the operations between 2 and 17 December 1971 in the Sialkot sector. It provided fire support to 36 and 19 Infantry Brigades during the war. A OP team consisting of Captain RS Bajwa, Second Lieutenant B Patil and their troops were in support of 4 Dogra and were amongst the first men from the regiment to step into enemy territory. On 3 December at 2300 hours, 1762 Field Battery engaged and successfully neutralised a Pakistani battery at Sidh. On the morning 5 December, 1763 Field Battery engaged enemy medium machine guns from Gondala gun area.On 7 December at 0500 hours, the regiment reconnaissance party moved into the Chicken’s neck area, which the regiment had engaged in support of 19 Infantry Brigade. On 8 December at 0400 hours, under Second Lieutenant CM Bali, the Gun Position Officer, 1761 Field Battery crossed the international border and deployed on Pakistani soil. On 13 December, as the situation in Chhamb sector had stabilised, 1761 battery moved back inside the border after firing 731 rounds (charge full) and 333 rounds (charge reduced) during its stay in the chicken's neck area.On the night of 7 December, 1762 Field Battery and Regiment Headquarter moved from Badiyal Brahmana and was deployed at Kirpind. On 9 December at 0100 hours, the regiment fired at Chak Salarian and Nandpur in support of the successful raids carried out by 4 Dogra and 17 Jat respectively. At 2200 hours, D Troop from 1762 Field Battery moved again to Badiyal Brahmana and stayed there till 0350 hours engaging the Pakistani 15 Division Headquarter location, 104 Infantry Brigade Headquarter location and hostile guns. On 16 December at 0300 hrs, 1762 Field Battery accurately engaged Jolan in support of 4 Dogra. On 17 December, the enemy's MMGs at Chumbian were silenced by 1763 Field Battery. At 0300 hours,  Chote Chak post was attacked by a company of 4 Dogra with Captain RS Bajwa as OP officer and successfully captured. This was followed by a counter attack by the enemy along with heavy bombardment. Captain Bajwa promptly established an OP on top of a tree and effectively engaged the targets foiling the enemy plans.One battery was moved from Jammu sector and deployed inside chicken’s neck to support 52 Infantry Brigade. This battery fired around 1,300 rounds and helped stem the Pakistani advance.

Paragraph 23: Ross was well aware of [the] "problems" associated with his "Statutory Date". In autobiographical notes penned some years later, he claimed that on 14 November 1888 he hired two carriages from the Victorian Railways, and using one of the company locomotives ran what is known as the best-known feature of the Rosstown railway stories—the "only" train—that is, of course, besides the numerous other trains for construction purposes between September 1888 and March 1891.According to Ross, passengers on his train included Thomas Bent, and the well-known legal men, Malleson and Riggall.  He said that the train ran from the platform at Elsternwick and ". . . ran to Oakleigh platform, stayed a while for refreshments, and went back to Grange Road where the company got out and adjourned to Mr. Ross's house, where they dined. This is mentioned as proof that the line was constructed and in such a substantial manner as to permit of a heavy engine drawing two loaded carriages to pass over it . . ."It is rather odd that not one of the Melbourne daily papers, nor any of the local weekly papers, mentions this run. The Brighton Southern Cross, at least, always reported Rosstown Railway work quite fully. One reason for the lack of publicity might well have been Ross's wish to avoid the attention of the Board of Land and Works to what was probably an illegal train running. In any case, there had been much movement of men and materials on the line since September, so the significance of the run may have been overlooked by the Board.Ross's own account of the "first train"—that is, for the carriage of passengers—stands up to careful checking much better than all the other versions, printed and otherwise. One of the more detailed of these is Isaac Selby's potted history of Ross and Rosstown. It forms one small part of his 1924 work, "The Old Pioneers' Memorial History of Melbourne". Selby postulated a link between the occasion of Ross's second wedding and the running of the first "train"; however, he notes that the idea was handed down. In fact, this is substance of almost every account passed down by word of mouth to certain of the older residents of Caulfield and Carnegie. The tradition is in error. That wedding was in February 1889. In any case, the newspapers in reporting the movements of the wedding party from Holy Trinity Church, East Melbourne, to "The Grange", Rosstown, made no mention of the required two stages of rail travel.As far as is known, the last locomotive-hauled train was a ballast train run on 21 March 1891.

Paragraph 24: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 25: The chief of Naval Operations ordered troop ships divisions seventeen and nineteen, on 26 September 1941, to prepare their vessels for approximately six months at sea. These transports were to load to capacity with food, ammunition medical supplies, fuel and water and were to arrive at Halifax, NS on or about 6 November and after the arrival of a British convoy from the UK were to load twenty thousand troops. The Prime Minister mentioned in his letter that it would be for the President to say what would be required in replacement if any of these ships were to be sunk by enemy action. Agreements were worked out for the troops to be carried as supernumeraries and rations to be paid out of Lend Lease Funds and officer laundry bills were to be paid in cash. All replenishments of provisions, general stores, fuel and water would be provided by the UK. Fuel and water would be charged for the escorts to the UK in Trinidad and Cape Town only. The troops would conform to US Navy and ships regulation. Intoxicating liquors were prohibited. It was further agreed that the troops were to rig and man their own anti-aircraft guns to augment the ships batteries.

Paragraph 26: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 27: At the end of the Dvapara Yuga, Krishna departed the Earth and left for Vaikuntha. When Krishna was departing, he told Arjuna to rescue the people of Dwarika because he was submerging Dwarika under ocean. Arjuna temporarily could not string the bow, or remember the spells necessary in order to summon his celestial weapons when Dwarika was drowning. Arjuna knew that his time on earth was up as well, Vyasa had told him this event will happen and when it happens, Arjuna's work on earth is over. Later, the Pandavas retired and journeyed to the Himalayas. On their route, Agni came and asked Arjuna to return the Gandiva to Varuna, for it belonged to the gods. Arjuna obliged and dropped them in the waters of the sea. Thus the celestial bow was returned to the gods.

Paragraph 28: The chief of Naval Operations ordered troop ships divisions seventeen and nineteen, on 26 September 1941, to prepare their vessels for approximately six months at sea. These transports were to load to capacity with food, ammunition medical supplies, fuel and water and were to arrive at Halifax, NS on or about 6 November and after the arrival of a British convoy from the UK were to load twenty thousand troops. The Prime Minister mentioned in his letter that it would be for the President to say what would be required in replacement if any of these ships were to be sunk by enemy action. Agreements were worked out for the troops to be carried as supernumeraries and rations to be paid out of Lend Lease Funds and officer laundry bills were to be paid in cash. All replenishments of provisions, general stores, fuel and water would be provided by the UK. Fuel and water would be charged for the escorts to the UK in Trinidad and Cape Town only. The troops would conform to US Navy and ships regulation. Intoxicating liquors were prohibited. It was further agreed that the troops were to rig and man their own anti-aircraft guns to augment the ships batteries.

Paragraph 29: At the end of the Dvapara Yuga, Krishna departed the Earth and left for Vaikuntha. When Krishna was departing, he told Arjuna to rescue the people of Dwarika because he was submerging Dwarika under ocean. Arjuna temporarily could not string the bow, or remember the spells necessary in order to summon his celestial weapons when Dwarika was drowning. Arjuna knew that his time on earth was up as well, Vyasa had told him this event will happen and when it happens, Arjuna's work on earth is over. Later, the Pandavas retired and journeyed to the Himalayas. On their route, Agni came and asked Arjuna to return the Gandiva to Varuna, for it belonged to the gods. Arjuna obliged and dropped them in the waters of the sea. Thus the celestial bow was returned to the gods.

Paragraph 30: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 31: From a young age, van Gogh grew up with a strong connection to painting and religion.  After having worked at his uncle’s art dealership in the Netherlands, he transferred to another dealership location in London, where he fell in love with his landlord’s daughter, Eugenie Loyer. After she refused his marriage proposal, he suffered his first mental breakdown, which caused him to change his entire life in order to devote it to God. This setback at age 20 certainly marked a first step in the downwards spiral representing his health, which would lead to his suicide in 1890. One author points out that “There was a family history of mental illness”, and van Gogh displayed symptoms of bipolar disorder, in which heredity plays a significant role. Now an official devotee to the Church of Christ, van Gogh aspired to become a priest. His disarranged life style, however, caused him nothing but disrespect and rejection, such as the rejection from several theology schools throughout Europe around 1878. Reports of his reckless and indecisive yet impulsive behavior all point towards bipolar disorder. Things like pursuing the work of an art salesman only to tell the customers “not to buy this worthless art” can be very well explained by the illness. Notions of indecisiveness and identity problems can be seen in the next years. Van Gogh moved frequently due to sexual rejection in the next 10 years. He moved to Brussels in 1880 to become an artist. He moved to The Hague because his cousin, Kate, rejected him. He moved to Paris in 1886 because his companion, Clasina Maria Hoornik, recommenced prostitution and alcohol addiction. Van Gogh found shelter in his brother Theo’s small apartment, showing up on his doorstep uninvited.  In Paris, it seemed that painting leveled and calmed his emotions.

Paragraph 32: In January 1962, the Echoes undertook a two-day concert tour with The Temperance Seven, Shane Fenton and the Fentones, Vince Eager, Michael Cox, Johnny Gentle, and Nero & the Gladiators. Another concert followed in February with Johnny Kidd & the Pirates. In April, a national concert tour started with The Temperance Seven, Chas McDevitt and Shirley Douglas and Bert Weedon, and this led to a concert tour starting on 29 April with Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, The Viscounts, Vince Eager, Mark Eden, Danny Storm, Buddy Britten and Dave Reid. Before the final show at the Tower Ballroom, New Brighton, Laurie Jay announced his departure. A drummer was needed that night, and they recruited Ringo Starr, who had just returned from Hamburg after playing for Rory Storm and The Hurricanes. Jay went into management, later becoming the manager for Billy Ocean and Shirley Bassey. On returning to London, Tommy Frost became The Echoes' new drummer. After this tour Hines also left for Hamburg again, and was replaced by Ray Murray on keyboards. By May 1962, the Echoes line up became Dave Burns (guitar), Tommy Frost (drums), Ray Murray (keyboards), and Douggie Reece (bass). The Echoes performed a summer season in Douglas, Isle of Man in the "Star Parade of 1962", a rock and roll concert at The Crescent Pavilion. During the day they were required to play at The Palace Ballroom, playing relief for Ronnie Aldrich and The Squadronaires during the band's breaks. With the completion of the summer season, the Echoes returned to London and a meeting had been arranged with Mike Collier, who had just returned to England, after several years working in the music industry in America. He wanted to put together a team for his company, Micol Productions, and wanted the Echoes to be the rhythm section for his productions. Together with the arranger, Al Saxon, they began their association with Micol Productions. This led to the release on their first of four singles "Sounds Like Winter" in November 1961 on the Fontana. Other records for Micol Productions were released on Decca, Columbia and Fontana. The Echoes had already played at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, but on 3 September, they performed on the same bill as The Beatles. The year ended with a tour this time with B. Bumble and the Stingers, Bert Weedon, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, Tommy Bruce, Michael Cox and Vince Eager. Other concerts to see out the year were with Adam Faith, Gene Vincent, Joe Brown and The Tornados.

Paragraph 33: In January 1962, the Echoes undertook a two-day concert tour with The Temperance Seven, Shane Fenton and the Fentones, Vince Eager, Michael Cox, Johnny Gentle, and Nero & the Gladiators. Another concert followed in February with Johnny Kidd & the Pirates. In April, a national concert tour started with The Temperance Seven, Chas McDevitt and Shirley Douglas and Bert Weedon, and this led to a concert tour starting on 29 April with Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, The Viscounts, Vince Eager, Mark Eden, Danny Storm, Buddy Britten and Dave Reid. Before the final show at the Tower Ballroom, New Brighton, Laurie Jay announced his departure. A drummer was needed that night, and they recruited Ringo Starr, who had just returned from Hamburg after playing for Rory Storm and The Hurricanes. Jay went into management, later becoming the manager for Billy Ocean and Shirley Bassey. On returning to London, Tommy Frost became The Echoes' new drummer. After this tour Hines also left for Hamburg again, and was replaced by Ray Murray on keyboards. By May 1962, the Echoes line up became Dave Burns (guitar), Tommy Frost (drums), Ray Murray (keyboards), and Douggie Reece (bass). The Echoes performed a summer season in Douglas, Isle of Man in the "Star Parade of 1962", a rock and roll concert at The Crescent Pavilion. During the day they were required to play at The Palace Ballroom, playing relief for Ronnie Aldrich and The Squadronaires during the band's breaks. With the completion of the summer season, the Echoes returned to London and a meeting had been arranged with Mike Collier, who had just returned to England, after several years working in the music industry in America. He wanted to put together a team for his company, Micol Productions, and wanted the Echoes to be the rhythm section for his productions. Together with the arranger, Al Saxon, they began their association with Micol Productions. This led to the release on their first of four singles "Sounds Like Winter" in November 1961 on the Fontana. Other records for Micol Productions were released on Decca, Columbia and Fontana. The Echoes had already played at The Cavern Club in Liverpool, but on 3 September, they performed on the same bill as The Beatles. The year ended with a tour this time with B. Bumble and the Stingers, Bert Weedon, Johnny Kidd & the Pirates, Tommy Bruce, Michael Cox and Vince Eager. Other concerts to see out the year were with Adam Faith, Gene Vincent, Joe Brown and The Tornados.

Paragraph 34: Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms. It is a chemistry where most reactions are controlled by complex proteins called enzymes and are moderated and limited by hormones. The chemistry is always highly complex and is still not fully understood. Decomposition of organic material is also within the scope of biochemistry although in this case it is the growth and activity of fungi, bacteria and other micro-organisms that is involved. Typical types of change include the processes involved in photosynthesis, a process in which carbon dioxide and water are changed into sugars and oxygen by plants, digestion in which energy rich materials are used by organisms to grow and move, the Krebs cycle which liberates energy from stored reserves, protein synthesis which enables organisms to grow using processes controlled by RNA, etc.

Paragraph 35: Biochemistry deals with the chemistry of the growth and activity of living organisms. It is a chemistry where most reactions are controlled by complex proteins called enzymes and are moderated and limited by hormones. The chemistry is always highly complex and is still not fully understood. Decomposition of organic material is also within the scope of biochemistry although in this case it is the growth and activity of fungi, bacteria and other micro-organisms that is involved. Typical types of change include the processes involved in photosynthesis, a process in which carbon dioxide and water are changed into sugars and oxygen by plants, digestion in which energy rich materials are used by organisms to grow and move, the Krebs cycle which liberates energy from stored reserves, protein synthesis which enables organisms to grow using processes controlled by RNA, etc.

Paragraph 36: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 37: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 38: Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a language-game. He introduces the term using simple examples, but intends it to be used for the many ways in which we use language. The central component of language games is that they are uses of language, and language is used in multifarious ways. For example, in one language-game, a word might be used to stand for (or refer to) an object, but in another the same word might be used for giving orders, or for asking questions, and so on. The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game within which it is being used. Another way Wittgenstein puts the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as code by members of a secret society.

Paragraph 39: The chief of Naval Operations ordered troop ships divisions seventeen and nineteen, on 26 September 1941, to prepare their vessels for approximately six months at sea. These transports were to load to capacity with food, ammunition medical supplies, fuel and water and were to arrive at Halifax, NS on or about 6 November and after the arrival of a British convoy from the UK were to load twenty thousand troops. The Prime Minister mentioned in his letter that it would be for the President to say what would be required in replacement if any of these ships were to be sunk by enemy action. Agreements were worked out for the troops to be carried as supernumeraries and rations to be paid out of Lend Lease Funds and officer laundry bills were to be paid in cash. All replenishments of provisions, general stores, fuel and water would be provided by the UK. Fuel and water would be charged for the escorts to the UK in Trinidad and Cape Town only. The troops would conform to US Navy and ships regulation. Intoxicating liquors were prohibited. It was further agreed that the troops were to rig and man their own anti-aircraft guns to augment the ships batteries.

Paragraph 40: At the young age of 17, Ariondo was soloist and accompanist in the Café Russe Cabaret Theatre production in Hollywood, CA., performing with international singers and dancers of varied backgrounds and cultures.  In the early 1970s, Ariondo was hired as the solo musician at Kavkaz Russian-Armenian Restaurant in West Hollywood, California, where he accompanied  international artists Vigen Derderian (famous Persian-Armenian singer), Assyrian composer/violinist Sooren (Suren) Alexander, Inna Miraeva (Russian Gypsy songstress), Lonia and Berta (Russian gypsies from Brazil), Rima Rudina and Hratch Yacoubian  (violinists/entertainers).  He worked with gypsy/classical violinist Shony Alex Braun as music director in concerts at the Wilshire Ebell Theatre, toured with violinist Rima Rudina as a duo act throughout the U.S. and was a three-time winner of the International Grand Prix Competitions sponsored by the Accordion Federation of North America.  In later years, he concertized with esteemed Jascha Heifetz protege Ayke Agus, forming the Ariondo/Agus Duo.  Throughout his career as accordionist and pianist, Ariondo developed a unique ability to reach out to diverse audiences of all ages and ethnic cultures, performing on keyboards in nightclubs and private functions.  His astounding ‘live’ concerts and videos on YouTube are a testament to his devotion and everlasting commitment to innovative accordion artistry.  Hailed American composer Lukas Foss personally wrote Ariondo in 1988 saying, “I am impressed by your music, by the way you write for accordion and by your playing: so precise, so powerful.”  Critics have referred to Ariondo as..."the Yehudi Menuhin of the accordion".  The L.A. Times calls him the "Pre-eminent L.A. accordionist"...."the irrepressible avant-garde accordionist!”...."infinitely expressive, technically dazzling!"...."a force to be reckoned with!"   Ariondo was featured onstage with Plácido Domingo in L.A. Opera's World Premiere “IL Postino” by Daniel Catán televised on PBS Great Performances and distributed on DVD by Sony Entertainment. The Artistry of Nick Ariondo has appeared “live” on radio stations throughout the West Coast, on cable television and KCET's Classic Arts Showcase.  In 1987, after a standing ovation and a riveting performance of Nikolai Chaikin's Concerto for Accordion and Orchestra at UCLA’s Royce Hall, eminent conductor Zubin Mehta called Ariondo “a brilliant success!”    That same year Ariondo received the Distinguished Music Alumnus Award by CSULA’s Friends of Music for “achievement and dedication to his musical craft.”  Ariondo worked closely with Britain's acclaimed composer Thomas Adès in the Los Angeles premiere of “Powder Her Face” and in 1990, received an Artists Fellowship Grant from the California Arts Council awarded to “those artists who have demonstrated exemplary professional achievement in their fields.” Guest television appearances include Dancing with the Stars, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson with violinist Nicola Benedetti and his music arrangements of Russian folk songs were featured in the Warren Beatty film “Love Affair” (Warner Bros.). His accordion can be heard on several film scores, including the Oscar-winning Life of Pi, Rio 2, Knight and Day, Happy Feet Two, and Bridesmaids in a cameo appearance.  Stellar return performances of The Nick Ariondo Trio has become a favorite among audiences at Paolo Soleri’s Arcosanti, Arizona’s architectural wonder 65 miles north of Phoenix (Ariondo's 2015 solo concert featured his original compositions dedicated to Paolo Soleri and Arcosanti).  In 2012 Ariondo was the featured artist to perform in Long Beach Opera’s production of Ástor Piazzolla’s “María de Buenos Aires” receiving rave reviews.  Ariondo's concert repertoire highlights his arrangements and compositions of over 200 works ~ solos, duets, trios, small to large ensembles - vocal and with orchestra, including an accordion concerto co-composed with colleague Edward Hosharian (a memorial tribute video) . Ariondo's publisher is ACCO-Music Publishing and Accordiondo Music.

Paragraph 41: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).

Paragraph 42: The writers of the Middle Ages have sought other mystical explanations of the Hour of Nones. Amalarius of Metz (III, vi) explains at length how, like the sun which sinks on the horizon at the hour of Nones, man's spirit tends to lower itself also, he is more open to temptation, and it is the time the demon selects to try him. For the texts of the Fathers on this subject it will suffice to refer the reader to the above-mentioned work of Cardinal Bona (c. ix). The same writers do not fail to remark that the number nine was considered by the ancients an imperfect number, an incomplete number, ten being considered perfection and the complete number. Nine was also the number of mourning. Among the ancients the ninth day was a day of expiation and funeral service—, the origin doubtless of the novena for the dead. As for the ninth hour, some persons believe that it is the hour at which our first parents were driven from the Garden of Paradise. In conclusion, it is necessary to call attention to a practice which emphasized the Hour of Nones—it was the hour of fasting. At first, the hour of fasting was prolonged to Vespers, that is to say, food was taken only in the evening or at the end of the day. Mitigation of this rigorous practice was soon introduced. Tertullian's famous pamphlet  rails at length against the Psychics (i.e. the orthodox Christians) who end their fast on station days at the Hour of Nones, while he, Tertullian, claims that he is faithful to the ancient custom. The practice of breaking the fast at Nones caused that hour to be selected for Mass and Communion, which were the signs of the close of the day. The distinction between the rigorous fast, which was prolonged to Vespers, and the mitigated fast, ending at Nones, is met with in a large number of ancient documents (see Fasting).