Paragraph 1: A far more rudimentary form of double fertilization occurs in the sexual reproduction of an order of gymnosperms commonly known as Gnetales. Specifically, this event has been documented in both Ephedra and Gnetum, a subset of Gnetophytes. In Ephedra nevadensis, a single binucleate sperm cell is deposited into the egg cell. Following the initial fertilization event, the second sperm nucleus is diverted to fertilize an additional egg nucleus found in the egg cytoplasm. In most other seed plants, this second 'ventral canal nucleus' is normally found to be functionally useless. In Gnetum gnemon, numerous free egg nuclei exist in female cytoplasm inside the female gametophyte. Succeeding the penetration of the mature female gametophyte by the pollen tube, female cytoplasm and free nuclei move to surround the pollen tube. Released from the binucleate sperm cell are two sperm nuclei which then join with free egg nuclei to produce two viable zygotes, a homologous characteristic between families Ephedra and Gnetum. In both families, the second fertilization event produces an additional diploid embryo. This supernumerary embryo is later aborted, leading to the synthesis of only one mature embryo. The additional fertilization product in Ephedra does not nourish the primary embryo, as the female gametophyte is responsible for nutrient provision. The more primitive process of double fertilization in gymnosperms results in two diploid nuclei enclosed in the same egg cell. This differs from the angiosperm condition, which results in the separation of the egg cell and endosperm. Comparative molecular research on the genome of G. gnemon has revealed that gnetophytes are more closely related to conifers than they are to angiosperms. The rejection of the anthophyte hypothesis, which identifies gnetales and angiosperms are sister taxa, leads to speculation that the process of double fertilization is a product of convergent evolution and arose independently among gnetophytes and angiosperms.

Paragraph 2: In 1992, Lanning began posing the idea of starting Oddworld Inhabitants with McKenna. After working with 3D animation in films and television, he correctly predicted that they would be integrated into video games, exploding the medium into the future. When he had heard the rumour of a new gaming console called the PlayStation, he asked McKenna if she would partner with him in starting a company by combining her skills in business and the film industry with his knowledge in computer graphics animation. He showed her Doom running on a PC, but McKenna was initially not very receptive to the idea, believing games to be "ugly and confusing," and liking Lanning's story of Abe for a movie rather than a video game. Lanning explained that it was an economic connection they needed to make because the medium was ready to take off, and that they could be the Cecil B. DeMilles of video games. After two years of convincing, and hearing Lanning tell his story of Abe she eventually agreed to go along, but "he had to come up with the start-up money", Lanning went out and presented his idea for what would later become Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee, and discovered two things worked in his favour: his time in aerospace technology made him the only developer with any experience in 3D computer animation at a time when the video game industry was ready to enter the 3D computer animation landscape; and the venture capitalist investors were responsive to "hearing that someone would be approaching content in a more filmic storytelling, deeply character driven way." They were inexperienced in the gaming industry, which allowed him to get away with a story that otherwise would not have been accepted. Lanning returned to McKenna with three and a half million dollars that he borrowed based on his 3D expertise, and they moved from Hollywood to San Luis Obispo in September 1994, where Oddworld Inhabitants was started.

Paragraph 3: In keeping with competition and fears among whites, they exercised a higher frequency of mob violence against blacks and lynchings of African Americans in this region than in other parts of the state. The pattern appears to be strongly associated with the history of slavery, the rural economy after the war, and white efforts to establish dominance in resulting race relations. In the late 19th-century white Democrats throughout the South sought to reimpose and maintain white supremacy. Between 1889 and 1919, a period that is considered the "nadir of racial relations" in the United States, Southern states disenfranchised most blacks through new constitutions and amendments. Lynchings of black men were numerous in the South in this period.

Paragraph 4: Soledad (Alejandra Onieva) is Francisca and Salvador's only common child and Pepa and Tristan's half-sister. She's proud, refined and kind-hearted lady from the upper class but suffers a lot because of her love for Juan (Jonàs Beramì), son of Francisca's and then Tristan's maid Rosario (Adelfa Calvo) and Alfonso's younger brother, who often gets into trouble. Soledad and Juan get married but soon divorce after Juan unintentionally causes Soledad's miscarriage, leaving her childless. Both of them try to move on, Juan by hiring a call girl named Enriqueta (Andrea Duro), who falls in love with him, and Soledad by getting engaged to Pepa's step-brother Olmo (Iago Garcìa). Olmo leaves Soledad when he finds out she is unable to have children, but then comes back when he learns that he has a son, Fernando, from his former school teacher with whom he had had an affair. Soledad refuses to accept Olmo and reunites with Juan whom she has always loved. They decide to move to Paris and start their life together again but Olmo and Enriqueta team up to stop them. When Soledad and Juan leave, Enriqueta comes across them and shoots at Soledad, but Juan sacrifices his life to save his beloved. Enriqueta flees, leaving Soledad heartbroken. However, the latter prefers retiring to a monastery than staying with Olmo. Years later, after several attempts of committing suicide, she returns home. Soledad is extremely depressed and to help her overcome her sadness, her servant and best friend, Mariana and the village's priest Padre Anselmo (Mario Martìn) decide to bring Soledad's happy memories of piano lessons by hiring a teacher. However, she has no interest, as her only wish is going to Paris where she would be happy with Juan and end her life there. The teacher helps her fulfill her wish. Later, Soledad returns from Paris. Changed. She's no longer the miserable person, with no desire for life, but a cheerful, vivacious and carefree woman who lives the way she wants. In Paris, she met Enriqueta, now begging on the streets, who revealed her everything about Olmo's true colours, including their alliance and how Juan's murder was part of his plan. This was not Olmo's solely crime, he also killed his own adoptive and Pepa's real mother for the sake of his inheritance and is responsible for Fernando's mother's death. Soledad goes back to Puente Viejo for 1 reason: punishing Olmo and stopping him from committing more crimes. With the help of Olmo's assassin, she exposes Olmo and sends him to jail. After that, she leaves to continue her life. When Fernando discovers that his father stands behind his mother's death, he disowns him. He even tries to get his father killed in jail. Olmo survives but loses his memory and turns into a modest, hard-working blue-collar worker. Soon, he gains his memory back but terrified of what he has done and fearing he would do such things again, commits suicide. Soledad marries Terence, an American gentleman with dark complexion but falls in love with Simòn (Jonàs Beramì), a blue-collar worker who looks just like Juan. Despite Soledad's affords to forget Simon and stay with her husband, Terence lets her free. She moves to Australia with Simon and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 5: Ian Thorson was a close student of Roach and McNally and served as their attendant after he began attending lectures at Three Jewels Outreach Center in New York City in 1997. In 2000, Thorson's mother hired anti-cult investigators to stage an intervention after her suspicions grew. In 2010, one year after the dissolution of her marriage to Roach, McNally married Thorson. A few weeks later, they entered a three-year retreat at the Diamond Mountain Center; McNally was appointed as the retreat director and guiding teacher. After reports emerged of a series of erratic and even violent episodes between Thorson and McNally, and bizarre behavior by McNally in talks to the community, the Diamond Mountain board of directors asked McNally and her husband to leave the retreat, giving them a few hundred dollars and offering them airfare to any desired destination. Thorson and McNally left the Diamond Mountain property, setting up camp in a cave on Bureau of Land Management property within the retreat boundaries, secretly supplied by a number of retreat participants who felt themselves loyal to the pair. Thorson, aged 38, died in April 2012 of dehydration and exposure while McNally, then 39, would recover from dehydration and exposure. Authorities said that there was no suspected foul play in his death, and that there was no criminal responsibility on behalf of Roach. However, several journalists have noted that Roach's unorthodox teachings through ACI fostered dangerous outcomes. The whereabouts of McNally have been unknown since this deadly incident.

Paragraph 6: Lisa Delpit spent her childhood years on Lettsworth St. in "Old South Baton Rouge," the first black settlement in the city.  The house in which she lived as a child was built next to the "Chicken Shack," a community restaurant that her father started, she was told, with 46¢ in his pocket.  Much of her youth was spent in the kitchen with her father, Thomas Delpit. Delpit recalls a Baton Rouge where her mother could not try on a hat in the department store and where black children were unable to attend school with white children. She remembers black nuns who told her 'Act your age, not your color' because of the then internalized views in society concerning black people. At only the age of seven, when her father died of kidney failure because he had no access to a dialysis machine, Delpit remembers the local hospital having a separate ward for colored patients. She recalls: "When I was growing up, my mother and my teachers in the pre-integration, poor black Catholic school that I attended, corrected every word I uttered in their effort to coerce my black English into sometimes hypercorrect standard English forms acceptable to black nuns in Catholic schools. In elementary school, I diagrammed thousands of sentences, filled in tens of thousands of blanks, and never wrote any text longer than two sentences until I was in the 10th grade of high school". Delpit was one of the first black students to integrate St. Anthony's High School, a Catholic high school.

Paragraph 7: L'économie belge et internationale (with T. Deldycke and others). Institut de sociologie, Université libre de Bruxelles, 1965.Originalités et conséquences de la révolution industrielle. 1966Le rôle de l'agriculture dans la création de la sidérurgie moderne. 1966Evolution de la population active dans le monde par branches et par régions, 1880–1960. 1968La population active et sa structure. Sous la direction de P. Bairoch par T. Deldycke, H. Gelders [et] J.-M. Limbor avec la participation de G. Lefevere, G. Thorn [et] G. Vandenabeele. [1968]Diagnostic de l'évolution économique du Tiers-monde, 1900–1968. 4th edition. Paris : Gauthier-Villars, 1970De tertiaire sector; studie over de invloed der ontwikkeling op de vermindering van de omvang der economische fluctuaties (with others) Bruxelles : Institut de sociologie de l'Université libre, [1970]Le Tiers monde en l'an 2000 (with Pierre Masse). Paris: Presses universitaires de France, 1971.Trend in 1960–1967 and short term prospects of the Third World economy. Dakar : United Nations, African Institute for Economic Development and Planning, 1971.Le Tiers-Monde dans l'impasse. Le démarrage économique du XVIIIe au XXe siècle. Gallimard, 1971.Le chômage urbain dans les pays en voie de développement : présentation générale du problème et éléments d'une solution. Genève : Bureau International du Travail, 1972.Révolution industrielle et sous-développement. Fourth edition, Paris: Mouton, 1974.The economic development of the Third World since 1900. 1975Urban Unemployment in Developing Countries: The Nature of the Problem and Proposals for Its Solutions International Labour Office; 2nd edition, June 1976Commerce extérieur et développement économique de l'Europe au XIX siècle. Paris : Mouton, 1976.Taille des villes, conditions de vie et développement économique. Paris : Éd. de l'École des hautes études en sociales, 1977.Disparities in Economic Development Since the Industrial Revolution (Paul Bairoch and Maurice Lévy-Leboyer, eds.) Palgrave: Macmillan, 1981. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1981.Structure par produits des exportations du Tiers-monde 1830–1937 (with Bouda Etemad) Genève : Droz, 1985.Les passages des économies traditionnelles européennes aux sociétés industrielles: quatrième rencontre franco-suisse d'histoire économique et sociale.(ed. by Paul Bairoch and Anne-Marie Piuz). Genève: Droz, 1985.Histoire économique De Jéricho à Mexico. Villes et économie dans l’histoire. Gallimard, 1985La population des villes européennes : 800–1850 : banque de données et analyse sommaire des résultats (with Jean Batou and Pierre Chèvre) Genève : Droz, 1988.Cities and Economic Development: From the Dawn of History to the Present. Translated by Christopher Braider. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1988La Suisse dans l'économie mondiale (with Martin Körner). Genève: Droz, 1990.World energy production, 1800–1985 = Production mondiale d'énergie" (with Etemad Bouda & Jean Luciani ; under the direction of Paul Bairoch & Jean-Claude Toutain) Genève : Librairie Droz, 1991

Paragraph 8: A far more rudimentary form of double fertilization occurs in the sexual reproduction of an order of gymnosperms commonly known as Gnetales. Specifically, this event has been documented in both Ephedra and Gnetum, a subset of Gnetophytes. In Ephedra nevadensis, a single binucleate sperm cell is deposited into the egg cell. Following the initial fertilization event, the second sperm nucleus is diverted to fertilize an additional egg nucleus found in the egg cytoplasm. In most other seed plants, this second 'ventral canal nucleus' is normally found to be functionally useless. In Gnetum gnemon, numerous free egg nuclei exist in female cytoplasm inside the female gametophyte. Succeeding the penetration of the mature female gametophyte by the pollen tube, female cytoplasm and free nuclei move to surround the pollen tube. Released from the binucleate sperm cell are two sperm nuclei which then join with free egg nuclei to produce two viable zygotes, a homologous characteristic between families Ephedra and Gnetum. In both families, the second fertilization event produces an additional diploid embryo. This supernumerary embryo is later aborted, leading to the synthesis of only one mature embryo. The additional fertilization product in Ephedra does not nourish the primary embryo, as the female gametophyte is responsible for nutrient provision. The more primitive process of double fertilization in gymnosperms results in two diploid nuclei enclosed in the same egg cell. This differs from the angiosperm condition, which results in the separation of the egg cell and endosperm. Comparative molecular research on the genome of G. gnemon has revealed that gnetophytes are more closely related to conifers than they are to angiosperms. The rejection of the anthophyte hypothesis, which identifies gnetales and angiosperms are sister taxa, leads to speculation that the process of double fertilization is a product of convergent evolution and arose independently among gnetophytes and angiosperms.

Paragraph 9: In the summer of 1918, the Board of Trustees of Rutgers College voted to establish a college for women that would be encompassed by the larger Rutgers University. Since the university’s original chartering in 1766 as Queen’s College, it had been committed to give the young adults of the state of New Jersey access to higher education. At the turn of the 20th century, as more and more young men went off to fight in the war, education for women began to be discussed further and was of greater importance. In fact, Mabel Smith Douglass, the first dean of the Women’s College, “along with the New Jersey federation of Women’s Clubs, led the movement, which began in earnest in 1911, to establish the institution." At this same meeting where the Board of Trustees voted to establish this college, a special committee was appointed to oversee the planning and management, to basically oversee the fruition of this decision. Locations for the college we are discussed in length as well as how much it would take to establish the college and who would run it. According to the recorded minutes, “The Board of Trustees has decided to take over the estate of Mrs. John N. Carpender, New Brunswick, near the college property” and Mrs. Douglass was to be appointed the Dean of the Women’s College. The estimated cost for the establishment of the college was $75,000. In addition to this, the board also hoped that the college could be established quickly enough to open that coming September. In the address given by university President, William Henry Demarest, in reference to the board’s meetings, he states, “An item of utmost importance is the coming into the market of the John N. Carpender property, near the college farm, 9 acres and a very large stone house [College Hall], which in the judgement of all consulted would be a best possible location and building for a start of the enterprise.” He later goes onto mention how the asking price for said property is $60,000, and himself and the board do not know how to finance their purchase. This leads to various meetings that would result in different campaigns to fund the purchase of the estate and the founding of the college. For each of these campaigns, more money was collected from private donors as well as the state so that the property could be rented out the college for the first few years of operation. However, the location of the college was not secure until a donation of $50,000 from Mr. James Neilson was made for the purchase of the College Hall Property in 1921.

Paragraph 10: L'économie belge et internationale (with T. Deldycke and others). Institut de sociologie, Université libre de Bruxelles, 1965.Originalités et conséquences de la révolution industrielle. 1966Le rôle de l'agriculture dans la création de la sidérurgie moderne. 1966Evolution de la population active dans le monde par branches et par régions, 1880–1960. 1968La population active et sa structure. Sous la direction de P. Bairoch par T. Deldycke, H. Gelders [et] J.-M. Limbor avec la participation de G. Lefevere, G. Thorn [et] G. Vandenabeele. [1968]Diagnostic de l'évolution économique du Tiers-monde, 1900–1968. 4th edition. Paris : Gauthier-Villars, 1970De tertiaire sector; studie over de invloed der ontwikkeling op de vermindering van de omvang der economische fluctuaties (with others) Bruxelles : Institut de sociologie de l'Université libre, [1970]Le Tiers monde en l'an 2000 (with Pierre Masse). Paris: Presses universitaires de France, 1971.Trend in 1960–1967 and short term prospects of the Third World economy. Dakar : United Nations, African Institute for Economic Development and Planning, 1971.Le Tiers-Monde dans l'impasse. Le démarrage économique du XVIIIe au XXe siècle. Gallimard, 1971.Le chômage urbain dans les pays en voie de développement : présentation générale du problème et éléments d'une solution. Genève : Bureau International du Travail, 1972.Révolution industrielle et sous-développement. Fourth edition, Paris: Mouton, 1974.The economic development of the Third World since 1900. 1975Urban Unemployment in Developing Countries: The Nature of the Problem and Proposals for Its Solutions International Labour Office; 2nd edition, June 1976Commerce extérieur et développement économique de l'Europe au XIX siècle. Paris : Mouton, 1976.Taille des villes, conditions de vie et développement économique. Paris : Éd. de l'École des hautes études en sociales, 1977.Disparities in Economic Development Since the Industrial Revolution (Paul Bairoch and Maurice Lévy-Leboyer, eds.) Palgrave: Macmillan, 1981. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1981.Structure par produits des exportations du Tiers-monde 1830–1937 (with Bouda Etemad) Genève : Droz, 1985.Les passages des économies traditionnelles européennes aux sociétés industrielles: quatrième rencontre franco-suisse d'histoire économique et sociale.(ed. by Paul Bairoch and Anne-Marie Piuz). Genève: Droz, 1985.Histoire économique De Jéricho à Mexico. Villes et économie dans l’histoire. Gallimard, 1985La population des villes européennes : 800–1850 : banque de données et analyse sommaire des résultats (with Jean Batou and Pierre Chèvre) Genève : Droz, 1988.Cities and Economic Development: From the Dawn of History to the Present. Translated by Christopher Braider. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1988La Suisse dans l'économie mondiale (with Martin Körner). Genève: Droz, 1990.World energy production, 1800–1985 = Production mondiale d'énergie" (with Etemad Bouda & Jean Luciani ; under the direction of Paul Bairoch & Jean-Claude Toutain) Genève : Librairie Droz, 1991

Paragraph 11: “The making of sculpture may be taken as a desire for wholeness: The recognition of one’s identity as part of the earth and its materials. In the confrontation of one’s inner image with physical materials, a dialogue begins and the result is a sculptural statement. Through this dialogue an attempt is made to clarify subject and object matter. The subject matter is the discovery, and not how much I know as I fabricate the sculpture. The object matter is the myriad of personal preconceptions that we transfer on to materials. People, cultures, other objects, past events - All become the excess baggage of symbols carried around with us. become the basis of abstract object art. Out of this confrontation, what we look for is the art of “The real.” The real is the dialogue between fabricator and his materials, not a dialogue with oneself. One wants to touch, walk the earth, and create a place for events. The material I have chosen to have a working dialogue with is stone. Stone, one of the oldest sculptural materials, not to be confused with its architectural use, has been limited by its outer boundaries, the monolithic block. I have attempted to overcome this by utilizing work methods derived from constructivism, the pitting together of separate blocks allowing space to become an active part of the sculpture. This is a unifying method of working that allows each unit of my sculptures to create its own reasons for existence. The process is analogous to crystallization. First there is the idea, the basis of an internal ordering of structure, expanded or split into different units. From this, the resulting segmentation of a conceptual idea through physical units hints at the crystallization. They become like stars in the night sky, each defined by its own space, but perceived together they make up the fabric of a universe.” —Bradford Graves.

Paragraph 12: In 1992, Lanning began posing the idea of starting Oddworld Inhabitants with McKenna. After working with 3D animation in films and television, he correctly predicted that they would be integrated into video games, exploding the medium into the future. When he had heard the rumour of a new gaming console called the PlayStation, he asked McKenna if she would partner with him in starting a company by combining her skills in business and the film industry with his knowledge in computer graphics animation. He showed her Doom running on a PC, but McKenna was initially not very receptive to the idea, believing games to be "ugly and confusing," and liking Lanning's story of Abe for a movie rather than a video game. Lanning explained that it was an economic connection they needed to make because the medium was ready to take off, and that they could be the Cecil B. DeMilles of video games. After two years of convincing, and hearing Lanning tell his story of Abe she eventually agreed to go along, but "he had to come up with the start-up money", Lanning went out and presented his idea for what would later become Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee, and discovered two things worked in his favour: his time in aerospace technology made him the only developer with any experience in 3D computer animation at a time when the video game industry was ready to enter the 3D computer animation landscape; and the venture capitalist investors were responsive to "hearing that someone would be approaching content in a more filmic storytelling, deeply character driven way." They were inexperienced in the gaming industry, which allowed him to get away with a story that otherwise would not have been accepted. Lanning returned to McKenna with three and a half million dollars that he borrowed based on his 3D expertise, and they moved from Hollywood to San Luis Obispo in September 1994, where Oddworld Inhabitants was started.

Paragraph 13: Tying artificial flies has always been about imitating some form of fish prey. Significant literature on the concepts of imitation exists especially for trout flies. A Book of Trout Flies – Jennings (1935), Streamside Guide to Naturals & Their Imitations – Art Flick (1947), Matching the Hatch..  Schweibert (1955), Selective Trout - Swisher and Richards (1971), Nymphs - Schweibert (1973), Caddisflies - LaFontaine (1989), Prey - Richards (1995) are a few 20th-century titles that deal extensively with imitating natural prey. From a human perspective, many fly patterns do not exactly imitate fish prey found in nature, but they are nevertheless successful. A successful or "killing" fly pattern imitates something that the target species preys on. This has resulted in fly tyers and fishers devising additional terms to characterize those flies that obviously do not imitate anything in particular, yet are nevertheless successful at catching fish. These additional terms are inconsistently but commonly associated with trout-fly patterns because of their huge variety, both historical and contemporary. The term Attractor pattern has been applied to flies which resemble nothing in particular but are successful in attracting strikes from fish.  Dick Stewart characterizes these same patterns as General Purpose. Dave Hughes describes the same flies as Searching flies and characterizes three levels of imitation: Impressionistic, Suggestive and Imitative.

Paragraph 14: }}Chlamydia psittaci is a lethal intracellular bacterial species that may cause endemic avian chlamydiosis, epizootic outbreaks in mammals, and respiratory psittacosis in humans. Potential hosts include feral birds and domesticated poultry, as well as cattle, pigs, sheep, and horses. C. psittaci is transmitted by inhalation, contact, or ingestion among birds and to mammals. Psittacosis in birds and in humans often starts with flu-like symptoms and becomes a life-threatening pneumonia. Many strains remain quiescent in birds until activated by stress. Birds are excellent, highly mobile vectors for the distribution of chlamydia infection, because they feed on, and have access to, the detritus of infected animals of all sorts.C. psittaci in birds is often systemic, and infections can be inapparent, severe, acute, or chronic with intermittent shedding. C. psittaci strains in birds infect mucosal epithelial cells and macrophages of the respiratory tract. Septicaemia eventually develops and the bacteria become localized in epithelial cells and macrophages of most organs, conjunctiva, and gastrointestinal tracts. It can also be passed in the eggs. Stress will commonly trigger onset of severe symptoms, resulting in rapid deterioration and death. C. psittaci strains are similar in virulence, grow readily in cell culture, have 16S rRNA genes that differ by <0.8%, and belong to eight known serotypes. All should be considered to be readily transmissible to humans.C. psittaci serovar A is endemic among psittacine birds and has caused sporadic zoonotic disease in humans, other mammals, and tortoises. Serovar B is endemic among pigeons, has been isolated from turkeys, and has also been identified as the cause of abortion in herds of dairy cattle.  Serovars C and D are occupational hazards for slaughterhouse workers and for people in contact with birds. Serovar E isolates (known as Cal-10, MP or MN) have been obtained from a variety of avian hosts worldwide and, although they were associated with the 1920s–1930s outbreak in humans, a specific reservoir for serovar E has not been identified. The M56 and WC serovars were isolated during outbreaks in mammals. Many C. psittaci strains are susceptible to bacteriophages.

Paragraph 15: The fineness of a precious metal object (coin, bar, jewelry, etc.) represents the weight of fine metal therein, in proportion to the total weight which includes alloying base metals and any impurities. Alloy metals are added to increase hardness and durability of coins and jewelry, alter colors, decrease the cost per weight, or avoid the cost of high-purity refinement. For example, copper is added to the precious metal silver to make a more durable alloy for use in coins, housewares and jewelry. Coin silver, which was used for making silver coins in the past, contains 90% silver and 10% copper, by mass. Sterling silver contains 92.5% silver and 7.5% of other metals, usually copper, by mass.

Paragraph 16: Development of the Thury thread began in 1876, when the Horological Section of Geneva Society of Arts appointed a committee to look into the requirements for a uniform thread standard for use in Horological arts in Switzerland. Professor Thury began his studies by collecting and measuring samples of screws made by nine independent screw and screw tackle manufacturers in Switzerland. The Thury thread form was developed in 1878, thirty-seven years after the British Standard Whitworth thread form was designed in England and fourteen years after the United States Standard thread was presented in the United States. However, unlike these two predecessors, the Thury thread was designed for small-diameter screws which were then produced with screw plates. This production technique mandated that the Thury thread form have rounded crests and roots. Thread forms with rounded or "radiused" crests and roots like the Thury and Whitworth thread generate smaller stress risers than those forms like the American National or ISO metric which have truncated roots and crests; in modern engineering this is particularly important factor when tapping holes in acrylic plastic, where a larger stress riser can lead to an earlier onset of crack formation. The Thury thread is unusual in having a comparatively small 47.5° thread flank angle, which was chosen to make fabrication easier and to achieve greater holding capacity than screws with larger flank angles. Screws in the Thury thread system are given nominal sizes, with the base size "0" being six millimeters in diameter and having a thread pitch of one millimeter. Sizes are proportional, so a size "1" is ten percent smaller in diameter that a size "0", while a size −1 is ten percent larger than a size "0". The Thury thread was believed to be the first thread form to solve the problem of creating a single system of screw dimensions applicable to all sizes. The relationship between the pitch P of a Thury screw and its diameter D is expressed by the equation . Another variable Thury standardized is the thread depth, which had until then been variable when cutting threads in different materials. The proliferation of the Thury standard was hindered when in 1882, the British Science Association produced a committee report on the consideration of a standard screw gauge, where they declined to accept the Thury thread but instead chose to use the Whitworth thread standard previously designed by committee member Joseph Whitworth, in part because the Whitworth form was historically successful and because the committee did not believe England was prepared to use a metric thread as its standard. However, the committee recognized the validity of many of the design aspects of the Thury thread, and a mere two years later published their specifications for the British Association (BA) thread. The BA committee made only slight modifications to the rounding radii of Thury thread and gave specifications rounded to the nearest thousandth of an inch.

Paragraph 17: A far more rudimentary form of double fertilization occurs in the sexual reproduction of an order of gymnosperms commonly known as Gnetales. Specifically, this event has been documented in both Ephedra and Gnetum, a subset of Gnetophytes. In Ephedra nevadensis, a single binucleate sperm cell is deposited into the egg cell. Following the initial fertilization event, the second sperm nucleus is diverted to fertilize an additional egg nucleus found in the egg cytoplasm. In most other seed plants, this second 'ventral canal nucleus' is normally found to be functionally useless. In Gnetum gnemon, numerous free egg nuclei exist in female cytoplasm inside the female gametophyte. Succeeding the penetration of the mature female gametophyte by the pollen tube, female cytoplasm and free nuclei move to surround the pollen tube. Released from the binucleate sperm cell are two sperm nuclei which then join with free egg nuclei to produce two viable zygotes, a homologous characteristic between families Ephedra and Gnetum. In both families, the second fertilization event produces an additional diploid embryo. This supernumerary embryo is later aborted, leading to the synthesis of only one mature embryo. The additional fertilization product in Ephedra does not nourish the primary embryo, as the female gametophyte is responsible for nutrient provision. The more primitive process of double fertilization in gymnosperms results in two diploid nuclei enclosed in the same egg cell. This differs from the angiosperm condition, which results in the separation of the egg cell and endosperm. Comparative molecular research on the genome of G. gnemon has revealed that gnetophytes are more closely related to conifers than they are to angiosperms. The rejection of the anthophyte hypothesis, which identifies gnetales and angiosperms are sister taxa, leads to speculation that the process of double fertilization is a product of convergent evolution and arose independently among gnetophytes and angiosperms.

Paragraph 18: Soledad (Alejandra Onieva) is Francisca and Salvador's only common child and Pepa and Tristan's half-sister. She's proud, refined and kind-hearted lady from the upper class but suffers a lot because of her love for Juan (Jonàs Beramì), son of Francisca's and then Tristan's maid Rosario (Adelfa Calvo) and Alfonso's younger brother, who often gets into trouble. Soledad and Juan get married but soon divorce after Juan unintentionally causes Soledad's miscarriage, leaving her childless. Both of them try to move on, Juan by hiring a call girl named Enriqueta (Andrea Duro), who falls in love with him, and Soledad by getting engaged to Pepa's step-brother Olmo (Iago Garcìa). Olmo leaves Soledad when he finds out she is unable to have children, but then comes back when he learns that he has a son, Fernando, from his former school teacher with whom he had had an affair. Soledad refuses to accept Olmo and reunites with Juan whom she has always loved. They decide to move to Paris and start their life together again but Olmo and Enriqueta team up to stop them. When Soledad and Juan leave, Enriqueta comes across them and shoots at Soledad, but Juan sacrifices his life to save his beloved. Enriqueta flees, leaving Soledad heartbroken. However, the latter prefers retiring to a monastery than staying with Olmo. Years later, after several attempts of committing suicide, she returns home. Soledad is extremely depressed and to help her overcome her sadness, her servant and best friend, Mariana and the village's priest Padre Anselmo (Mario Martìn) decide to bring Soledad's happy memories of piano lessons by hiring a teacher. However, she has no interest, as her only wish is going to Paris where she would be happy with Juan and end her life there. The teacher helps her fulfill her wish. Later, Soledad returns from Paris. Changed. She's no longer the miserable person, with no desire for life, but a cheerful, vivacious and carefree woman who lives the way she wants. In Paris, she met Enriqueta, now begging on the streets, who revealed her everything about Olmo's true colours, including their alliance and how Juan's murder was part of his plan. This was not Olmo's solely crime, he also killed his own adoptive and Pepa's real mother for the sake of his inheritance and is responsible for Fernando's mother's death. Soledad goes back to Puente Viejo for 1 reason: punishing Olmo and stopping him from committing more crimes. With the help of Olmo's assassin, she exposes Olmo and sends him to jail. After that, she leaves to continue her life. When Fernando discovers that his father stands behind his mother's death, he disowns him. He even tries to get his father killed in jail. Olmo survives but loses his memory and turns into a modest, hard-working blue-collar worker. Soon, he gains his memory back but terrified of what he has done and fearing he would do such things again, commits suicide. Soledad marries Terence, an American gentleman with dark complexion but falls in love with Simòn (Jonàs Beramì), a blue-collar worker who looks just like Juan. Despite Soledad's affords to forget Simon and stay with her husband, Terence lets her free. She moves to Australia with Simon and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 19: Development of the Thury thread began in 1876, when the Horological Section of Geneva Society of Arts appointed a committee to look into the requirements for a uniform thread standard for use in Horological arts in Switzerland. Professor Thury began his studies by collecting and measuring samples of screws made by nine independent screw and screw tackle manufacturers in Switzerland. The Thury thread form was developed in 1878, thirty-seven years after the British Standard Whitworth thread form was designed in England and fourteen years after the United States Standard thread was presented in the United States. However, unlike these two predecessors, the Thury thread was designed for small-diameter screws which were then produced with screw plates. This production technique mandated that the Thury thread form have rounded crests and roots. Thread forms with rounded or "radiused" crests and roots like the Thury and Whitworth thread generate smaller stress risers than those forms like the American National or ISO metric which have truncated roots and crests; in modern engineering this is particularly important factor when tapping holes in acrylic plastic, where a larger stress riser can lead to an earlier onset of crack formation. The Thury thread is unusual in having a comparatively small 47.5° thread flank angle, which was chosen to make fabrication easier and to achieve greater holding capacity than screws with larger flank angles. Screws in the Thury thread system are given nominal sizes, with the base size "0" being six millimeters in diameter and having a thread pitch of one millimeter. Sizes are proportional, so a size "1" is ten percent smaller in diameter that a size "0", while a size −1 is ten percent larger than a size "0". The Thury thread was believed to be the first thread form to solve the problem of creating a single system of screw dimensions applicable to all sizes. The relationship between the pitch P of a Thury screw and its diameter D is expressed by the equation . Another variable Thury standardized is the thread depth, which had until then been variable when cutting threads in different materials. The proliferation of the Thury standard was hindered when in 1882, the British Science Association produced a committee report on the consideration of a standard screw gauge, where they declined to accept the Thury thread but instead chose to use the Whitworth thread standard previously designed by committee member Joseph Whitworth, in part because the Whitworth form was historically successful and because the committee did not believe England was prepared to use a metric thread as its standard. However, the committee recognized the validity of many of the design aspects of the Thury thread, and a mere two years later published their specifications for the British Association (BA) thread. The BA committee made only slight modifications to the rounding radii of Thury thread and gave specifications rounded to the nearest thousandth of an inch.

Paragraph 20: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 21: Ian Thorson was a close student of Roach and McNally and served as their attendant after he began attending lectures at Three Jewels Outreach Center in New York City in 1997. In 2000, Thorson's mother hired anti-cult investigators to stage an intervention after her suspicions grew. In 2010, one year after the dissolution of her marriage to Roach, McNally married Thorson. A few weeks later, they entered a three-year retreat at the Diamond Mountain Center; McNally was appointed as the retreat director and guiding teacher. After reports emerged of a series of erratic and even violent episodes between Thorson and McNally, and bizarre behavior by McNally in talks to the community, the Diamond Mountain board of directors asked McNally and her husband to leave the retreat, giving them a few hundred dollars and offering them airfare to any desired destination. Thorson and McNally left the Diamond Mountain property, setting up camp in a cave on Bureau of Land Management property within the retreat boundaries, secretly supplied by a number of retreat participants who felt themselves loyal to the pair. Thorson, aged 38, died in April 2012 of dehydration and exposure while McNally, then 39, would recover from dehydration and exposure. Authorities said that there was no suspected foul play in his death, and that there was no criminal responsibility on behalf of Roach. However, several journalists have noted that Roach's unorthodox teachings through ACI fostered dangerous outcomes. The whereabouts of McNally have been unknown since this deadly incident.

Paragraph 22: Lisa Delpit spent her childhood years on Lettsworth St. in "Old South Baton Rouge," the first black settlement in the city.  The house in which she lived as a child was built next to the "Chicken Shack," a community restaurant that her father started, she was told, with 46¢ in his pocket.  Much of her youth was spent in the kitchen with her father, Thomas Delpit. Delpit recalls a Baton Rouge where her mother could not try on a hat in the department store and where black children were unable to attend school with white children. She remembers black nuns who told her 'Act your age, not your color' because of the then internalized views in society concerning black people. At only the age of seven, when her father died of kidney failure because he had no access to a dialysis machine, Delpit remembers the local hospital having a separate ward for colored patients. She recalls: "When I was growing up, my mother and my teachers in the pre-integration, poor black Catholic school that I attended, corrected every word I uttered in their effort to coerce my black English into sometimes hypercorrect standard English forms acceptable to black nuns in Catholic schools. In elementary school, I diagrammed thousands of sentences, filled in tens of thousands of blanks, and never wrote any text longer than two sentences until I was in the 10th grade of high school". Delpit was one of the first black students to integrate St. Anthony's High School, a Catholic high school.

Paragraph 23: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 24: The Lake Causeway (Calzada del Lago in Spanish) runs north from the lake shore to the city centre, where it continues as Via 5. The total length of the causeway and the via is around . The Lake Causeway was designed to allow the rapid movement of goods and people between the city and the lake, and easy access to water. The Lake Causeway probably developed from a Middle Preclassic pathway that ran between the shore and the early settlement. The earliest version of the Lake Causeway was built in the Late Preclassic; it was about  wide and was raised  above natural ground level. The Via 5 continuation did not exist in the Late Preclassic, when the later city centre had not yet developed. During the Late Classic the causeway was further developed and extended with the formal construction of Via 5 running across the site core. The point where the two met was deliberately narrowed with the construction of flanking buildings and is likely to have been a guardpost where access to the site core was controlled. It is likely that travellers and goods arriving at the city were inspected and taxed at this control point. At its narrowest point the entrance from the causeway to Via 5 was just  wide. Parapets were erected flanking the Lake Causeway; they stood approximately  high and varied from  wide. The southern extreme of the causeway was modified with the construction of a stucco-covered platform with masonry walls defining the east and south sides. From the southern end of the causeway to the union with Via 5 there is an approximate difference in altitude of more than . There is some evidence that steps were carved from the limestone bedrock where the southern platform met the Lake Causeway. During a second phase of construction in the Late Classic, the southern platform was enlarged to measure  east-west by  north-south. The platform was supported on the south and east sides by refurbished talud walls coated in stucco. The causeway itself was redesigned as a long ramp that joined the southern platform with the city centre and the junction with Via 5. In the Terminal Classic (c. AD 800–900) the southern end of the Lake Causeway was re-dressed with limestone fill. The stepped sides of the southern platform were filled in and covered with stone to form ramps. At about this time Stela A, a plain monument, was erected on the platform. Also in the Terminal Classic the restrictions at the north end of the causeway where it met Via 5 were removed; the whole area was levelled with finely dressed stone and mortar that left the access free for the entire width of the causeway. Ceramic remains recovered from the Lake Causeway are scarce and poorly preserved due to the strong waterflow along the incline caused during the rain season, resulting in artefacts being eroded and washed downhill towards the lake.

Paragraph 25: The fineness of a precious metal object (coin, bar, jewelry, etc.) represents the weight of fine metal therein, in proportion to the total weight which includes alloying base metals and any impurities. Alloy metals are added to increase hardness and durability of coins and jewelry, alter colors, decrease the cost per weight, or avoid the cost of high-purity refinement. For example, copper is added to the precious metal silver to make a more durable alloy for use in coins, housewares and jewelry. Coin silver, which was used for making silver coins in the past, contains 90% silver and 10% copper, by mass. Sterling silver contains 92.5% silver and 7.5% of other metals, usually copper, by mass.

Paragraph 26: Soledad (Alejandra Onieva) is Francisca and Salvador's only common child and Pepa and Tristan's half-sister. She's proud, refined and kind-hearted lady from the upper class but suffers a lot because of her love for Juan (Jonàs Beramì), son of Francisca's and then Tristan's maid Rosario (Adelfa Calvo) and Alfonso's younger brother, who often gets into trouble. Soledad and Juan get married but soon divorce after Juan unintentionally causes Soledad's miscarriage, leaving her childless. Both of them try to move on, Juan by hiring a call girl named Enriqueta (Andrea Duro), who falls in love with him, and Soledad by getting engaged to Pepa's step-brother Olmo (Iago Garcìa). Olmo leaves Soledad when he finds out she is unable to have children, but then comes back when he learns that he has a son, Fernando, from his former school teacher with whom he had had an affair. Soledad refuses to accept Olmo and reunites with Juan whom she has always loved. They decide to move to Paris and start their life together again but Olmo and Enriqueta team up to stop them. When Soledad and Juan leave, Enriqueta comes across them and shoots at Soledad, but Juan sacrifices his life to save his beloved. Enriqueta flees, leaving Soledad heartbroken. However, the latter prefers retiring to a monastery than staying with Olmo. Years later, after several attempts of committing suicide, she returns home. Soledad is extremely depressed and to help her overcome her sadness, her servant and best friend, Mariana and the village's priest Padre Anselmo (Mario Martìn) decide to bring Soledad's happy memories of piano lessons by hiring a teacher. However, she has no interest, as her only wish is going to Paris where she would be happy with Juan and end her life there. The teacher helps her fulfill her wish. Later, Soledad returns from Paris. Changed. She's no longer the miserable person, with no desire for life, but a cheerful, vivacious and carefree woman who lives the way she wants. In Paris, she met Enriqueta, now begging on the streets, who revealed her everything about Olmo's true colours, including their alliance and how Juan's murder was part of his plan. This was not Olmo's solely crime, he also killed his own adoptive and Pepa's real mother for the sake of his inheritance and is responsible for Fernando's mother's death. Soledad goes back to Puente Viejo for 1 reason: punishing Olmo and stopping him from committing more crimes. With the help of Olmo's assassin, she exposes Olmo and sends him to jail. After that, she leaves to continue her life. When Fernando discovers that his father stands behind his mother's death, he disowns him. He even tries to get his father killed in jail. Olmo survives but loses his memory and turns into a modest, hard-working blue-collar worker. Soon, he gains his memory back but terrified of what he has done and fearing he would do such things again, commits suicide. Soledad marries Terence, an American gentleman with dark complexion but falls in love with Simòn (Jonàs Beramì), a blue-collar worker who looks just like Juan. Despite Soledad's affords to forget Simon and stay with her husband, Terence lets her free. She moves to Australia with Simon and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 27: Development of the Thury thread began in 1876, when the Horological Section of Geneva Society of Arts appointed a committee to look into the requirements for a uniform thread standard for use in Horological arts in Switzerland. Professor Thury began his studies by collecting and measuring samples of screws made by nine independent screw and screw tackle manufacturers in Switzerland. The Thury thread form was developed in 1878, thirty-seven years after the British Standard Whitworth thread form was designed in England and fourteen years after the United States Standard thread was presented in the United States. However, unlike these two predecessors, the Thury thread was designed for small-diameter screws which were then produced with screw plates. This production technique mandated that the Thury thread form have rounded crests and roots. Thread forms with rounded or "radiused" crests and roots like the Thury and Whitworth thread generate smaller stress risers than those forms like the American National or ISO metric which have truncated roots and crests; in modern engineering this is particularly important factor when tapping holes in acrylic plastic, where a larger stress riser can lead to an earlier onset of crack formation. The Thury thread is unusual in having a comparatively small 47.5° thread flank angle, which was chosen to make fabrication easier and to achieve greater holding capacity than screws with larger flank angles. Screws in the Thury thread system are given nominal sizes, with the base size "0" being six millimeters in diameter and having a thread pitch of one millimeter. Sizes are proportional, so a size "1" is ten percent smaller in diameter that a size "0", while a size −1 is ten percent larger than a size "0". The Thury thread was believed to be the first thread form to solve the problem of creating a single system of screw dimensions applicable to all sizes. The relationship between the pitch P of a Thury screw and its diameter D is expressed by the equation . Another variable Thury standardized is the thread depth, which had until then been variable when cutting threads in different materials. The proliferation of the Thury standard was hindered when in 1882, the British Science Association produced a committee report on the consideration of a standard screw gauge, where they declined to accept the Thury thread but instead chose to use the Whitworth thread standard previously designed by committee member Joseph Whitworth, in part because the Whitworth form was historically successful and because the committee did not believe England was prepared to use a metric thread as its standard. However, the committee recognized the validity of many of the design aspects of the Thury thread, and a mere two years later published their specifications for the British Association (BA) thread. The BA committee made only slight modifications to the rounding radii of Thury thread and gave specifications rounded to the nearest thousandth of an inch.

Paragraph 28: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 29: In the summer of 1918, the Board of Trustees of Rutgers College voted to establish a college for women that would be encompassed by the larger Rutgers University. Since the university’s original chartering in 1766 as Queen’s College, it had been committed to give the young adults of the state of New Jersey access to higher education. At the turn of the 20th century, as more and more young men went off to fight in the war, education for women began to be discussed further and was of greater importance. In fact, Mabel Smith Douglass, the first dean of the Women’s College, “along with the New Jersey federation of Women’s Clubs, led the movement, which began in earnest in 1911, to establish the institution." At this same meeting where the Board of Trustees voted to establish this college, a special committee was appointed to oversee the planning and management, to basically oversee the fruition of this decision. Locations for the college we are discussed in length as well as how much it would take to establish the college and who would run it. According to the recorded minutes, “The Board of Trustees has decided to take over the estate of Mrs. John N. Carpender, New Brunswick, near the college property” and Mrs. Douglass was to be appointed the Dean of the Women’s College. The estimated cost for the establishment of the college was $75,000. In addition to this, the board also hoped that the college could be established quickly enough to open that coming September. In the address given by university President, William Henry Demarest, in reference to the board’s meetings, he states, “An item of utmost importance is the coming into the market of the John N. Carpender property, near the college farm, 9 acres and a very large stone house [College Hall], which in the judgement of all consulted would be a best possible location and building for a start of the enterprise.” He later goes onto mention how the asking price for said property is $60,000, and himself and the board do not know how to finance their purchase. This leads to various meetings that would result in different campaigns to fund the purchase of the estate and the founding of the college. For each of these campaigns, more money was collected from private donors as well as the state so that the property could be rented out the college for the first few years of operation. However, the location of the college was not secure until a donation of $50,000 from Mr. James Neilson was made for the purchase of the College Hall Property in 1921.

Paragraph 30: Adolescents may withdraw from normal life, not taking action or acting as they usually would at work, in their marriage or at school, or be unable to make defining choices about the future. They may even turn to negative activities, such as crime or drugs since from their point of view having a negative identity could be more acceptable than none at all. On the other side of the spectrum, those who emerge from the adolescent stage of personality development with a strong sense of identity are well equipped to face adulthood with confidence and certainty. Erikson studied 8 stages that made up his theory. Ego identity was a key concept to understanding "What is identity" and it played a huge role in the conscious mind that includes fantasies, feelings, memories, perceptions, self- awareness, sensations, and thoughts; Each contributing a sense to self that is developed through social interaction. He felt that peers have a strong impact on the development of ego identity during adolescence. He believed that association with negative groups such as cults or fanatics could actually "redistrict" the developing ego during this fragile time. The basic strength that Erikson found should be developed during adolescence is fidelity, which only emerges from a cohesive ego identity. Fidelity is known to encompass sincerity, genuineness and a sense of duty in our relationships with other people. Erikson made it an argument between identity and confusion. Confusion lies between the younger generation, "teenagers", and during adolescents he states that they "need to develop a sense of self and personal identity". If they don't develop this sense of self, they will be insecure and lose themselves lacking that confidence and certainty they will be facing as an adult.He described identity as "a subjective sense as well as an observable quality of personal sameness and continuity, paired with some belief in the sameness and continuity of some shared world image. As a quality of unself-conscious living, this can be gloriously obvious in a young person who has found himself as he has found his commonality. In him we see emerge a unique unification of what is irreversibly given—that is, body type and temperament, giftedness and vulnerability, infantile models and acquired ideals—with the open choices provided in available roles, occupational possibilities, values offered, mentors met, friendships made, and first sexual encounters."

Paragraph 31: “The making of sculpture may be taken as a desire for wholeness: The recognition of one’s identity as part of the earth and its materials. In the confrontation of one’s inner image with physical materials, a dialogue begins and the result is a sculptural statement. Through this dialogue an attempt is made to clarify subject and object matter. The subject matter is the discovery, and not how much I know as I fabricate the sculpture. The object matter is the myriad of personal preconceptions that we transfer on to materials. People, cultures, other objects, past events - All become the excess baggage of symbols carried around with us. become the basis of abstract object art. Out of this confrontation, what we look for is the art of “The real.” The real is the dialogue between fabricator and his materials, not a dialogue with oneself. One wants to touch, walk the earth, and create a place for events. The material I have chosen to have a working dialogue with is stone. Stone, one of the oldest sculptural materials, not to be confused with its architectural use, has been limited by its outer boundaries, the monolithic block. I have attempted to overcome this by utilizing work methods derived from constructivism, the pitting together of separate blocks allowing space to become an active part of the sculpture. This is a unifying method of working that allows each unit of my sculptures to create its own reasons for existence. The process is analogous to crystallization. First there is the idea, the basis of an internal ordering of structure, expanded or split into different units. From this, the resulting segmentation of a conceptual idea through physical units hints at the crystallization. They become like stars in the night sky, each defined by its own space, but perceived together they make up the fabric of a universe.” —Bradford Graves.

Paragraph 32: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 33: In keeping with competition and fears among whites, they exercised a higher frequency of mob violence against blacks and lynchings of African Americans in this region than in other parts of the state. The pattern appears to be strongly associated with the history of slavery, the rural economy after the war, and white efforts to establish dominance in resulting race relations. In the late 19th-century white Democrats throughout the South sought to reimpose and maintain white supremacy. Between 1889 and 1919, a period that is considered the "nadir of racial relations" in the United States, Southern states disenfranchised most blacks through new constitutions and amendments. Lynchings of black men were numerous in the South in this period.

Paragraph 34: Soledad (Alejandra Onieva) is Francisca and Salvador's only common child and Pepa and Tristan's half-sister. She's proud, refined and kind-hearted lady from the upper class but suffers a lot because of her love for Juan (Jonàs Beramì), son of Francisca's and then Tristan's maid Rosario (Adelfa Calvo) and Alfonso's younger brother, who often gets into trouble. Soledad and Juan get married but soon divorce after Juan unintentionally causes Soledad's miscarriage, leaving her childless. Both of them try to move on, Juan by hiring a call girl named Enriqueta (Andrea Duro), who falls in love with him, and Soledad by getting engaged to Pepa's step-brother Olmo (Iago Garcìa). Olmo leaves Soledad when he finds out she is unable to have children, but then comes back when he learns that he has a son, Fernando, from his former school teacher with whom he had had an affair. Soledad refuses to accept Olmo and reunites with Juan whom she has always loved. They decide to move to Paris and start their life together again but Olmo and Enriqueta team up to stop them. When Soledad and Juan leave, Enriqueta comes across them and shoots at Soledad, but Juan sacrifices his life to save his beloved. Enriqueta flees, leaving Soledad heartbroken. However, the latter prefers retiring to a monastery than staying with Olmo. Years later, after several attempts of committing suicide, she returns home. Soledad is extremely depressed and to help her overcome her sadness, her servant and best friend, Mariana and the village's priest Padre Anselmo (Mario Martìn) decide to bring Soledad's happy memories of piano lessons by hiring a teacher. However, she has no interest, as her only wish is going to Paris where she would be happy with Juan and end her life there. The teacher helps her fulfill her wish. Later, Soledad returns from Paris. Changed. She's no longer the miserable person, with no desire for life, but a cheerful, vivacious and carefree woman who lives the way she wants. In Paris, she met Enriqueta, now begging on the streets, who revealed her everything about Olmo's true colours, including their alliance and how Juan's murder was part of his plan. This was not Olmo's solely crime, he also killed his own adoptive and Pepa's real mother for the sake of his inheritance and is responsible for Fernando's mother's death. Soledad goes back to Puente Viejo for 1 reason: punishing Olmo and stopping him from committing more crimes. With the help of Olmo's assassin, she exposes Olmo and sends him to jail. After that, she leaves to continue her life. When Fernando discovers that his father stands behind his mother's death, he disowns him. He even tries to get his father killed in jail. Olmo survives but loses his memory and turns into a modest, hard-working blue-collar worker. Soon, he gains his memory back but terrified of what he has done and fearing he would do such things again, commits suicide. Soledad marries Terence, an American gentleman with dark complexion but falls in love with Simòn (Jonàs Beramì), a blue-collar worker who looks just like Juan. Despite Soledad's affords to forget Simon and stay with her husband, Terence lets her free. She moves to Australia with Simon and they live happily ever after.

Paragraph 35: Adolescents may withdraw from normal life, not taking action or acting as they usually would at work, in their marriage or at school, or be unable to make defining choices about the future. They may even turn to negative activities, such as crime or drugs since from their point of view having a negative identity could be more acceptable than none at all. On the other side of the spectrum, those who emerge from the adolescent stage of personality development with a strong sense of identity are well equipped to face adulthood with confidence and certainty. Erikson studied 8 stages that made up his theory. Ego identity was a key concept to understanding "What is identity" and it played a huge role in the conscious mind that includes fantasies, feelings, memories, perceptions, self- awareness, sensations, and thoughts; Each contributing a sense to self that is developed through social interaction. He felt that peers have a strong impact on the development of ego identity during adolescence. He believed that association with negative groups such as cults or fanatics could actually "redistrict" the developing ego during this fragile time. The basic strength that Erikson found should be developed during adolescence is fidelity, which only emerges from a cohesive ego identity. Fidelity is known to encompass sincerity, genuineness and a sense of duty in our relationships with other people. Erikson made it an argument between identity and confusion. Confusion lies between the younger generation, "teenagers", and during adolescents he states that they "need to develop a sense of self and personal identity". If they don't develop this sense of self, they will be insecure and lose themselves lacking that confidence and certainty they will be facing as an adult.He described identity as "a subjective sense as well as an observable quality of personal sameness and continuity, paired with some belief in the sameness and continuity of some shared world image. As a quality of unself-conscious living, this can be gloriously obvious in a young person who has found himself as he has found his commonality. In him we see emerge a unique unification of what is irreversibly given—that is, body type and temperament, giftedness and vulnerability, infantile models and acquired ideals—with the open choices provided in available roles, occupational possibilities, values offered, mentors met, friendships made, and first sexual encounters."

Paragraph 36: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 37: }}Chlamydia psittaci is a lethal intracellular bacterial species that may cause endemic avian chlamydiosis, epizootic outbreaks in mammals, and respiratory psittacosis in humans. Potential hosts include feral birds and domesticated poultry, as well as cattle, pigs, sheep, and horses. C. psittaci is transmitted by inhalation, contact, or ingestion among birds and to mammals. Psittacosis in birds and in humans often starts with flu-like symptoms and becomes a life-threatening pneumonia. Many strains remain quiescent in birds until activated by stress. Birds are excellent, highly mobile vectors for the distribution of chlamydia infection, because they feed on, and have access to, the detritus of infected animals of all sorts.C. psittaci in birds is often systemic, and infections can be inapparent, severe, acute, or chronic with intermittent shedding. C. psittaci strains in birds infect mucosal epithelial cells and macrophages of the respiratory tract. Septicaemia eventually develops and the bacteria become localized in epithelial cells and macrophages of most organs, conjunctiva, and gastrointestinal tracts. It can also be passed in the eggs. Stress will commonly trigger onset of severe symptoms, resulting in rapid deterioration and death. C. psittaci strains are similar in virulence, grow readily in cell culture, have 16S rRNA genes that differ by <0.8%, and belong to eight known serotypes. All should be considered to be readily transmissible to humans.C. psittaci serovar A is endemic among psittacine birds and has caused sporadic zoonotic disease in humans, other mammals, and tortoises. Serovar B is endemic among pigeons, has been isolated from turkeys, and has also been identified as the cause of abortion in herds of dairy cattle.  Serovars C and D are occupational hazards for slaughterhouse workers and for people in contact with birds. Serovar E isolates (known as Cal-10, MP or MN) have been obtained from a variety of avian hosts worldwide and, although they were associated with the 1920s–1930s outbreak in humans, a specific reservoir for serovar E has not been identified. The M56 and WC serovars were isolated during outbreaks in mammals. Many C. psittaci strains are susceptible to bacteriophages.

Paragraph 38: The Lake Causeway (Calzada del Lago in Spanish) runs north from the lake shore to the city centre, where it continues as Via 5. The total length of the causeway and the via is around . The Lake Causeway was designed to allow the rapid movement of goods and people between the city and the lake, and easy access to water. The Lake Causeway probably developed from a Middle Preclassic pathway that ran between the shore and the early settlement. The earliest version of the Lake Causeway was built in the Late Preclassic; it was about  wide and was raised  above natural ground level. The Via 5 continuation did not exist in the Late Preclassic, when the later city centre had not yet developed. During the Late Classic the causeway was further developed and extended with the formal construction of Via 5 running across the site core. The point where the two met was deliberately narrowed with the construction of flanking buildings and is likely to have been a guardpost where access to the site core was controlled. It is likely that travellers and goods arriving at the city were inspected and taxed at this control point. At its narrowest point the entrance from the causeway to Via 5 was just  wide. Parapets were erected flanking the Lake Causeway; they stood approximately  high and varied from  wide. The southern extreme of the causeway was modified with the construction of a stucco-covered platform with masonry walls defining the east and south sides. From the southern end of the causeway to the union with Via 5 there is an approximate difference in altitude of more than . There is some evidence that steps were carved from the limestone bedrock where the southern platform met the Lake Causeway. During a second phase of construction in the Late Classic, the southern platform was enlarged to measure  east-west by  north-south. The platform was supported on the south and east sides by refurbished talud walls coated in stucco. The causeway itself was redesigned as a long ramp that joined the southern platform with the city centre and the junction with Via 5. In the Terminal Classic (c. AD 800–900) the southern end of the Lake Causeway was re-dressed with limestone fill. The stepped sides of the southern platform were filled in and covered with stone to form ramps. At about this time Stela A, a plain monument, was erected on the platform. Also in the Terminal Classic the restrictions at the north end of the causeway where it met Via 5 were removed; the whole area was levelled with finely dressed stone and mortar that left the access free for the entire width of the causeway. Ceramic remains recovered from the Lake Causeway are scarce and poorly preserved due to the strong waterflow along the incline caused during the rain season, resulting in artefacts being eroded and washed downhill towards the lake.

Paragraph 39: In the summer of 1918, the Board of Trustees of Rutgers College voted to establish a college for women that would be encompassed by the larger Rutgers University. Since the university’s original chartering in 1766 as Queen’s College, it had been committed to give the young adults of the state of New Jersey access to higher education. At the turn of the 20th century, as more and more young men went off to fight in the war, education for women began to be discussed further and was of greater importance. In fact, Mabel Smith Douglass, the first dean of the Women’s College, “along with the New Jersey federation of Women’s Clubs, led the movement, which began in earnest in 1911, to establish the institution." At this same meeting where the Board of Trustees voted to establish this college, a special committee was appointed to oversee the planning and management, to basically oversee the fruition of this decision. Locations for the college we are discussed in length as well as how much it would take to establish the college and who would run it. According to the recorded minutes, “The Board of Trustees has decided to take over the estate of Mrs. John N. Carpender, New Brunswick, near the college property” and Mrs. Douglass was to be appointed the Dean of the Women’s College. The estimated cost for the establishment of the college was $75,000. In addition to this, the board also hoped that the college could be established quickly enough to open that coming September. In the address given by university President, William Henry Demarest, in reference to the board’s meetings, he states, “An item of utmost importance is the coming into the market of the John N. Carpender property, near the college farm, 9 acres and a very large stone house [College Hall], which in the judgement of all consulted would be a best possible location and building for a start of the enterprise.” He later goes onto mention how the asking price for said property is $60,000, and himself and the board do not know how to finance their purchase. This leads to various meetings that would result in different campaigns to fund the purchase of the estate and the founding of the college. For each of these campaigns, more money was collected from private donors as well as the state so that the property could be rented out the college for the first few years of operation. However, the location of the college was not secure until a donation of $50,000 from Mr. James Neilson was made for the purchase of the College Hall Property in 1921.

Paragraph 40: The fineness of a precious metal object (coin, bar, jewelry, etc.) represents the weight of fine metal therein, in proportion to the total weight which includes alloying base metals and any impurities. Alloy metals are added to increase hardness and durability of coins and jewelry, alter colors, decrease the cost per weight, or avoid the cost of high-purity refinement. For example, copper is added to the precious metal silver to make a more durable alloy for use in coins, housewares and jewelry. Coin silver, which was used for making silver coins in the past, contains 90% silver and 10% copper, by mass. Sterling silver contains 92.5% silver and 7.5% of other metals, usually copper, by mass.

Paragraph 41: Ordered to Grafton, Va., January 25. Moved from Grafton to New Creek, Va., February 3, 1862. Expedition to Romney February 6. Expedition to Moorefield February 12–16. Action at Moorefield February 12. Moved to Grafton February 19, and duty there until March 31. Moved to Green Spring River March 31, then to Romney April 10. Ordered to Join Milroy at Monterey. Battle of McDowell May 8. March to the Shenandoah Valley May 26–29. Near Franklin May 26. Harrisonburg June 6. Battle of Cross Keys June 8. At Middletown until July 7, and at Sperryville until August 8. Reconnaissance to Madison Court House July 16–19. Battle of Cedar Mountain August 9 (in reserve). Slaughter Mountain August 10. Pope's Campaign in northern Virginia August 16-September 2. Catlett's Station August 22. Battles of Bull Run August 28–30. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D.C., until December. Reconnaissance to Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction September 25–28. Moved to Fredericksburg December 12–16. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Gettysburg Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg July 1–3. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. At Catlett's Station, Va., July 25 to September 24. Movement to Bridgeport, Ala., September 24-October 3. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Battle of Wauhatchie, Tenn., October 28–29. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Tunnel Hill November 24–25. Missionary Ridge November 25. March to relief of Knoxville, Tenn., November 28-December 17. Duty in Lookout Valley until May 1864. Atlanta Campaign May 1 to September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Buzzard's Roost Gap May 8–9. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. Action at New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church, and Allatoona Hills May 26-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Cassville June 20. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruffs Station July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Farmer's Ferry August 27. Occupation of Atlanta September 2 to November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S.C., February 2. North Edisto River February 12–13. Reconnaissance on Goldsboro Road, near Fayetteville, N.C., March 14. Taylor's Hole Creek, Aversyboro, March 16. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 10, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 42: In keeping with competition and fears among whites, they exercised a higher frequency of mob violence against blacks and lynchings of African Americans in this region than in other parts of the state. The pattern appears to be strongly associated with the history of slavery, the rural economy after the war, and white efforts to establish dominance in resulting race relations. In the late 19th-century white Democrats throughout the South sought to reimpose and maintain white supremacy. Between 1889 and 1919, a period that is considered the "nadir of racial relations" in the United States, Southern states disenfranchised most blacks through new constitutions and amendments. Lynchings of black men were numerous in the South in this period.

Paragraph 43: In 1992, Lanning began posing the idea of starting Oddworld Inhabitants with McKenna. After working with 3D animation in films and television, he correctly predicted that they would be integrated into video games, exploding the medium into the future. When he had heard the rumour of a new gaming console called the PlayStation, he asked McKenna if she would partner with him in starting a company by combining her skills in business and the film industry with his knowledge in computer graphics animation. He showed her Doom running on a PC, but McKenna was initially not very receptive to the idea, believing games to be "ugly and confusing," and liking Lanning's story of Abe for a movie rather than a video game. Lanning explained that it was an economic connection they needed to make because the medium was ready to take off, and that they could be the Cecil B. DeMilles of video games. After two years of convincing, and hearing Lanning tell his story of Abe she eventually agreed to go along, but "he had to come up with the start-up money", Lanning went out and presented his idea for what would later become Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee, and discovered two things worked in his favour: his time in aerospace technology made him the only developer with any experience in 3D computer animation at a time when the video game industry was ready to enter the 3D computer animation landscape; and the venture capitalist investors were responsive to "hearing that someone would be approaching content in a more filmic storytelling, deeply character driven way." They were inexperienced in the gaming industry, which allowed him to get away with a story that otherwise would not have been accepted. Lanning returned to McKenna with three and a half million dollars that he borrowed based on his 3D expertise, and they moved from Hollywood to San Luis Obispo in September 1994, where Oddworld Inhabitants was started.

Paragraph 44: “The making of sculpture may be taken as a desire for wholeness: The recognition of one’s identity as part of the earth and its materials. In the confrontation of one’s inner image with physical materials, a dialogue begins and the result is a sculptural statement. Through this dialogue an attempt is made to clarify subject and object matter. The subject matter is the discovery, and not how much I know as I fabricate the sculpture. The object matter is the myriad of personal preconceptions that we transfer on to materials. People, cultures, other objects, past events - All become the excess baggage of symbols carried around with us. become the basis of abstract object art. Out of this confrontation, what we look for is the art of “The real.” The real is the dialogue between fabricator and his materials, not a dialogue with oneself. One wants to touch, walk the earth, and create a place for events. The material I have chosen to have a working dialogue with is stone. Stone, one of the oldest sculptural materials, not to be confused with its architectural use, has been limited by its outer boundaries, the monolithic block. I have attempted to overcome this by utilizing work methods derived from constructivism, the pitting together of separate blocks allowing space to become an active part of the sculpture. This is a unifying method of working that allows each unit of my sculptures to create its own reasons for existence. The process is analogous to crystallization. First there is the idea, the basis of an internal ordering of structure, expanded or split into different units. From this, the resulting segmentation of a conceptual idea through physical units hints at the crystallization. They become like stars in the night sky, each defined by its own space, but perceived together they make up the fabric of a universe.” —Bradford Graves.