Paragraph 1: "Lasts" only became an area of study once the area of "firsts" (generally referred to as "Famous Firsts") was well established for decades. Today there are dozens of books that have been published about specific areas using the now established term, "famous first..." "Famous Firsts" are often heralded as news stories and may be documented with patents and even with celebrations. "Firsts" have been recorded for a long time and are a widely documented area of study, most particularly in the core library reference work Famous First Facts by Joseph Nathan Kane, first published by H. W. Wilson Company in 1933. Kane was the first to provide a comprehensive collation of "famous firsts." To this day, with each subsequent edition released (now in its 7th edition), "Kane's" remains H.W. Wilson's largest-selling single volume reference work. Many of Kane's entries are actually rather obscure, so the term "famous first" can be misleading; they are more accurately termed "notable;" hence the term "notable last" was chosen for the study of lasts, rather than "famous lasts." The term "famous last" could have not only a similarly misleading connotation, but also be potentially confused with the cautionary words of advice, "famous last words", often uttered sarcastically when an undertaking or prediction is made. Recognition of "firsts" has received more attention given the importance our society places on innovation, ingenuity and discovery. Thus, "firsts" are easier to research and authenticate. A "last", on the other hand, frequently is difficult to track down, as there is not an analogous historical record. A few small trivia books have compiled a limited number of "lasts" (particularly two small British works by Christopher Slee and a generalized work by trivia compiler Charles Panati). These are works that include general "lasts," not only "notable lasts" as defined in the first substantial work on "notable lasts" called Notable Last Facts published by Reference Desk Press, Inc. by William B. Brahms in 2005. Brahms' work was recognized by the American Library Association publication Booklist as 2005's "best addition to the trivia shelf".

Paragraph 2: A variety of recipes have been described for obtaining this blue-green patina on copper, brass, or bronze. It was originally made by hanging copper plates over hot vinegar in a sealed pot until a green crust formed on the copper. Another method, used in the Middle Ages, was to attach copper strips to a wooden block with acetic acid, then bury the sealed block in dung. A few weeks later, the block was to be dug up, and the verdigris scraped off. In eighteenth-century Montpellier, France, it was manufactured in household cellars, "where copper plates were stacked in clay pots filled with distilled wine." The verdigris was scraped off weekly by the women of the household.  Copper(II) acetate is prepared by treatment of copper(II) hydroxide with acetic acid.

Paragraph 3: A lot of people, it just kicks 'em right in the head. This is a strange thing to say, but 30 or 40 years ago, I don't think the ending would have been quite so surprising. Because, even though Hollywood is built upon the convention of happy endings, in the old days there was always the 20 percent, or something like that, that weren't. And therefore, if you didn't give 'em a happy ending it wasn't, like, out of nowhere. Now, there's just no movies that are like this. They'll have muted, sad endings ... but the idea that you're gonna shoot down your protagonist, shoot him dead ... But, you know, at the same time I think the film does have a positive ending. It's not a happy ending, but it's a positive ending. I mean, the character does achieve redemption on his own terms. And he always understood what the stakes were, he understood the code he was living by ... But I suspect that that's probably too difficult a calculation for most observers ... I think there's a problem with audiences coming into the movie, because they don't know what to expect. I always thought the proper title of the movie should be, in the Elizabethan sense, The Tragedy of Johnny Handsome. If you told everybody that's what the title of the movie was, they'd kind of be prepared. The story is organized along the lines of a rather more classic tragedy. It's certainly organized around the principle that character is destiny. ... I think it's a movie about moral choice, not psychological truth. If there is such a thing as psychological truth. I think my movies are very much about character. I take the view of character that has basically prevailed for about 2,000 years, up until the end of the second World War. Which is -- this is a vulgar oversimplification -- but it's that `What I do is my character, my actions define my character.' After the second World War, thanks to theories of modern psychology and confusion about what was scientific and what wasn't, the definition of character became much more, `How did I become what I am?' I am not so much interested in that theory as I am in the previous theory. And I think that throws you profoundly out of step with your peers and with the critical community. Not so much around the world, but certainly in the United States. But I think it's changing.

Paragraph 4: Temple Fortune Football Club was formed on 28th December 1968 at Princes Park by a group of local youngsters who originally played in the park in the mid-1960s. The club joined the Maccabi (Southern) Football League (MGBSFL) in 1976 and were founder members of the Maccabi Masters Football League (veterans) in 1999. Having played at numerous venues in the London Borough of Barnet and Harrow, the club currently hosts home matches at Silver Jubilee Park in Kingsbury where a brand-new artificial pitch was laid in June 2022. The club's traditional colours are yellow, red and navy blue, which have been mainly worn since 1985. The club's crest is a shield with 'TFFC' lettering in white on a red panel, above a navy blue panelled football centred on a yellow background with red pinstripes. The wording 'Founded 1968' appears curved under the football, coloured navy blue. The club's motto is 'Fortune Favours The Brave'. In 2018 TFFC celebrated its golden anniversary by holding a commemorative lunch, attended by long-serving members and David Wolff (chairman of the MGBSFL) and a special match at Princes Park, on the very pitch where small-sided games had been played leading up to the formation in 1968. The club also produced a 104-page book to commemorate 50 years of existence. One of the club's founders, Nigel Kyte, still runs the main admin of Temple Fortune FC over 53 years on as the club chairman. The club currently runs three league teams and the First Team manager is Simon Linden who is also the vice-chairman. Kerry Higham became the second female member to serve on the club's management committee when elected in June 2022. The club's website is www.tffc.co.uk and social media accounts are run on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. (Source: Temple Fortune FC website archives, verified by club chairman and TFFC historian Nigel Kyte. Updated: November 2022)

Paragraph 5: In continuous operation, all steps are ongoing continuously in time. During usual continuous operation, the feeding and product removal are ongoing streams of moving material, which together with the process itself, all take place simultaneously and continuously.  Chemical plants or units in continuous operation are usually in a steady state or approximate steady state. Steady state means that quantities related to the process do not change as time passes during operation. Such constant quantities include stream flow rates, heating or cooling rates, temperatures, pressures, and chemical compositions at any given point (location). Continuous operation is more efficient in many large scale operations like petroleum refineries. It is possible for some units to operate continuously and others be in batch operation in a chemical plant; for example, see Continuous distillation and Batch distillation. The amount of primary feedstock or product per unit of time which a plant or unit can process is referred to as the capacity of that plant or unit.  For examples: the capacity of an oil refinery may be given in terms of barrels of crude oil refined per day; alternatively chemical plant capacity may be given in tons of product produced per day.  In actual daily operation, a plant (or unit) will operate at a percentage of its full capacity. Engineers typically assume 90% operating time for plants which work primarily with fluids, and 80% uptime for plants which primarily work with solids.

Paragraph 6: A new family, the Harrisons, move into South Park, and their son, Gary, stereotypically depicted as unusually perfect (achieving high grades, being state champion in sports, being perfectly polite, etc.), invokes the wrath of the other boys. Stan is drafted into the job of beating him up by the other children, but Gary's sheer politeness leads Stan to discover himself walking away with an invitation to dinner that night.  Stan meets Gary's family, an overly friendly, loving, talented family (including a very articulate infant). After dinner, the five-child, two-parent family has "Family Home Evening" where they play games, do performance art and read from the Book of Mormon. Stan is intrigued and confused by all this, and asks his parents about the Mormon family's beliefs. Randy (his father) concludes that they must be religious fanatics attempting to brainwash Stan, and heads over to confront Mr. Harrison and beat him up. Instead, he too finds himself quelled by the family's perfection and politeness, and in the end, actually decides to convert to Mormonism himself. The next day, Kenny, Cartman and Kyle cruelly mock Stan for hanging around with Gary and his family, accusing Stan of going on a date with Gary. When the Harrisons and Gary show up, the three children walk off lying about going to "put in some volunteer work at the homeless shelter".

Paragraph 7: As the series is set in the then-present day, the special effects team, headed by Derek Meddings, were not required to design many futuristic-looking vehicles. Their main tasks were to build the Ford Model T, Gabriel, create miniature replicas of vehicles and settings common to the 1960s, and produce the optical effects for Matthew Harding's "minimisation". Three versions of Gabriel were built: one full-sized car and two models in differing scales. The car was fitted with belt-driven electric motors, an upholstered interior, a folding roof and a radio control mechanism so that it could be driven remotely. The location work using the car was conducted in and around Burnham Beeches during the autumn of 1968 and proved challenging as filming was often disrupted by low light levels. On some days only two minutes of footage were recorded. Technician "Wag" Evans, who was responsible for operating the car's radio control, remembered "standing out of shot and having to 'drive' [the car] down the road while it was out of view. Often I didn't know where it was, or where and when it had stopped." A crew member with a large cushion would be on hand to bring the car to a halt whenever it went out of control.

Paragraph 8: A new family, the Harrisons, move into South Park, and their son, Gary, stereotypically depicted as unusually perfect (achieving high grades, being state champion in sports, being perfectly polite, etc.), invokes the wrath of the other boys. Stan is drafted into the job of beating him up by the other children, but Gary's sheer politeness leads Stan to discover himself walking away with an invitation to dinner that night.  Stan meets Gary's family, an overly friendly, loving, talented family (including a very articulate infant). After dinner, the five-child, two-parent family has "Family Home Evening" where they play games, do performance art and read from the Book of Mormon. Stan is intrigued and confused by all this, and asks his parents about the Mormon family's beliefs. Randy (his father) concludes that they must be religious fanatics attempting to brainwash Stan, and heads over to confront Mr. Harrison and beat him up. Instead, he too finds himself quelled by the family's perfection and politeness, and in the end, actually decides to convert to Mormonism himself. The next day, Kenny, Cartman and Kyle cruelly mock Stan for hanging around with Gary and his family, accusing Stan of going on a date with Gary. When the Harrisons and Gary show up, the three children walk off lying about going to "put in some volunteer work at the homeless shelter".

Paragraph 9: Temple Fortune Football Club was formed on 28th December 1968 at Princes Park by a group of local youngsters who originally played in the park in the mid-1960s. The club joined the Maccabi (Southern) Football League (MGBSFL) in 1976 and were founder members of the Maccabi Masters Football League (veterans) in 1999. Having played at numerous venues in the London Borough of Barnet and Harrow, the club currently hosts home matches at Silver Jubilee Park in Kingsbury where a brand-new artificial pitch was laid in June 2022. The club's traditional colours are yellow, red and navy blue, which have been mainly worn since 1985. The club's crest is a shield with 'TFFC' lettering in white on a red panel, above a navy blue panelled football centred on a yellow background with red pinstripes. The wording 'Founded 1968' appears curved under the football, coloured navy blue. The club's motto is 'Fortune Favours The Brave'. In 2018 TFFC celebrated its golden anniversary by holding a commemorative lunch, attended by long-serving members and David Wolff (chairman of the MGBSFL) and a special match at Princes Park, on the very pitch where small-sided games had been played leading up to the formation in 1968. The club also produced a 104-page book to commemorate 50 years of existence. One of the club's founders, Nigel Kyte, still runs the main admin of Temple Fortune FC over 53 years on as the club chairman. The club currently runs three league teams and the First Team manager is Simon Linden who is also the vice-chairman. Kerry Higham became the second female member to serve on the club's management committee when elected in June 2022. The club's website is www.tffc.co.uk and social media accounts are run on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. (Source: Temple Fortune FC website archives, verified by club chairman and TFFC historian Nigel Kyte. Updated: November 2022)

Paragraph 10: During a caution period the safety car (which generally consists of an aptly modified high-performance production car) enters the track ahead of the leader. Depending on the regulations in effect, competitors are not normally allowed to pass the safety car or other competitors during a caution period, and the safety car leads the field at a pre-determined safe speed, which may vary by series and circuit. At the end of the caution period, the safety car leaves the track and the competitors resume normal racing. The first reliance on this safety measure occurred with the deployment of a pace car during the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911.

Paragraph 11: The rakali is a predominantly carnivorous species, feeding on a variety of aquatic animals including fish, crustaceans, shellfish, small birds, eggs, mammals, frogs, and reptiles. In winter, when resources are limited, they will also feed on plants. A mostly nocturnal species, they search for their food at dusk; guided by sight while in the water, and hunting at the water’s edge with the apparent memory of previous catches’ locations. They can also exhibit crepuscular habits, being found swimming and feeding in the early morning and evening. The animal does not tolerate low temperatures well, so they prefer terrestrial prey in winter over the aquatic species. They also spend longer winter periods in the warmth of their burrows. A relatively new addition to their diet is, specifically, the heart and liver of the toxic cane toad, in regions where the toads have moved into their territory. The rakali have naturally figured out how to avoid the toad’s poisonous shoulder glands by flipping them onto their backs for ease of dispatch. They are,  seemingly, unaffected by any poisonous secretions on the toads’ skin which they may inadvertently ingest. This makes the rakali one of the very few natural defenses in the fight to contain the cane toad’s population boom and spreading westward. Since the early twentieth century (when cane toads were blindly introduced to supposedly control sugar cane beetles on farms), the toads in Australia have multiplied from an initial 100 animals to as many as 100 million. Their poisonous skin secretions (which the eggs and tadpoles contain as well) can kill a dog or cat, and have contributed to the decline of several species of Australian reptiles, mammals, fish, and birds.

Paragraph 12: The rakali is a predominantly carnivorous species, feeding on a variety of aquatic animals including fish, crustaceans, shellfish, small birds, eggs, mammals, frogs, and reptiles. In winter, when resources are limited, they will also feed on plants. A mostly nocturnal species, they search for their food at dusk; guided by sight while in the water, and hunting at the water’s edge with the apparent memory of previous catches’ locations. They can also exhibit crepuscular habits, being found swimming and feeding in the early morning and evening. The animal does not tolerate low temperatures well, so they prefer terrestrial prey in winter over the aquatic species. They also spend longer winter periods in the warmth of their burrows. A relatively new addition to their diet is, specifically, the heart and liver of the toxic cane toad, in regions where the toads have moved into their territory. The rakali have naturally figured out how to avoid the toad’s poisonous shoulder glands by flipping them onto their backs for ease of dispatch. They are,  seemingly, unaffected by any poisonous secretions on the toads’ skin which they may inadvertently ingest. This makes the rakali one of the very few natural defenses in the fight to contain the cane toad’s population boom and spreading westward. Since the early twentieth century (when cane toads were blindly introduced to supposedly control sugar cane beetles on farms), the toads in Australia have multiplied from an initial 100 animals to as many as 100 million. Their poisonous skin secretions (which the eggs and tadpoles contain as well) can kill a dog or cat, and have contributed to the decline of several species of Australian reptiles, mammals, fish, and birds.

Paragraph 13: Brooke and Ridge met when she asked her mother to help cater a Forrester party so she could meet Ridge. She fell instantly in love with the handsome playboy Ridge, who was engaged to be married to Caroline Spencer. After finding out that Ridge had spent the night with Alex, Caroline collapsed at the wedding and broke it off with Ridge. Caroline was raped shortly after that, and Brooke shortly befriended her after visiting her at the hospital. Brooke was so smitten with Ridge that she broke off her engagement to David, a police officer, because even her brother knew she would never be happy on a cop's pay. Hiding a letter Ridge wrote to Caroline spilling his heart to her and telling her he loved her, Brooke conspired with Thorne to keep Ridge and Caroline apart. Caroline became engaged to Thorne and Brooke and Ridge fell in love with each other, with Brooke becoming pregnant. Ridge and Caroline hid their true feelings for each other. Once Brooke lost the baby in a tragic miscarriage, Ridge broke off the relationship with her and began one with Caroline again. Caroline broke it off with Thorne after admitting she was still in love with Ridge, and they quickly married. A devastated Brooke turned to Eric for comfort and ended up pregnant, so Eric married her. After the death of Caroline Ridge met and fell in love with Taylor Hayes, the doctor who cared for Caroline. Despite this, Ridge was still involved with and loved both women, Brooke and Taylor, while Taylor herself was also involved with Brooke's brother Storm. Brooke created the wrinkle-free formula BeLieF for design house Forrester Creations and celebrated with Ridge by making love on the lab floor. Brooke and Ridge were intimate again when they believed that Eric wanted Stephanie back thanks to a forged letter from Stephanie. In the end however, Ridge chose Taylor as he did not want to be the cause of the end of Brooke and his father's marriage, and hoped if he chose Taylor, Brooke would stay with Eric. On the wedding day of Ridge and Taylor, Brooke ran to find them thinking she was pregnant with her and Ridge's child, when in fact she was pregnant with her and Eric's second child, Bridget. A paternity test was later conducted, with Sheila Carter tampering with the results and having everyone believe Ridge was the father; it would be years later before the truth about Bridget's true parentage was revealed.

Paragraph 14: Following the 1980 general election, Joyal served as co-chair of the Joint Committee on the Patriation of the Canadian Constitution. In 1982, he joined the Cabinet of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau as a Minister of State. He was appointed Secretary of State for Canada in 1982. When John Turner succeeded Trudeau in June 1984, Joyal remained in cabinet as Secretary of State. Joyal but lost his seat in the 1984 election that defeated the Turner government. On November 26, 1997, Joyal was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the recommendation of Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and serves on a number of committees specialising in legal and constitutional affairs.

Paragraph 15: On July 30, 2004, after a job offer made via email, she joined CNN en Español as the anchor of the weekend news program Mirador Mundial.  She has since covered numerous important stories for CNN en Español, including the U.S. elections, the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami aftermath, and the death of Pope John Paul II, and has interviewed the president of Bolivia, Evo Morales, and one of his predecessors, Carlos Mesa.  She has also served as host of CNN en Español's weekly travel program, Destinos.  In 2012, she left her position at CNN en Español to return to Colombia for reasons of both family and career fulfillment.

Paragraph 16: Ongoing investigations since 2000 have shown that the Martin County water supply is still a major issue within the region and drinking water is neither safe nor affordable. Shortly after the initial coal slurry in 2000, Martin County residents were informed by both the EPA and coal companies responsible that their water was safe to drink due to a brief investigation into the water filtration plant. However, a water plant inspection report that occurred at the same time found that the water filters and control valves were not properly taken care of. However, this report was undisclosed. In 2002 the Kentucky state government launched an investigation that resulted in forty-three problems being addressed in the Martin County water supply. However, subsequent relaunches of this investigation in 2006 and 2016 into the MCWD’s operations found that the MCWD had failed to implement any solutions to the forty-three problems and had not taken steps to improve drinking water infrastructure. In 2016 the "Martin County Water Warriors" was founded as a result of the Flint Michigan water crisis and aimed to investigate water issues in the region and spread awareness about water leaks through social media. In 2018, a rate increase in drinking water prompted an investigation by the Appalachian Citizens’ Law Center & Martin County Concerned Citizens. While this rate increase was approved by city regulators so long as Martin County hired a professional outside manager for expertise, this caused a sequence of economic problems for residents. In the drinking water affordability report, headed by Mary Cromer and Nicki Draper, a 41.5% increase in water service cost was noted to have occurred since January 2018, with more rate increases expected. This was reported along with the finding that 18.1% of Martin County households with an income of less than $10,000 had water burden levels well above the EPA’s affordability threshold. In addition, it was noted that significant water loss had been occurring in treatment plants such that it was affecting water affordability greatly. Safety issues were also outlined in this report, as a University of Kentucky study found unsafe levels of trihalomethane and coliform bacteria in 15-20% of homes studied. In June 2019, an investigation by the Kentucky Attorney General was launched in order to potentially charge individuals on the Martin County water district board with misappropriation of money, theft of grant money, and potentially receiving free water. However, this investigation returned none of these charges. Martin County’s 2020 CCR report did not find any violations in water contaminants, after investigating potential sources of roads, bridges, culverts, and oil and gas pipelines. After an investigation in 2021, residents of the Martin County Water District received letters noting that their system had violated a drinking water requirement. The water was found to have spiked turbidity levels due to a flood, and the system was unable to react to this large issue. The water is still deemed safe, ].

Paragraph 17:  The Mad Scientist (voiced by Les Claypool for the laughter and line in the opening and David Lynch for the speaking voice from Season 10 onwards) – A scientist who revived the Robot Chicken. He has wild white hair and a diabolical grin. His real name is revealed to be Fritz Huhnmörder (German for "chicken murderer") in the Season 3 episode "Werewolf vs. Unicorn". He was killed by the Robot Chicken after the events of the 100th episode only for him to be revived as a cyborg in the sixth season's opening sequence, and then gets his revenge by forcing the Mad Scientist to watch the same sketches that he had previously forced the Robot Chicken to watch. In the Season 10 episode "Fila Ogden in: Maggie's Got a Full Load" with the Saturday Night Live-styled opening, the Mad Scientist's nickname is Rick Sanchez, named after another Adult Swim mad scientist character due to his resemblance to the same character. He actually has five kids, in which they include his crazed son, a teenage daughter who is goth, an eight-year-old daughter, and infant twins: a boy named Damien, and a girl named Rhiannon. Additionally, he also has a wife named Kathrine. It also reveals that the Mad Scientist's birthday is on January 21.

Paragraph 18: Temple Fortune Football Club was formed on 28th December 1968 at Princes Park by a group of local youngsters who originally played in the park in the mid-1960s. The club joined the Maccabi (Southern) Football League (MGBSFL) in 1976 and were founder members of the Maccabi Masters Football League (veterans) in 1999. Having played at numerous venues in the London Borough of Barnet and Harrow, the club currently hosts home matches at Silver Jubilee Park in Kingsbury where a brand-new artificial pitch was laid in June 2022. The club's traditional colours are yellow, red and navy blue, which have been mainly worn since 1985. The club's crest is a shield with 'TFFC' lettering in white on a red panel, above a navy blue panelled football centred on a yellow background with red pinstripes. The wording 'Founded 1968' appears curved under the football, coloured navy blue. The club's motto is 'Fortune Favours The Brave'. In 2018 TFFC celebrated its golden anniversary by holding a commemorative lunch, attended by long-serving members and David Wolff (chairman of the MGBSFL) and a special match at Princes Park, on the very pitch where small-sided games had been played leading up to the formation in 1968. The club also produced a 104-page book to commemorate 50 years of existence. One of the club's founders, Nigel Kyte, still runs the main admin of Temple Fortune FC over 53 years on as the club chairman. The club currently runs three league teams and the First Team manager is Simon Linden who is also the vice-chairman. Kerry Higham became the second female member to serve on the club's management committee when elected in June 2022. The club's website is www.tffc.co.uk and social media accounts are run on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. (Source: Temple Fortune FC website archives, verified by club chairman and TFFC historian Nigel Kyte. Updated: November 2022)

Paragraph 19: During a caution period the safety car (which generally consists of an aptly modified high-performance production car) enters the track ahead of the leader. Depending on the regulations in effect, competitors are not normally allowed to pass the safety car or other competitors during a caution period, and the safety car leads the field at a pre-determined safe speed, which may vary by series and circuit. At the end of the caution period, the safety car leaves the track and the competitors resume normal racing. The first reliance on this safety measure occurred with the deployment of a pace car during the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911.

Paragraph 20: While getting into her car one night, Marjorie is attacked at knifepoint by a masked assailant who forces her to drive to a remote location, where he tries to sexually assault her. She manages to flee but leaves her purse behind. While at the police station, she is told that without a positive identification of her attacker, it will be her word against his, and he will likely not face any criminal charges. In the following days, Marjorie lives in continued fear. Meanwhile, her attacker, revealed to be Joe, uses the information from her purse to find out where she lives and also steals mail from the home she shares with her roommates, Pat and Terry, to gain insight into their lives. One morning, while Pat and Terry are away at work, Joe casually enters her home, claiming he is looking for someone who owes him money. Marjorie quickly realizes he is the man who attacked her  and tries to escape, but Joe overpowers her. Throughout the day, Joe repeatedly physically and psychologically abuses her. As he attempts to rape her, Marjorie manages to subdue him by spraying wasp repellent into his eyes. As she tries to flee once again, Joe taunts her by saying that since he did not actually rape her, the police will let him go, and he vows to come back and kill her. Marjorie binds him, confines him in the fireplace, and plans to murder him. When Pat and Terry return home, they try to convince Marjorie to think of the consequences of her decision and to go to the police. Joe tries to manipulate them into turning against Marjorie and believing that he is the victim. As Marjorie tries to force Joe to confess to what he has done to her, he claims that he and Marjorie were lovers and that she attacked him when he came to end their relationship. Marjorie removes the knife he previously used on her from his jacket, as well as the mail he stole. She threatens to castrate him if he does not admit the truth. Defeated, Joe confesses that he intended to kill Marjorie, as well as Pat and Terry. He also confesses to raping and murdering three prior women. Marjorie, finally at peace, tells Pat and Terry to alert the police.

Paragraph 21:  The Mad Scientist (voiced by Les Claypool for the laughter and line in the opening and David Lynch for the speaking voice from Season 10 onwards) – A scientist who revived the Robot Chicken. He has wild white hair and a diabolical grin. His real name is revealed to be Fritz Huhnmörder (German for "chicken murderer") in the Season 3 episode "Werewolf vs. Unicorn". He was killed by the Robot Chicken after the events of the 100th episode only for him to be revived as a cyborg in the sixth season's opening sequence, and then gets his revenge by forcing the Mad Scientist to watch the same sketches that he had previously forced the Robot Chicken to watch. In the Season 10 episode "Fila Ogden in: Maggie's Got a Full Load" with the Saturday Night Live-styled opening, the Mad Scientist's nickname is Rick Sanchez, named after another Adult Swim mad scientist character due to his resemblance to the same character. He actually has five kids, in which they include his crazed son, a teenage daughter who is goth, an eight-year-old daughter, and infant twins: a boy named Damien, and a girl named Rhiannon. Additionally, he also has a wife named Kathrine. It also reveals that the Mad Scientist's birthday is on January 21.

Paragraph 22: At the 2022 South Africa National Swimming Championships in Gqeberha in April, Sates qualified for the final of the 400 metre freestyle on day one with a time of 3:54.94 in the prelims heats. In the evening finals session, he won the gold medal in the 400 metre freestyle with a 3:49.37 and the bronze medal in the 50 metre butterfly with a time of 24.28 seconds.Race, Retta (6 April 2022). "Van Niekerk, Canny, Coetze Qualify For Budapest World Championships". SwimSwam. Retrieved 6 April 2022. On day two, he swam a 1:47.09 in the prelims heats of the 200 metre freestyle to qualify for the evening final ranking first. In the final, he won the gold medal with a time of 1:46.15, which achieved him a qualifying time in the 200 metre freestyle for the 2022 World Aquatics Championships and 2022 Commonwealth Games, and won a gold medal in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay, swimming the lead-off leg for the relay team from KwaZulu-Natal.Isaacson, David (7 April 2022). "'Rebel' Matthew Sates qualifies for world champs in 200m freestyle". TimesLIVE. Retrieved 8 April 2022.Butler, Lynn (8 April 2022). "Matthew Sates earns Commonwealth Games spot at SA Swimming Championships". News24. Retrieved 8 April 2022. It was his first time qualifying for a World Aquatics Championships and a Commonwealth Games. On the third day, he won the gold medal in the 100 metre freestyle with a personal best time of 48.97 seconds.Lambley, Garrin (8 April 2022). "Chad le Clos shakes off butterflies to secure Commonwealth Games qualifying time". The South African. Retrieved 8 April 2022. For the 100 metre butterfly on day four, he won the silver medal with a time of 52.06 seconds, finishing only behind Chad le Clos.Jonckheere, Karien (9 April 2022). "18-year-old matric pupil stuns Olympic superstar Tatjana Schoenmaker at SA swim champs". News24. Retrieved 9 April 2022. In the first prelims heat of the 200 metre individual medley on the sixth and final day, he swam a World Championships and Commonwealth Games qualifying time of 1:59.13 and qualified for the evening final, where he went on to lower his time to a 1:58.37 and win the gold medal.Isaacson, David (11 April 2022). "King Matt gathers the crowns, speedy Pieter the qualifying times". TimesLIVE. Retrieved 11 April 2022."Sates wraps up SA Championships with fourth national title". Swimming South Africa. 12 April 2022. Retrieved 12 April 2022. He had also entered to swim the 400 metre individual medley and 200 metre butterfly; however, due to wear on his shoulders from swimming butterfly, he chose to withdraw and not compete in those events. In May, Swimming South Africa also named Sates to the World Championships team in the 100 metre freestyle and 400 metre freestyle. In June, he was named to the 2022 Commonwealth Games swim team representing South Africa.

Paragraph 23: is a Japanese mecha anime franchise created by Xebec in collaboration with Starchild Records. The story focuses on a group of children who pilot the titular Fafners in an escalating war against giant aliens called Festum. The first series, subtitled Dead Aggressor, is directed by Nobuyoshi Habara and written by Yasuo Yamabe and Tow Ubukata with character designs from Hisashi Hirai and mecha designs by Naohiro Washio. It aired on TV Tokyo from July to December 2004 for 26 episodes. A television special subtitled Right of Left aired in December 2005, a feature film subtitled Heaven and Earth had a theatrical release in Japan in December 2010, and a sequel subtitled Exodus aired on MBS and several other stations for 26 episodes from January to December 2015. Another sequel subtitled The Beyond was released as four films from May 2019 to November 2021. A special episode subtitled Behind the Line premiered in theaters in January 2023. The series heavily borrows elements from Norse Mythology, referencing some of the terminology used.

Paragraph 24: In "Nothing But Trouble", Monica manipulates Fallon into accepting Jeff's marriage proposal, but Fallon discovers Jeff's duplicity and enlists Michael to help her against the Colbys. Their attempt to erase the data Jeff has stolen from the Carrington server fails in "The Gospel According to Blake Carrington", and Jeff's father Cesil Colby reveals to Fallon the crimes that Blake has committed against the Colbys. In "Our Turn Now", the Carringtons proceed with preparations for Fallon's wedding to Jeff as a distraction from their second attempt to erase Jeff's server. Jeff presents Fallon with full ownership of their company Morell Co and a plan for them to exchange 25% of Carrington Atlantic and Colby. On the eve of the wedding, Fallon asks Michael to marry her at the city hall, but he refuses, not wanting something so important to be part of a Carrington plot. With Fallon and Jeff at the altar and the server still not breached, Blake tries to stop the ceremony, but Fallon shuts him down. Afterward, she reveals to the stunned Colbys and her family that the marriage is invalid because she married someone else, Liam Ridley, the night before. Jeff's claim to 25% of Carrington Atlantic is therefore null and void, but Fallon now owns 25% of Colby. Jeff and Fallon's feud goes public in "Poor Little Rich Girl". Blake apologizes to Fallon and Steven for manipulating them, and his long-absent ex-wife Alexis—Fallon and Steven's mother—reappears. Fallon makes overtures to connect with her mother in "Enter Alexis", and Alexis tells Fallon that Blake bribed a judge to seize custody and exile her. Fallon soon discovers, however, that Alexis has not been living a life of luxury abroad, but is housed in a trailer nearby, and has stayed in touch with Steven. A furious Fallon confronts Alexis, and their catfight takes them into the pool. In "Don't Con a Con Artist", Steven refuses to believe Fallon's claim that Alexis is trying to sabotage Steven's engagement until Fallon manipulates Alexis into confessing. Fallon agrees to a date with Liam in "Use or Be Used", but cuts him loose when Alexis reveals that Liam is a journalist named Jack Lowden writing a tell-all. Fallon and Cristal work together to secure leverage over Blake in "A Line from the Past". Intending to publicly force her father to take responsibility for an environmental scandal he covered up, Fallon is dumbstruck when Blake announces her promotion to COO in Cristal's place. In "Trashy Little Tramp", Blake thwarts Fallon's plans for Carrington Atlantic. She visits Claudia looking for incriminating information on Blake, which she uses in a secret meeting with the Carrington Atlantic board. In "Dead Scratch", Fallon is named Carrington Atlantic's CEO, while Jeff and Monica reveal their Carrington heritage as the children of Blake's half-sister, and declare their intention to force a sale of the company. The Carringtons are trapped in the burning stable house during Steven and Sam's wedding, but Michael rescues Blake, Fallon, and Sam.

Paragraph 25: Ongoing investigations since 2000 have shown that the Martin County water supply is still a major issue within the region and drinking water is neither safe nor affordable. Shortly after the initial coal slurry in 2000, Martin County residents were informed by both the EPA and coal companies responsible that their water was safe to drink due to a brief investigation into the water filtration plant. However, a water plant inspection report that occurred at the same time found that the water filters and control valves were not properly taken care of. However, this report was undisclosed. In 2002 the Kentucky state government launched an investigation that resulted in forty-three problems being addressed in the Martin County water supply. However, subsequent relaunches of this investigation in 2006 and 2016 into the MCWD’s operations found that the MCWD had failed to implement any solutions to the forty-three problems and had not taken steps to improve drinking water infrastructure. In 2016 the "Martin County Water Warriors" was founded as a result of the Flint Michigan water crisis and aimed to investigate water issues in the region and spread awareness about water leaks through social media. In 2018, a rate increase in drinking water prompted an investigation by the Appalachian Citizens’ Law Center & Martin County Concerned Citizens. While this rate increase was approved by city regulators so long as Martin County hired a professional outside manager for expertise, this caused a sequence of economic problems for residents. In the drinking water affordability report, headed by Mary Cromer and Nicki Draper, a 41.5% increase in water service cost was noted to have occurred since January 2018, with more rate increases expected. This was reported along with the finding that 18.1% of Martin County households with an income of less than $10,000 had water burden levels well above the EPA’s affordability threshold. In addition, it was noted that significant water loss had been occurring in treatment plants such that it was affecting water affordability greatly. Safety issues were also outlined in this report, as a University of Kentucky study found unsafe levels of trihalomethane and coliform bacteria in 15-20% of homes studied. In June 2019, an investigation by the Kentucky Attorney General was launched in order to potentially charge individuals on the Martin County water district board with misappropriation of money, theft of grant money, and potentially receiving free water. However, this investigation returned none of these charges. Martin County’s 2020 CCR report did not find any violations in water contaminants, after investigating potential sources of roads, bridges, culverts, and oil and gas pipelines. After an investigation in 2021, residents of the Martin County Water District received letters noting that their system had violated a drinking water requirement. The water was found to have spiked turbidity levels due to a flood, and the system was unable to react to this large issue. The water is still deemed safe, ].

Paragraph 26: The vicinity of present-day Lwówek Śląski, densely wooded and located on the inner side of the unsettled Silesian Przesieka within the medieval Kingdom of Poland was gradually cleared and populated by German peasants in the first half of the 13th century during the Ostsiedlung. The town was founded by Duke of Poland Henry the Bearded who designated it for an administrative centre in a previously uninhabited, borderline Polish–Lusatian territory. In 1209 Henry granted it important privileges, such as rights to brew, mill, fish, and hunt within a mile from settlement. German colonists expanded upon the preexisting settlement and in 1217 it was granted town rights by Henry the Bearded, as one of the first cities in Poland (Opole and Racibórz received town rights that same year, earlier only Złotoryja); its style of governance was duplicated by other local towns, such as Bolesławiec, as Löwenberg Rights or Lwówek Śląski Rights. In 1243 Duke Bolesław II Rogatka organized the first knight tournament in Poland in the town. The dukes then constructed a castle, documented for the first time in 1248. In the 13th century Franciscans and Knights Hospitaller settled in the town. As a result of the fragmentation of Poland, it was part of the Duchy of Legnica from 1248, the Duchy of Jawor from 1274, from 1278 to 1286 it was the capital of an eponymous duchy under its only duke Bernard the Lightsome, who took the title of a Duke of Silesia and Lord of Lwówek, and afterwards it was again part of the Duchy of Jawor, which was soon included in the larger Duchy of Świdnica-Jawor, part of which it remained until its dissolution in 1392. In 1327 the town received the right to mint its own coin from Duke Henry I of Jawor, before Wrocław. In 1329 it was one of the largest cities in Silesia. In the 13th and 14th centuries distinctive landmarks of Lwówek were built, including the defensive walls with the Lubańska and Bolesławiecka towers, the town hall (later expanded) and the Gothic churches of St. Mary and of St. Francis.

Paragraph 27: Brooke and Ridge met when she asked her mother to help cater a Forrester party so she could meet Ridge. She fell instantly in love with the handsome playboy Ridge, who was engaged to be married to Caroline Spencer. After finding out that Ridge had spent the night with Alex, Caroline collapsed at the wedding and broke it off with Ridge. Caroline was raped shortly after that, and Brooke shortly befriended her after visiting her at the hospital. Brooke was so smitten with Ridge that she broke off her engagement to David, a police officer, because even her brother knew she would never be happy on a cop's pay. Hiding a letter Ridge wrote to Caroline spilling his heart to her and telling her he loved her, Brooke conspired with Thorne to keep Ridge and Caroline apart. Caroline became engaged to Thorne and Brooke and Ridge fell in love with each other, with Brooke becoming pregnant. Ridge and Caroline hid their true feelings for each other. Once Brooke lost the baby in a tragic miscarriage, Ridge broke off the relationship with her and began one with Caroline again. Caroline broke it off with Thorne after admitting she was still in love with Ridge, and they quickly married. A devastated Brooke turned to Eric for comfort and ended up pregnant, so Eric married her. After the death of Caroline Ridge met and fell in love with Taylor Hayes, the doctor who cared for Caroline. Despite this, Ridge was still involved with and loved both women, Brooke and Taylor, while Taylor herself was also involved with Brooke's brother Storm. Brooke created the wrinkle-free formula BeLieF for design house Forrester Creations and celebrated with Ridge by making love on the lab floor. Brooke and Ridge were intimate again when they believed that Eric wanted Stephanie back thanks to a forged letter from Stephanie. In the end however, Ridge chose Taylor as he did not want to be the cause of the end of Brooke and his father's marriage, and hoped if he chose Taylor, Brooke would stay with Eric. On the wedding day of Ridge and Taylor, Brooke ran to find them thinking she was pregnant with her and Ridge's child, when in fact she was pregnant with her and Eric's second child, Bridget. A paternity test was later conducted, with Sheila Carter tampering with the results and having everyone believe Ridge was the father; it would be years later before the truth about Bridget's true parentage was revealed.

Paragraph 28: In modern racing leagues, if a track does not have adequate safety preparations including proper run-off areas, racers will often threaten to boycott any events that visit that particular track.  In actuality, the racing leagues in question have safety standards to which they hold tracks when selecting them; therefore, if the athletes have an issue with a track it is usually because there is some problem that is either beyond the scope of the rules, or that they interpret them differently from the league. In order to prevent such a strike and to make themselves as attractive as possible to various racing sanctioning bodies in the hopes of attracting lucrative professional racing events to their facilities, park managements will often pay substantial attention to such facilities' features as safety devices, including run-off areas, and make substantial financial investments to add or improve such devices as deemed necessary.  They will even go so far as to advertise safety as having been a central design tenet during the track's general construction or renovation.  By making the facility as attractive as possible to racers, the hope is that the racers will put pressure on the leagues in which they participate to race at that venue.  The other theory is that by making the venue as up-to-date, luxurious, safe, and feature-rich as possible, that various racing leagues will want to hold events there and thus, not only will the park make revenues from gate fees, but they will also make more money from sponsorship deals for selling advertising space on track property (such as walls around the course, bridges, infield grass painting, etc.).  Such advertising will be seen by many potential consumers, since the more popular racing leagues have more television viewers, so the rates that the facility can charge to advertisers will be higher than if the track received less television air-time, or air-time with lower ratings.  Therefore, making safety improvements makes financial sense to a track's management, since it leads to greater demand from event promoters and even larger and more popular events, which in turn increase a track's gate revenues, advertising revenues, and revenues from club racers and other users of the track while major events are not being held since the popularity of a track corresponds to its usage by non-professionals engaging in hobby pursuits.  If top racers do not feel that a track is safe they may put pressure on their racing league to not schedule events at that particular venue.  Or, if a league has documented safety standards for the tracks on their circuit, they may choose not to schedule events at a deficient facility until it has made the requisite changes.

Paragraph 29: Following the 1980 general election, Joyal served as co-chair of the Joint Committee on the Patriation of the Canadian Constitution. In 1982, he joined the Cabinet of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau as a Minister of State. He was appointed Secretary of State for Canada in 1982. When John Turner succeeded Trudeau in June 1984, Joyal remained in cabinet as Secretary of State. Joyal but lost his seat in the 1984 election that defeated the Turner government. On November 26, 1997, Joyal was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the recommendation of Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and serves on a number of committees specialising in legal and constitutional affairs.

Paragraph 30: Plymouth Raiders' origins can be traced back to the mid-1970s with the original National League team Plymouth Panasonic, coached by future Raiders co-founder Frank Pocock ( age 82 of 2020 ) who entered national competition for the first and only time in 1979. Panasonic achieved a respectable 7th-place finish in Division Two before withdrawing during the close season due to a lack of finances, after which they were renamed Plymouth Kanaries and entered into the regional leagues in 1980. Deciding to have another attempt at establishing a National League club, Pocock along with local basketball figures Bob Karruck, Martyn Moon, Keith Mollard and businessman Les Palmer (of the Wrigley's company) formed a consortium in 1983 and merged the Kanaries with local rivals Plympton to form a new club. A sponsorship deal was arranged with pharmaceutical producer Glucodin and the team adopted their brand colours of red and yellow for their inaugural season in National League Division 2. Raiders played their first game on 1 October 1983 at the Mayflower Centre, losing by one point, 75–76 to the visiting Merseyside Mustangs. After an inconsistent start to the campaign, coach Graham Nicholls stepped down from his position and was replaced by his assistant Karruck who led the team to lowly 10th-placed finished in their rookie season. 

Paragraph 31: Elaine Goble’s artistic career started in 1977, she had a solo exhibition at Founders Art Gallery at York University and an exhibition of Oil Paintings at Hart House, Toronto Ontario. In 1978, she participated in the Juried Group Exhibition of Prints, at the Art Gallery of the University of Western Ontario. The mid- late 1980s exhibitions such as: Solo Drawing Exhibition, McPherson Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 1985. Group Exhibition, Juried, City Hall, Ottawa, Ontario, 1986. Solo Drawing Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, ON, 1987. About Faces, Group Portrait Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1988. She ended the decade with A Private Moment, Solo Exhibition of Egg Tempera Paintings, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1989.3 In the early 90s, Goble’s career took off with a total of seven exhibitions between 1990-1994. These included: Works on Paper, Juried Group Exhibition, ArtsCount, Ottawa, Ontario, 1990. Invitational, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1990. Rediscovering the Art of Painting, Group Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1991. Solo Exhibition, Robertson’s Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 1992. National Fine Art Competition, Group Exhibition, Toronto, Ontario, 1993. The Canadian Figure, Group Exhibition, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1993. Portraits, Solo Exhibition of Egg Tempera Paintings, Nancy Poole’s Studio, Toronto, Ontario, 1994. In the late 1990s, Goble began to focus on solo exhibitions which include: The Collection- Ten Years Later, Karsh- Masson Gallery, Ottawa, ON, 1996. Canadian Achievement, Phase 1, Solo Exhibition, Paintings, Drawings, and Photography, New Brunswick Museum, Saint John, New Brunswick, 1996. And continued with Canadian Achievement, Phase II, Solo Exhibition, Paintings, Drawings, and Photography, New Brunswick Museum, Saint John, New Brunswick, 1997. Ending the century with a Portrait Exhibition, Wallacks Galleries, Ottawa, Ontario, 1999. Afterwards, she slowed down in the early 2000s participating in two exhibitions; one being the Solo Exhibition, Gallery Telpaz, Ottawa, Ontario, 2000 and the Group Portrait and Figure Exhibition, Abbozzo Gallery, Oakville, Ontario, 2003. In the mid-late 2000s, she began producing some work that she is most well-known for; Solo Exhibition, Dale Smith Gallery, Ottawa, Ontario, 2005. Promises to Keep, Canadian War Museum, Ottawa, Ontario, 2005-07. Painting of Ground Zero, Canadian War Museum, Ottawa, Ontario, 2007-09. Star Portraits, PTV/ Bravo Production, Documentary, 2009. War, a Family Affair, McMichael Canadian Art Collection, Kleinberg. Kingston Prize Exhibition, Kingston, Ontario, 2009. Finally, an exhibition that caught the attention of the media, Cost of War- The Canadian Homefront, solo exhibition, St. Lawrence College, Brockville, Ontario, 2009. In 2010, she participated in the Juried Exhibition, Art Gallery of Peterborough, Peterborough, Ontario, and in 2011 Goble was commissioned by the National Capital to create Portraits in the Street that was then featured in the National Archives of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario. In 2012, she created one major piece, Double Take: Portraits of Intriguing Canadians, and continued it as a traveling exhibition featured at a variety of locations between the years of 2012-2014. These locations include: McMichael Canadian Art Collection, Kleinburg, Ontario, 2012. Canadian Museum of Civilization (now known as the Canadian Museum of History), Gatineau, Quebec, 2013. The Agnes Etherington Art Centre, Queen's University at Kingston, Ontario, 2013-14, and the Canadian Military Engineers Museum, Oromocto, New Brunswick, 2014. Her most recent works include: The Painted Truth, Wallack Galleries, Ottawa, Ontario, 2015. Group Exhibition: Go Figure at First Canadian Place, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario, 2016. Egg Tempera and Mixed Media Landscape and Architecture Paintings in the Feature Gallery, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario. Agriculture and Food Museum, Ingenium Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, 2016. The Tamworth, Egg Tempera painting showcased at Canada Agriculture and Food Museum, Ingenium Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, 2018. Lastly, a Group Exhibition, Abbozzo Gallery, Toronto, Ontario, 2019.

Paragraph 32: Ongoing investigations since 2000 have shown that the Martin County water supply is still a major issue within the region and drinking water is neither safe nor affordable. Shortly after the initial coal slurry in 2000, Martin County residents were informed by both the EPA and coal companies responsible that their water was safe to drink due to a brief investigation into the water filtration plant. However, a water plant inspection report that occurred at the same time found that the water filters and control valves were not properly taken care of. However, this report was undisclosed. In 2002 the Kentucky state government launched an investigation that resulted in forty-three problems being addressed in the Martin County water supply. However, subsequent relaunches of this investigation in 2006 and 2016 into the MCWD’s operations found that the MCWD had failed to implement any solutions to the forty-three problems and had not taken steps to improve drinking water infrastructure. In 2016 the "Martin County Water Warriors" was founded as a result of the Flint Michigan water crisis and aimed to investigate water issues in the region and spread awareness about water leaks through social media. In 2018, a rate increase in drinking water prompted an investigation by the Appalachian Citizens’ Law Center & Martin County Concerned Citizens. While this rate increase was approved by city regulators so long as Martin County hired a professional outside manager for expertise, this caused a sequence of economic problems for residents. In the drinking water affordability report, headed by Mary Cromer and Nicki Draper, a 41.5% increase in water service cost was noted to have occurred since January 2018, with more rate increases expected. This was reported along with the finding that 18.1% of Martin County households with an income of less than $10,000 had water burden levels well above the EPA’s affordability threshold. In addition, it was noted that significant water loss had been occurring in treatment plants such that it was affecting water affordability greatly. Safety issues were also outlined in this report, as a University of Kentucky study found unsafe levels of trihalomethane and coliform bacteria in 15-20% of homes studied. In June 2019, an investigation by the Kentucky Attorney General was launched in order to potentially charge individuals on the Martin County water district board with misappropriation of money, theft of grant money, and potentially receiving free water. However, this investigation returned none of these charges. Martin County’s 2020 CCR report did not find any violations in water contaminants, after investigating potential sources of roads, bridges, culverts, and oil and gas pipelines. After an investigation in 2021, residents of the Martin County Water District received letters noting that their system had violated a drinking water requirement. The water was found to have spiked turbidity levels due to a flood, and the system was unable to react to this large issue. The water is still deemed safe, ].

Paragraph 33: Moirang () is a town in the Indian state of Manipur, best known for the tentatively listed UNESCO World Heritage Sites of the "Keibul Lamjao Conservation Area (KLCA)", covering Keibul Lamjao National Park (KLNP), the world's only floating national park, the buffer of Loktak Lake (140 sq km) and Pumlen Pat (43 sq. km). It is best known for the being the place of origin of the ancient epic legend of Khamba and Thoibi, one of the 7 epic cycles of incarnations of Meitei mythology and folklore. Nationwide, it is also famous for the INA War Museum in the INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex, where Colonel Shaukat Malik of the Indian National Army hoisted the Tricolour for the first time on Indian soil on 14 April 1944.

Paragraph 34: While getting into her car one night, Marjorie is attacked at knifepoint by a masked assailant who forces her to drive to a remote location, where he tries to sexually assault her. She manages to flee but leaves her purse behind. While at the police station, she is told that without a positive identification of her attacker, it will be her word against his, and he will likely not face any criminal charges. In the following days, Marjorie lives in continued fear. Meanwhile, her attacker, revealed to be Joe, uses the information from her purse to find out where she lives and also steals mail from the home she shares with her roommates, Pat and Terry, to gain insight into their lives. One morning, while Pat and Terry are away at work, Joe casually enters her home, claiming he is looking for someone who owes him money. Marjorie quickly realizes he is the man who attacked her  and tries to escape, but Joe overpowers her. Throughout the day, Joe repeatedly physically and psychologically abuses her. As he attempts to rape her, Marjorie manages to subdue him by spraying wasp repellent into his eyes. As she tries to flee once again, Joe taunts her by saying that since he did not actually rape her, the police will let him go, and he vows to come back and kill her. Marjorie binds him, confines him in the fireplace, and plans to murder him. When Pat and Terry return home, they try to convince Marjorie to think of the consequences of her decision and to go to the police. Joe tries to manipulate them into turning against Marjorie and believing that he is the victim. As Marjorie tries to force Joe to confess to what he has done to her, he claims that he and Marjorie were lovers and that she attacked him when he came to end their relationship. Marjorie removes the knife he previously used on her from his jacket, as well as the mail he stole. She threatens to castrate him if he does not admit the truth. Defeated, Joe confesses that he intended to kill Marjorie, as well as Pat and Terry. He also confesses to raping and murdering three prior women. Marjorie, finally at peace, tells Pat and Terry to alert the police.

Paragraph 35:  The Mad Scientist (voiced by Les Claypool for the laughter and line in the opening and David Lynch for the speaking voice from Season 10 onwards) – A scientist who revived the Robot Chicken. He has wild white hair and a diabolical grin. His real name is revealed to be Fritz Huhnmörder (German for "chicken murderer") in the Season 3 episode "Werewolf vs. Unicorn". He was killed by the Robot Chicken after the events of the 100th episode only for him to be revived as a cyborg in the sixth season's opening sequence, and then gets his revenge by forcing the Mad Scientist to watch the same sketches that he had previously forced the Robot Chicken to watch. In the Season 10 episode "Fila Ogden in: Maggie's Got a Full Load" with the Saturday Night Live-styled opening, the Mad Scientist's nickname is Rick Sanchez, named after another Adult Swim mad scientist character due to his resemblance to the same character. He actually has five kids, in which they include his crazed son, a teenage daughter who is goth, an eight-year-old daughter, and infant twins: a boy named Damien, and a girl named Rhiannon. Additionally, he also has a wife named Kathrine. It also reveals that the Mad Scientist's birthday is on January 21.