Paragraph 1: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 2: Thanks to her genetic structure that is a hybrid combination of Plodex and Earth DNA, Marrina's body is totally amphibious, and she has pale yellow skin, large fish-like eyes, and webbed hands and feet. Possessing both lungs and gills, she can breathe and exist indefinitely on land or under the sea. She is able to withstand freezing temperatures and underwater pressures without harm. Her hydrodynamic proportions, sleek skin, webbed extremities, and superhuman strength aid in her swimming. She can sustain underwater speeds approaching 51 knots (roughly 59 mph) for  several hours and is capable of massive acceleration by shedding the outer layer of her skin to expose a nearly frictionless inner skin layer, allowing her to briefly reach speeds in the  range. She has further demonstrated some ability to control water — in combination with her massive underwater speed, she was able to raise and ride the crest of a huge waterspout, letting her travel from an ocean shore up to three miles inland. After such feats, her outer skin layer can quickly regenerate to normal. Her skin also secretes an oil which can cause extreme constriction of the pupils — with one slap, she was able to temporarily blind the Sub-Mariner, himself superhumanly adapted to underwater existence. On dry land, she can sprint at tremendous speeds.

Paragraph 3: Immolation was founded after the demise of Rigor Mortis (NY), a band formed in May 1986 by Andrew Sakowicz (bass guitar, vocals) Dave Wilkinson (drums), and Robert Vigna (guitar). After recording the Decomposed and Warriors of Doom demos, Sakowicz left the band in early 1988 and was replaced by Ross Dolan, and the band's name was changed to "Immolation". The new lineup put out two studio demos, in 1988 and 1989, and gained a worldwide following in the underground death metal scene. Immolation signed a record deal with Roadrunner Records and released their debut album Dawn of Possession in 1991. After leaving Roadrunner, the band released "Stepping on Angels," a compilation of demo releases and live tracks. In 1995 the band was signed by Metal Blade Records and released three albums: Here in After, Failures for Gods, and Close to a World Below. After their second album, drummer Craig Smilowski left the band and was replaced by Alex Hernandez. Their next three albums, Unholy Cult, Harnessing Ruin, and Shadows in the Light were released by French label Listenable Records and Century Media in the US.

Paragraph 4: "As I have already said, khyang is the name given by the Tibetans to the wild horse of their northern steppes. More accurately it is a species of ass, quite as large in size as a large Japanese horse. In color it is reddish brown, with black hair on the ridge of the back and black mane and with the belly white. To all appearance it is an ordinary horse, except for its tufted tail. It is a powerful animal, and it is extraordinarily fleet. It is never seen singly, but always in twos or threes, if not in a herd of sixty or seventy. Its scientific name is Equus hemionis, but is for the most part called by its Tibetan name, which is usually spelled khyang in English. It has a curious habit of turning round and round, when it comes within seeing distance of a man. Even a mile and a quarter away, it will commence this turning round at every short stage of its approach, and after each turn it will stop for a while, to look at the man over its own back, like a fox. Ultimately it comes up quite close. When quite near it will look scared, and at the slightest thing will wheel round and dash away, but only to stop and look back. When one thinks it has run far away, it will be found that it has circled back quite near, to take, as it were, a silent survey of the stranger from behind. Altogether it is an animal of very queer habits."

Paragraph 5: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 6: In February 1861, 54 percent of the state's voters voted against sending delegates to a secession convention, defeating the proposal for a State Convention by a vote of 69,675 to 57,798. If a State Convention had been held, it would have been very heavily pro-Union. 88,803 votes were cast for Unionist candidates and 22,749 votes were cast for Secession candidates. That day the American flag was displayed in "every section of the city," with zeal equal to that which existed during the late 1860 presidential campaign, wrote the Nashville Daily Gazette.  The proponents of the slavocracy were embarrassed, demoralized and politically disoriented but not willing to admit defeat:  "Whatever may be the result of the difficulties which at present agitate our country - whether we are to be united in our common destiny or whether two Republics shall take the place of that which has stood for nearly a century, the admired of all nations we will still bow with reverence to the sight of the stars and stripes, and recognize it as the standard around which the sons of liberty can rally [...]. And if the remonstrances of the people of the South-pleading and begging for redress for years-does not in this critical moment, arouse her brethren of the North to a sense of justice and right, and honor demands a separation, we would still have the same claims upon the 'colors of Washington, great son of the South, and of Virginia, mother of the States.' Let us not abandon the stars and stripes under which Southern men have so often been led to victory." "On the corner across from the newspaper office, a crowd had gathered around a bagpipe player playing Yankee Doodle, after which ex-mayor John Hugh Smith gave a speech that was received with loud cheers.

Paragraph 7: "As I have already said, khyang is the name given by the Tibetans to the wild horse of their northern steppes. More accurately it is a species of ass, quite as large in size as a large Japanese horse. In color it is reddish brown, with black hair on the ridge of the back and black mane and with the belly white. To all appearance it is an ordinary horse, except for its tufted tail. It is a powerful animal, and it is extraordinarily fleet. It is never seen singly, but always in twos or threes, if not in a herd of sixty or seventy. Its scientific name is Equus hemionis, but is for the most part called by its Tibetan name, which is usually spelled khyang in English. It has a curious habit of turning round and round, when it comes within seeing distance of a man. Even a mile and a quarter away, it will commence this turning round at every short stage of its approach, and after each turn it will stop for a while, to look at the man over its own back, like a fox. Ultimately it comes up quite close. When quite near it will look scared, and at the slightest thing will wheel round and dash away, but only to stop and look back. When one thinks it has run far away, it will be found that it has circled back quite near, to take, as it were, a silent survey of the stranger from behind. Altogether it is an animal of very queer habits."

Paragraph 8: Taking interest in Weapon H after he slew the Ur-Wendigo, Dario Agger and Roxxon Energy Corporation managed to obtain some Brood where they infected some wolves and a worker named Blake into attacking Weapon H with Blake riding an Acanti. Then Roxxon successfully captures Weapon H after his fight with Roxxon's Man-Thing. Clayton's wife Sonia and Dr. Ella Sterling free Weapon H before he can be lobotomized. After Weapon H frees Blake and Roxxon's Man-Thing and then regresses back to Clayton in the presence of Sonia Sung and Dr. Ella Sterling, Dario appears wanting them to hear him out as he explains that Roxxon is wanting to obtain extraterrestrial resources leading him to show the group a portal to Weirdworld that has magic enough to power the planet for a million years. However, the monsters on the other side want to kill every human and they can't cut the power to the portal. Following an explosion, the Skrullduggers emerge and attack the nearby humans as Dario watches Weapon H, Blake, and Man-Thing fight the Skrullduggers even when Captain America comes into view and joins the fight. As Dario states that the Skrullduggers have no protection under the Multiversal Mineral Rights Exploitation Agreement, he does introduce himself to Captain America who mentions about hearing his name before upon Thor arresting him. It was also mentioned by Dario that Roxxon has made agreements with the governing entities that they wouldn't be stepping on anyone's toes while stating that the M.M.R.E.A. makes sure that the cross-dimensional mining doesn't harm any indigenous creatures which was co-signed by 7 multinational corporations, 112 Earth-based nations, 2,334 interstellar civilizations, and 15 divine entities with the agreement also involving the fight against invasive species. After Dario has a surviving Skrulldugger specimen bombed, Captain America suggests to Weapon H that he takes up Dario's offer so that he can be Captain America's soldier on the inside. When Weapon H and Dario go to check on Blake and Man-Thing at the portal to Weirdworld 10 minutes later, they find that they have been assisted by Korg in taking a few of the Skrullduggers out. While giving in to the demands as part of the condition to fight the Skrullduggers, Dario reveals that Titania and ex-S.H.I.E.L.D. operative Angel will assist with the field mission. As Weapon H, Angel, and Blake make their way to the Roxxon outpost, Agger contacts Weapon H to check in on his mission. Weapon H thanks Dario for "showing his hand" as he explains to Angel and Blake that Dario is also wanting them to kill the Skrullduggers. When Dario contacts again, he unknowingly alerts the Skrullduggers outside the Roxxon outpost. Dario guarantees that Sonia is doing fine as Weapon H slays some Skrullduggers on his way into the Roxxon outpost.

Paragraph 9:  Daniel 7:4-8 " The first one was like a lion, and it had the wings of an eagle It was like a lion, and it had the wings of an eagle; that is the kingdom of Babylon, which was ruling at that time, and so did Jeremiah see it (4:7): “A lion has come up from its thicket,” and he says also (48:40): “like an eagle he shall soar.” until its wings were plucked Its wings were plucked, which is an allusion to its downfall. resembling a bear This represents the kingdom of Persia, which will reign after Babylon, who eats and drinks like a bear and is enwrapped in flesh like a bear. and it stood to one side and it stood to one side, indicating that when the kingdom of Babylon terminates, Persia will wait one year, when Media will reign. and there were three ribs in its mouth Aram. וּתְלָת עִלָעִין בְּפֻמַּהּ, three ribs. Our Sages explained that three provinces were constantly rebelling against it [i.e., Persia] and making peace with it; sometimes it would swallow them and sometimes spit them out. That is the meaning of “in its mouth between its teeth,” sometimes outside its teeth, sometimes inside (Kid. 72a), but I say that the three עִלָעִין are three kings who will rise from Persia: Cyrus, Ahasuerus, and Darius who built the Temple. four wings... four heads They are the four rulers to whom Alexander of Macedon allotted his kingdom at his death, as is written in the book of Joseph ben Gurion (Book 3, ch. 14), for this third beast is the kingdom of Antiochus, and it is called נָמֵר because it issued decrees upon Israel [which were] spotted (מְנֻמָּרוֹת) and varied one from the other. and... ten horns Aram. וְקַרְנַיִן עֲשַׂר. The angel explained to him that these are the ten kings who would ascend [the throne] of Rome before Vespasian, who would destroy the Temple.	speaking arrogantly words of arrogance. That is Titus, about whom the Rabbis, of blessed memory, said (Gittin 56b) that he blasphemed and berated and entered the Heichal with brazenness."

Paragraph 10: Aside from the main gameplay, a number of segments and contests were featured to profile other new video games and popular media for the home audience or respond to viewer letters, during and after each round. Many of these had an attached contest where viewers could send in a postcard or letter to try and win a prize, with the mailing address for these contests shown frequently on-screen on each episode.V&A Update: One of the secondary co-hosts briefly highlights information, hints, and tips for a recently released video game not otherwise featured on that day's episode, while emphasizing that home viewers should write down the provided tips. This segment took place twice on each episode, profiling a different game for each, though generally from the same console.Music Review: The other secondary co-host briefly profiles a new CD released by a popular musician or band, followed by showing a brief clip from a music video for a single from said album. Afterwards, the co-host plugs a contest where viewers can write in with the answer to a skill-testing question, usually referring to a brief fact from the review. The first person to write in with the correct answer would win a prize, generally a CD or home movie.Movie Review: Same as above, only the co-host profiles a new home video release, while showing a brief clip from the movie. The attached contest ran under similar rules, with the winner generally receiving free movie rental passes, typically from Rogers Video or Jumbo Video in later seasons.Letter Time: Nicholas Picholas reads a letter on-air that was sent in by a home viewer, which typically featured the viewer's name, age, and favourite video games & consoles. If their letter was read on air, the viewer would win a copy of one of the games that a first-place contestant won during that episode. Previous letters read during this segment were displayed on the wall behind Nicholas.Turbo Tips: Nicholas outlines additional tips, tricks, and hints for both games played in-competition on that day's episode. Unlike the V&A Updates, the tips in this segment were provided concurrently rather than in separate portions of the show.V&A Top 3:''' Nicholas' main co-host delivers a list of the top 3 best selling video games at the time of filming (originally the "Top 10" like in the show's title.) A separate contest after this segment allowed home viewers to win a larger prize if they could be the first to write in with the solution to a more difficult code or hint from a game not otherwise featured that week. This section of the show featured the co-host standing beside the cabinet for Rock-Ola's release of the 1980 arcade game Armor Attack.

Paragraph 11: Thanks to her genetic structure that is a hybrid combination of Plodex and Earth DNA, Marrina's body is totally amphibious, and she has pale yellow skin, large fish-like eyes, and webbed hands and feet. Possessing both lungs and gills, she can breathe and exist indefinitely on land or under the sea. She is able to withstand freezing temperatures and underwater pressures without harm. Her hydrodynamic proportions, sleek skin, webbed extremities, and superhuman strength aid in her swimming. She can sustain underwater speeds approaching 51 knots (roughly 59 mph) for  several hours and is capable of massive acceleration by shedding the outer layer of her skin to expose a nearly frictionless inner skin layer, allowing her to briefly reach speeds in the  range. She has further demonstrated some ability to control water — in combination with her massive underwater speed, she was able to raise and ride the crest of a huge waterspout, letting her travel from an ocean shore up to three miles inland. After such feats, her outer skin layer can quickly regenerate to normal. Her skin also secretes an oil which can cause extreme constriction of the pupils — with one slap, she was able to temporarily blind the Sub-Mariner, himself superhumanly adapted to underwater existence. On dry land, she can sprint at tremendous speeds.

Paragraph 12: Immolation was founded after the demise of Rigor Mortis (NY), a band formed in May 1986 by Andrew Sakowicz (bass guitar, vocals) Dave Wilkinson (drums), and Robert Vigna (guitar). After recording the Decomposed and Warriors of Doom demos, Sakowicz left the band in early 1988 and was replaced by Ross Dolan, and the band's name was changed to "Immolation". The new lineup put out two studio demos, in 1988 and 1989, and gained a worldwide following in the underground death metal scene. Immolation signed a record deal with Roadrunner Records and released their debut album Dawn of Possession in 1991. After leaving Roadrunner, the band released "Stepping on Angels," a compilation of demo releases and live tracks. In 1995 the band was signed by Metal Blade Records and released three albums: Here in After, Failures for Gods, and Close to a World Below. After their second album, drummer Craig Smilowski left the band and was replaced by Alex Hernandez. Their next three albums, Unholy Cult, Harnessing Ruin, and Shadows in the Light were released by French label Listenable Records and Century Media in the US.

Paragraph 13: Taking interest in Weapon H after he slew the Ur-Wendigo, Dario Agger and Roxxon Energy Corporation managed to obtain some Brood where they infected some wolves and a worker named Blake into attacking Weapon H with Blake riding an Acanti. Then Roxxon successfully captures Weapon H after his fight with Roxxon's Man-Thing. Clayton's wife Sonia and Dr. Ella Sterling free Weapon H before he can be lobotomized. After Weapon H frees Blake and Roxxon's Man-Thing and then regresses back to Clayton in the presence of Sonia Sung and Dr. Ella Sterling, Dario appears wanting them to hear him out as he explains that Roxxon is wanting to obtain extraterrestrial resources leading him to show the group a portal to Weirdworld that has magic enough to power the planet for a million years. However, the monsters on the other side want to kill every human and they can't cut the power to the portal. Following an explosion, the Skrullduggers emerge and attack the nearby humans as Dario watches Weapon H, Blake, and Man-Thing fight the Skrullduggers even when Captain America comes into view and joins the fight. As Dario states that the Skrullduggers have no protection under the Multiversal Mineral Rights Exploitation Agreement, he does introduce himself to Captain America who mentions about hearing his name before upon Thor arresting him. It was also mentioned by Dario that Roxxon has made agreements with the governing entities that they wouldn't be stepping on anyone's toes while stating that the M.M.R.E.A. makes sure that the cross-dimensional mining doesn't harm any indigenous creatures which was co-signed by 7 multinational corporations, 112 Earth-based nations, 2,334 interstellar civilizations, and 15 divine entities with the agreement also involving the fight against invasive species. After Dario has a surviving Skrulldugger specimen bombed, Captain America suggests to Weapon H that he takes up Dario's offer so that he can be Captain America's soldier on the inside. When Weapon H and Dario go to check on Blake and Man-Thing at the portal to Weirdworld 10 minutes later, they find that they have been assisted by Korg in taking a few of the Skrullduggers out. While giving in to the demands as part of the condition to fight the Skrullduggers, Dario reveals that Titania and ex-S.H.I.E.L.D. operative Angel will assist with the field mission. As Weapon H, Angel, and Blake make their way to the Roxxon outpost, Agger contacts Weapon H to check in on his mission. Weapon H thanks Dario for "showing his hand" as he explains to Angel and Blake that Dario is also wanting them to kill the Skrullduggers. When Dario contacts again, he unknowingly alerts the Skrullduggers outside the Roxxon outpost. Dario guarantees that Sonia is doing fine as Weapon H slays some Skrullduggers on his way into the Roxxon outpost.

Paragraph 14: "As I have already said, khyang is the name given by the Tibetans to the wild horse of their northern steppes. More accurately it is a species of ass, quite as large in size as a large Japanese horse. In color it is reddish brown, with black hair on the ridge of the back and black mane and with the belly white. To all appearance it is an ordinary horse, except for its tufted tail. It is a powerful animal, and it is extraordinarily fleet. It is never seen singly, but always in twos or threes, if not in a herd of sixty or seventy. Its scientific name is Equus hemionis, but is for the most part called by its Tibetan name, which is usually spelled khyang in English. It has a curious habit of turning round and round, when it comes within seeing distance of a man. Even a mile and a quarter away, it will commence this turning round at every short stage of its approach, and after each turn it will stop for a while, to look at the man over its own back, like a fox. Ultimately it comes up quite close. When quite near it will look scared, and at the slightest thing will wheel round and dash away, but only to stop and look back. When one thinks it has run far away, it will be found that it has circled back quite near, to take, as it were, a silent survey of the stranger from behind. Altogether it is an animal of very queer habits."

Paragraph 15: The "wiped off the map" translation originated from the state-controlled Islamic Republic News Agency. This translation's use in the media has been criticized. Arash Norouzi, artist and co-founder of The Mossadegh Project, said that the statement "wiped off the map" did not exist in the original speech and that Ahmadinejad directed his comment toward the "regime occupying Jerusalem". Norouzi's translation of the Persian quote reads; "the Imam said this regime occupying Jerusalem must vanish from the page of time." Juan Cole, historian of the Middle East and South Asia, concurred, writing that Ahmadinejad's statement should be translated as, "the Imam said that this regime occupying Jerusalem (een rezhim-e eshghalgar-e qods, ) must [vanish from] the page of time (bayad az safheh-ye ruzgar mahv shavad, )," noting that there is no Persian idiom to wipe something off the map. The key phrase here Safheh-ye ruzgar (pages of time/of history) was itself a slight variation on Ayatollah Khomeini's words, which Ahmadinejad was quoting, the Ayatollah having spoken of sahneh ruzgar (scene of time). In both cases, the allusion is to time, not to a place. No one noted the slight variation or context and the incorrect interpretation it referred to the destruction of Israel was maintained.  Shiraz Dossa, a professor of Political Science at St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia, Canada, also described the text as a mistranslation.The Guardian columnist and foreign correspondent Jonathan Steele published an article based on this line of reasoning. In an in-depth study of Iranian attitudes to Jews and the state of Israel, Hamburg professor of Islamic studies, Katajun Amirpur has argued that, in context, Ahmadinejad had been quoting Ayatollah Khomeini's words about the imminent appearance of the Soviet Union and the Shah's regime, and had tacked on his remarks concerning Israel. It follows, in her view, that the text could not imply any intention to destroy Israel or annihilate the Jewish people, since Khomeini's quoted statement preceding it prophesied that the Soviet Union and the Shah's regime would disappear, not that the Russian or Iranian people would thereby be extinguished.

Paragraph 16: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 17: In February 1861, 54 percent of the state's voters voted against sending delegates to a secession convention, defeating the proposal for a State Convention by a vote of 69,675 to 57,798. If a State Convention had been held, it would have been very heavily pro-Union. 88,803 votes were cast for Unionist candidates and 22,749 votes were cast for Secession candidates. That day the American flag was displayed in "every section of the city," with zeal equal to that which existed during the late 1860 presidential campaign, wrote the Nashville Daily Gazette.  The proponents of the slavocracy were embarrassed, demoralized and politically disoriented but not willing to admit defeat:  "Whatever may be the result of the difficulties which at present agitate our country - whether we are to be united in our common destiny or whether two Republics shall take the place of that which has stood for nearly a century, the admired of all nations we will still bow with reverence to the sight of the stars and stripes, and recognize it as the standard around which the sons of liberty can rally [...]. And if the remonstrances of the people of the South-pleading and begging for redress for years-does not in this critical moment, arouse her brethren of the North to a sense of justice and right, and honor demands a separation, we would still have the same claims upon the 'colors of Washington, great son of the South, and of Virginia, mother of the States.' Let us not abandon the stars and stripes under which Southern men have so often been led to victory." "On the corner across from the newspaper office, a crowd had gathered around a bagpipe player playing Yankee Doodle, after which ex-mayor John Hugh Smith gave a speech that was received with loud cheers.

Paragraph 18: As a basketball owner, he has been described by Time as a "cheapskate", a reference they also use for his baseball persona.  As of 1995, the time when Scottie Pippen was eager to either be traded or be rid of Krause, he had never renegotiated a contract.  As a baseball owner, he has had a reputation as one of the most militant, anti-union, hard-line owners.  Newsweek described him as "one of the hardest heads in the 1994 baseball strike". In the baseball offseason between the 1992 and 1993 seasons, he completely abstained from the free agent market.  Reinsdorf was one of the last holdouts to the 1996 labor agreement that instituted the salary cap while retaining arbitration rights for the players.  His 1996 signing of Albert Belle made news because of his widely publicized general opposition to spiraling player salaries. The $55 million signing was a turning point in the decision by the baseball owners to agree to revenue sharing. The signing also made Reinsdorf the employer of the highest paid Major League Baseball player and highest paid professional basketball player (Jordan) at the same time.  Reinsdorf had just re-signed Jordan after the 1995–96 NBA season. However, Jordan had been underpaid most of his career, and Reinsdorf, who did not feel he could justify the $30 million salary from a business standpoint, immediately realized he was going to soon feel buyer's remorse. Even his most successful baseball team was not highly paid: when the White Sox won the 2005 World Series, Reinsdorf had the 13th highest payroll of the 30 Major League Baseball teams.

Paragraph 19: On 24 November 2010 the British MEP Godfrey Bloom caused a row in the European Parliament when he interrupted a speech by Martin Schulz, heckling him with the Nazi propaganda slogan Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Führer ('one people, one empire, one leader') and accusing him of being an 'undemocratic fascist'. Bloom later stated that he was referring to the fact that the indoctrination of the German people under the Nazi regime has long-lasting effects; "some Germans still find it difficult to accept diversity in Europe and differences of opinion". In the debate on the future of the Euro Stability Pact Schulz had criticised the role played by the United Kingdom, which was involved in the discussions despite not being a member of the eurozone, and said that some eurosceptics would take pleasure in the collapse of the European Union. Following the incident, the President of Parliament, Jerzy Buzek, excluded Bloom from the Chamber. The Dutch MEP Barry Madlener, from the right-wing populist Partij voor de Vrijheid (PVV – Freedom Party), then protested against that decision, on the grounds that Schulz himself had recently described the PVV MEP Daniël van der Stoep as a fascist, but had not been excluded from the Chamber.

Paragraph 20: In February 1861, 54 percent of the state's voters voted against sending delegates to a secession convention, defeating the proposal for a State Convention by a vote of 69,675 to 57,798. If a State Convention had been held, it would have been very heavily pro-Union. 88,803 votes were cast for Unionist candidates and 22,749 votes were cast for Secession candidates. That day the American flag was displayed in "every section of the city," with zeal equal to that which existed during the late 1860 presidential campaign, wrote the Nashville Daily Gazette.  The proponents of the slavocracy were embarrassed, demoralized and politically disoriented but not willing to admit defeat:  "Whatever may be the result of the difficulties which at present agitate our country - whether we are to be united in our common destiny or whether two Republics shall take the place of that which has stood for nearly a century, the admired of all nations we will still bow with reverence to the sight of the stars and stripes, and recognize it as the standard around which the sons of liberty can rally [...]. And if the remonstrances of the people of the South-pleading and begging for redress for years-does not in this critical moment, arouse her brethren of the North to a sense of justice and right, and honor demands a separation, we would still have the same claims upon the 'colors of Washington, great son of the South, and of Virginia, mother of the States.' Let us not abandon the stars and stripes under which Southern men have so often been led to victory." "On the corner across from the newspaper office, a crowd had gathered around a bagpipe player playing Yankee Doodle, after which ex-mayor John Hugh Smith gave a speech that was received with loud cheers.

Paragraph 21: The "wiped off the map" translation originated from the state-controlled Islamic Republic News Agency. This translation's use in the media has been criticized. Arash Norouzi, artist and co-founder of The Mossadegh Project, said that the statement "wiped off the map" did not exist in the original speech and that Ahmadinejad directed his comment toward the "regime occupying Jerusalem". Norouzi's translation of the Persian quote reads; "the Imam said this regime occupying Jerusalem must vanish from the page of time." Juan Cole, historian of the Middle East and South Asia, concurred, writing that Ahmadinejad's statement should be translated as, "the Imam said that this regime occupying Jerusalem (een rezhim-e eshghalgar-e qods, ) must [vanish from] the page of time (bayad az safheh-ye ruzgar mahv shavad, )," noting that there is no Persian idiom to wipe something off the map. The key phrase here Safheh-ye ruzgar (pages of time/of history) was itself a slight variation on Ayatollah Khomeini's words, which Ahmadinejad was quoting, the Ayatollah having spoken of sahneh ruzgar (scene of time). In both cases, the allusion is to time, not to a place. No one noted the slight variation or context and the incorrect interpretation it referred to the destruction of Israel was maintained.  Shiraz Dossa, a professor of Political Science at St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia, Canada, also described the text as a mistranslation.The Guardian columnist and foreign correspondent Jonathan Steele published an article based on this line of reasoning. In an in-depth study of Iranian attitudes to Jews and the state of Israel, Hamburg professor of Islamic studies, Katajun Amirpur has argued that, in context, Ahmadinejad had been quoting Ayatollah Khomeini's words about the imminent appearance of the Soviet Union and the Shah's regime, and had tacked on his remarks concerning Israel. It follows, in her view, that the text could not imply any intention to destroy Israel or annihilate the Jewish people, since Khomeini's quoted statement preceding it prophesied that the Soviet Union and the Shah's regime would disappear, not that the Russian or Iranian people would thereby be extinguished.

Paragraph 22: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 23: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 24: In February 1861, 54 percent of the state's voters voted against sending delegates to a secession convention, defeating the proposal for a State Convention by a vote of 69,675 to 57,798. If a State Convention had been held, it would have been very heavily pro-Union. 88,803 votes were cast for Unionist candidates and 22,749 votes were cast for Secession candidates. That day the American flag was displayed in "every section of the city," with zeal equal to that which existed during the late 1860 presidential campaign, wrote the Nashville Daily Gazette.  The proponents of the slavocracy were embarrassed, demoralized and politically disoriented but not willing to admit defeat:  "Whatever may be the result of the difficulties which at present agitate our country - whether we are to be united in our common destiny or whether two Republics shall take the place of that which has stood for nearly a century, the admired of all nations we will still bow with reverence to the sight of the stars and stripes, and recognize it as the standard around which the sons of liberty can rally [...]. And if the remonstrances of the people of the South-pleading and begging for redress for years-does not in this critical moment, arouse her brethren of the North to a sense of justice and right, and honor demands a separation, we would still have the same claims upon the 'colors of Washington, great son of the South, and of Virginia, mother of the States.' Let us not abandon the stars and stripes under which Southern men have so often been led to victory." "On the corner across from the newspaper office, a crowd had gathered around a bagpipe player playing Yankee Doodle, after which ex-mayor John Hugh Smith gave a speech that was received with loud cheers.

Paragraph 25:  Daniel 7:4-8 " The first one was like a lion, and it had the wings of an eagle It was like a lion, and it had the wings of an eagle; that is the kingdom of Babylon, which was ruling at that time, and so did Jeremiah see it (4:7): “A lion has come up from its thicket,” and he says also (48:40): “like an eagle he shall soar.” until its wings were plucked Its wings were plucked, which is an allusion to its downfall. resembling a bear This represents the kingdom of Persia, which will reign after Babylon, who eats and drinks like a bear and is enwrapped in flesh like a bear. and it stood to one side and it stood to one side, indicating that when the kingdom of Babylon terminates, Persia will wait one year, when Media will reign. and there were three ribs in its mouth Aram. וּתְלָת עִלָעִין בְּפֻמַּהּ, three ribs. Our Sages explained that three provinces were constantly rebelling against it [i.e., Persia] and making peace with it; sometimes it would swallow them and sometimes spit them out. That is the meaning of “in its mouth between its teeth,” sometimes outside its teeth, sometimes inside (Kid. 72a), but I say that the three עִלָעִין are three kings who will rise from Persia: Cyrus, Ahasuerus, and Darius who built the Temple. four wings... four heads They are the four rulers to whom Alexander of Macedon allotted his kingdom at his death, as is written in the book of Joseph ben Gurion (Book 3, ch. 14), for this third beast is the kingdom of Antiochus, and it is called נָמֵר because it issued decrees upon Israel [which were] spotted (מְנֻמָּרוֹת) and varied one from the other. and... ten horns Aram. וְקַרְנַיִן עֲשַׂר. The angel explained to him that these are the ten kings who would ascend [the throne] of Rome before Vespasian, who would destroy the Temple.	speaking arrogantly words of arrogance. That is Titus, about whom the Rabbis, of blessed memory, said (Gittin 56b) that he blasphemed and berated and entered the Heichal with brazenness."

Paragraph 26: The 1940s was a period marked by iconic headwear. Because of the war, current European fashion was no longer available to women in the United States. In 1941, hatmakers failed to popularize Chinese and American Indian-based designs, causing one milliner to lament "How different when Paris was the fountainhead of style". As with hosiery hatmakers feared that bareheadness would become popular, and introduced new designs such as "Winged Victory Turbans" and "Commando Caps" in "Victory Gold". American designers, who were often overlooked, became more popular as American women began to wear their designs.  American designers of ready-to-wear contributed in other ways too.  They made improvements to sizing standards and began to use fiber content and care labels in clothing.  Hats were one of the few pieces of clothing that was not rationed during WWII, therefore there was a lot of attention paid to these headpieces. Styles ranged from turbans to straw hats.  The snood was an important accessory to a woman working in the factory. Snoods were fashionable and functional at the same time, they enabled factory women who were wearing pants and jumpsuits to still look feminine. Snoods pulled hair out of the face by containing it all at the back of the head in a hanging net. With all the long hair hanging in the net, the front of the hair was left out and could be curled and styled to glamourize the factory uniforms. Other popular headpieces were variations of headscarves, such as the bandana Rosie the Riveter is pictured wearing in the recruitment posters. Another variation of the headscarf was simply tying a square scarf folded in half under the chin. Later in the 1950s and 60s these headscarves became highly glamorized by celebrities like Audrey Hepburn, Brigitte Bardot, and Jacqueline Kennedy. This glamorized look came from women in the 1940s who wore headscarves over their victory rolls in order to make their simple clothes look dressed up. Draped turbans – sometimes fashioned from headscarves – also made an appearance in fashion, representing the working woman of the period. These were worn by women of all classes.This type of headwear could be glamorous or practical. Turbans were the most functional for the working woman because she was able to have all her hair out of her face and skip washing her hair by covering it with the turban. Both turbans and headscarves were useful for hiding curlers so when a woman got off work all she had to do was take out her curlers and her hair would be set for a night out. All these alternative options to hats were popular, not only for function and glamour, but also because the look could be achieved quite inexpensively.

Paragraph 27: On 24 November 2010 the British MEP Godfrey Bloom caused a row in the European Parliament when he interrupted a speech by Martin Schulz, heckling him with the Nazi propaganda slogan Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Führer ('one people, one empire, one leader') and accusing him of being an 'undemocratic fascist'. Bloom later stated that he was referring to the fact that the indoctrination of the German people under the Nazi regime has long-lasting effects; "some Germans still find it difficult to accept diversity in Europe and differences of opinion". In the debate on the future of the Euro Stability Pact Schulz had criticised the role played by the United Kingdom, which was involved in the discussions despite not being a member of the eurozone, and said that some eurosceptics would take pleasure in the collapse of the European Union. Following the incident, the President of Parliament, Jerzy Buzek, excluded Bloom from the Chamber. The Dutch MEP Barry Madlener, from the right-wing populist Partij voor de Vrijheid (PVV – Freedom Party), then protested against that decision, on the grounds that Schulz himself had recently described the PVV MEP Daniël van der Stoep as a fascist, but had not been excluded from the Chamber.

Paragraph 28: "As I have already said, khyang is the name given by the Tibetans to the wild horse of their northern steppes. More accurately it is a species of ass, quite as large in size as a large Japanese horse. In color it is reddish brown, with black hair on the ridge of the back and black mane and with the belly white. To all appearance it is an ordinary horse, except for its tufted tail. It is a powerful animal, and it is extraordinarily fleet. It is never seen singly, but always in twos or threes, if not in a herd of sixty or seventy. Its scientific name is Equus hemionis, but is for the most part called by its Tibetan name, which is usually spelled khyang in English. It has a curious habit of turning round and round, when it comes within seeing distance of a man. Even a mile and a quarter away, it will commence this turning round at every short stage of its approach, and after each turn it will stop for a while, to look at the man over its own back, like a fox. Ultimately it comes up quite close. When quite near it will look scared, and at the slightest thing will wheel round and dash away, but only to stop and look back. When one thinks it has run far away, it will be found that it has circled back quite near, to take, as it were, a silent survey of the stranger from behind. Altogether it is an animal of very queer habits."

Paragraph 29: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 30: On June 4, Crisp was the center of controversy in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays. While Crisp was trying to steal second base in the bottom of the sixth inning, Rays shortstop Jason Bartlett purposely placed his knee in front of the bag in an attempt to prevent Crisp from stealing the base. Crisp stole the base, but was not happy with this. On base again in the bottom of the eighth inning, he attempted another steal, this time taking out second baseman Akinori Iwamura on a hard slide. His slide was controversial and catalyzed the "payback pitch" the following game. During a pitching change in that inning, Rays manager Joe Maddon and Crisp argued, with Crisp in the dugout and Maddon on the pitching mound. After the game, Crisp said that he thought Bartlett would cover the bag, instead he (Bartlett) chose to tell Iwamura to take the throw in the eighth inning. Crisp described Bartlett's knee in front of the bag as a "Dirty" play. During the next game, with Crisp at bat in the bottom of the second inning, and the Sox up 3–1, Rays starter James Shields hit him on the thigh on the second pitch. Crisp charged the mound and first dodged a punch from Shields, and then threw a glancing punch at Shields, which set off a bench-clearing brawl. Crisp, Jonny Gomes, and Shields were ejected from the game. Major League Baseball suspended Crisp for seven games due to his actions in the brawl. Upon appeal, the suspension was reduced to five games, which he had served as of June 28, 2008. In Game 5 of the ALCS, Crisp had a game-tying hit in the bottom of the eighth inning to cap Boston's seven-run comeback. Boston would go on to win the game 8–7 with a walk-off single in the ninth inning by J. D. Drew, but eventually lost the series in seven games.

Paragraph 31: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 32: On 24 November 2010 the British MEP Godfrey Bloom caused a row in the European Parliament when he interrupted a speech by Martin Schulz, heckling him with the Nazi propaganda slogan Ein Volk, ein Reich, ein Führer ('one people, one empire, one leader') and accusing him of being an 'undemocratic fascist'. Bloom later stated that he was referring to the fact that the indoctrination of the German people under the Nazi regime has long-lasting effects; "some Germans still find it difficult to accept diversity in Europe and differences of opinion". In the debate on the future of the Euro Stability Pact Schulz had criticised the role played by the United Kingdom, which was involved in the discussions despite not being a member of the eurozone, and said that some eurosceptics would take pleasure in the collapse of the European Union. Following the incident, the President of Parliament, Jerzy Buzek, excluded Bloom from the Chamber. The Dutch MEP Barry Madlener, from the right-wing populist Partij voor de Vrijheid (PVV – Freedom Party), then protested against that decision, on the grounds that Schulz himself had recently described the PVV MEP Daniël van der Stoep as a fascist, but had not been excluded from the Chamber.

Paragraph 33: Aside from the main gameplay, a number of segments and contests were featured to profile other new video games and popular media for the home audience or respond to viewer letters, during and after each round. Many of these had an attached contest where viewers could send in a postcard or letter to try and win a prize, with the mailing address for these contests shown frequently on-screen on each episode.V&A Update: One of the secondary co-hosts briefly highlights information, hints, and tips for a recently released video game not otherwise featured on that day's episode, while emphasizing that home viewers should write down the provided tips. This segment took place twice on each episode, profiling a different game for each, though generally from the same console.Music Review: The other secondary co-host briefly profiles a new CD released by a popular musician or band, followed by showing a brief clip from a music video for a single from said album. Afterwards, the co-host plugs a contest where viewers can write in with the answer to a skill-testing question, usually referring to a brief fact from the review. The first person to write in with the correct answer would win a prize, generally a CD or home movie.Movie Review: Same as above, only the co-host profiles a new home video release, while showing a brief clip from the movie. The attached contest ran under similar rules, with the winner generally receiving free movie rental passes, typically from Rogers Video or Jumbo Video in later seasons.Letter Time: Nicholas Picholas reads a letter on-air that was sent in by a home viewer, which typically featured the viewer's name, age, and favourite video games & consoles. If their letter was read on air, the viewer would win a copy of one of the games that a first-place contestant won during that episode. Previous letters read during this segment were displayed on the wall behind Nicholas.Turbo Tips: Nicholas outlines additional tips, tricks, and hints for both games played in-competition on that day's episode. Unlike the V&A Updates, the tips in this segment were provided concurrently rather than in separate portions of the show.V&A Top 3:''' Nicholas' main co-host delivers a list of the top 3 best selling video games at the time of filming (originally the "Top 10" like in the show's title.) A separate contest after this segment allowed home viewers to win a larger prize if they could be the first to write in with the solution to a more difficult code or hint from a game not otherwise featured that week. This section of the show featured the co-host standing beside the cabinet for Rock-Ola's release of the 1980 arcade game Armor Attack.

Paragraph 34: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 35: During the 2000 season, Leffler drove full-time for the No. 18 MBNA sponsored Joe Gibbs Racing team in the Busch Series.  He finished twentieth in the final standings, earned three pole positions during the year, and finished second at Phoenix. He also made two IRL starts, among them a start for Treadway in the Indianapolis 500 where he started and finished seventeenth. After that season he moved up to the Winston Cup Series to become the driver of the #01 Cingular Wireless Dodge for Chip Ganassi Racing as the permanent replacement for Kenny Irwin Jr., who was killed in a practice crash while driving for the same team at New Hampshire in 2000.  Leffler's car retained sponsorship from BellSouth through its Cingular Wireless property, and with Ganassi's purchase of a stake in Felix Sabates' former team came a switch in manufacturer as Leffler became one of several drivers to drive Dodge Intrepids in the brand's return to NASCAR. It was a controversial decision, as Leffler performed poorly the season prior in excellent Joe Gibbs equipment in the Busch series. During his inaugural Cup season, he had only one top 10 finish and four failures to qualify. He was, however, the inaugural pole setter at Kansas Speedway.  After his 37th-place finish in the 2001 championship, Ganassi replaced him with Jimmy Spencer for the 2002 season and remade Leffler's former car into the #41 Target Dodge.

Paragraph 36: "As I have already said, khyang is the name given by the Tibetans to the wild horse of their northern steppes. More accurately it is a species of ass, quite as large in size as a large Japanese horse. In color it is reddish brown, with black hair on the ridge of the back and black mane and with the belly white. To all appearance it is an ordinary horse, except for its tufted tail. It is a powerful animal, and it is extraordinarily fleet. It is never seen singly, but always in twos or threes, if not in a herd of sixty or seventy. Its scientific name is Equus hemionis, but is for the most part called by its Tibetan name, which is usually spelled khyang in English. It has a curious habit of turning round and round, when it comes within seeing distance of a man. Even a mile and a quarter away, it will commence this turning round at every short stage of its approach, and after each turn it will stop for a while, to look at the man over its own back, like a fox. Ultimately it comes up quite close. When quite near it will look scared, and at the slightest thing will wheel round and dash away, but only to stop and look back. When one thinks it has run far away, it will be found that it has circled back quite near, to take, as it were, a silent survey of the stranger from behind. Altogether it is an animal of very queer habits."

Paragraph 37: Tettamanzi was born on 14 March 1934 in Renate, then in the province of Milan, now in the province of Monza and Brianza. He was educated at the Minor Seminary of Seveso and the Seminary of Venegono Inferiore and finally at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome where he earned a doctorate in theology. After studying in local seminaries, he was ordained a priest on 28 June 1957 by Archbishop Giovanni Battista Montini, the future Pope Paul VI. He served in the Archdiocese of Milan as a pastor and faculty member at the Minor Seminary of Masnago and of Seveso San Pietro from 1960 until 1966. He was a faculty member of the Seminary of Venegono from 1966 to 1986.

Paragraph 38: The 1940s was a period marked by iconic headwear. Because of the war, current European fashion was no longer available to women in the United States. In 1941, hatmakers failed to popularize Chinese and American Indian-based designs, causing one milliner to lament "How different when Paris was the fountainhead of style". As with hosiery hatmakers feared that bareheadness would become popular, and introduced new designs such as "Winged Victory Turbans" and "Commando Caps" in "Victory Gold". American designers, who were often overlooked, became more popular as American women began to wear their designs.  American designers of ready-to-wear contributed in other ways too.  They made improvements to sizing standards and began to use fiber content and care labels in clothing.  Hats were one of the few pieces of clothing that was not rationed during WWII, therefore there was a lot of attention paid to these headpieces. Styles ranged from turbans to straw hats.  The snood was an important accessory to a woman working in the factory. Snoods were fashionable and functional at the same time, they enabled factory women who were wearing pants and jumpsuits to still look feminine. Snoods pulled hair out of the face by containing it all at the back of the head in a hanging net. With all the long hair hanging in the net, the front of the hair was left out and could be curled and styled to glamourize the factory uniforms. Other popular headpieces were variations of headscarves, such as the bandana Rosie the Riveter is pictured wearing in the recruitment posters. Another variation of the headscarf was simply tying a square scarf folded in half under the chin. Later in the 1950s and 60s these headscarves became highly glamorized by celebrities like Audrey Hepburn, Brigitte Bardot, and Jacqueline Kennedy. This glamorized look came from women in the 1940s who wore headscarves over their victory rolls in order to make their simple clothes look dressed up. Draped turbans – sometimes fashioned from headscarves – also made an appearance in fashion, representing the working woman of the period. These were worn by women of all classes.This type of headwear could be glamorous or practical. Turbans were the most functional for the working woman because she was able to have all her hair out of her face and skip washing her hair by covering it with the turban. Both turbans and headscarves were useful for hiding curlers so when a woman got off work all she had to do was take out her curlers and her hair would be set for a night out. All these alternative options to hats were popular, not only for function and glamour, but also because the look could be achieved quite inexpensively.

Paragraph 39: As a basketball owner, he has been described by Time as a "cheapskate", a reference they also use for his baseball persona.  As of 1995, the time when Scottie Pippen was eager to either be traded or be rid of Krause, he had never renegotiated a contract.  As a baseball owner, he has had a reputation as one of the most militant, anti-union, hard-line owners.  Newsweek described him as "one of the hardest heads in the 1994 baseball strike". In the baseball offseason between the 1992 and 1993 seasons, he completely abstained from the free agent market.  Reinsdorf was one of the last holdouts to the 1996 labor agreement that instituted the salary cap while retaining arbitration rights for the players.  His 1996 signing of Albert Belle made news because of his widely publicized general opposition to spiraling player salaries. The $55 million signing was a turning point in the decision by the baseball owners to agree to revenue sharing. The signing also made Reinsdorf the employer of the highest paid Major League Baseball player and highest paid professional basketball player (Jordan) at the same time.  Reinsdorf had just re-signed Jordan after the 1995–96 NBA season. However, Jordan had been underpaid most of his career, and Reinsdorf, who did not feel he could justify the $30 million salary from a business standpoint, immediately realized he was going to soon feel buyer's remorse. Even his most successful baseball team was not highly paid: when the White Sox won the 2005 World Series, Reinsdorf had the 13th highest payroll of the 30 Major League Baseball teams.