Paragraph 1: Harold Wade Phillips (born June 21, 1947) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the Houston Roughnecks of the XFL. He has served as head coach of the Denver Broncos, Buffalo Bills, and Dallas Cowboys. He has also served as interim head coach for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Houston Texans. His career winning percentage as a head coach is .546. Additionally, Phillips has long been considered to be among the best defensive coordinators in the NFL. In his long career, he has served as defensive coordinator in eight separate stints with seven different franchises (twice with the Denver Broncos). Multiple players under Phillips' system have won Defensive Player of the Year: Reggie White, Bryce Paup, Bruce Smith, J. J. Watt and Aaron Donald. Others under Phillips have won Defensive Rookie of the Year: Mike Croel and Shawne Merriman.

Paragraph 2: Mason's theory of a "flight into war" being imposed on Hitler generated much controversy, and in the 1980s, he conducted a series of debates with economic historian Richard Overy on the matter. Overy maintained the decision to attack Poland was not caused by structural economic problems but was the result of Hitler wanting a localised war at that particular moment. For Overy, a major problem with the Mason thesis was that it rested on the assumption that although unrecorded by the records, that information had been passed on to Hitler about Germany's economic problems. Overy argued that there was a major difference between economic pressures that were inducted by the problems of the Four Year Plan and economic motives to seize raw materials, industry and foreign reserve of neighbouring states as a way of accelerating the Four Year Plan. Overy asserted that the repressive capacity of the German state as a way of dealing with domestic unhappiness was also somewhat downplayed by Mason. Finally, Overy argued that there is considerable evidence that the state felt that it could master the economic problems of rearmament. As one civil servant put it in January 1940, "we have already mastered so many difficulties in the past, that here too, if one or other raw material became extremely scarce, ways and means will always yet be found to get out of a fix".

Paragraph 3: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 4: After the death of Shershah, his son Jalal Khan was enthroned under the title of Islam Shah. Hemu who was responsible to enthrone Adil Shah at Delhi after the death of Islam Shah in 1552. Hemu was a native of Macheri in Alwar district and is said to be a hawker of salt petre in the streets of Rewari, but rose to the status of prime-minister of Muhammad Shah Adil Sur (1554-1557) by his intelligence, loyalty and great qualities of leadership. He fought and won twenty-two battles against his master's rivals. Gradually he became the de facto ruler of Sur kingdom as his master sank into sloth and obscurity. He fought successfully a battle against the Mughal governor of Delhi, and occupied the city, and proclaimed himself as an independent ruler. He distributed the spoil among the Afghans and thus won them over to his side. He assumed for himself the title of Vikramaditya, but an arrow accidentally struck his eye and pierced his brain in the battle of Panipat (1556). He lay unconscious and was brought before the young emperor Akbar, who gave a blow of sword to Hemu, and Bairam Khan finished him off. Hemu's head was sent to Kabul and his trunk to Delhi to be placed on a gibbet. Soon, forces were sent to strongly defended forts of Deoti and Macheri (now in Rajgarh, Alwar district) where Hemu's wife and his father had taken shelter with their precious goods and treasures. After some resistance, Hemu's father was captured and his conversion to Islam attempted. But he declined and said, "For eighty years I have worshipped my God according to this (Hindu) religion why should I change it at this time, and why should I, merely from fear of my life, and without understanding it, come into way of your worship". At this, he was put to death. Hemu's widow, however, escaped with elephants and treasures to the jungles. She was pursued and a part of treasure was recovered from her.

Paragraph 5: The Hyde-Inland M2 was a United States submachine gun design submitted for trials at Aberdeen Proving Ground in February 1941. Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935 (). The model first submitted for trials in April 1942 was designated the Hyde-Inland 1. Trials revealed the design was superior to the M1 submachine gun in mud and dirt tests, and its accuracy in full-automatic firing was better than any other submachine gun tested at the time.  An improved Hyde-Inland 2 was designated U.S. Submachine gun, Caliber .45, M2 as a substitute standard for the M1 Thompson in April 1942.  As Inland's manufacturing capacity became focused on M1 carbine production, the US Army contracted M2 production to Marlin Firearms in July 1942. Marlin began production in May 1943. Marlin's production failed to match the trials prototype performance; and Marlin's original contract for 164,450 M2s was canceled in 1943 upon adoption of the M3 submachine gun. The M2 is chambered for the .45 ACP cartridge and used the same 20- or 30-round magazine as the Thompson. Its cyclic rate of fire is 570 rounds per minute. None of the approximately 400 manufactured were issued by any branches of the United States military.

Paragraph 6: The first caution did not take long as it came out on lap 1 out of turn 2 which was the big one collecting 10 cars. Casey Mears got into Mike Bliss out of turn 2 causing Mears to spin to the left. Mears then overcorrected his car back to the right, right in front of a whole pack of cars causing others to check up and run into each other. The cars involved were Mears, Shane Hmiel, Robby Gordon, Scott Riggs, Matt Kenseth, Bobby Labonte, Jeff Gordon, Jeff Burton, Travis Kvapil, and Kurt Busch. A red flag was issued to clean up the mess. Pole-sitter Ryan Newman led the first lap under caution. On the restart on lap 6, Newman soon lost the lead to Jimmie Johnson. On lap 62, Greg Biffle took the lead from Jimmie Johnson. After the longest green flag run of 80 laps, the second caution came out on lap 85 for debris. On lap 91, Biffle gave up the lead to Johnson. On lap 117, the third caution came out when Mike Wallace blew an engine. Biffle won the race off of pit road and was the race leader. Johnson soon took the lead on the restart but Biffle took it back 10 laps later. On lap 159, the fourth caution flew when Kurt Busch blew a right front tire and hit the wall in turn 2. On the restart, Biffle and Johnson continued to swap the lead back and forth from each other. On lap 202, the 5th caution flew when Bobby Hamilton Jr. blew a right front tire and hit the wall in turn 2. On the restart, Johnson and Biffle continued to battle for the lead but Johnson won the battle with Biffle after they swapped the lead about 3 different times from each other. A majority of people thought that it was gonna be a spectacular finish between Biffle and Johnson towards the end of the race. On lap 233, the 6th caution came out for debris. On the race off of pit road, Biffle was the leader of the race and never gave up the lead to Johnson on the restart. With 47 laps to go, the 7th caution came out when Kyle Petty's engine let go. On the race off of pit road, Jimmie Johnson was the new race leader. With 31 to go, Robby Gordon's engine blew bringing out the 8th and final caution. Carl Edwards won the

Paragraph 7: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.

Paragraph 8: Mason's theory of a "flight into war" being imposed on Hitler generated much controversy, and in the 1980s, he conducted a series of debates with economic historian Richard Overy on the matter. Overy maintained the decision to attack Poland was not caused by structural economic problems but was the result of Hitler wanting a localised war at that particular moment. For Overy, a major problem with the Mason thesis was that it rested on the assumption that although unrecorded by the records, that information had been passed on to Hitler about Germany's economic problems. Overy argued that there was a major difference between economic pressures that were inducted by the problems of the Four Year Plan and economic motives to seize raw materials, industry and foreign reserve of neighbouring states as a way of accelerating the Four Year Plan. Overy asserted that the repressive capacity of the German state as a way of dealing with domestic unhappiness was also somewhat downplayed by Mason. Finally, Overy argued that there is considerable evidence that the state felt that it could master the economic problems of rearmament. As one civil servant put it in January 1940, "we have already mastered so many difficulties in the past, that here too, if one or other raw material became extremely scarce, ways and means will always yet be found to get out of a fix".

Paragraph 9: The Hyde-Inland M2 was a United States submachine gun design submitted for trials at Aberdeen Proving Ground in February 1941. Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935 (). The model first submitted for trials in April 1942 was designated the Hyde-Inland 1. Trials revealed the design was superior to the M1 submachine gun in mud and dirt tests, and its accuracy in full-automatic firing was better than any other submachine gun tested at the time.  An improved Hyde-Inland 2 was designated U.S. Submachine gun, Caliber .45, M2 as a substitute standard for the M1 Thompson in April 1942.  As Inland's manufacturing capacity became focused on M1 carbine production, the US Army contracted M2 production to Marlin Firearms in July 1942. Marlin began production in May 1943. Marlin's production failed to match the trials prototype performance; and Marlin's original contract for 164,450 M2s was canceled in 1943 upon adoption of the M3 submachine gun. The M2 is chambered for the .45 ACP cartridge and used the same 20- or 30-round magazine as the Thompson. Its cyclic rate of fire is 570 rounds per minute. None of the approximately 400 manufactured were issued by any branches of the United States military.

Paragraph 10: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.

Paragraph 11: Lonmin expressed satisfaction with the agreement as the conclusion of a difficult process, while acknowledging that it was "only one step in a long and difficult process which lies ahead for everyone who has been affected by the events at Marikana". Amcu's Mathunjwa said in a statement, "This could have been done without losing lives". The Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration congratulated the parties on their efforts, and, after the agreement was announced, the spot platinum price fell by two per cent and the exchange rate strengthened. However, although Lonmin said that it viewed the situation at Marikana as "extraordinary", some observers worried that Lonmin's concessions to the strikers would create moral hazard and inspire copycat wildcat strikes, with similarly ambitious wage demands, at other mines. Zwelinzima Vavi, the general secretary of Cosatu, echoed this concern; as did Baleni of the NUM: "The normal bargaining processes have been compromised. It does suggest that unprotected action, an element of anarchy, can be easily rewarded, people can do certain wrong things with impunity and that means that it can roll over to other operations." Noting the limitations of the agreement from another perspective, a member of the Marikana Solidarity Campaign pointed out that there was much more work still to be done, including in supporting the families of the victims of the massacre, offering counselling for post-traumatic stress, and overseeing the official government inquiry: The campaign will go on. This campaign is aimed at helping workers. People died here at Marikana. Something needs to be done. This is a campaign to ensure justice for the people of Marikana. We want the culprits to be brought to book, and it is crucial that justice is seen to be done here. It is our duty and the duty of this country to ensure justice is served, so that we can make sure this country is a democracy and to stop South Africa from going down the drain... During the past week people were taken from their homes and arrested by police, and people have been shot at. We need to ensure the safety of these people, and need to help stop police action against the people of Marikana. The work is enormous. Some people still need medical attention, and we also need to look at the living conditions of workers and the community at large. Then there is the problem of the unemployment of women and the high rate of illiteracy here. We need to help realise programmes to ensure people can get an income, that they can enjoy a reasonable standard of living.As agreed, the Lonmin mineworkers returned to work on 20 September, though operations at the Marikana mine were temporarily disrupted once again a month later – on 18 October – when thousands of Lonmin employees staged a one-day walkout to protest the arrests of other mineworkers in other mining strikes elsewhere in the country.

Paragraph 12: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.

Paragraph 13: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 14: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.

Paragraph 15: It is a tree reaching 14 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown to dark brown branches are densely covered in hairs. Its elliptical to egg-shaped, papery to leathery leaves are 12-29.5 by 4-11 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to wedge-shaped to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-22 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 12-22 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-12 by 1-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur alone or in pairs on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 3-18 by 0.3-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, slightly hairy bract that is 0.3-1 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1-2.5 by 1-2.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, very densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The outer petals are dark red, pink-purple, or purple. The oval to elliptical, outer petals are 1.5-4 by 2-3.5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and sparsely to densely hairy lower surfaces. The inner petals are dark red or purple. The heart-shaped to triangular, inner petals have a 2-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 4-11 by 2-7 millimeter blade. The inner petals have heart-shaped to flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface, except near their tips, and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have an elliptical, smooth, prominently raised gland on their upper surface. Male flowers have up to 55-65 stamens that are 0.7-1.3 by 0.4-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 11-17 carpels that are 1.2-2.1 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 2-5 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 3-9 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 3-15 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-30 by 1-2.5 millimeters. The dark brown, globe-shaped fruit are 7-17 by 5-15 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-5 hemispherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 8-9 by 5-7.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters. The seeds are very wrinkly.

Paragraph 16: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 17: It is a tree reaching 14 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown to dark brown branches are densely covered in hairs. Its elliptical to egg-shaped, papery to leathery leaves are 12-29.5 by 4-11 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to wedge-shaped to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-22 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 12-22 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-12 by 1-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur alone or in pairs on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 3-18 by 0.3-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, slightly hairy bract that is 0.3-1 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1-2.5 by 1-2.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, very densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The outer petals are dark red, pink-purple, or purple. The oval to elliptical, outer petals are 1.5-4 by 2-3.5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and sparsely to densely hairy lower surfaces. The inner petals are dark red or purple. The heart-shaped to triangular, inner petals have a 2-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 4-11 by 2-7 millimeter blade. The inner petals have heart-shaped to flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface, except near their tips, and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have an elliptical, smooth, prominently raised gland on their upper surface. Male flowers have up to 55-65 stamens that are 0.7-1.3 by 0.4-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 11-17 carpels that are 1.2-2.1 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 2-5 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 3-9 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 3-15 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-30 by 1-2.5 millimeters. The dark brown, globe-shaped fruit are 7-17 by 5-15 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-5 hemispherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 8-9 by 5-7.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters. The seeds are very wrinkly.

Paragraph 18: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 19: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 20: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.

Paragraph 21: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 22: Harold Wade Phillips (born June 21, 1947) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the Houston Roughnecks of the XFL. He has served as head coach of the Denver Broncos, Buffalo Bills, and Dallas Cowboys. He has also served as interim head coach for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Houston Texans. His career winning percentage as a head coach is .546. Additionally, Phillips has long been considered to be among the best defensive coordinators in the NFL. In his long career, he has served as defensive coordinator in eight separate stints with seven different franchises (twice with the Denver Broncos). Multiple players under Phillips' system have won Defensive Player of the Year: Reggie White, Bryce Paup, Bruce Smith, J. J. Watt and Aaron Donald. Others under Phillips have won Defensive Rookie of the Year: Mike Croel and Shawne Merriman.

Paragraph 23: Harold Wade Phillips (born June 21, 1947) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the Houston Roughnecks of the XFL. He has served as head coach of the Denver Broncos, Buffalo Bills, and Dallas Cowboys. He has also served as interim head coach for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Houston Texans. His career winning percentage as a head coach is .546. Additionally, Phillips has long been considered to be among the best defensive coordinators in the NFL. In his long career, he has served as defensive coordinator in eight separate stints with seven different franchises (twice with the Denver Broncos). Multiple players under Phillips' system have won Defensive Player of the Year: Reggie White, Bryce Paup, Bruce Smith, J. J. Watt and Aaron Donald. Others under Phillips have won Defensive Rookie of the Year: Mike Croel and Shawne Merriman.

Paragraph 24: Lonmin expressed satisfaction with the agreement as the conclusion of a difficult process, while acknowledging that it was "only one step in a long and difficult process which lies ahead for everyone who has been affected by the events at Marikana". Amcu's Mathunjwa said in a statement, "This could have been done without losing lives". The Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration congratulated the parties on their efforts, and, after the agreement was announced, the spot platinum price fell by two per cent and the exchange rate strengthened. However, although Lonmin said that it viewed the situation at Marikana as "extraordinary", some observers worried that Lonmin's concessions to the strikers would create moral hazard and inspire copycat wildcat strikes, with similarly ambitious wage demands, at other mines. Zwelinzima Vavi, the general secretary of Cosatu, echoed this concern; as did Baleni of the NUM: "The normal bargaining processes have been compromised. It does suggest that unprotected action, an element of anarchy, can be easily rewarded, people can do certain wrong things with impunity and that means that it can roll over to other operations." Noting the limitations of the agreement from another perspective, a member of the Marikana Solidarity Campaign pointed out that there was much more work still to be done, including in supporting the families of the victims of the massacre, offering counselling for post-traumatic stress, and overseeing the official government inquiry: The campaign will go on. This campaign is aimed at helping workers. People died here at Marikana. Something needs to be done. This is a campaign to ensure justice for the people of Marikana. We want the culprits to be brought to book, and it is crucial that justice is seen to be done here. It is our duty and the duty of this country to ensure justice is served, so that we can make sure this country is a democracy and to stop South Africa from going down the drain... During the past week people were taken from their homes and arrested by police, and people have been shot at. We need to ensure the safety of these people, and need to help stop police action against the people of Marikana. The work is enormous. Some people still need medical attention, and we also need to look at the living conditions of workers and the community at large. Then there is the problem of the unemployment of women and the high rate of illiteracy here. We need to help realise programmes to ensure people can get an income, that they can enjoy a reasonable standard of living.As agreed, the Lonmin mineworkers returned to work on 20 September, though operations at the Marikana mine were temporarily disrupted once again a month later – on 18 October – when thousands of Lonmin employees staged a one-day walkout to protest the arrests of other mineworkers in other mining strikes elsewhere in the country.

Paragraph 25: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 26: Harold Wade Phillips (born June 21, 1947) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach of the Houston Roughnecks of the XFL. He has served as head coach of the Denver Broncos, Buffalo Bills, and Dallas Cowboys. He has also served as interim head coach for the New Orleans Saints, Atlanta Falcons, and the Houston Texans. His career winning percentage as a head coach is .546. Additionally, Phillips has long been considered to be among the best defensive coordinators in the NFL. In his long career, he has served as defensive coordinator in eight separate stints with seven different franchises (twice with the Denver Broncos). Multiple players under Phillips' system have won Defensive Player of the Year: Reggie White, Bryce Paup, Bruce Smith, J. J. Watt and Aaron Donald. Others under Phillips have won Defensive Rookie of the Year: Mike Croel and Shawne Merriman.

Paragraph 27: After the death of Shershah, his son Jalal Khan was enthroned under the title of Islam Shah. Hemu who was responsible to enthrone Adil Shah at Delhi after the death of Islam Shah in 1552. Hemu was a native of Macheri in Alwar district and is said to be a hawker of salt petre in the streets of Rewari, but rose to the status of prime-minister of Muhammad Shah Adil Sur (1554-1557) by his intelligence, loyalty and great qualities of leadership. He fought and won twenty-two battles against his master's rivals. Gradually he became the de facto ruler of Sur kingdom as his master sank into sloth and obscurity. He fought successfully a battle against the Mughal governor of Delhi, and occupied the city, and proclaimed himself as an independent ruler. He distributed the spoil among the Afghans and thus won them over to his side. He assumed for himself the title of Vikramaditya, but an arrow accidentally struck his eye and pierced his brain in the battle of Panipat (1556). He lay unconscious and was brought before the young emperor Akbar, who gave a blow of sword to Hemu, and Bairam Khan finished him off. Hemu's head was sent to Kabul and his trunk to Delhi to be placed on a gibbet. Soon, forces were sent to strongly defended forts of Deoti and Macheri (now in Rajgarh, Alwar district) where Hemu's wife and his father had taken shelter with their precious goods and treasures. After some resistance, Hemu's father was captured and his conversion to Islam attempted. But he declined and said, "For eighty years I have worshipped my God according to this (Hindu) religion why should I change it at this time, and why should I, merely from fear of my life, and without understanding it, come into way of your worship". At this, he was put to death. Hemu's widow, however, escaped with elephants and treasures to the jungles. She was pursued and a part of treasure was recovered from her.

Paragraph 28: It is a tree reaching 14 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown to dark brown branches are densely covered in hairs. Its elliptical to egg-shaped, papery to leathery leaves are 12-29.5 by 4-11 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to wedge-shaped to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-22 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 12-22 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-12 by 1-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur alone or in pairs on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 3-18 by 0.3-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, slightly hairy bract that is 0.3-1 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1-2.5 by 1-2.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, very densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The outer petals are dark red, pink-purple, or purple. The oval to elliptical, outer petals are 1.5-4 by 2-3.5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and sparsely to densely hairy lower surfaces. The inner petals are dark red or purple. The heart-shaped to triangular, inner petals have a 2-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 4-11 by 2-7 millimeter blade. The inner petals have heart-shaped to flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface, except near their tips, and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have an elliptical, smooth, prominently raised gland on their upper surface. Male flowers have up to 55-65 stamens that are 0.7-1.3 by 0.4-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 11-17 carpels that are 1.2-2.1 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 2-5 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 3-9 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 3-15 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-30 by 1-2.5 millimeters. The dark brown, globe-shaped fruit are 7-17 by 5-15 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-5 hemispherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 8-9 by 5-7.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters. The seeds are very wrinkly.

Paragraph 29: At the cemetery, she overhears two thugs that interrogated Jack Dupree. She also hears the argument over the map and that one of the keys is in Jack Dupree's apartment. Nicole jumps onto her motorcycle and drives to Jack's apartment. She comes a bit late, as the thug is already there trying to break the door. She then goes downstairs and rings a bell, from which a woman's voice answers. She tells the woman to call the police, which she does. Soon, the thug is arrested, with Nicole free to go inside. In Dupree's apartment she finds a dagger that was well hidden behind a picture over a fireplace. After she takes the dagger, she jumps onto the motorcycle and pays a visit to the hotel on the way to the cemetery, where she picks up the box she found in Jack Dupree's apartment. She arrives to the cemetery and goes to the rest of the thugs unafraid. The apparent puppeteer tells her to open the grave in which he believes the treasures are being stored. Nicole demands the map, and, by placing the dagger and the key that she found in Jack's box on the map, opens the grave. As soon as she matches the dagger and the key, she gets the path on the map, which she gives to the killer.  The killer, however, doesn't fulfill his promise, as he is afraid to trust her because she might turn him in to the police, even though he claimed that he was innocent. He leaves her with his accomplice, and takes Jack Dupree with him. As soon as he and Jack leave, Nicole starts a fight with the accomplice that results in him falling on the bricks near the asphalt and cracking his head. After that, she goes into the tomb. There she goes down by a rubber hose, after which she travels through an underground lake. She finds an open door and goes in it. The apparent killer turns his gun on her and fires it. Nicole falls on the ground unhurt, but her gun is by her side and not in her hands. She tries to grab the gun but the apparent killer warns her that if she does he will shoot Jack. Then, out of a blue, the real killer shows up. From him Nicole finds out that he was the one behind the murders of eight people, that he was a puppeteer she was looking for, and that he did it out of revenge that was 200 years in the making! After that dialogue the real killer's brother calls him a fool, provoking the killer and causing him to open fire, killing his brother and injuring Jack. Nicole, realizing that it's time to act, grabs the gun and fires it at the puppeteer, killing him. After that, she and Jack leave the tomb and go straight to the cafe.

Paragraph 30: It is a tree reaching 14 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown to dark brown branches are densely covered in hairs. Its elliptical to egg-shaped, papery to leathery leaves are 12-29.5 by 4-11 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to wedge-shaped to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-22 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 12-22 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-12 by 1-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur alone or in pairs on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 3-18 by 0.3-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, slightly hairy bract that is 0.3-1 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1-2.5 by 1-2.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, very densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The outer petals are dark red, pink-purple, or purple. The oval to elliptical, outer petals are 1.5-4 by 2-3.5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and sparsely to densely hairy lower surfaces. The inner petals are dark red or purple. The heart-shaped to triangular, inner petals have a 2-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 4-11 by 2-7 millimeter blade. The inner petals have heart-shaped to flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface, except near their tips, and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have an elliptical, smooth, prominently raised gland on their upper surface. Male flowers have up to 55-65 stamens that are 0.7-1.3 by 0.4-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 11-17 carpels that are 1.2-2.1 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 2-5 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 3-9 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 3-15 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-30 by 1-2.5 millimeters. The dark brown, globe-shaped fruit are 7-17 by 5-15 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-5 hemispherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 8-9 by 5-7.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters. The seeds are very wrinkly.

Paragraph 31: In his 1967 pamphlet, "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes said that the historical "blackout" with regards to World War II had become a "smotherout" as a result of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Writing about the Eichmann trial of 1961, Barnes said that the trial showed "an almost adolescent gullibility and excitability on the part of Americans relative to German wartime crimes, real or alleged" (emphasis in original). Barnes wrote that the charges against Eichmann rested on "fundamental but unproved assumptions that what Hitler and the National Socialists did in the years after [the Allies] entered the war". Barnes accused the American media of publishing "sensational articles" about "exaggerated National Socialist savagery". Barnes described the expulsion of Germans from Eastern Europe as the "final solution" for the German people. Writing of the expulsion of the ethnic Germans from the Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia in 1945–46, he claimed that "at least four million of them perished in the process from butchery, starvation and disease." Barnes claimed that the Allied bombing offensive, together with the expulsions of the ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe, were far worse than anything the Nazis were alleged to have done. In "The Public Stake in Revisionism", Barnes wrote that "The number of civilians exterminated by the Allies, before, during, and after the Second World War, equaled, if it did not far exceed those liquidated by the Germans and the Allied liquidation program was often carried out by methods which were far more brutal and painful then whatever extermination actually took place in German gas ovens". Barnes said that certain (unnamed) "court historians" were guilty of ensuring that Allied war crimes were never "cogently and frankly placed over against the doings, real or alleged, at Auschwitz." Barnes acknowledged that there were concentration camps in Nazi Germany, but denied there were ever death camps. Barnes said that when "court historians" were forced by "revisionists" to admit there were no death camps, the evidence for gas chambers at the death camps was manufactured.

Paragraph 32: The Hyde-Inland M2 was a United States submachine gun design submitted for trials at Aberdeen Proving Ground in February 1941. Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935 (). The model first submitted for trials in April 1942 was designated the Hyde-Inland 1. Trials revealed the design was superior to the M1 submachine gun in mud and dirt tests, and its accuracy in full-automatic firing was better than any other submachine gun tested at the time.  An improved Hyde-Inland 2 was designated U.S. Submachine gun, Caliber .45, M2 as a substitute standard for the M1 Thompson in April 1942.  As Inland's manufacturing capacity became focused on M1 carbine production, the US Army contracted M2 production to Marlin Firearms in July 1942. Marlin began production in May 1943. Marlin's production failed to match the trials prototype performance; and Marlin's original contract for 164,450 M2s was canceled in 1943 upon adoption of the M3 submachine gun. The M2 is chambered for the .45 ACP cartridge and used the same 20- or 30-round magazine as the Thompson. Its cyclic rate of fire is 570 rounds per minute. None of the approximately 400 manufactured were issued by any branches of the United States military.

Paragraph 33: It is a tree reaching 14 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown to dark brown branches are densely covered in hairs. Its elliptical to egg-shaped, papery to leathery leaves are 12-29.5 by 4-11 centimeters. The leaves have pointed to wedge-shaped to blunt bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 5-22 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless on their upper and lower surfaces. The leaves have 12-22 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its densely hairy petioles are 2-12 by 1-3.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur alone or in pairs on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has a 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 3-18 by 0.3-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, slightly hairy bract that is 0.3-1 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 triangular sepals, that are 1-2.5 by 1-2.5 millimeters and partially fused at their base. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, very densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The outer petals are dark red, pink-purple, or purple. The oval to elliptical, outer petals are 1.5-4 by 2-3.5 millimeters with hairless upper surfaces and sparsely to densely hairy lower surfaces. The inner petals are dark red or purple. The heart-shaped to triangular, inner petals have a 2-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 4-11 by 2-7 millimeter blade. The inner petals have heart-shaped to flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface, except near their tips, and densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The inner petals have an elliptical, smooth, prominently raised gland on their upper surface. Male flowers have up to 55-65 stamens that are 0.7-1.3 by 0.4-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 11-17 carpels that are 1.2-2.1 by 0.6-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 2-5 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 3-9 sterile stamens. The fruit occur in clusters of 3-15 on slightly hairy pedicles that are 10-30 by 1-2.5 millimeters. The dark brown, globe-shaped fruit are 7-17 by 5-15 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit has 4-5 hemispherical to lens-shaped seeds that are 8-9 by 5-7.5 by 2.5-5 millimeters. The seeds are very wrinkly.

Paragraph 34: Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor (Felix Aylmer). The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices.