Paragraph 1: The origin of this goddess is in Ujjain, India. Indian emperor 'Bikramaditya', who was also the founder of Bikram Sambat, came to Nepal with his beloved goddess Harisiddhi and established the temple of her in Baneshwor, Nepal. He then initiated the dance of gods and goddesses. After some years, the dance was discontinued. In the Lichchhavi period, (about 745 B.S.), the goddess Harisiddhi was taken to Harisiddhi village and the dance was again started. In course of time, the dance was again discontinued for some years. During the reign of King Amar Malla, the famous incantatory (Baidhya) 'Gayojuju' brought the lost dance and King Yog Narendra Malla provided certain space to continue it. The famous incantatory, Gayojuju, 'Yogendranand Rajopadhya', has been believed to be able to talk to gods and goddesses. He had started Gurukul school system at his home at that time where his pupils used to help him in households. One day, one of his pupils went to Godawari forest to collect some wood. There, he encountered a strange musical sound. He went after the sound and in the meantime reached the top of the Phulchowki forest and came across a surprising incident. He got afraid and so, went to hide in the bushes, from where, he looked at those astounding scenes of gods and goddesses coming down from the heaven, performing dance with lovely music and departing. It continued for the whole day and in the evening, it ended. The boy then came out from the bushes. He forgot his purpose of coming and so, he returned empty handed. When Guru asked him for the explanation, he put forth the whole event. Guru got anxious after hearing his pupil's words and decided to investigate about it. Next morning, he went to the venue with his pupils with full preparation and watched the happening hiding behind the bushes. Then, the Guru enclosed the area with an enchanted thread. Gods and goddesses came down to dance from heaven, but could not depart. The goddess Harisiddhi asked for the person responsible. Soon, guru came out, confessed his doings and expressed that he didn't have enough of the dance. So, he wished to watch the dance again. When Guru promised to manage everything, the goddess agreed. Guru, with some incantations, then made the gods and goddesses enter into drinking vessel (Kamandal), then wrapped the vessel with an enchanted thread and covered it with the grass. They came down the hill carrying the vessel and later on, the temple was established.

Paragraph 2: The Constitution of Medina, written shortly after hijra, addressed some points regarding the civil and religious situation for the Jewish communities living within the city from an Islamic perspective. For example, the constitution stated that the Jews "will profess their religion, and the Muslims theirs", and they "shall be responsible for their expenditure, and the Muslims for theirs". After the Battle of Badr, the Jewish tribe of Banu Qaynuqa breached treaties and agreements with Muhammad. Muhammad regarded this as casus belli and besieged the Banu Qaynuqa. Upon surrender the tribe was expelled. The following year saw the expulsion of the second tribe, the Banu Nadir, accused of planning to kill the prophet Muhammad. The third major Jewish tribe in Medina, Banu Qurayza was eliminated after  betraying the Muslims during the Battle of the Trench. However, there were many Jewish communities in Medina who continued to live in Medina peacefully after these events such as Banu Awf, Banu Harith, Banu Jusham Banu Alfageer, Banu Najjar, Banu Sa'ida, and Banu Shutayba.

Paragraph 3: The Constitution of Medina, written shortly after hijra, addressed some points regarding the civil and religious situation for the Jewish communities living within the city from an Islamic perspective. For example, the constitution stated that the Jews "will profess their religion, and the Muslims theirs", and they "shall be responsible for their expenditure, and the Muslims for theirs". After the Battle of Badr, the Jewish tribe of Banu Qaynuqa breached treaties and agreements with Muhammad. Muhammad regarded this as casus belli and besieged the Banu Qaynuqa. Upon surrender the tribe was expelled. The following year saw the expulsion of the second tribe, the Banu Nadir, accused of planning to kill the prophet Muhammad. The third major Jewish tribe in Medina, Banu Qurayza was eliminated after  betraying the Muslims during the Battle of the Trench. However, there were many Jewish communities in Medina who continued to live in Medina peacefully after these events such as Banu Awf, Banu Harith, Banu Jusham Banu Alfageer, Banu Najjar, Banu Sa'ida, and Banu Shutayba.

Paragraph 4: Johnson ran for a full term that year and was unopposed in the May 3 primary, after Linda S. Reidelbach, an unsuccessful independent candidate for Congress in the 15th District in 1992, withdrew from the race despite filing nominating petitions. Johnson received 15,271 votes in the primary. On November 8, he faced Democratic nominee Christina L. Cox, a trustee in Blendon Township. Cox was also unopposed in her primary. She filed a complaint with the Ohio Elections Commission because Johnson ran television advertisements calling for voters to "re-elect" him. "A key issue in this campaign is the fact that Bruce Johnson has never been elected to anything." Cox told The Columbus Dispatch. "He was appointed by the Downtown influence peddlers, but he's trying to make the people think they elected him." However Johnson won the endorsement of the Dispatch. Johnson won the general election, 53,290 (61.78%) to 38,974 (38.22%).

Paragraph 5: The very old linking roads to neighbouring villages are mostly still preserved and usable. The economically important forest paths used for logging and hiking are maintained and in good condition, whereas others are being reclaimed by the wilderness and are disappearing. Farm lanes, too, are only passable if the fields that they reach are still being used. During the Flurbereinigung undertaken in the late 1950s, which saw various parcels of land consolidated, many fieldpaths were swept away. As of 1990, the municipality of Waldmohr had all together 563.9 ha of wooded land, of which 365 ha was state-owned, 159.3 ha was municipally owned and 39.6 ha was privately owned. As of 1983, Waldmohr had an area of 1 307 ha, of which 363 ha, or 27.2%, was under agricultural use. According to the municipal plan, 18.5 ha is given over to existing bodies of water. Various rural cadastral names point to historical ownership, location, particular soil conditions or former bodies of water. A few examples include: Kirchelborn or Kirckelborn, Spickelberg, Warbach, Bolsten, Häupel, Heiligenwald, etc. In 1901, the forestry office building came into service. The region over which it holds sway is today one of the biggest in the Palatinate. In 1257, the Mohrmühle, one of the oldest mills in the region, had its first documentary mention. The old mill, where from sometime before 1610 until 1645 in the Thirty Years' War direct ancestors of former President of Germany Richard von Weizsäcker lived, is now a destination for outings with a restaurant. In the 1960s, another old mill, the Waldmohrer Mühle, built in 1715, was falling into ever greater disrepair and ended up being torn down. Only a couple of rural cadastral names (in den Mühlwiesen, auf dem Mühlfeld) now recall the actual mill. It was both a gristmill and a sawmill in its time. Three outlying farmsteads (Aussiedlerhöfe) are still worked nowadays. These are Oehlbühlerhof (founded in 1958; area 0.9 ha), Bolsterhof (founded in 1958; area 0.9 ha) and Erlenhof (founded in 1965; area 0.8 ha). The Oehlbühlerhof is tended by the owner of the Erlenhof.

Paragraph 6: The political climate of the 1820s and 1830s divided the residents of Richmond Hill into two groups: the Reformers and the Tories.  Many of the newer immigrants came from well off British families that got along well with the elite society of Upper Canada.  These settlers were Tories, allied with the establishment, usually members of the Church of England.  The Reformers tended to be long-settled people of lower classes, often United Empire Loyalists or American immigrants.  The 1828 election to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada elected two Reformers from the York riding, which included Richmond Hill.  The two elected were William Lyon Mackenzie and Jesse Ketchum.  Subsequent elections in 1830, 1834 and 1836 for the Legislative Assembly returned mostly Reform candidates.  The crops of 1836 and 1837 did not do well, and Upper Canada was experiencing economic recession.  Farming suffered under the banks' reducing the credit available and calling in outstanding loans.  Farmers in Richmond Hill and the other outlying areas around Toronto became increasing sympathetic to talk of revolt.  William Lyon Mackenzie issued a letter on 1 December 1837 calling the citizens of Upper Canada to revolt while the militia was in Lower Canada suppressing revolt there.  On December 4, 1837 those swayed to his cause, and began moving south from the settlement in the north towards Toronto, where they planned to seize a weapon cache.  They came through Richmond Hill in the afternoon, and caught the attention of Captain Hugh Stewart who was in a tavern just north of Richmond Hill.  Loyalist residents of Richmond Hill began to assemble on the farm of "Colonel Moodie", a proud supporter of the Empire whose house made a natural gathering place for loyalists.  Richmond Hill resident William Crew set out for Toronto to warn the government there of the oncoming rebels.  When word reached Colonel Moodie that Crew had been detained by the rebels, Moodie set out with fellow Richmond Hill residents David Bridgeford and Hugh Stewart to head to Toronto and give warning.  They encountered a road blockade by the rebels at Montgomery's Tavern.  They charged the blockage and Moodie was shot.  The company of men less Bridgeford were taken prisoner, and Moodie died later that night, the first casualty of the Upper Canada Rebellion.  Bridgeford met up with John Powell and headed to Toronto, where he was able to warn lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada Francis Bond Head of the impending rebellion.  Riding north afterwards to secure further volunteers, Bridgeford was captured by the rebels.  On December 5, 1837 Mackenzie and some five hundred poorly equipped rebels marched south but were quickly rebuffed by sheriff William Jarvis and some twenty other men.  They regrouped at Montgomery's Tavern, where the last battle of the rebellion was fought on December 7.  The rebels were routed and Bridgeford and the other loyalist prisoners were freed.  The rebellion left a simmering feud in Richmond Hill between Tories and Reformers that lasted a generation.  The local meeting on October 15, 1838 to make statements for Lord Durham's Report ended in a brawl.  In the end, the Tories gained control of the political and culture life of Richmond Hill and maintained it for many years.

Paragraph 7: Passenger records of Peter Wyngarde's journey to the UK in 1945 and a biography published in 2020 name his father as a British merchant seaman called Henry Goldbert (1897–1945). Henry Goldbert was of Russian ethnicity and born in present day Ukraine. He grew up in British Malaya, where he became a naturalised British citizen. Wyngarde had claimed that Henry Goldbert was his stepfather, and that his birth father was an Englishman named Henry Wyngarde who had a prestigious career in the British Diplomatic Service in Hong Kong, Malaya, Singapore and India, before becoming an importer-exporter of antique watches living in Eaton Square, London. No such person appears in any public records in the UK or anywhere in the world. Despite being named as Wyngarde's next of kin on the passenger manifest, Henry Goldbert appears to have died in the US in October 1945, a few weeks before his son arrived in the UK from Shanghai.

Paragraph 8: The origin of this goddess is in Ujjain, India. Indian emperor 'Bikramaditya', who was also the founder of Bikram Sambat, came to Nepal with his beloved goddess Harisiddhi and established the temple of her in Baneshwor, Nepal. He then initiated the dance of gods and goddesses. After some years, the dance was discontinued. In the Lichchhavi period, (about 745 B.S.), the goddess Harisiddhi was taken to Harisiddhi village and the dance was again started. In course of time, the dance was again discontinued for some years. During the reign of King Amar Malla, the famous incantatory (Baidhya) 'Gayojuju' brought the lost dance and King Yog Narendra Malla provided certain space to continue it. The famous incantatory, Gayojuju, 'Yogendranand Rajopadhya', has been believed to be able to talk to gods and goddesses. He had started Gurukul school system at his home at that time where his pupils used to help him in households. One day, one of his pupils went to Godawari forest to collect some wood. There, he encountered a strange musical sound. He went after the sound and in the meantime reached the top of the Phulchowki forest and came across a surprising incident. He got afraid and so, went to hide in the bushes, from where, he looked at those astounding scenes of gods and goddesses coming down from the heaven, performing dance with lovely music and departing. It continued for the whole day and in the evening, it ended. The boy then came out from the bushes. He forgot his purpose of coming and so, he returned empty handed. When Guru asked him for the explanation, he put forth the whole event. Guru got anxious after hearing his pupil's words and decided to investigate about it. Next morning, he went to the venue with his pupils with full preparation and watched the happening hiding behind the bushes. Then, the Guru enclosed the area with an enchanted thread. Gods and goddesses came down to dance from heaven, but could not depart. The goddess Harisiddhi asked for the person responsible. Soon, guru came out, confessed his doings and expressed that he didn't have enough of the dance. So, he wished to watch the dance again. When Guru promised to manage everything, the goddess agreed. Guru, with some incantations, then made the gods and goddesses enter into drinking vessel (Kamandal), then wrapped the vessel with an enchanted thread and covered it with the grass. They came down the hill carrying the vessel and later on, the temple was established.

Paragraph 9: One day, Bobby spots Lilly's former teammate and friend Rubina, who now works in a tailoring shop. She tells Bobby the whole truth of what transpired in Lilly's life after he had left. During a high-profile tournament, Lilly's team won the cup, and she was also named the “best player”. The chief-guest and presenter of the awards, Ramesh Rao, who is a south-zone selector for BCCI, lusts for Lilly. He meets with Lilly in his office the next day and demands her to sleep with him to get selected for the national team. Lilly is visibly shaken and reduced to tears by this demand. Still, she refuses to lodge any complaint due to fear of confrontation, despite entreaties from her good friend Rubina in whom she had confided. But Rubina complains on Lilly's behalf anyway, and getting wind of this, Ramesh Rao barges into their change-room and physically assaults both Lilly and Rubina. Lilly, who gets even more shaken and distressed due to this incident, meets with an accident shortly afterwards while crossing the road in a daze. Due to her fractured leg and the sexual assault of Ramesh Rao, Lilly was now severely scarred mentally and slipped into psychological breakdown and depression. On finally coming to know of all this through Rubina, Bobby gets furious and beats Ramesh Rao black and blue with his comrade friends. He then comes to Lilly and breaks down in front of her apologising for ever having left her. Lilly is unaware of the reason for this sudden confession but is heartened by the fact that some of his old passion for her has returned. But Bobby then takes Lilly to the police station where his friends were waiting, lodging an official police complaint against Ramesh Rao on the sexual harassment incident. Lilly, suddenly realising the reason for Bobby's emotional turnaround, refuses to co-operate with his plans for taking strong punitive action against Ramesh Rao. She instead complains that everybody has only ever tried to force their own will on her while nobody has ever bothered to ask her what she really wants. Her own father had also discouraged her earlier when she told him about the incident, as he believed it would ruin the family's reputation. Her agitated father, who is now with her in the Police Station, escorts her back home away from a frustrated Bobby whose vigorous requests to her to stay back and fight for her rights like true comrades goes unheeded.

Paragraph 10: Most of the village is located in a wooded valley bottom, straddling a single road which follows the stream that runs through what is left of Cold Hesledon Dene. Where the road rises to meet the original path of the old A19, there is a small but very fine medieval church which is hidden from the old A19 in a dip. In the opposite direction where the village road to Seaham crosses the stream is Dalden Tower. The pele-tower is the most prominent part of the remains of what was a large medieval manor house complex. The site is a Scheduled Ancient Monument and the tower is Grade II* listed on the National Heritage List for England.

Paragraph 11: The political climate of the 1820s and 1830s divided the residents of Richmond Hill into two groups: the Reformers and the Tories.  Many of the newer immigrants came from well off British families that got along well with the elite society of Upper Canada.  These settlers were Tories, allied with the establishment, usually members of the Church of England.  The Reformers tended to be long-settled people of lower classes, often United Empire Loyalists or American immigrants.  The 1828 election to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada elected two Reformers from the York riding, which included Richmond Hill.  The two elected were William Lyon Mackenzie and Jesse Ketchum.  Subsequent elections in 1830, 1834 and 1836 for the Legislative Assembly returned mostly Reform candidates.  The crops of 1836 and 1837 did not do well, and Upper Canada was experiencing economic recession.  Farming suffered under the banks' reducing the credit available and calling in outstanding loans.  Farmers in Richmond Hill and the other outlying areas around Toronto became increasing sympathetic to talk of revolt.  William Lyon Mackenzie issued a letter on 1 December 1837 calling the citizens of Upper Canada to revolt while the militia was in Lower Canada suppressing revolt there.  On December 4, 1837 those swayed to his cause, and began moving south from the settlement in the north towards Toronto, where they planned to seize a weapon cache.  They came through Richmond Hill in the afternoon, and caught the attention of Captain Hugh Stewart who was in a tavern just north of Richmond Hill.  Loyalist residents of Richmond Hill began to assemble on the farm of "Colonel Moodie", a proud supporter of the Empire whose house made a natural gathering place for loyalists.  Richmond Hill resident William Crew set out for Toronto to warn the government there of the oncoming rebels.  When word reached Colonel Moodie that Crew had been detained by the rebels, Moodie set out with fellow Richmond Hill residents David Bridgeford and Hugh Stewart to head to Toronto and give warning.  They encountered a road blockade by the rebels at Montgomery's Tavern.  They charged the blockage and Moodie was shot.  The company of men less Bridgeford were taken prisoner, and Moodie died later that night, the first casualty of the Upper Canada Rebellion.  Bridgeford met up with John Powell and headed to Toronto, where he was able to warn lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada Francis Bond Head of the impending rebellion.  Riding north afterwards to secure further volunteers, Bridgeford was captured by the rebels.  On December 5, 1837 Mackenzie and some five hundred poorly equipped rebels marched south but were quickly rebuffed by sheriff William Jarvis and some twenty other men.  They regrouped at Montgomery's Tavern, where the last battle of the rebellion was fought on December 7.  The rebels were routed and Bridgeford and the other loyalist prisoners were freed.  The rebellion left a simmering feud in Richmond Hill between Tories and Reformers that lasted a generation.  The local meeting on October 15, 1838 to make statements for Lord Durham's Report ended in a brawl.  In the end, the Tories gained control of the political and culture life of Richmond Hill and maintained it for many years.

Paragraph 12: Immediately following the Seven Days' fighting in early July 1862, Randol requested that a Court of Inquiry be convened at Harrison's Landing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the loss of his battery at Glendale, clearly desiring that the stigma and blame associated with the loss of his artillery pieces be expunged from his military record. He wrote to Meade (then recuperating from his Glendale wounds in Philadelphia), who provided a glowing letter of reference which absolved him from blame and instead placed the fault squarely upon his own Pennsylvania Reserves infantry regiments in support:You may rest assured that if I do make a report I shall do full justice to the coolness and good conduct exhibited by yourself and the Staff Officers and men under your command on that unfortunate day. I am aware, and shall so state, that everything was done that could be done by yourself and command to repel the enemy and save your battery. I am also aware, and shall so state, that the loss of your battery was due to the failure of the Infantry supports to maintain that firm and determined front which I should have expected from my men had not their morale been impaired by the fatigues incident to previous battles, constant marches, loss of rest and want of food, exhausting their physical energies to such a degree that they were not able to withstand the desperate and determined onslaught of overwhelming numbers causing them to give way sooner than under other circumstances I should have expected them to have done. (George Meade to Alanson Randol, July 12, 1862)The Court of Inquiry, composed of two infantry officers (Lieutenant Colonel Robert Christie Buchanan, 4th U.S. Infantry, and Major Joseph Hayes, 18th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment) and two artillery officers (Captain John Caldwell Tidball, Battery A, 2nd U.S. Artillery,  and Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, Battery A, 5th U.S. Artillery), met in late July and considered all testimony and evidence. Their conclusion was as follows:That the supports of the battery, composed of the 4th and 7th regiments Pennsylvania reserves, failed to support the battery, but having advanced in front of the battery suddenly broke and fell back upon the battery, without unmasking it, thereby preventing its fire until the enemy were nearly in the battery; That the infantry, whose duty was to support, shamefully ran and abandoned the battery, affording it no support; That so many of the horses were either killed or wounded as to render the moving of the guns from the field utterly impracticable. That Lieut. Randol, the officers and men of the battery used their utmost exertions to save the guns, not abandoning them until the supports had retreated and the enemy had seized the guns, and they therefore faithfully performed their whole duty. (Special Orders, No. 86 - July 22, 1862)

Paragraph 13: The  (42-45) is an alien construct that absorbs any lifeform in its grasp, for nourishment, into order to reproduce asexually, and able to assimilate the energy of its clone spawn when they die. It is feared across the universe, as Warp Monarch couldn't control the Bosqutio when it came to Earth, resulting in the birth of the Gransazers to counter it and the War that destroyed ancient human civilization along with the propaganda set up to link the Bosquito to Earth's people. Though nearly wiped out, the Bosquito was sealed away, within the Kabuto Mountain, until Luka revived it on Belzeus' order, with no idea who she was reviving, until it was too late. Being able to use any attack used by the Gransazers, the Bosquito overpowers the Flame Tribe and later attacks a village, feeding on the people there, before using the TV to find ideal locations to feed on next. After evading the Wind Tribe, the Bosquito reproduces a child before fighting the Gransazers and is killed by them. The surviving child began to feed when Makoto and Jin arrive and were attacked as Tauron arrives to support them before the Bosquito multiplies itself as the Flame Tribe arrive to counter the second Bosquito until Yuuhi blasts it. Absorbing its clone, the Bosquito takes the controls for Yuuhi and uses it against the Gransazers, stealing Garuda when the Flame Tribe summons it. Levithan and Gunceasar are summoned to weaken Garuda so eject the Bosquito, who starts to absorb the floral life energy to regain its strength and create two clones of itself. After the others destroy the clones, the orbs they left behind are reabsorbed into the original Bosquito as it evolves into a giant monster. After Tarius uses one of Lion's Crescents to take the ruby on its chest, the source of its power, the Bosquito is destroyed by DaiSazer.

Paragraph 14: The New York State Unified Court System is a unified state court system that functions under the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals who is the  Chief Judge of New York. The Chief Judge supervises the seven-judge Court of Appeals and is chair of the Administrative Board of the Courts. In addition, the Chief Judge establishes standards and administrative policies after consultation with the Administrative Board and approval by the Court of Appeals. The Chief Administrator (or Chief Administrative Judge if a judge) is appointed by the Chief Judge with the advice and consent of the Administrative Board and oversees the administration and operation of the court system, assisted by the Office of Court Administration. The eleven-member New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct receives complaints, investigates, and makes initial determinations regarding judicial conduct and may recommend admonition, censure, or removal from office to the Chief Judge and Court of Appeals. The Court of Appeals promulgates rules for admission to practice law in New York. (The New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division is responsible for actual admissions.) The New York State Reporter is the official reporter of decisions and is appointed by the Court of Appeals.

Paragraph 15: The Constitution of Medina, written shortly after hijra, addressed some points regarding the civil and religious situation for the Jewish communities living within the city from an Islamic perspective. For example, the constitution stated that the Jews "will profess their religion, and the Muslims theirs", and they "shall be responsible for their expenditure, and the Muslims for theirs". After the Battle of Badr, the Jewish tribe of Banu Qaynuqa breached treaties and agreements with Muhammad. Muhammad regarded this as casus belli and besieged the Banu Qaynuqa. Upon surrender the tribe was expelled. The following year saw the expulsion of the second tribe, the Banu Nadir, accused of planning to kill the prophet Muhammad. The third major Jewish tribe in Medina, Banu Qurayza was eliminated after  betraying the Muslims during the Battle of the Trench. However, there were many Jewish communities in Medina who continued to live in Medina peacefully after these events such as Banu Awf, Banu Harith, Banu Jusham Banu Alfageer, Banu Najjar, Banu Sa'ida, and Banu Shutayba.

Paragraph 16: The technique features very basic use of arms, usually keeping them in preparatoire position. Perpetual use of simple diagonal epaulements. Vocabulary for men is essentially varied forms of beats. Pirouettes are taken with a low développé into seconde, then from seconde, for outside turns, and with a low développé into 4th for inside turns. Also common are the dramatic use of fifth position bras en bas (preparatory position) for beginning and ending movements. The style has many recognizable poses such as pointe derriere one arm in 5th, the other a la taille (at the waist), with a touch of epaulement. F

Paragraph 17: Hastings was born in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, the eldest son of Francis Hastings, 2nd Earl of Huntingdon, and Catherine Pole in 1535 or 1536. Through his mother, he was descended from George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence, who was a brother of King Edward IV. This gave him some claim to the throne. Hastings was educated at first by private tutors at his family manor. A year or so senior to Edward VI, Hastings joined the young prince at his studies at the king's invitation. He was tutored under Richard Cox, John Cheke and Jean Belmain. They provided both youths with an education based on the principles of Humanism. In 1548 he spent a brief period at Queens' College, Cambridge, profoundly influenced by the evangelical Protestantism he encountered at court and at the university.

Paragraph 18: He moved to Nashville at age 16, staying in Ma Upchurch's boarding house, where he roomed with Bob Moore and Dale Potter. At age 18, he recorded his million-selling hit "Sugarfoot Rag". He appeared on the Jubilee program with Grady Martin's band and on The Eddy Arnold Show. Garland is perhaps best known for his Nashville studio work with Elvis Presley from 1958 to 1961 which produced such rock hits as: "I Need Your Love Tonight", "A Big Hunk o' Love", " I'm Coming Home", "I Got Stung", "A Fool Such As I", "Stuck on You", "Little Sister", "(Marie's The Name) His Latest Flame", and "I Feel So Bad". He worked with many country music and rock and roll musicians of the late 1950s and early 1960s, such as Patsy Cline, Brenda Lee, Mel Tillis, Marty Robbins, The Everly Brothers, Boots Randolph, Roy Orbison, Conway Twitty, and Moon Mullican.

Paragraph 19: The technique features very basic use of arms, usually keeping them in preparatoire position. Perpetual use of simple diagonal epaulements. Vocabulary for men is essentially varied forms of beats. Pirouettes are taken with a low développé into seconde, then from seconde, for outside turns, and with a low développé into 4th for inside turns. Also common are the dramatic use of fifth position bras en bas (preparatory position) for beginning and ending movements. The style has many recognizable poses such as pointe derriere one arm in 5th, the other a la taille (at the waist), with a touch of epaulement. F

Paragraph 20: Many of these early settlers were referred to as former inhabitants of Great Britain or Brittany, and the region continued to be referred to as Bretanha throughout the centuries (many from former Templar settlements). The name stuck, even as the number of English residents dwindled in proportion to the native Portuguese that settled the lands increased. A study on the linguistic influences of Bretanha, by Maria Clara Rolão Bernardo, reaffirmed this early conviction, while Lacerda Machado noted the greater influence of immigrant populations from Alto-Alentejo subregion in the rest of the island. Frutuoso continued to identify a small community of 82 homes (in a region that extended from Nossa Senhora dos Remédios, in the northeast, to Mosteiros, in the northwest) and whose residents cultivated wheat and collected woad for export. Frutuoso, in particular, identified local resident Braz Alvres, a descendant of one of the earlier settlers, who gave his name to one of the peaks in the area (Pico de João Alvres), and who continued to tend his lands in the grotto of João Bom. Similarly, Pico da Mafra (which is located between Bretanha and Mosteiros), was named for a settler who came from the area of Mafra on the continent. It was Baron Fernandes, another resident of the grotto of João Bom, who discovered an interesting agricultural technique in order to perpetuate consistent crop yields in this region. In 1550, he came upon the idea of planting pulse (Lupinus albus) around the edges of his wheat crops, which had the effect of fortifying the wheat. He did the same for his beans, and discovered the same effects. The practice of using the pulse soon disseminated throughout the island and archipelago. Then, when another settler, Lopo Pessoa, arrived on the island he went one step further; he began to alternate his crops annually, between pulse and wheat, to increase his yields.

Paragraph 21: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 22: Not all of the Sandiacre family's donations were at Sandiacre itself: they had considerable holdings at Kirk Hallam and other nearby locations. Around 1239 Richard of Sandiacre, Peter III's son, got into financial difficulties. In return for 30 acres in Kirk Hallam, at the excessively reasonable rent of 12 pence, payable annually on St Giles' day (1 September), the canons gave Richard 16 marks to pay his debt to David, a leading member of the Jewish community of Nottingham. The abbey took advantage of a similar situation facing Ralph of Hallam in 1260. He was forced to pledge land at Kirk Hallam to the abbey in return for 12 marks to repay a Jewish lender. However, this was not the first time Ralph had been forced into such an arrangement: although the ethnicity of the lender was not mentioned on the other occasions, Jews were the main source of credit for middling landowners in this period. H. G. Richardson provides numerous examples of religious houses acquiring land by paying debts to Jewish lenders, including that of Dale's mother house, Newsham. Richardson's study of the phenomenon was in response to a series of anti-semitic tropes rehearsed by Austin Lane Poole in his Oxford History of England volume covering the Angevin kings of England, in which he claimed, without citation or evidence, that "as usurers (the Jews) had gained a strangle-hold on the recently founded monastic houses whose splendid buildings they had financed." Richardson countered: "As for the relation of monastic houses to Jewish moneylenders, the sober facts of history show the monks as happy collaborators with them rather than as victims..." In fact, "religious houses were — to use modern phraseology — in the market for encumbered estates." Citing Richardson, Avrom Saltman suggests that Dale abbey its extend its holdings relatively cheaply by "buying up Christian debts and redeeming them probably for less than their face value." However, in modernising the language and concepts, this fails to capture Richardson's explanation, which starts from the consideration that the security provided by land was very poor as medieval conveyancing complex and cumbersome, and so very expensive and uncertain, giving the lender no easy path to transfer title in encumbered land to a potential purchaser. This was especially true for a Jew, as it was questionable whether he or she could have property in land, and so act as an intermediary in the process: there are a few instances of Jews holding lands in fee but it was inconvenient, possibly dangerous, for a lender to do so. The involvement of a cash-rich abbey could greatly improve the position for both lender and borrower, providing much greater security and bringing down the claim by perhaps 40%, as it did in some pursued by Aaron of Lincoln. The deal could only be watertight if the monastery had a written agreement from the debtor to hand over his land and had secured effective possession or seisin in advance. The Kirk Hallam charters provide Dale with this. It was no accident when a monastery acquired several encumbered estates in the same area by buying out the claims of Jewish lenders: monasteries actively pursued a policy of expanding their holdings by this method. This seems to be the case with Dale Abbey at Kirk Hallam, where lender, borrower and abbey all benefited from the arrangement. The original landholders were free of their debts, but would now pay rent to the abbey for the land they were still able to cultivate or exploit in other ways.

Paragraph 23: On August 8, 2009, at "Red River Rumble" in Selkirk, Manitoba, Cruz beat TRCW Championship "Really Crazy" Rob Stardom in a non-title match.  After Cruz's non-title victory, this started a feud with Stardom as he hit Cruz with the TRCW Championship at "Mountain Mania" on September 19 which Marius to pick up the win.  Stardom and Cruz faced off against either in a match at "Hurt So Good 2009" which took place on November 21.   Stardom was able to pick up the victory after Cruz was disqualified.  At "Christmas Castrophe 2009" which held on December 29, Cruz and Stardom faced each other again in a No Disqualification match.   Stardom once again picked up the victory after a masked man interfered in the match.  At "Don't Back Down 2010" which took place on January 10, 2010, another match between Cruz and Stardom ended in a no contest due to inference from Marius, Drezden, Gibby Guerrero and Chip "The Kid" Fletcher.   This led to a six man tag team match later in the show. Chip "the Kid" Fletcher, Chi Chi Cruz, and Gibby Guerrero defeated Rob Stardom, Drezden, and Marius.   Six days later at "Fight Night 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a "Christmas Catastrophe" rematch.  They continued their feud by having a dog collar match at "Raising the Stakes 2010" on February 20.   The match went to a no contest after Marius interfered in the match multiple times.   Cruz than challenged Stardom and Marius to a tag team match at the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show" on April 17 in which he announced his partner would be Raven.   On February 27 at "This One's Gonna Hurt", Stardom defeated Cruz.   Later in the evening Matt Fairlane defeated Marius via disqualification due to Stardom interfering in the match.   This led to a six-man tag team match in the main event.   The team of Lucky O'Shea, Matt Fairlane, and Chi Chi Cruz defeated the team of Marius, Rob Stardom, and DOOM.  At "Pump Up the Volume 2010" on March 19, Cruz defeated Stardom in the main event.   The next day on March 20 at "Winnipeg Warfare 2010", the match between Cruz and Stardom went to a no content after interference by Marius, Matt Fairlane, and the rest of the SPW roster which led into battle royal.  Matt Fairlane won the Main Event Battle Royal to earn a shot at the Cutting Edge Wrestling Intercities Championship.  After winning the SPW Heavyweight Championship on March 27, Marius used his rematch clause to gain another opportunity at the title.  The match would take place on April 3 at "War on the Shore" in Gimli, Manitoba.   Due to Stardom's interference, Marius was able to beat Cruz become the first multiple time SPW Heavyweight Champion.  Gibby Guerrero and Cruz challenge Stardom and Marius to a match later in the evening.  Guerrero and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show", declared the main event tag team match was to be contested under Raven's Rules.  Raven and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At "Mayhem in Morden" on May 14, Jethro Hawg, Chi Chi Cruz, and Johnny Falcon beat Rob Stardom, Marius, and Jay Beaver in the main event.  Their feud still wasn't over yet.  In a match between Chip "The Kid" Fletcher and Rob Stardom at "Anarchy in Arborg", the match went to a no contest. This led to a tag team match in the main event which Cruz and Fletcher defeat Stardom and Marius.  Their feud finally came to end.  At "Hurt So Good 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a blood filled "I Quit" match.

Paragraph 24: But Lang did not long remain an official. He was of a restless, changeable character, which constantly involved him in personal quarrels, though he was equally quick to retire from them. In 1788 he obtained a position as private tutor in Hungary in family of Johann Calisius from Calish and Johanna Prónay in Bitsitz (today Bytčica, Slovakia), and in 1789 became private secretary to Baron von Buhler, the envoy of Württemberg at Vienna. This led to further travels and to his entering the service of the House of Oettingen-Wallerstein. In 1792 Lang again betook himself to a university, this time to Göttingen. Here he came under the influence of the historian, Ludwig Timotheus Spittler, from whom, as also from Johannes von Muller and Friedrich Schlegel, his historical studies received a fresh impulse.

Paragraph 25: Building on the successes of the Jive label, Zomba began expanding its reach by purchasing and creating new labels, and by creating new divisions that helped expose more people to Zomba artists and services. In 1988, Andrew Lauder formed the UK-based Silvertone Records under the Zomba Group. While Jive focused on hip hop, Silvertone focused on more rock-oriented music. The label's roster was initially bolstered by The Stone Roses, but quickly expanded to include blues, acoustic, and roots music. Other artists featured early on Silvertone include John Lee Hooker, J.J. Cale and The Men They Couldn't Hang. This period also saw one of the few times that Zomba attempted cracking the classical music market. In 1992, Zomba purchased UK classical music group Conifer Classics with the aide of the group's head Alison Wenham. Though the deal appeared to be solid, Zomba sold the company to BMG in 1995. Classical music activities have remained minimal within the company since then. Building on existing publishing deals, Zomba briefly co-owned the UK label Sanctuary Records. While the co-ownership only lasted between 1989 and 1991, the two companies continued working together in other avenues, including a publishing deal with Sanctuary artists Iron Maiden. In 1998, Zomba purchased a 50% stake in the troubled label Volcano Entertainment (then called Freeworld). The label had been under financial pressure due to various reasons, including a lawsuit from flagship artist Tool. Though the purchase was initially shared with management firm Q-Prime, Q-Prime promptly sold their half to Zomba, making Volcano a wholly owned Zomba subsidiary. Zomba's first action was to settle the lawsuit with Tool, who would go on to become another Zomba success throughout the 2000s, representing the broad stylistic reach of artists under the Zomba Group umbrella. In December 2000, Volcano Entertainment purchased Capricorn Records from Phil Walden, an independent record label launched by Walden, his brother Alan Walden and Frank Fenter in 1969. With the acquisition, the Zomba subsidiary gained a large catalog of music as well as active bands 311, Goldfinger, Reel Big Fish, 2 Skinnee J's and the jam bands Galactic and Widespread Panic.

Paragraph 26: But Lang did not long remain an official. He was of a restless, changeable character, which constantly involved him in personal quarrels, though he was equally quick to retire from them. In 1788 he obtained a position as private tutor in Hungary in family of Johann Calisius from Calish and Johanna Prónay in Bitsitz (today Bytčica, Slovakia), and in 1789 became private secretary to Baron von Buhler, the envoy of Württemberg at Vienna. This led to further travels and to his entering the service of the House of Oettingen-Wallerstein. In 1792 Lang again betook himself to a university, this time to Göttingen. Here he came under the influence of the historian, Ludwig Timotheus Spittler, from whom, as also from Johannes von Muller and Friedrich Schlegel, his historical studies received a fresh impulse.

Paragraph 27: On November 17, the Los Angeles Times reported that Russell's body may be exhumed depending on the report of a ballistic expert who was trying to determine if the .32 caliber revolver found in his hand had been fired recently. The following day, it was reported that the exhumation would go ahead (as it could not be determined if the rusty gun had been fired recently). During this time, investigators began to doubt the suicide hypothesis, but still were not considering murder; rather, they questioned whether his death had occurred somewhere other than the outside hammock. Also on the 18th, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that Russell's mother Victoria claimed that four days before Russell's body was found, a woman had telephoned repeatedly asking for Russell and demanding to know where he was. Investigators were beginning to consider a "love slaying" theory. However, on November 19, his ex-wife told the Los Angeles Times that she believed Russell had killed himself. An entirely new theory was also introduced that day by The Examiner, which ran a story headed "Racketeering Ring Linked to Russell Case." The source for the information was Detective Lieutenant Harry Leslie Hansen of the Georgia Street Division, who was an old friend of Russell. The Los Angeles Times on the 20th reported that Hansen had told the District Attorney's office that Russell had said he was going to quit his automobile salesman's job to smuggle arms and ammunition to a foreign country (and that Russell had told Hansen this when the two had gone on a weekend party five days before his death). The same paper reported that a county autopsy on Russell's corpse confirmed the first autopsy's findings: the wound on Russell's temple was powder-marked and seared, indicating a self-inflicted wound and that the wound was too small to have been made by either .45 or .38 caliber weapons and too big for a .22, thus indicating that the .32 found in Russell's hand was indeed the cause of death.

Paragraph 28: Hastings was born in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, the eldest son of Francis Hastings, 2nd Earl of Huntingdon, and Catherine Pole in 1535 or 1536. Through his mother, he was descended from George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence, who was a brother of King Edward IV. This gave him some claim to the throne. Hastings was educated at first by private tutors at his family manor. A year or so senior to Edward VI, Hastings joined the young prince at his studies at the king's invitation. He was tutored under Richard Cox, John Cheke and Jean Belmain. They provided both youths with an education based on the principles of Humanism. In 1548 he spent a brief period at Queens' College, Cambridge, profoundly influenced by the evangelical Protestantism he encountered at court and at the university.

Paragraph 29: Immediately following the Seven Days' fighting in early July 1862, Randol requested that a Court of Inquiry be convened at Harrison's Landing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the loss of his battery at Glendale, clearly desiring that the stigma and blame associated with the loss of his artillery pieces be expunged from his military record. He wrote to Meade (then recuperating from his Glendale wounds in Philadelphia), who provided a glowing letter of reference which absolved him from blame and instead placed the fault squarely upon his own Pennsylvania Reserves infantry regiments in support:You may rest assured that if I do make a report I shall do full justice to the coolness and good conduct exhibited by yourself and the Staff Officers and men under your command on that unfortunate day. I am aware, and shall so state, that everything was done that could be done by yourself and command to repel the enemy and save your battery. I am also aware, and shall so state, that the loss of your battery was due to the failure of the Infantry supports to maintain that firm and determined front which I should have expected from my men had not their morale been impaired by the fatigues incident to previous battles, constant marches, loss of rest and want of food, exhausting their physical energies to such a degree that they were not able to withstand the desperate and determined onslaught of overwhelming numbers causing them to give way sooner than under other circumstances I should have expected them to have done. (George Meade to Alanson Randol, July 12, 1862)The Court of Inquiry, composed of two infantry officers (Lieutenant Colonel Robert Christie Buchanan, 4th U.S. Infantry, and Major Joseph Hayes, 18th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment) and two artillery officers (Captain John Caldwell Tidball, Battery A, 2nd U.S. Artillery,  and Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, Battery A, 5th U.S. Artillery), met in late July and considered all testimony and evidence. Their conclusion was as follows:That the supports of the battery, composed of the 4th and 7th regiments Pennsylvania reserves, failed to support the battery, but having advanced in front of the battery suddenly broke and fell back upon the battery, without unmasking it, thereby preventing its fire until the enemy were nearly in the battery; That the infantry, whose duty was to support, shamefully ran and abandoned the battery, affording it no support; That so many of the horses were either killed or wounded as to render the moving of the guns from the field utterly impracticable. That Lieut. Randol, the officers and men of the battery used their utmost exertions to save the guns, not abandoning them until the supports had retreated and the enemy had seized the guns, and they therefore faithfully performed their whole duty. (Special Orders, No. 86 - July 22, 1862)

Paragraph 30: The cover art was by Mark Wilkinson, who had illustrated all Marillion albums and singles while Fish was their singer and went on to design almost all Fish solo covers. The front cover features a close-up from a larger, very detailed painting/collage inside the gatefold LP cover and the CD booklet. The painting contains many references to the lyrics, political allusions as well as "hidden" messages only understandable to fans (such as the faces of Marillion's keyboardist Mark Kelly and manager John Arnison). The central element is a "hill" consisting of junk consumer goods in a post-apocalyptic landscape, on top of which a couple clad in pseudo-oriental clothes stare into the distance, holding an hourglass. The man's cape, flapping in the wind, resembles the east of Scotland, with the Southern Uplands (Fish's home region) lit by light beams apparently emitted by the hourglass – a reference to Fish's interest in Scottish culture. Only the couple and the top of the hill are on the front cover. The TV sets and the Amiga 500 computer set the couple is standing on show pictures of Fish's face; on the larger version inside, these are replaced with faces from Ingres's painting The Golden Age.

Paragraph 31: Carl Theodor Körner (23 September 1791 – 26 August 1813) was a German poet and soldier. After some time in Vienna, where he wrote some light comedies and other works for the Burgtheater, he became a soldier and joined the Lützow Free Corps in the German uprising against Napoleon. During these times, he displayed personal courage in many fights, and encouraged his comrades by fiery patriotic lyrics he composed, among these being the "Schwertlied" (Sword Song), composed during a lull in fighting only a few hours before his death, and "Lützows wilde Jagd" (Lützow's Wild Chase, or Hunt), each set to music by both Carl Maria von Weber and Franz Schubert. He was often called the "German Tyrtaeus."

Paragraph 32: Initially, Roy experienced resistance in finding acceptance in the village. Her attempts at bringing new ideas about childbearing and schooling were dismissed by the women there. Though the attitude was welcomed by her as she was no longer being treated as an authority but rather as an equal. According to her, it is essential for deprived people to be the agents of their own change and that her job was to serve as a catalyst rather than a leader. In addition, there was hostility from the more prosperous section of villagers, due to her affinity towards the weavers and leather workers, who belonged to dalit castes. Eventually, an old woman named Dhani Bhua helped her in getting adjusted with village life. Once her presence as was accepted, she came to frequently socialise with the women there and became sought after for advise on issues such as the use of birth control. Roy herself developed a personal preference for an ascetic lifestyle reinforced by a belief in the Gandhian ideal that one must change oneself to bring change. During her time in Tilonia, she experienced a change in perspective. Roy started regarding facets such as illiteracy and lack of education as a skill disadvantage rather than that of ability or intelligence, and recognised that they had a deep knowledge in their field of occupation that others did not possess including those which are considered unskilled labour. Roy describes Tilonia to have been her real alma mater and the villagers to be better teachers than those in Delhi and at the IAS. According to her, the IAS training was inadequate for understanding the complexities of socioeconomic change that were occurring in the rural areas, and that the villages represented neither the romantic notions of a rural life nor the simplistic view of a sexist caste-ridden conservative society, both common stereotypes among the urban well-to-do population.

Paragraph 33: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 34: Hastings was born in Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, the eldest son of Francis Hastings, 2nd Earl of Huntingdon, and Catherine Pole in 1535 or 1536. Through his mother, he was descended from George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence, who was a brother of King Edward IV. This gave him some claim to the throne. Hastings was educated at first by private tutors at his family manor. A year or so senior to Edward VI, Hastings joined the young prince at his studies at the king's invitation. He was tutored under Richard Cox, John Cheke and Jean Belmain. They provided both youths with an education based on the principles of Humanism. In 1548 he spent a brief period at Queens' College, Cambridge, profoundly influenced by the evangelical Protestantism he encountered at court and at the university.

Paragraph 35: Peter's ex-girlfriend, Vicky (Claudia Lau), returns to Hong Kong who is upset when she finds out he is dating Carrie. Although Vicky still has feelings for Peter, she pretends to be generous. After Vicky's mother died, her longtime pen pal Uncle Chan introduces her to Hong Kong to work at Chu's Corporation. Its boss, Chu Chak-sing (Wong San) seems to have special feelings for Vicky. One day, her colleague, Leung Kin-hoi (Tam Yat-ching) asks her to visit Chak-sing at the hospital, where Chak-sing reveals himself to be Vicky's father and asks for her forgiveness. Chak-sing also tells her he is the Uncle Chan that have been writing to her. Chak-sing's three children, Yiu-chung (Mak Ka-lun), Yiu-cho (Au Siu-wai) and Yee-ting (Lam Pui-kwan), and their mother, Ting Yung (Mannor Chan), views Vicky as their enemy. When Chak-sing dies, he gives a majority of the stocks of Chu's Corporation to Vicky and Kin-hoi assists her in managing the company. Chak-sing's three children hires assassins to kill Vicky. Vicky was shot multiple times and fell into a forest. However, a few days later, Vicky returns to work at Chu's Corporation as if nothing happened, much to the surprise of the three. Later, Vicky sees the assassin (Siu Cheuk-yiu) and follows him, knows her siblings plan to kill her. Vicky then kills Yiu-cho and Yee-ting. Later, Pauline becomes pregnant and Cheuk-nam wants to get married with her, although she is hesitant. Vicky gradually grows pale despite feeling absolutely no pain. Cheuk-nam is assigned to provide close protection for Yiu-chung. However, when Yiu-chung was fooling with his mistress Lily, Vicky takes the chance and attempts to kill him, where Yiu-chung flees to the rooftop. Cheuk-nam gives chase but was knocked unconscious and Vicky pushes Yiu-chung off the building. Cheuk-nam suffers from brain hemorrhage and goes into a coma. At this time, Vicky professes her love to Peter, who rejects her, and she starts to have twisted thoughts of bringing Peter away. While Vicky was working at night, Yung appears and attempts to kill her. They fight but Vicky manages to escape and Yung reveals herself to be the killer of Chak-sing. The police later finds a carrion with a picture of Peter in it. When Cheuk-nam wakes from his coma, he reveals Vicky as the murderer of Yiu-chung, Yiu-cho and Yee-ting. Later, an assassin chases Peter and Vicky and the latter was stabbed multiple times during the process. However, she does not feel any pain and manages to call the police. Carrie sympathizes Vicky's encounter of strange events and lets Vicky to be with Peter. When Peter and Vicky were taking their wedding photo, however, Vicky is not visible in the photo.

Paragraph 36: Carl Theodor Körner (23 September 1791 – 26 August 1813) was a German poet and soldier. After some time in Vienna, where he wrote some light comedies and other works for the Burgtheater, he became a soldier and joined the Lützow Free Corps in the German uprising against Napoleon. During these times, he displayed personal courage in many fights, and encouraged his comrades by fiery patriotic lyrics he composed, among these being the "Schwertlied" (Sword Song), composed during a lull in fighting only a few hours before his death, and "Lützows wilde Jagd" (Lützow's Wild Chase, or Hunt), each set to music by both Carl Maria von Weber and Franz Schubert. He was often called the "German Tyrtaeus."

Paragraph 37: The very old linking roads to neighbouring villages are mostly still preserved and usable. The economically important forest paths used for logging and hiking are maintained and in good condition, whereas others are being reclaimed by the wilderness and are disappearing. Farm lanes, too, are only passable if the fields that they reach are still being used. During the Flurbereinigung undertaken in the late 1950s, which saw various parcels of land consolidated, many fieldpaths were swept away. As of 1990, the municipality of Waldmohr had all together 563.9 ha of wooded land, of which 365 ha was state-owned, 159.3 ha was municipally owned and 39.6 ha was privately owned. As of 1983, Waldmohr had an area of 1 307 ha, of which 363 ha, or 27.2%, was under agricultural use. According to the municipal plan, 18.5 ha is given over to existing bodies of water. Various rural cadastral names point to historical ownership, location, particular soil conditions or former bodies of water. A few examples include: Kirchelborn or Kirckelborn, Spickelberg, Warbach, Bolsten, Häupel, Heiligenwald, etc. In 1901, the forestry office building came into service. The region over which it holds sway is today one of the biggest in the Palatinate. In 1257, the Mohrmühle, one of the oldest mills in the region, had its first documentary mention. The old mill, where from sometime before 1610 until 1645 in the Thirty Years' War direct ancestors of former President of Germany Richard von Weizsäcker lived, is now a destination for outings with a restaurant. In the 1960s, another old mill, the Waldmohrer Mühle, built in 1715, was falling into ever greater disrepair and ended up being torn down. Only a couple of rural cadastral names (in den Mühlwiesen, auf dem Mühlfeld) now recall the actual mill. It was both a gristmill and a sawmill in its time. Three outlying farmsteads (Aussiedlerhöfe) are still worked nowadays. These are Oehlbühlerhof (founded in 1958; area 0.9 ha), Bolsterhof (founded in 1958; area 0.9 ha) and Erlenhof (founded in 1965; area 0.8 ha). The Oehlbühlerhof is tended by the owner of the Erlenhof.

Paragraph 38: Carl Theodor Körner (23 September 1791 – 26 August 1813) was a German poet and soldier. After some time in Vienna, where he wrote some light comedies and other works for the Burgtheater, he became a soldier and joined the Lützow Free Corps in the German uprising against Napoleon. During these times, he displayed personal courage in many fights, and encouraged his comrades by fiery patriotic lyrics he composed, among these being the "Schwertlied" (Sword Song), composed during a lull in fighting only a few hours before his death, and "Lützows wilde Jagd" (Lützow's Wild Chase, or Hunt), each set to music by both Carl Maria von Weber and Franz Schubert. He was often called the "German Tyrtaeus."

Paragraph 39: Louisiana-Lafayette stopped Tulane's offensive momentum early in the quarter, forcing a punt. On ULL's ensuing drive, they were faced with a third down a six, and threw an incomplete pass, however a pass interference call gave them a first down, which energized the Ragin' Cajuns temporarily, but they ultimately punted, pinning Tulane inside the five yard line, from which, while under pressure, Powell threw the ball up in the air, and it was intercepted, setting ULL up with excellent field position, particularly when they went half the distance to the goal after a dead ball personal foul penalty on Tulane. ULL had an opportunity to score a touchdown, however after Broadway slipped during a run while in the open field on third down, ultimately going down due to cramps, and forcing Hunter Stover, a linebacker turned place kicker, attempted his first-ever college field goal, a 27-yard kick that he made, stopping Tulane's streak of 21 unanswered points. Tulane subsequently took the field and converted a first down, and failed to convert a third down at the 40-yard line, after which they decided to punt rather than test Santos's field goal range. Jalen Nixon took the field at quarterback on ULL's drive after Broadway went to the locker room for fluids. On back-to-back runs, Harris rushed for a first down, and then Nixon rushed for a first down, giving the Ragin' Cajuns momentum prior to beginning to try to work the clock. Faced with a third and ten and under duress, Nixon found an open receiver to convert the third down. Later in the drive, Strozier went down due to cramps, exiting the game. With 1:42, ULL  was forced to punt after Scofield made an open field tackle to keep ULL out of field goal range, after which coach Curtis Johnson called timeout. Tulane got the ball at the five-yard line with 1:35 and one timeout to try to start a drive to tie or win the game, however after Powell threw two incomplete passes at the ground, they were faced with a third and long; Powell escaped pressure in the end zone, and ultimately threw the ball up in the air and Shackleford reeled it in for a first down out to around the 40-yard line. Two plays later, Powell threw a 27-yard pass to Grant, putting Tulane in Santos's field goal range. With 24 seconds and a timeout, Tulane had the ball at the 25-yard line, but Powell took a sack at the 31-yard line, forcing Tulane to burn their final timeout with 13 seconds left. Santos subsequently came out to try a 48-yard field goal, but ULL tried to ice him by calling a timeout; after the timeout, Santos missed the field goal wide, winning the game for ULL.

Paragraph 40: On August 8, 2009, at "Red River Rumble" in Selkirk, Manitoba, Cruz beat TRCW Championship "Really Crazy" Rob Stardom in a non-title match.  After Cruz's non-title victory, this started a feud with Stardom as he hit Cruz with the TRCW Championship at "Mountain Mania" on September 19 which Marius to pick up the win.  Stardom and Cruz faced off against either in a match at "Hurt So Good 2009" which took place on November 21.   Stardom was able to pick up the victory after Cruz was disqualified.  At "Christmas Castrophe 2009" which held on December 29, Cruz and Stardom faced each other again in a No Disqualification match.   Stardom once again picked up the victory after a masked man interfered in the match.  At "Don't Back Down 2010" which took place on January 10, 2010, another match between Cruz and Stardom ended in a no contest due to inference from Marius, Drezden, Gibby Guerrero and Chip "The Kid" Fletcher.   This led to a six man tag team match later in the show. Chip "the Kid" Fletcher, Chi Chi Cruz, and Gibby Guerrero defeated Rob Stardom, Drezden, and Marius.   Six days later at "Fight Night 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a "Christmas Catastrophe" rematch.  They continued their feud by having a dog collar match at "Raising the Stakes 2010" on February 20.   The match went to a no contest after Marius interfered in the match multiple times.   Cruz than challenged Stardom and Marius to a tag team match at the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show" on April 17 in which he announced his partner would be Raven.   On February 27 at "This One's Gonna Hurt", Stardom defeated Cruz.   Later in the evening Matt Fairlane defeated Marius via disqualification due to Stardom interfering in the match.   This led to a six-man tag team match in the main event.   The team of Lucky O'Shea, Matt Fairlane, and Chi Chi Cruz defeated the team of Marius, Rob Stardom, and DOOM.  At "Pump Up the Volume 2010" on March 19, Cruz defeated Stardom in the main event.   The next day on March 20 at "Winnipeg Warfare 2010", the match between Cruz and Stardom went to a no content after interference by Marius, Matt Fairlane, and the rest of the SPW roster which led into battle royal.  Matt Fairlane won the Main Event Battle Royal to earn a shot at the Cutting Edge Wrestling Intercities Championship.  After winning the SPW Heavyweight Championship on March 27, Marius used his rematch clause to gain another opportunity at the title.  The match would take place on April 3 at "War on the Shore" in Gimli, Manitoba.   Due to Stardom's interference, Marius was able to beat Cruz become the first multiple time SPW Heavyweight Champion.  Gibby Guerrero and Cruz challenge Stardom and Marius to a match later in the evening.  Guerrero and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show", declared the main event tag team match was to be contested under Raven's Rules.  Raven and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At "Mayhem in Morden" on May 14, Jethro Hawg, Chi Chi Cruz, and Johnny Falcon beat Rob Stardom, Marius, and Jay Beaver in the main event.  Their feud still wasn't over yet.  In a match between Chip "The Kid" Fletcher and Rob Stardom at "Anarchy in Arborg", the match went to a no contest. This led to a tag team match in the main event which Cruz and Fletcher defeat Stardom and Marius.  Their feud finally came to end.  At "Hurt So Good 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a blood filled "I Quit" match.

Paragraph 41: The cover art was by Mark Wilkinson, who had illustrated all Marillion albums and singles while Fish was their singer and went on to design almost all Fish solo covers. The front cover features a close-up from a larger, very detailed painting/collage inside the gatefold LP cover and the CD booklet. The painting contains many references to the lyrics, political allusions as well as "hidden" messages only understandable to fans (such as the faces of Marillion's keyboardist Mark Kelly and manager John Arnison). The central element is a "hill" consisting of junk consumer goods in a post-apocalyptic landscape, on top of which a couple clad in pseudo-oriental clothes stare into the distance, holding an hourglass. The man's cape, flapping in the wind, resembles the east of Scotland, with the Southern Uplands (Fish's home region) lit by light beams apparently emitted by the hourglass – a reference to Fish's interest in Scottish culture. Only the couple and the top of the hill are on the front cover. The TV sets and the Amiga 500 computer set the couple is standing on show pictures of Fish's face; on the larger version inside, these are replaced with faces from Ingres's painting The Golden Age.

Paragraph 42: The political climate of the 1820s and 1830s divided the residents of Richmond Hill into two groups: the Reformers and the Tories.  Many of the newer immigrants came from well off British families that got along well with the elite society of Upper Canada.  These settlers were Tories, allied with the establishment, usually members of the Church of England.  The Reformers tended to be long-settled people of lower classes, often United Empire Loyalists or American immigrants.  The 1828 election to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada elected two Reformers from the York riding, which included Richmond Hill.  The two elected were William Lyon Mackenzie and Jesse Ketchum.  Subsequent elections in 1830, 1834 and 1836 for the Legislative Assembly returned mostly Reform candidates.  The crops of 1836 and 1837 did not do well, and Upper Canada was experiencing economic recession.  Farming suffered under the banks' reducing the credit available and calling in outstanding loans.  Farmers in Richmond Hill and the other outlying areas around Toronto became increasing sympathetic to talk of revolt.  William Lyon Mackenzie issued a letter on 1 December 1837 calling the citizens of Upper Canada to revolt while the militia was in Lower Canada suppressing revolt there.  On December 4, 1837 those swayed to his cause, and began moving south from the settlement in the north towards Toronto, where they planned to seize a weapon cache.  They came through Richmond Hill in the afternoon, and caught the attention of Captain Hugh Stewart who was in a tavern just north of Richmond Hill.  Loyalist residents of Richmond Hill began to assemble on the farm of "Colonel Moodie", a proud supporter of the Empire whose house made a natural gathering place for loyalists.  Richmond Hill resident William Crew set out for Toronto to warn the government there of the oncoming rebels.  When word reached Colonel Moodie that Crew had been detained by the rebels, Moodie set out with fellow Richmond Hill residents David Bridgeford and Hugh Stewart to head to Toronto and give warning.  They encountered a road blockade by the rebels at Montgomery's Tavern.  They charged the blockage and Moodie was shot.  The company of men less Bridgeford were taken prisoner, and Moodie died later that night, the first casualty of the Upper Canada Rebellion.  Bridgeford met up with John Powell and headed to Toronto, where he was able to warn lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada Francis Bond Head of the impending rebellion.  Riding north afterwards to secure further volunteers, Bridgeford was captured by the rebels.  On December 5, 1837 Mackenzie and some five hundred poorly equipped rebels marched south but were quickly rebuffed by sheriff William Jarvis and some twenty other men.  They regrouped at Montgomery's Tavern, where the last battle of the rebellion was fought on December 7.  The rebels were routed and Bridgeford and the other loyalist prisoners were freed.  The rebellion left a simmering feud in Richmond Hill between Tories and Reformers that lasted a generation.  The local meeting on October 15, 1838 to make statements for Lord Durham's Report ended in a brawl.  In the end, the Tories gained control of the political and culture life of Richmond Hill and maintained it for many years.

Paragraph 43: He moved to Nashville at age 16, staying in Ma Upchurch's boarding house, where he roomed with Bob Moore and Dale Potter. At age 18, he recorded his million-selling hit "Sugarfoot Rag". He appeared on the Jubilee program with Grady Martin's band and on The Eddy Arnold Show. Garland is perhaps best known for his Nashville studio work with Elvis Presley from 1958 to 1961 which produced such rock hits as: "I Need Your Love Tonight", "A Big Hunk o' Love", " I'm Coming Home", "I Got Stung", "A Fool Such As I", "Stuck on You", "Little Sister", "(Marie's The Name) His Latest Flame", and "I Feel So Bad". He worked with many country music and rock and roll musicians of the late 1950s and early 1960s, such as Patsy Cline, Brenda Lee, Mel Tillis, Marty Robbins, The Everly Brothers, Boots Randolph, Roy Orbison, Conway Twitty, and Moon Mullican.

Paragraph 44: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 45: He moved to Nashville at age 16, staying in Ma Upchurch's boarding house, where he roomed with Bob Moore and Dale Potter. At age 18, he recorded his million-selling hit "Sugarfoot Rag". He appeared on the Jubilee program with Grady Martin's band and on The Eddy Arnold Show. Garland is perhaps best known for his Nashville studio work with Elvis Presley from 1958 to 1961 which produced such rock hits as: "I Need Your Love Tonight", "A Big Hunk o' Love", " I'm Coming Home", "I Got Stung", "A Fool Such As I", "Stuck on You", "Little Sister", "(Marie's The Name) His Latest Flame", and "I Feel So Bad". He worked with many country music and rock and roll musicians of the late 1950s and early 1960s, such as Patsy Cline, Brenda Lee, Mel Tillis, Marty Robbins, The Everly Brothers, Boots Randolph, Roy Orbison, Conway Twitty, and Moon Mullican.

Paragraph 46: Shreya and Malavika are two sisters who were separated during childhood after their mother Nandini was killed. Malu was kidnapped by a man who raised her because he and his wife has no children. Malu was grown up by the name Thumbi. After they grew up, Shreya became a police officer and Malu became a Lady Robinhood (who rob from counterfeiters and give it to Poor) who was searching by Shreya. Thumbi has a lover who is the person who knows she is a robber. He is a doctor, Arun. He is an orphan who lived in Thumbi's village. Thumbi is the sponsor of Arun. Arun's inmate realized Thumbi is a lady robinhood who is searching by police. Avinash who loved Shreya proposed to her and she refused it by saying that she will get married only if she gets back her younger sister Malu. Shreya try to trap lady Robinhood with help of Avinash. Avinash and Sahadevan (Shreya's father) trap Thumbi and threaten her and ask her to act as Malu. Yielded to threat, Thumbi acts as Malu. Avinash's family and Shreya's family decided their marriage. On the engagement day, Malu and Pavithra (Avinash's ex -girlfriend) planned to destroy the engagement. Thumbi's father Sukumaran Thampi become hospitalized due to cardiac arrest by hearing his own sister planning to kill Malu for getting a property. This time Thumbi realize she is the real Malu and started loving her relatives truly. At the time Shreya continued searching for lady robinhood. She knows Arun has a role in this robbery. So that she questioned Arun this time roommate of Arun revealed that Malu or Thumbi is the lady Robinhood. Shreya made this disclosure in high secret as her superior officer Easwar Raj who is a counterfeiter will kill Malu after knowing she is the robber. Because she has robbed his counterfeit money. When she is arrested and presented in court if she reveals his counterfeit money Easwar Raj also become jailed. But spies of Easwar in her station report to Easwar. Meanwhile, Easwar self took the charge of lady Robinhood case investigation. He arranged a team of police to the house where Shreya and Malu lived. In this team, an officer who is loyal to Shreya informs her of the thing. Malu doesn't know that Shreya realized she is the robber and arrest against she is moving on. Shreya is trying to save Malu. Unfortunately, Easwar Raj arrived there and started to arrest Malu on the case which Shreya made to trap lady Robinhood. This time Shreya's friend Ann Mary who is a reporter working on a News channel arrived and shooted Easwar arresting her camera and shot them on the way for Malu's protection. Reaching the police station Malu apologizes to Shreya and Shreya accepted it. Shreya asked Avinash to withdraw the case against Malu. Avinash used the chance. He said it isn't possible. Because she planned to destroy their engagement. He asked Shreya to give a promise for their marriage. She gave it and rescued Malu.

Paragraph 47: On August 8, 2009, at "Red River Rumble" in Selkirk, Manitoba, Cruz beat TRCW Championship "Really Crazy" Rob Stardom in a non-title match.  After Cruz's non-title victory, this started a feud with Stardom as he hit Cruz with the TRCW Championship at "Mountain Mania" on September 19 which Marius to pick up the win.  Stardom and Cruz faced off against either in a match at "Hurt So Good 2009" which took place on November 21.   Stardom was able to pick up the victory after Cruz was disqualified.  At "Christmas Castrophe 2009" which held on December 29, Cruz and Stardom faced each other again in a No Disqualification match.   Stardom once again picked up the victory after a masked man interfered in the match.  At "Don't Back Down 2010" which took place on January 10, 2010, another match between Cruz and Stardom ended in a no contest due to inference from Marius, Drezden, Gibby Guerrero and Chip "The Kid" Fletcher.   This led to a six man tag team match later in the show. Chip "the Kid" Fletcher, Chi Chi Cruz, and Gibby Guerrero defeated Rob Stardom, Drezden, and Marius.   Six days later at "Fight Night 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a "Christmas Catastrophe" rematch.  They continued their feud by having a dog collar match at "Raising the Stakes 2010" on February 20.   The match went to a no contest after Marius interfered in the match multiple times.   Cruz than challenged Stardom and Marius to a tag team match at the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show" on April 17 in which he announced his partner would be Raven.   On February 27 at "This One's Gonna Hurt", Stardom defeated Cruz.   Later in the evening Matt Fairlane defeated Marius via disqualification due to Stardom interfering in the match.   This led to a six-man tag team match in the main event.   The team of Lucky O'Shea, Matt Fairlane, and Chi Chi Cruz defeated the team of Marius, Rob Stardom, and DOOM.  At "Pump Up the Volume 2010" on March 19, Cruz defeated Stardom in the main event.   The next day on March 20 at "Winnipeg Warfare 2010", the match between Cruz and Stardom went to a no content after interference by Marius, Matt Fairlane, and the rest of the SPW roster which led into battle royal.  Matt Fairlane won the Main Event Battle Royal to earn a shot at the Cutting Edge Wrestling Intercities Championship.  After winning the SPW Heavyweight Championship on March 27, Marius used his rematch clause to gain another opportunity at the title.  The match would take place on April 3 at "War on the Shore" in Gimli, Manitoba.   Due to Stardom's interference, Marius was able to beat Cruz become the first multiple time SPW Heavyweight Champion.  Gibby Guerrero and Cruz challenge Stardom and Marius to a match later in the evening.  Guerrero and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At the "SPW 2nd Anniversary Show", declared the main event tag team match was to be contested under Raven's Rules.  Raven and Cruz defeated Stardom and Marius.  At "Mayhem in Morden" on May 14, Jethro Hawg, Chi Chi Cruz, and Johnny Falcon beat Rob Stardom, Marius, and Jay Beaver in the main event.  Their feud still wasn't over yet.  In a match between Chip "The Kid" Fletcher and Rob Stardom at "Anarchy in Arborg", the match went to a no contest. This led to a tag team match in the main event which Cruz and Fletcher defeat Stardom and Marius.  Their feud finally came to end.  At "Hurt So Good 2010", Cruz defeated Stardom in a blood filled "I Quit" match.