Paragraph 1: On 30 May 2013, Arsenal announced that Watt was one of ten young professional players that would be leaving the club when their contracts expire on 30 June. Colchester United assistant manager Mark Kinsella confirmed that the former U's loanee was a target, with the club having already signed his former Arsenal teammate Craig Eastmond. On 28 June, Watt's transfer to Colchester was made permanent, signing a two-year contract with the Essex outfit. Following an injury sustained during a pre-season win against Maldon & Tiptree, Watt made his second debut for Colchester in a League Cup clash with Peterborough United on 6 August, coming on as a substitute for Alex Gilbey on 65 minutes as the U's succumbed to a heavy 5–1 home defeat. He then made his first league start of the season in a 1–0 win against Port Vale four days later. Watt was plagued by a troublesome ankle injury over the first few weeks of the season, and despite using an ice machine in an attempt to heal the issue, he became one of a number of players facing the treatment table as the first-team suffered an injury crisis. He was on the verge of a comeback in early October 2013 following a thigh injury that had kept him out of action, but was dealt a further blow with a quad injury that would rule him out for at least a further six weeks. He returned to training in early December, and finally returned to action on 26 December. He appeared as a substitute during Colchester's biggest win under Joe Dunne, a 4–0 win against Stevenage. Watt bagged an assist for himself in the process, setting up Craig Eastmond with a simple pass 13 minutes from time to round off the scoring. He scored his first goal of the season in an instrumental display against Gillingham on 11 January 2014, securing the opening goal in a 3–0 home victory. In the next match against Carlisle United, he netted a brace in the 4–2 win at Brunton Park on 18 January. Watt was sent off on his birthday for a second bookable offence when the U's visited Swindon Town in a 0–0 draw. The ensuing ban left Watt out of first-team action until 4 March, when he returned for Colchester's home fixture against high-flying Rotherham United. In the match, he hit the bar and had a goal disallowed after Clinton Morrison was judged to have fouled Millers goalkeeper Adam Collin. He ended the 2013–14 campaign with 23 appearances and three goals to his name.

Paragraph 2: In December 1914 Scheubner-Richter became the German vice consul of Erzerum, Turkey, succeeding Dr. Paul Schwarz – this appointment was a disguise for a secret operation by the Germans to sabotage the Russian oil fields in the Caucasus, under the belief it would cause the Russian war effort to grind to a halt. The Germans hoped to infiltrate during an Ottoman offensive on Russian fortifications in Kars, but the operation was cancelled when the Ottomans were not as successful as expected. Russian resistance made infiltration of the Caucasus impossible, and Scheubner-Richter remained working as a consul in Turkey for the remainder of the war. While holding that post, Scheubner-Richter also documented the Turkish massacres of Armenians as part of the Armenian genocide. At the time, he was considered one of the most outspoken individuals against the deportations and subsequent massacres of Armenians. Scheubner-Richter believed that the deportations were based on "racial hatred" and that none could survive such a journey. Scheubner-Richter concluded that the deportations were a policy of "annihilation". At various times he demanded the German government intervene on behalf of the Armenians which lead to a meeting between Talaat Pasha and . In the meeting, Talaat Pasha claimed that the deportations of the Armenians were for their own safety. Nevertheless, on 15 June 1915, Talaat ordered the protection of the deported Armenians in Elazığ, Bitlis and Diyarbakır, explaining this order by the fact that a convoy of Armenian deportees coming from Erzurum had been assaulted. This didn't stop the deportations in Erzurum, though, and by August 1915, Scheubner-Richter acknowledged that there were no Armenians present in the district of his consulate. In October, he was succeeded by Friedrich-Werner Graf von der Schulenburg. Von Scheubner-Richter did manage to save individual Armenians, but his interventions in Constantinople and Berlin were ineffective. As the marginal notes to his letter in the Embassy of Constantinople show, his behaviour towards the Armenians was even regarded as unworldly and not appropriate to the political situation.

Paragraph 3: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).

Paragraph 4: Carla supports Peter as he begins a custody battle against Leanne for Simon; he loses in June 2012 and Leanne wins custody. As a result, Peter begins drinking again, splitting up with Carla after a drunken row. Meanwhile, Carla's brother Rob arrives after being released from prison and begins helping her run Underworld. Carla later decides to run away with Peter after he takes Simon without Leanne's consent, however, she can see that Simon would rather be with Leanne, so Peter and Carla then leave without Simon. Carla and Peter return December 2012, just as Leanne is due to fly to Las Vegas to marry Nick. Peter is thrilled to see Simon but after Carla and Leanne get into a physical fight outside the factory, Carla admits she is struggling with being back in Weatherfield; they agree to leave again. However, Peter later admits that he cannot leave Simon again, so Carla leaves for Los Angeles alone. Carla later surprises Peter by returning on Christmas Eve, saying she could not be without him, unaware that Peter has declared his love for Leanne. Carla is furious to learn that Rob has been altering the accounts for the factory. She sacks him and he sets up his own business, stealing Carla's clients and orders. Realising that she cannot beat Rob's tricks to win over her clients, she reluctantly offers him a share of the factory. However, Carla puts him in charge of packing, angering Rob. He gives his ex girlfriend, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), a job in packing and she convinces him to pretend the van has been robbed whilst transporting expensive material, which they secretly sell on to another company. What Rob and Tracy are unaware of, however, is that Carla knows what they have done and asks a friend to claim to be interested in buying the material. An agreement is reached and Rob takes the material to the chosen location, only to be greeted by Carla and Peter. Tracy is sacked and Rob is forced to sell his share to Carla in return for her not going to the police. Peter's bookies begins to struggle financially. Carla is initially unaware of this, until Michelle tells her about Peter offering risky odds that could potentially bankrupt him. Peter accepts a large bet from Rob, including one that Peter cannot pay when Rob wins. This forces Peter to close his shop and allow Rob and Tracy to set up their own business. Carla gives Peter a share in the factory and he works in the office with her and Michelle, however, this angers Michelle, so she quits.

Paragraph 5: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).

Paragraph 6: Popular folklore perpetuates a legend that a Flint coney sauce recipe containing ground beef and ground hot dogs is the "original" Flint Coney sauce recipe. Variations on this story include either that a relative of the storyteller knew or worked with the former owner of Flint's Original and received the recipe from them, or that the wife of the owner of Flint's Original allowed the publication of the recipe in the Flint Journal after his death. Ron Krueger, longtime food writer of the Flint Journal, included it in a collection of recipes from the newspaper but without a cited source, unlike the rest of the recipes in the collection. When asked about this Mr. Krueger replied, "That recipe appeared in The Journal several times over the years. [I don't] think I ever saw it in the context of a story or ever saw any attribution. It always included the word 'original' in the title, but anybody who knows anything knows otherwise." As to the second story, of Brayan's wife later allowing the publication of the recipe, Velicia Brayan died in 1976, while Simion Brayan lived until the age of 100 and died in 1990. The actual source of this recipe appears to be an earlier Flint Journal Food Editor, Joy Gallagher, who included the recipe in her column of May 23, 1978. In that column she stated she had included the recipe in an even earlier column. Her apparent source was "a woman who said she was the wife of a chef at the original Coney Island, and that she copied the recipe from his personal recipe book." Gallagher stated "I believe her". However, Gallagher also wrote, "I'm not making any claims". In the same column she also included a second recipe that used beef heart, which she wrote "came to me recently from a reader who swears it is the sauce served at Angelo's." The folklore has mixed the supposed sources of the two recipes in this column from Gallagher, with people claiming the ground hot dog recipe is reportedly from Angelo's. In his column published in the Flint Journal on April 18, 1995, Food Editor Ron Krueger reported taking Gallagher's ground hot dog recipe directly to Angelo's co-owner Tom V. Branoff, who refuted the recipe line-by-line. Gallagher's pre-1978 column is still being researched.

Paragraph 7: Anacrites, who is rather annoyed at being muscled out of his stolen case, sends four men to beat up Falco and Petro. They defeat the bruisers easily and trail them back to Anacrites. Soon afterwards, Julius Frontinus finds and gives over a new hand. It looks the same as the other hands but this one has a wedding ring with two names inscribed (Asinia and Caius). They track down Caius Cicurrus, the widower of Asinia. He is innocent and is greatly grieving for his lost wife. Petro's wife dumped him after he took up with Balbina Milvia from Time to Depart. Milvia's husband Florius sends men to beat up Falco and Petro. Falco, with the help of his trainer Glaucus and Glaucus's trainees, beats off his attackers but Petro has no such help and is heavily injured. Milvia comes to Falco asking him to help her, as she fears that her mother, who has vanished, has been taken by the killer. Falco finds Cornella Flaccida at a new apartment. He goes out to the country but finds no suspects. After continuous reconnaissance he has two problems: First, Claudia Rufina, the heiress from A Dying Light In Corduba and the new fiancee to Helena's brother Aelianus, has vanished, and second, a slave called Thurius has been identified as the murderer. Falco goes out to rescue Claudia and apprehend Thurius. He captures Thurius and finds his lair and his victim. He finds that it's not Claudia, it's Milvia's mother, who vanished again. Unlike Claudia, however, no one liked her enough to send out a search party. Claudia is later found to have eloped with Helena's other brother Justinus, an act that has disastrous consequences. The book ends with Falco telling Petro his wife went out with another man, and later receiving a visit from Anacrites.

Paragraph 8: In 1868 before the birth of Dr. Jose Rizal, some settler of this place transferred their residence to the shoreline until the Balangiga Massacre happened on September 28, 1901. Some settlers from Balangiga transferred to the inhabitants community for they were afraid that the American forces might retaliate against them. The Population of this place increased in number and there came a man named SINGOY AMANTILLO, blessed with five children, namely BICARIO, MAURICIO ENRIQUE or “ IKING”, JACOBO alias “KA BUTA” and one known as LAMI. Then the family of a known man YSIDRO MISTA FERERAS came and settled here too. During the Spanish regime until late before the establishment of the commonwealth Republic, YSIDRO encouraged ENGRACIO AMANTILLO and MAURICIO AMANTILLO to change the name Umhanan to tinawgan to sitio Lipata, because of its numerous Lipata trees growing around and later on because of its recognition, As the gradual transition of time, leaping incidents continued its way for another generation of men. There came another famous man, BICARIO AMNATILLO, the famous fierce and brave soldier who was widely known throughout the Province of Samar as a revolutionary leader during the Filipino-American Revolution. He organized the resident of sitio Lipata for mutual defense against the Muslim bandits and other enemies. He worked also for the improvements of the sitio until the time of his capture. His right-hand man. YSIDRO M. FERRERAS, the contemporary revolutionary leaderalso fierce, diplomatic and gallant magistrate, succeeded him. He successfully worked for the improvement of this sitio for the welfare of this fellowmen. After the defeat of the Filipino by the American soldiers during the revolutionary era, civil government of the Philippine started as well as the American regime. The growth of the population in sitio Lipata has rapidly increased where in prominent figures came under the leadership of YSIDRO. They decided to settle in a barrio called Hilaba instead of sitio Lipata due to its considerable wider level of land area and hill in the middle where it was available for a church to be constructed. However, majority of the residents of sitio Lipata retracted the proposal on the ground that it was more difficult especially for bancas to reach the ashore at low tide. Finally Ysidro decided to convert sitio Lipata into the barrio Sto Niño of Basey Samar. Ysidro was elected as Mayor of basey, while Engracio was elected as Municipal Vice-Mayor and likewise, Mauricio was elected as the Cabeza del Barrio Sto. Niño. When the world war 11 broke out on December 7, 1941, the elementary Education in Barrio Sto. Niño was temporarily closed until the war ended in the year 1944. Early in 1949, the same mayor showed his never ending spirit of leadership when he submitted a proposal to President Elpidio Quirino for the conversion of Barrio Sto. Niño into a Municipality. On July 22, 1949, through the help of the late speaker of the house of Representative, Hon. Lorenzo Perez, Executive Order No. 247 was issued and signed by the President Creating the Municipality of Marabut, Samar in Honor of the late Cogressman SERAFIN MARABUT, a native of Basey, Samar. Ysidro M. Ferreras was elected as the first Municipal Mayor and Engracio Amantillo as the vice Mayor. Municipality of Marabut is composed of 14 barangays. Namely; San Roque, Tag-Alag, Legaspi, Caluayan, Tinabanan, Osmena, Canyoyo, Binocyahan, Odoc, Pinana-an, Sto. Nino (Pobl), Lipata, Amambucale, and Pinamitinan. A year later during the time of late mayor Macario Ferreras, through Municipal Ordinance, Poblacion Marabut was divided into four barangays. Amantillo, Sto. Nino, Catato, and Lipata. Brgy. Pinamitinan was divided into three barangays, Sta. Rita and Malobago, Brgy. Odoc was divided into two barangays, the brgy. Ferreras, Brgy. Binocyahan was divided into two barangays, brgy. Logero. Osmenia was divided into four, brgy. Mabuhay, Rono, and Panan-awan. Legaspi was divided into two, brgy. Veloso. Now Marabut has 24 barangays after all. The first barangay captain of brgy. Amantillo was Amado A. Opena. Henceforth, Brgy. Amantillo, Marabut has produced sons and daughters who are committed to hold the dreams of their forefather and turn them into magnificent realties.

Paragraph 9: The Left Book Club, founded in May 1936, was a key left-wing institution of the late 1930s and the 1940s in the United Kingdom. It was set up by Stafford Cripps, Victor Gollancz and John Strachey to revitalise and educate the British Left. The club's aim was to "help in the struggle for world peace and against fascism". Aiming to break even with 2,500 members, it had 40,000 within the first year and by 1939 it was up to 57,000. The LBC was one of the first book clubs in the UK and, as such, played an important role in the evolution of the country's book trade.

Paragraph 10: Fay flirts with Muscles and Itchy gets increasingly jealous. Teddy and Chick return on Chick's bicycle and are greeted by the entire camp. Though they see their relationship as a friendship, everyone else sees a blossoming romance ("Certain Individuals"). Everyone leaves except for the spurned Itchy who watches Fay ride off on Muscles' shoulders. Itchy decides that he has got to get some new social ideas that will excite the girls. He decides to have a candlelight evening in the social hall. He figures that will be so romantic that all the girls will forget Muscles and his sports events. Unfortunately, his plan backfires when the Social Hall catches fire. Kandel is so mad at Itchy that he demotes him to Boat House Boy and puts Muscles in charge of all social events.   The next day Chick takes Teddy out to Eagle Rock, yelling at Pinky to stay away from her. When Teddy asks what has come over him, Chick reveals that he loves Teddy. He proposes marriage, and imagines how his friends would react to their going out together to museums and cultural events ("They Won't Know Me"). Teddy tells Chick that not only is she already engaged, she meant to get married next week. Even though she, too, loves Chick she can't call off the wedding. Rather than talk anymore about it, they go back to the camp.   Back at the boathouse, we find Itchy has been demoted to Boat Boy. Teddy and Chick return from Eagle Rock and Chick confronts Fay about Teddy's engagement. She confesses that she knew all along that Teddy was engaged and gives Teddy her ring back. The girls enter in their bathing suits - ready for the Miss Camp Karefree Contest. Gussie, one of the available girls rushes forward and shows Chick that she has no ring on her finger. He asks her out and plans on cheering for her in the contest. Teddy, hurt, decides that she too will enter the contest, in retaliation. Pinky is thrilled to have the chance to put the moves on Teddy ("Summer Afternoon").  Pinky naturally picks Teddy to win the contest. He shows her the gorgeous new dress. In return, she gives him a kiss, and in a jealous fit, Chick pushes Pinky into the pool. Kandel has Chick restrained and threatens to fire him. Pinky delights in watching this happen to Chick and laughs. Teddy, upset at seeing Chick humiliated, pushes Pinky into the pool. Nevertheless, Chick still leaves with Gussie and Teddy watches them go, crying.

Paragraph 11: The Left Book Club, founded in May 1936, was a key left-wing institution of the late 1930s and the 1940s in the United Kingdom. It was set up by Stafford Cripps, Victor Gollancz and John Strachey to revitalise and educate the British Left. The club's aim was to "help in the struggle for world peace and against fascism". Aiming to break even with 2,500 members, it had 40,000 within the first year and by 1939 it was up to 57,000. The LBC was one of the first book clubs in the UK and, as such, played an important role in the evolution of the country's book trade.

Paragraph 12: Fisher was selected as an astronaut candidate with NASA Astronaut Group 8, the first group of NASA astronauts to include women, in January 1978. She became the Astronaut Office representative for the development and testing of the Canadarm remote manipulator system and the testing of payload bay door contingency spacewalk procedures. For the first four Space Shuttle missions she was assigned to the search and rescue helicopters supporting the flights. For the next four missions, she was involved in the verification of flight software at the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL), and was a "Cape Crusader"—one of the astronauts who supported vehicle integration and payload testing at Kennedy Space Center. She flew in space on the  on the STS-51-A mission in November 1984, during which she used the Canadarm to retrieve two satellites that had been placed in incorrect orbits.

Paragraph 13: Once alone, the four begin their binge. In one scene, Marcello and Ugo race each other to see who can eat oysters faster. They discuss organizing a little "feminine presence" and decide to invite three prostitutes to come to the house the following evening (not four, because Philippe does not want to participate). Their breakfast next day is interrupted by the arrival of a school class who would like to visit the garden of the villa to see the famous "linden tree of Boileau", under which the French poet used to sit while looking for inspiration. The four willingly invite the class not only into the garden, but also to view the old Bugatti in the garage and to a magnificent lunch in the kitchen. Above all, they get to know Andrea, the young and buxom teacher, whom they spontaneously invite to dinner that evening. Philippe is dismayed at the notion of the school teacher being in the same company as three prostitutes; he warns her, but she appears not to be perturbed. The prostitutes arrive in due course and the atmosphere becomes frivolous and sexually charged, with each of the men howling throughout the film when they are overjoyed. Andrea arrives and embraces the spirit of the party. She is attracted to Philippe, who proposes to marry her.

Paragraph 14: Most researchers in mainstream biology believe sexual orientation likely results from a complex interplay of genetic, hormonal, and non-social environmental factors. Examples include the fraternal birth order effect related to male sexual orientation; a progressive immunization of the mother that could alter male specific cells that play a role in fetal brain synapse masculinization, for which biochemical evidence has been found. An epigenetic model for homosexuality as a result of prenatal environment was proposed by three evolutionary biologists (Rice et al.) in 2012, and accounts for fitness costs, noting a host of reproductive fitness reducing traits associated with genitalia which persist at rates similar to, or higher than, exclusive homosexual orientation. In a 2017 commentary, the biologists write that "one of the most counterintuitive results" from their model of homosexuality was that the epi-marks responsible for homosexuality should always be favoured in the fetus, because in most offspring, they canalize sexual development and protect the fetus from fitness-reducing intersex phenotypes. However, sometimes unerased epimarks expressed in the brain could pass from a mother to son which would effect sex differentiation of the fetal brain, resulting in homosexuality. Nevertheless, epigenetic explanations for sexual orientation are still purely speculative. W. Rice and colleagues say that they "cannot provide definitive evidence that homosexuality has a epigenetic underpinning". Tuck C. Ngun and Eric Vilain published a paper in 2014 in which they evaluated and critiqued the epigenetic model proposed by Rice and colleagues in 2012. Ngun and Vilain agreed with much of Rice's model, but disagreed that "sex-reversing sensitivity to androgen signaling via epigenetic markers will result in homosexuality in both sexes", saying that there is no evidence that same-sex attraction in men is linked to low androgenic receptivity. Evolutionary ecologist Aldo Poiani said that the pathogenic hypothesis should "not be dismissed without proper testing", but that it seems contradicted by birth order effects, a consistent low rate of homosexuality across populations and the absence of parent-child transmission.

Paragraph 15: In 2004, Perry Broadcasting purchased Country station KRPT-103.5 in Anadarko, Oklahoma, the signal was upgraded to target Oklahoma City. The KVSP call letters and Urban format were moved to the FM dial and it became "Power 103.5" targeting a younger audience with its format. That same year AM 1140 changed to its current format Urban Adult Contemporary as KRMP "The Touch 1140". KRMP also airs Talk and Infomercials in certain dayparts with addition to music. It also airs Tom Joyner in the morning and previously aired Michael Baisden in the afternoon until his cancellation at the end of March 2013 and replaced the show with local talent the “WYLD” Child Scott Wright who was brought over from sister station KVSP where he was doing a afternoon program called “The Freak Show” which he had been doing ever since 2000 when KVSP was on 1140.With the change “The Freak Show” was brought over from KVSP and was back airing on 1140. In 2012, KRMP relaunched the station as "Heart & Soul 92.1 and 1140" with the addition of translator K221FQ on 92.1, allowing the station to broadcast 24 hours on FM once AM 1140 signs off at sunset. In 2019 Local Talent The “WYLD” Child Scott Wright who was put in the afternoon slot after The Michael BaisdenShow was cancelled was moved to the midday slot and the syndicated “Chubb Rock Afternoons with Siman Baby” Show was put in the afternoon slot. In January 2020, when the Tom Joyner Morning Show went off the air for good The Rickey Smiley Morning Show was brought over from sister station KVSP. On weekdays KRMP airs The Rickey Smiley Morning Show from 6:00AM to 9:00AM. “The Open Mic Talk Show” A community based talk show for listeners to call in and express their opinions on topics airs  from 9:00AM to 11:00AM. Freak Show Radio with the “WYLD” Child Scott Wright from 11:00AM to 2:00PM. The Chubb Rock Show from 2:00PM to 6:00PM. The D.Chappel Show Monday-Thursday 6:00PM to 10:00PM. The Quiet Storm with Lenny Green from 10:00PM to 2:00AM. On Saturdays it airs The Rickey Smiley Morning Show’s Rickey Smiley’s Weekend Jumpoff from 10:00AM to 12:00PM and Diggin’ in the crates with Chubb Rock & Tha Needle Droppas from 6:00PM to 8:00PM. On Sundays it airs gospel music as Down Home Gospel from 6:00AM to 2:00PM. From 9:00AM to 11:00AM services at local churches are aired. From 11:00AM to 1:00PM The Syndicated “The Dorinda Clark-Cole Radio Show” is aired. From 1:00PM to 4:00PM The Syndicated “The Marvin Sapp Radio show is aired” From 4:00PM to 6:00PM The Syndicated “In the City With Mike Glover” Show hosted by KWTV reporter Mike Glover is aired. From 6:00PM to 8:00PM a two hour local program called “Lincoln Park” is aired where music from Motown as well as the 70s, 80s, and 90s is aired. After “Lincoln Park” the station goes back to playing Urban A.C

Paragraph 16: In 1976 the entire line received major overhaul by replacing the 14 kg/m rails in to 40 kg/m type rails that were produced in Reşiţa. In the late 1970s-early 1980s the old Reşiţa steam locomotives were replaced by five 450 horsepower "Bo-BoDh" type "L45H" class diesel-hydraulic, locomotives; and one L35H class hydraulic locomotive, that were produced by the "Faur" factories from Bucharest. The original 7 ton capacity ore cars were replaced by "K" type hopper cars with capacities between 20–20 tons each with four axles mounted on two bogies. One Reşiţa steam locomotive number 12F was transformed into a mobile heating unit for passenger cars in winters. In 1990 the passenger service ceased, meantime at the loco shed worked around 120 employees in three shifts which were conductors, mechanics, drivers, track maintenance, etc. They coupled to the trains tourist cars on demand. The original Zlaşti valley viaduct was replaced in the summer of 1992 to support greater loads. On the 13 km long segment they transported dolomite, talc and limestone to the limeworks from Zlaşti and the steelworks in Hunedoara until 2000.  In 2000 the Austrian company who built the line sent a letter to the management who owned the limeworks from Zlaşti and operated this railway, that the 100-year warranty of the bridges was expiring, and it's necessary for an inspection for all of the bridges. After this letter, in 2001 the management of the limeworks decided to remove and scrap 11 km of line between Crăciuneasa terminus and the Zlaşti limeworks, not considering the touristic and historical value. They scrapped the bridges, but on the perseverance of the villagers they left one original bridge at Govăjdia for pedestrian use. Meanwhile, they scrapped some of the old rolling stock and locomotives, and some of the rolling stock was saved and exported. The last three bridges and the last 2,3 km long segment operated until October 2008 for transportation of limestone from the improvised loading station made in the former West-Station of Hunedoara, until the limeworks at Zlaşti. In the summer of 2009 due to economical reasons the management of the limeworks decided to scrap the last 2,3 segment of railway. The scrapping began on 19 June 2009 with the scrapping of the second curved bridge from Canton 1 Zlaşti. On 6 July 2009 they started the removal and scrapping of the railway. Some of the rails were recovered and sold as second-hand rails for other railways. The last two L45H class diesel-hydraulic locos and the last ten "K" type hopper cars were transported to Crişcior for restoration and further use. The first curved bridge's segments were transported to Crişcior in February 2010 for restoration and use on the forestry line in Moldoviţa.

Paragraph 17: The tornado then reached low-end EF3 intensity as it exited Laurel and crossed Interstate 59, snapping and uprooting numerous trees, and toppling several large metal truss transmission towers to the ground. Low-end EF3 damage continued as the tornado then completely destroyed the Wade Services manufacturing plant, along with several other metal buildings and an office building on the property. Northeast of this area, the tornado momentarily weakened and caused EF1 tree damage as it moved along the east side of Interstate 59. The tornado became strong again as it then impacted the southern fringes of Sandersville at EF2 strength, where a house sustained loss of much of its roof, along with some second floor exterior walls. Another home sustained major roof damage, outbuildings were damaged or destroyed, numerous large trees were snapped or uprooted, and two people sustained minor injuries in the Sandersville area. Past Sandersville, the tornado weakened back to EF1 strength as it struck the Mississippi Choctaw Reservation, where homes sustained roof and garage damage, a small pavilion collapsed, trees were downed, and headstones were tipped over at a cemetery. EF0 and EF1 damage to trees and homes continued through the extreme northwestern corner of Wayne County and into the southwestern corner of Clarke County, though a small pocket of EF2 damage occurred along County Road 223, where numerous large trees were snapped and a mobile home was rolled and destroyed. Additional EF2 damage occurred as the tornado crossed US 45 north of Shubuta, where a well-built home had most if its roof torn off. Northeast of Shubuta, numerous trees were snapped and uprooted at EF1 strength as the tornado moved through rural areas. A few outbuildings and mobile homes were damaged as well. A final area of EF2 damage occurred to the southwest of the small community of Mannassa, where a well-built home along County Road 664 sustained destruction of its attached garage, and had a large portion of its roof torn off. A nearby mobile home was rolled and destroyed as well. Northeast of Mannassa, the tornado weakened to EF0 strength as it approached the Alabama border, causing only tree limb damage in rural areas. The tornado then regained EF1 strength as it crossed into Choctaw County, Alabama, downing trees and destroying a mobile home. Additional trees were snapped or uprooted, and a house sustained partial removal of its roof before the tornado dissipated to the west-northwest of Lisman, Alabama after traveling .

Paragraph 18: The tale told by The Wife of Bath in Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales is one of the most prominent examples of the loathly lady motif. The story begins during the rule of King Arthur over the Isle of Britain. It was a time when the people of the Isle of Britain were terrorized by friars who raped women. Instead of getting the women pregnant like the incubus did in the past, the Friars solely brought shame upon them without impregnating them. The plot of the story begins when a Knight of King Arthur's court rapes a young woman when he is overpowered by his lust for her. The King and his court then come to the conclusion that decapitation is a punishment fit for the crime at hand; however, the decision is intercepted by the Queen and women of the court before it can be executed. The women persuade the King to grant him another chance on one condition. They propose that if the Knight can find what women desire most from their partners and report it back to them in time, then the Knight will keep his head. King Arthur then proceeds to accept the women's punishment and grants the knight this second chance. The Knight quickly seizes this opportunity and sets out on a journey that becomes more difficult than he first anticipated. Early in his quest the Knight comes to realize that each woman he questions seems to give him a different answer than the last. As the Knight's time begins to run out, he comes across a group of young women dancing and sets out to question them as well. But as the Knight draws near, to his dismay, the group vanishes and turns into a "loathly" old woman (a hag), who offers to help him with his dilemma. The old woman joins the Knight on his quest back and aids him in giving the answer to the women of the court. Together, the Knight and the Loathly Lady tell the women of the court that women desire sovereignty the most in their love life: women want to be treated as equal partners in their love relationships. The Wife of Bath continues with her tale and says that the loathly woman asks the knight to marry her in return for helping him. The knight submits to the hag's request although he pleads for her to take his material wealth instead. They marry and consummate the marriage that very night. When the old woman realizes how unhappy the Knight is she asks him why he is so sorrowful and he tells her that he is unhappy to have married such an unattractive wife. The wife responds to this comment by giving the Knight a choice: either he can have an old, unattractive, yet loyal wife or a young and beautiful wife that will be unfaithful to him. The knight decides to let his wife choose, and she transforms instead into a wife both beautiful and loyal, because he gave her the sovereignty to choose.

Paragraph 19: Fay flirts with Muscles and Itchy gets increasingly jealous. Teddy and Chick return on Chick's bicycle and are greeted by the entire camp. Though they see their relationship as a friendship, everyone else sees a blossoming romance ("Certain Individuals"). Everyone leaves except for the spurned Itchy who watches Fay ride off on Muscles' shoulders. Itchy decides that he has got to get some new social ideas that will excite the girls. He decides to have a candlelight evening in the social hall. He figures that will be so romantic that all the girls will forget Muscles and his sports events. Unfortunately, his plan backfires when the Social Hall catches fire. Kandel is so mad at Itchy that he demotes him to Boat House Boy and puts Muscles in charge of all social events.   The next day Chick takes Teddy out to Eagle Rock, yelling at Pinky to stay away from her. When Teddy asks what has come over him, Chick reveals that he loves Teddy. He proposes marriage, and imagines how his friends would react to their going out together to museums and cultural events ("They Won't Know Me"). Teddy tells Chick that not only is she already engaged, she meant to get married next week. Even though she, too, loves Chick she can't call off the wedding. Rather than talk anymore about it, they go back to the camp.   Back at the boathouse, we find Itchy has been demoted to Boat Boy. Teddy and Chick return from Eagle Rock and Chick confronts Fay about Teddy's engagement. She confesses that she knew all along that Teddy was engaged and gives Teddy her ring back. The girls enter in their bathing suits - ready for the Miss Camp Karefree Contest. Gussie, one of the available girls rushes forward and shows Chick that she has no ring on her finger. He asks her out and plans on cheering for her in the contest. Teddy, hurt, decides that she too will enter the contest, in retaliation. Pinky is thrilled to have the chance to put the moves on Teddy ("Summer Afternoon").  Pinky naturally picks Teddy to win the contest. He shows her the gorgeous new dress. In return, she gives him a kiss, and in a jealous fit, Chick pushes Pinky into the pool. Kandel has Chick restrained and threatens to fire him. Pinky delights in watching this happen to Chick and laughs. Teddy, upset at seeing Chick humiliated, pushes Pinky into the pool. Nevertheless, Chick still leaves with Gussie and Teddy watches them go, crying.

Paragraph 20: In humans, psychophysical experiments conducted in constant BGN have also implicated the olivocochlear bundle (OCB) in selective listening. The research perhaps most relevant to this thesis has been performed by Scharf and his colleagues. In 1993, Scharf et al. presented data from eight patients who had undergone unilateral vestibular neurectomy to treat Ménière’s disease, a procedure which severs the OCB (presumably both the MOCS and the LOCS). Scharf et al. (1993) did not find any clear differences in subjects’ thresholds to tones in noise before and after surgery. Shortly after this finding, Scharf et al. (1994, 1997) performed a comprehensive set of psychophysical experiments from a total of sixteen patients who had undergone unilateral vestibular neurectomy (including the original eight subjects).  They measured performance in the psychophysical listening tasks before and after surgery, and found no significant difference in performance for (i) detection of tones, (ii) intensity discrimination of tones, (iii) frequency discrimination of tones, (iv) loudness adaptation, and (v) detection of tones in notched-noise. Their only positive finding was that most patients detected unexpected sounds in the operated ear better than in the healthy ear, or the same ear before surgery. This result was obtained using a truncated probe-signal procedure which led the patient to expect a certain frequency on each trial. Twelve subjects completed this experiment. Their procedure was similar to that of Greenberg and Larkin (1968), except only 50% of trials (not 77%) contained a target whose frequency matched that of the auditory cue. The other 50% of trials containing a probe whose frequency differed from that of the cue. Also, only two probe frequencies were used, one whose frequency was higher than the target, and one whose frequency was lower than the target. All trials contained an auditory cue (at the target frequency) prior to the first observation interval. The results were used to construct a basic attentional filter, which displayed detection level of the expected (and cued) target frequency and the two unexpected probe frequencies. From the two published reports (Scharf et al., 1994, 1997), ears for which the OCB has been lesioned showed an attentional filter with an average depth of about 15%-correct less than those ears for which the OCB was intact. Although there is no way to empirically convert this value to dB, a rough estimate based on psychometric functions presented by Green and Swets (1966) yields a value of 2-3 dB. Their results have been summarised in the inset figure.

Paragraph 21: The period between 1929 and 1975 was a golden age in Efik literary history. Although a number of written Efik works were released prior to 1929, Gerard points out that the government became instrumental in the literary growth of the Efik. In 1929, at the conference of the International institute of African Languages and Culture chaired by Professor William Welmers, it was agreed that the Efik language should be adopted as the only official and written indigenous language in the entire South-eastern region. In the same year, a meeting focused on the expansion of the Efik vocabulary was held at Old Calabar under the chairmanship of the Mr. E.M.Falk, the senior resident. Several recommendations were made with the intention of ensuring the standardization of the Efik orthography and development of new literature. Following the recommendation of the International institute of African Languages in union with the board of Education, Lagos, a new orthography was introduced. Progress was also being made by the catholic mission through Father Biechy who produced an Efik version of the Igbo catechism in 1929. Mr E. A. L. Gaskin, the inspector of schools in Nigeria was sponsored by the Nigerian government to undertake a course in phonetics at the University of London. On his return to Nigeria in 1930, he assembled a team of voluntary helpers consisting of Europeans, Efik and Ibibio people to begin work on the recommendations made by the 1929 conference on the Efik language. Gaskin aided in the establishment of the Efik Translation Bureau and was assisted by Revs J.K. Macgregor, E.E. Pritchard, Okon Efiong, J. Ballantyne, Father Meehan, Dr. Henshaw, Mr. J.W. Westgarth and several others. Gaskin also produced the work Twelve proverbs and one Folk-story from the Efik country and later resigned as the inspector of schools in 1932. Gaskin's position was taken by Robert Frederick G. Adams (R.F.G. Adams) in 1932. Members of the Efik translation bureau were instrumental in the publication of several Efik texts for schools. In 1933, the Bureau held a competition for best Efik literary work which was won by E.E. Nkana whose Mutanda Oyom Namondo came first prize. R.F.G. Adams joined the Efik translation bureau with the Igbo translation bureau on his assumption of office. Igbo and Efik were regarded as among the fastest-growing languages in southern Nigeria. The Nigerian Government was financially responsible for the publication of literary works particularly Nkana's Mutanda Oyom Namondo. The work of the Efik-Ibo translation bureau came to an abrupt end but a dictionary was still being compiled by members of the defunct board and its first edition would later be published in 1939. The second era of Efik literature is particularly notable for the global recognition Efik literature attained. Many Efik writers were versatile in several literary genres but usually dominated particular genres or are remembered mainly for specific genres. For example, while E.N. Amaku is most popularly known for his contribution to Prose, he equally excelled in the area of poetry.

Paragraph 22: Seetarama Rao / Ramu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is an orphan brought up by an old lady Seetamma, who also stays alone and both of them live in a middle-class colony Panchavati. Everyone in the colony holds Ramu dear, in turn he too treats them as his family members. Once Ramu's briefcase is exchanged in the railway station with another containing a huge amount, belongs to a multi-millionaire J. B. Rao (Nagabhushanam). Actually, J. B. Rao is an innocent person, marionette in the hands of his secretary (Dhulipala), who loathes the poor folks. Ramu safely returns the briefcase to J. B. Rao when he is accused as a thief, but Seeta (Latha) the only daughter of J. B. Rao likes the ideologies of Ramu and falls for him. Meanwhile, Seetamma completes RamaKoti for the wealth of her son absconded in childhood and aspires to visit Bhadrachalam to submit it to the Lord. At the same time, Ramu is appointed as Deputy Collector at Bhadrachalam, but he wants to maintain secrecy regarding his job till the end of the destination. Meanwhile, the secretary ploys with J. B. Rao's nephew Giri (Nutan Prasad), spoils the mindset of J. B. Rao and conspires to couple up Seeta with Giri at the same Bhadrachalam. Ramu starts his pilgrimage along with his entire colony in a Janatha Boat, J. B. Rao and party also accompany them in a luxury boat. On the other side, a suspended Tahsaldar Ramalingam (Allu Ramalingaiah) a sly person, arrives with a Govt. boat for the Deputy Collector to pamper and get back his position. All the 3 are joined and the journey begins, which takes several twits and turns. In between an awful incident, Seetamma passes away when they try to stop the boats for the funeral, J. B. Rao insults her to throw into river Godavari as it is a waste of time. Here, furious Ramu wants to teach a lesson to J. B. Rao, so, he makes a play by hiding the boats and pretends as if they have been flooded away. Now, they make a halt in an island where Ramu arranges food for colony members. Eventually, J. B. Rao's group are starving and no one comes forward to sell or share their food when J. B. Rao realizes that money cannot do everything. So, he says sorry to Ramu and embraces all of them. At that point in time, surprising it is revealed that J. B. Rao is Seetamma's absconded son. Knowing it, he repents and collapses when the secretary seeks to kill him and Giri tries forcibly marry Seeta, when J. B. Rao understands nefariousness of his henchmen. At last, Ramu rescues Seeta, stops the baddies and affirms that Ramu is the new appointed Deputy Collector. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Ramu and Seeta.

Paragraph 23: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).

Paragraph 24: Once alone, the four begin their binge. In one scene, Marcello and Ugo race each other to see who can eat oysters faster. They discuss organizing a little "feminine presence" and decide to invite three prostitutes to come to the house the following evening (not four, because Philippe does not want to participate). Their breakfast next day is interrupted by the arrival of a school class who would like to visit the garden of the villa to see the famous "linden tree of Boileau", under which the French poet used to sit while looking for inspiration. The four willingly invite the class not only into the garden, but also to view the old Bugatti in the garage and to a magnificent lunch in the kitchen. Above all, they get to know Andrea, the young and buxom teacher, whom they spontaneously invite to dinner that evening. Philippe is dismayed at the notion of the school teacher being in the same company as three prostitutes; he warns her, but she appears not to be perturbed. The prostitutes arrive in due course and the atmosphere becomes frivolous and sexually charged, with each of the men howling throughout the film when they are overjoyed. Andrea arrives and embraces the spirit of the party. She is attracted to Philippe, who proposes to marry her.

Paragraph 25: The ligand GABA is the endogenous compound that causes this receptor to open; once bound to GABA, the protein receptor changes conformation within the membrane, opening the pore in order to allow chloride anions (Cl−) and, to a lesser extent, bicarbonate ions (HCO3−) to pass down their electrochemical gradient. The binding site to GABA is about 80Å away from the narrowest part of the ion channel. Recent computational studies have suggested an allosteric mechanism whereby GABA binding leads to ion channel opening. Because the reversal potential for chloride in most mature neurons is close to or more negative than the resting membrane potential, activation of GABAA receptors tends to stabilize or hyperpolarise the resting potential, and can make it more difficult for excitatory neurotransmitters to depolarize the neuron and generate an action potential. The net effect therefore typically inhibitory, reducing the activity of the neuron, although depolarizing currents have been observed in response to GABA in immature neurons in early development. This effect during development is due to a modified Cl− gradient wherein the anions leave the cells through the GABAA receptors, since their intracellular chlorine concentration is higher than the extracellular. The difference in extracellular chlorine anion concentration is presumed to be due to the higher activity of chloride transporters, such as NKCC1, transporting chloride into cells which are present early in development, whereas, for instance, KCC2 transports chloride out cells and is the dominant factor in establishing the chloride gradient later in development. These depolarization events have shown to be key in neuronal development. In the mature neuron, the GABAA channel opens quickly and thus contributes to the early part of the inhibitory post-synaptic potential (IPSP).

Paragraph 26: Popular folklore perpetuates a legend that a Flint coney sauce recipe containing ground beef and ground hot dogs is the "original" Flint Coney sauce recipe. Variations on this story include either that a relative of the storyteller knew or worked with the former owner of Flint's Original and received the recipe from them, or that the wife of the owner of Flint's Original allowed the publication of the recipe in the Flint Journal after his death. Ron Krueger, longtime food writer of the Flint Journal, included it in a collection of recipes from the newspaper but without a cited source, unlike the rest of the recipes in the collection. When asked about this Mr. Krueger replied, "That recipe appeared in The Journal several times over the years. [I don't] think I ever saw it in the context of a story or ever saw any attribution. It always included the word 'original' in the title, but anybody who knows anything knows otherwise." As to the second story, of Brayan's wife later allowing the publication of the recipe, Velicia Brayan died in 1976, while Simion Brayan lived until the age of 100 and died in 1990. The actual source of this recipe appears to be an earlier Flint Journal Food Editor, Joy Gallagher, who included the recipe in her column of May 23, 1978. In that column she stated she had included the recipe in an even earlier column. Her apparent source was "a woman who said she was the wife of a chef at the original Coney Island, and that she copied the recipe from his personal recipe book." Gallagher stated "I believe her". However, Gallagher also wrote, "I'm not making any claims". In the same column she also included a second recipe that used beef heart, which she wrote "came to me recently from a reader who swears it is the sauce served at Angelo's." The folklore has mixed the supposed sources of the two recipes in this column from Gallagher, with people claiming the ground hot dog recipe is reportedly from Angelo's. In his column published in the Flint Journal on April 18, 1995, Food Editor Ron Krueger reported taking Gallagher's ground hot dog recipe directly to Angelo's co-owner Tom V. Branoff, who refuted the recipe line-by-line. Gallagher's pre-1978 column is still being researched.

Paragraph 27: Carla supports Peter as he begins a custody battle against Leanne for Simon; he loses in June 2012 and Leanne wins custody. As a result, Peter begins drinking again, splitting up with Carla after a drunken row. Meanwhile, Carla's brother Rob arrives after being released from prison and begins helping her run Underworld. Carla later decides to run away with Peter after he takes Simon without Leanne's consent, however, she can see that Simon would rather be with Leanne, so Peter and Carla then leave without Simon. Carla and Peter return December 2012, just as Leanne is due to fly to Las Vegas to marry Nick. Peter is thrilled to see Simon but after Carla and Leanne get into a physical fight outside the factory, Carla admits she is struggling with being back in Weatherfield; they agree to leave again. However, Peter later admits that he cannot leave Simon again, so Carla leaves for Los Angeles alone. Carla later surprises Peter by returning on Christmas Eve, saying she could not be without him, unaware that Peter has declared his love for Leanne. Carla is furious to learn that Rob has been altering the accounts for the factory. She sacks him and he sets up his own business, stealing Carla's clients and orders. Realising that she cannot beat Rob's tricks to win over her clients, she reluctantly offers him a share of the factory. However, Carla puts him in charge of packing, angering Rob. He gives his ex girlfriend, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), a job in packing and she convinces him to pretend the van has been robbed whilst transporting expensive material, which they secretly sell on to another company. What Rob and Tracy are unaware of, however, is that Carla knows what they have done and asks a friend to claim to be interested in buying the material. An agreement is reached and Rob takes the material to the chosen location, only to be greeted by Carla and Peter. Tracy is sacked and Rob is forced to sell his share to Carla in return for her not going to the police. Peter's bookies begins to struggle financially. Carla is initially unaware of this, until Michelle tells her about Peter offering risky odds that could potentially bankrupt him. Peter accepts a large bet from Rob, including one that Peter cannot pay when Rob wins. This forces Peter to close his shop and allow Rob and Tracy to set up their own business. Carla gives Peter a share in the factory and he works in the office with her and Michelle, however, this angers Michelle, so she quits.

Paragraph 28: Seetarama Rao / Ramu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) is an orphan brought up by an old lady Seetamma, who also stays alone and both of them live in a middle-class colony Panchavati. Everyone in the colony holds Ramu dear, in turn he too treats them as his family members. Once Ramu's briefcase is exchanged in the railway station with another containing a huge amount, belongs to a multi-millionaire J. B. Rao (Nagabhushanam). Actually, J. B. Rao is an innocent person, marionette in the hands of his secretary (Dhulipala), who loathes the poor folks. Ramu safely returns the briefcase to J. B. Rao when he is accused as a thief, but Seeta (Latha) the only daughter of J. B. Rao likes the ideologies of Ramu and falls for him. Meanwhile, Seetamma completes RamaKoti for the wealth of her son absconded in childhood and aspires to visit Bhadrachalam to submit it to the Lord. At the same time, Ramu is appointed as Deputy Collector at Bhadrachalam, but he wants to maintain secrecy regarding his job till the end of the destination. Meanwhile, the secretary ploys with J. B. Rao's nephew Giri (Nutan Prasad), spoils the mindset of J. B. Rao and conspires to couple up Seeta with Giri at the same Bhadrachalam. Ramu starts his pilgrimage along with his entire colony in a Janatha Boat, J. B. Rao and party also accompany them in a luxury boat. On the other side, a suspended Tahsaldar Ramalingam (Allu Ramalingaiah) a sly person, arrives with a Govt. boat for the Deputy Collector to pamper and get back his position. All the 3 are joined and the journey begins, which takes several twits and turns. In between an awful incident, Seetamma passes away when they try to stop the boats for the funeral, J. B. Rao insults her to throw into river Godavari as it is a waste of time. Here, furious Ramu wants to teach a lesson to J. B. Rao, so, he makes a play by hiding the boats and pretends as if they have been flooded away. Now, they make a halt in an island where Ramu arranges food for colony members. Eventually, J. B. Rao's group are starving and no one comes forward to sell or share their food when J. B. Rao realizes that money cannot do everything. So, he says sorry to Ramu and embraces all of them. At that point in time, surprising it is revealed that J. B. Rao is Seetamma's absconded son. Knowing it, he repents and collapses when the secretary seeks to kill him and Giri tries forcibly marry Seeta, when J. B. Rao understands nefariousness of his henchmen. At last, Ramu rescues Seeta, stops the baddies and affirms that Ramu is the new appointed Deputy Collector. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the marriage of Ramu and Seeta.

Paragraph 29: The disagreement dragged on into late 2004. The WCSA consultant's report was complete in October 2004. The authority was due to vote on accepting its consultant's report on October 13, but delayed the vote after Mayor Williams asked for more time to negotiate a solution. The next day, Cropp, supported by the city's hospitality industry, suggested that the old convention center site be used for a $450 million, 1,500-room "convention headquarters hotel" instead of the site (bounded by L Street NW, 9th Street NW, and Massachusetts Avenue NW) favored by the Williams administration. Greg Fazakerley, a local developer and former president of the D.C. Building Industry Association, stepped in at the end of October to assist the two sides in coming to an agreement. The WCSA board delayed a November 4 vote until December. However, it did release its consultant's report, which did not specify a site for construction of the headquarters hotel but did identify six sites to be occupied by hotels of various size as well as financing options for them. On December 3, the WCSA board voted in favor of the Williams site, but said it would continue to study placing a hotel on a triangular plot of land at 901 New York Avenue NW. WCSA said its third option would be to build the hotel on the northeast corner of the old Washington Convention Center site. Although Cropp was unhappy with the WCSA board's action, Williams said the city would move forward on negotiations with the Hines group. William B. Alsup III, head of Washington operations for Hines Interests, said the company could put aside  of the site to build a hotel, even though this would mean sacrificing 428 housing units. Although no formal resolution to the dispute had occurred, Hines Interests released new details in February 2005 about what it envisioned building: Just 772 units of condos and apartments,  of ground-level retail space, now  of office space, and a  public library. With the Federal City Council still pushing for a music museum, the developers said  of land would remain unbuilt until the city decided what would occupy that space. By this time, construction was scheduled to begin in 2008 and end in 2010. In early March 2005, in an attempt to resolve the disagreement, Mayor Williams offered to pay for construction of the new city main library out of the city's revenues from the project, and use the remaining revenue to reinvigorate the city library system as a whole. Williams asked that the Council resolve the dispute over the headquarters hotel quickly, and warned that further delay imperiled the 7,500 temporary construction jobs and more than 5,000 permanent jobs the project could create.

Paragraph 30: Fay flirts with Muscles and Itchy gets increasingly jealous. Teddy and Chick return on Chick's bicycle and are greeted by the entire camp. Though they see their relationship as a friendship, everyone else sees a blossoming romance ("Certain Individuals"). Everyone leaves except for the spurned Itchy who watches Fay ride off on Muscles' shoulders. Itchy decides that he has got to get some new social ideas that will excite the girls. He decides to have a candlelight evening in the social hall. He figures that will be so romantic that all the girls will forget Muscles and his sports events. Unfortunately, his plan backfires when the Social Hall catches fire. Kandel is so mad at Itchy that he demotes him to Boat House Boy and puts Muscles in charge of all social events.   The next day Chick takes Teddy out to Eagle Rock, yelling at Pinky to stay away from her. When Teddy asks what has come over him, Chick reveals that he loves Teddy. He proposes marriage, and imagines how his friends would react to their going out together to museums and cultural events ("They Won't Know Me"). Teddy tells Chick that not only is she already engaged, she meant to get married next week. Even though she, too, loves Chick she can't call off the wedding. Rather than talk anymore about it, they go back to the camp.   Back at the boathouse, we find Itchy has been demoted to Boat Boy. Teddy and Chick return from Eagle Rock and Chick confronts Fay about Teddy's engagement. She confesses that she knew all along that Teddy was engaged and gives Teddy her ring back. The girls enter in their bathing suits - ready for the Miss Camp Karefree Contest. Gussie, one of the available girls rushes forward and shows Chick that she has no ring on her finger. He asks her out and plans on cheering for her in the contest. Teddy, hurt, decides that she too will enter the contest, in retaliation. Pinky is thrilled to have the chance to put the moves on Teddy ("Summer Afternoon").  Pinky naturally picks Teddy to win the contest. He shows her the gorgeous new dress. In return, she gives him a kiss, and in a jealous fit, Chick pushes Pinky into the pool. Kandel has Chick restrained and threatens to fire him. Pinky delights in watching this happen to Chick and laughs. Teddy, upset at seeing Chick humiliated, pushes Pinky into the pool. Nevertheless, Chick still leaves with Gussie and Teddy watches them go, crying.

Paragraph 31: On 30 May 2013, Arsenal announced that Watt was one of ten young professional players that would be leaving the club when their contracts expire on 30 June. Colchester United assistant manager Mark Kinsella confirmed that the former U's loanee was a target, with the club having already signed his former Arsenal teammate Craig Eastmond. On 28 June, Watt's transfer to Colchester was made permanent, signing a two-year contract with the Essex outfit. Following an injury sustained during a pre-season win against Maldon & Tiptree, Watt made his second debut for Colchester in a League Cup clash with Peterborough United on 6 August, coming on as a substitute for Alex Gilbey on 65 minutes as the U's succumbed to a heavy 5–1 home defeat. He then made his first league start of the season in a 1–0 win against Port Vale four days later. Watt was plagued by a troublesome ankle injury over the first few weeks of the season, and despite using an ice machine in an attempt to heal the issue, he became one of a number of players facing the treatment table as the first-team suffered an injury crisis. He was on the verge of a comeback in early October 2013 following a thigh injury that had kept him out of action, but was dealt a further blow with a quad injury that would rule him out for at least a further six weeks. He returned to training in early December, and finally returned to action on 26 December. He appeared as a substitute during Colchester's biggest win under Joe Dunne, a 4–0 win against Stevenage. Watt bagged an assist for himself in the process, setting up Craig Eastmond with a simple pass 13 minutes from time to round off the scoring. He scored his first goal of the season in an instrumental display against Gillingham on 11 January 2014, securing the opening goal in a 3–0 home victory. In the next match against Carlisle United, he netted a brace in the 4–2 win at Brunton Park on 18 January. Watt was sent off on his birthday for a second bookable offence when the U's visited Swindon Town in a 0–0 draw. The ensuing ban left Watt out of first-team action until 4 March, when he returned for Colchester's home fixture against high-flying Rotherham United. In the match, he hit the bar and had a goal disallowed after Clinton Morrison was judged to have fouled Millers goalkeeper Adam Collin. He ended the 2013–14 campaign with 23 appearances and three goals to his name.

Paragraph 32: Meirelles also made many opponents, who considered him outdated and saw in academic conventions nothing but artificiality and empty rhetoric of meaning for the changing times. If, on the one hand, the Primeira Missa no Brasil got him homages and decorations such as the Order of the Rose, it also gave rise to the first criticisms, precisely because of what would be "excessive imagination" and infidelity to reality. The exhibition of another of his great compositions, Batalha dos Guararapes, alongside the Batalha do Avaí by Pedro Américo, at the Salon of 1879, gave rise to an unprecedented public debate in the Brazilian art scene. It is estimated that around 80 articles have been published on the event, inaugurating a fertile period for the formation of a body of criticism on aesthetics and ideology in Brazil, addressing controversial topics at the time such as nationalism, the role of criticism and the opposition between the avant-gardes and academic tradition. This exhibition also became memorable because it managed to mobilize virtually the entire population of Rio de Janeiro, with 292,286 visits being recorded over a period of 62 days, demonstrating the enormous interest of the general population in the artistic agitation of those days and in nationalist themes. At the time Meirelles heard it all, being called a genius and a master to a fake and incompetent, signaling the moment in which his career begins to decline. It was reflected in him, and with special poignancy due to his personal prominence and his position as a great symbol of academicism, the irresistible advance of the modernist aesthetic, which opposed everything he represented. The criticisms of Gonzaga Duque were mild compared to those of Angelo Agostini, who excelled in sarcasm. Speaking of Batalha dos Guararapes, and responding to the painter’s declaration of intent, he said that everything was false, everything was montage, fantasy and convention, in no way corresponding to the events and feelings that should have taken place in the real conflagration:

Paragraph 33: The history of Brennivín is tied to the history of Iceland. Iceland was settled in the late ninth century by Norwegian and Celtic people. In 1262, Icelanders became subjects of the king of Norway. In 1397, the Kalmar Union between the Nordic countries put Iceland (along with Norway, Greenland, and the Faroe Islands) under the Danish crown. Although beer could not easily survive the ocean journey, malt and honey were freely traded between Scandinavia and Iceland. Icelanders could make their own mead, and, occasionally, beer. But in 1602 the Danish King instituted a trade monopoly, the "Einokunarverslun," in Iceland. Only certain Danish merchants could trade with Iceland, and Icelanders could not trade with anyone else. Mead, beer, honey and malt took up valuable space on the ships. Spirits, however, took up less space, didn't spoil, and could be sold for a much higher price. The distillation techniques of the day (known as "burning") meant that the resulting spirits (known as "burnt wine" or "brann-vin") were often less than appealing. One way to improve the taste was to infuse the spirits with herbs. Even in the harsh climate of Iceland, caraway was available, and used to flavor the shipments of spirits from Denmark. And so, aquavit was born. The trade monopoly ended in 1786, and thirty years later modern distillation techniques made their way to Scandinavia. Of course, by then the taste for various aquavits had already been well established in all the Nordic countries. Cleaner spirits were available, but people still preferred them flavored with herbs. Although the trade monopoly was no more, the Danish Distilling Company had a monopoly on distillation in Denmark and the territories it controlled, including Iceland. Icelanders were forbidden to distill their own spirits. In 1908, a prohibition referendum was passed in Iceland. Starting in 1912 all imports of alcohol would cease. There would be no more beer, no more wine, and no more distilled spirits. Any remaining stocks of alcoholic beverages had to be consumed or destroyed by 1915. In 1918 Iceland regained its independence from Denmark. Absent prohibition, the Danish monopoly on distillation would no longer apply. In 1935, prohibition was partially repealed. Once again spirits would be allowed, but the production, distribution, and sale would be controlled by the now independent government. Beer would remain illegal until March 1, 1989. As the Icelanders were no longer captive to the Danish Distilling Company, they could make whatever they wished. The Icelandic government set up the State Alcohol Company of Iceland, known as the "AVR", which still exists today as the "ATVR". One of the few spirits the AVR decided to produce was caraway-flavored Brennivín. In contrast to the colorful French and Italian spirits labels at the time, the government of Iceland demanded a stark black and white label for the newly legal spirit. The green bottle displayed a white skull on the black label in order to warn against consumption (later replaced by the map of Iceland and a clear bottle). Therefore, it was sometimes called "svarti dauði" (black death). The intention was to be visually unappealing, and limit demand. It didn't work. For decades, Brennivín was the drink of choice for Icelanders and became a pop-culture treasure brought home by travelers. In 2014, it was finally legally imported to America. And by then, Brennivín had practically become a symbol of Iceland itself.

Paragraph 34: The first recorded rulers were the Vogt ministeriales from Weida, Thuringia, who gave the entire Vogtland region its name. In 1281, they officially received the estates as an immediate fief at the hands of King Rudolph I of Germany. Emperor Louis IV elevated them to Princes of the Holy Roman Empire in 1329. Nevertheless, two years later, they sold Aš land to King John of Bohemia, who since 1322 also held the adjacent Egerland in the south. Together with neighbouring Selb and Elster, Aš was enfeoffed to the Freiherren of Neuberg (Podhradí). When in 1394 Konrad von Neuburg died without a male heir, by virtue of Hedwig von Neuburg's marriage to Konrad von Zedtwitz, Aš passed into the control of the noble House of Zedtwitz.

Paragraph 35: Carla supports Peter as he begins a custody battle against Leanne for Simon; he loses in June 2012 and Leanne wins custody. As a result, Peter begins drinking again, splitting up with Carla after a drunken row. Meanwhile, Carla's brother Rob arrives after being released from prison and begins helping her run Underworld. Carla later decides to run away with Peter after he takes Simon without Leanne's consent, however, she can see that Simon would rather be with Leanne, so Peter and Carla then leave without Simon. Carla and Peter return December 2012, just as Leanne is due to fly to Las Vegas to marry Nick. Peter is thrilled to see Simon but after Carla and Leanne get into a physical fight outside the factory, Carla admits she is struggling with being back in Weatherfield; they agree to leave again. However, Peter later admits that he cannot leave Simon again, so Carla leaves for Los Angeles alone. Carla later surprises Peter by returning on Christmas Eve, saying she could not be without him, unaware that Peter has declared his love for Leanne. Carla is furious to learn that Rob has been altering the accounts for the factory. She sacks him and he sets up his own business, stealing Carla's clients and orders. Realising that she cannot beat Rob's tricks to win over her clients, she reluctantly offers him a share of the factory. However, Carla puts him in charge of packing, angering Rob. He gives his ex girlfriend, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford), a job in packing and she convinces him to pretend the van has been robbed whilst transporting expensive material, which they secretly sell on to another company. What Rob and Tracy are unaware of, however, is that Carla knows what they have done and asks a friend to claim to be interested in buying the material. An agreement is reached and Rob takes the material to the chosen location, only to be greeted by Carla and Peter. Tracy is sacked and Rob is forced to sell his share to Carla in return for her not going to the police. Peter's bookies begins to struggle financially. Carla is initially unaware of this, until Michelle tells her about Peter offering risky odds that could potentially bankrupt him. Peter accepts a large bet from Rob, including one that Peter cannot pay when Rob wins. This forces Peter to close his shop and allow Rob and Tracy to set up their own business. Carla gives Peter a share in the factory and he works in the office with her and Michelle, however, this angers Michelle, so she quits.

Paragraph 36: The disagreement dragged on into late 2004. The WCSA consultant's report was complete in October 2004. The authority was due to vote on accepting its consultant's report on October 13, but delayed the vote after Mayor Williams asked for more time to negotiate a solution. The next day, Cropp, supported by the city's hospitality industry, suggested that the old convention center site be used for a $450 million, 1,500-room "convention headquarters hotel" instead of the site (bounded by L Street NW, 9th Street NW, and Massachusetts Avenue NW) favored by the Williams administration. Greg Fazakerley, a local developer and former president of the D.C. Building Industry Association, stepped in at the end of October to assist the two sides in coming to an agreement. The WCSA board delayed a November 4 vote until December. However, it did release its consultant's report, which did not specify a site for construction of the headquarters hotel but did identify six sites to be occupied by hotels of various size as well as financing options for them. On December 3, the WCSA board voted in favor of the Williams site, but said it would continue to study placing a hotel on a triangular plot of land at 901 New York Avenue NW. WCSA said its third option would be to build the hotel on the northeast corner of the old Washington Convention Center site. Although Cropp was unhappy with the WCSA board's action, Williams said the city would move forward on negotiations with the Hines group. William B. Alsup III, head of Washington operations for Hines Interests, said the company could put aside  of the site to build a hotel, even though this would mean sacrificing 428 housing units. Although no formal resolution to the dispute had occurred, Hines Interests released new details in February 2005 about what it envisioned building: Just 772 units of condos and apartments,  of ground-level retail space, now  of office space, and a  public library. With the Federal City Council still pushing for a music museum, the developers said  of land would remain unbuilt until the city decided what would occupy that space. By this time, construction was scheduled to begin in 2008 and end in 2010. In early March 2005, in an attempt to resolve the disagreement, Mayor Williams offered to pay for construction of the new city main library out of the city's revenues from the project, and use the remaining revenue to reinvigorate the city library system as a whole. Williams asked that the Council resolve the dispute over the headquarters hotel quickly, and warned that further delay imperiled the 7,500 temporary construction jobs and more than 5,000 permanent jobs the project could create.

Paragraph 37: Anacrites, who is rather annoyed at being muscled out of his stolen case, sends four men to beat up Falco and Petro. They defeat the bruisers easily and trail them back to Anacrites. Soon afterwards, Julius Frontinus finds and gives over a new hand. It looks the same as the other hands but this one has a wedding ring with two names inscribed (Asinia and Caius). They track down Caius Cicurrus, the widower of Asinia. He is innocent and is greatly grieving for his lost wife. Petro's wife dumped him after he took up with Balbina Milvia from Time to Depart. Milvia's husband Florius sends men to beat up Falco and Petro. Falco, with the help of his trainer Glaucus and Glaucus's trainees, beats off his attackers but Petro has no such help and is heavily injured. Milvia comes to Falco asking him to help her, as she fears that her mother, who has vanished, has been taken by the killer. Falco finds Cornella Flaccida at a new apartment. He goes out to the country but finds no suspects. After continuous reconnaissance he has two problems: First, Claudia Rufina, the heiress from A Dying Light In Corduba and the new fiancee to Helena's brother Aelianus, has vanished, and second, a slave called Thurius has been identified as the murderer. Falco goes out to rescue Claudia and apprehend Thurius. He captures Thurius and finds his lair and his victim. He finds that it's not Claudia, it's Milvia's mother, who vanished again. Unlike Claudia, however, no one liked her enough to send out a search party. Claudia is later found to have eloped with Helena's other brother Justinus, an act that has disastrous consequences. The book ends with Falco telling Petro his wife went out with another man, and later receiving a visit from Anacrites.

Paragraph 38: Outside the Fortress, a massive combined Furide and Beldel and SUS Fleet stands ready and waits for their opponents to arrive for battle. The combined Fleet led by the Yamato and the Amare Flagship warps in, the Yamato deploys its Squadrons of fighters and heavy bombers, both sides starts firing on each other losing ships, the Squadrons of the Yamato faces off with Squadrons from the Beldel Fleet in a massive Dogfight, the Yamato then suffers damage from enemy Fire losing one of its main gun turrets, the ship's Warp Core starts to malfunction but was quickly fixed by the Chief Engineer Saving the Battleship from destruction, as the Battle rages into dangerous close quarters, kodai orders the Yamato To break off and aim for the center with cover for their  squadrons, behind the combined enemy fleet, the SUS space fortress reveals itself from the mist of red clouds, surrounded by 5 massive pillars, Kodai surprised by the size of the fortress, orders Maho the Chief Navigator to analyse the fortress, inside the fortress, Barlsman was disappointed with Metzlar's tactics which he replied by ordering the Fortress Crew to prepare the Neutron Beam Cannons to fire on the Combined Earth and Amare fleet, the crew refuses as Allied ships were on the line of fire but Metzlar forces them to fire, outside the fortress, the 5 pillars are revealed to be the neutron guns, 2 of the pillars deployed its massive Gun barrel and fires a massive surge of neutron energy at the Fleets destroying almost all of the alliance ships, General Pascal orders the Amare Fleet to defend the Yamato the beam destroys the entire Amare Fleet and a large portion of the Escort Fleet, the Flagship of the Amare fleet was severely damaged defending the Battleship from the neutron beam with its shield, on board the burning Amare flagship, a dying Pascal bids the Yamato Good luck, the ship explodes, the bridge crew of the battleship was in total shock that the SUS fired on their own and was not so surprised when the surviving ships of the alliance turns and retreats from the battlefield, inside the fortress Metzlar requests they fire all 5 of the Neutron Guns on the Escort Fleet which Barlsman approves, the other 4 Pillars deploys their gun barrels and fires in unison, the Yamato and her Squadrons managed to escape the beam as they tear through the battlefield destroying the remaining Escort Ships, the Yamato fires a massive barrage on the fortress but they were deflected by its impenetrable shield, kodai orders the squadrons back to the ship, Maho reports to bridge about her findings and reveals to the crew about the inner workings of the space fortress, realising that the 5 pillars are also the shield generators for the fortress, the Yamatos First Officer requests to borrow the Shinano, Yamatos auxiliary ship but kodai refuses but the First Officer deliberately volunteers himself for this which kodai agrees, the Shinano fires a barrage of Wave Motion Missiles but they were ineffective, the Shinano was greeted with a massive barrage of anti air fire from 2 pillars damaging the Shinano, the First Officer already wounded, sacrifices himself and disables the defensive energy shield around the fortress by ramming destroying the Shinano shattering the shield like glass, inside the fortress a fearful Barlsman and Metzlar watch in horror while Kodai gives a Salute, he then orders the Crew to start up the wave motion gun while the fortress aims its Pillars on the Yamato, with the Wave Motion Gun ready, the Yamato unleashes five powerful shots, destroying the pillars revealing a massive sea and the main SUS Fortress sinks.

Paragraph 39: In humans, psychophysical experiments conducted in constant BGN have also implicated the olivocochlear bundle (OCB) in selective listening. The research perhaps most relevant to this thesis has been performed by Scharf and his colleagues. In 1993, Scharf et al. presented data from eight patients who had undergone unilateral vestibular neurectomy to treat Ménière’s disease, a procedure which severs the OCB (presumably both the MOCS and the LOCS). Scharf et al. (1993) did not find any clear differences in subjects’ thresholds to tones in noise before and after surgery. Shortly after this finding, Scharf et al. (1994, 1997) performed a comprehensive set of psychophysical experiments from a total of sixteen patients who had undergone unilateral vestibular neurectomy (including the original eight subjects).  They measured performance in the psychophysical listening tasks before and after surgery, and found no significant difference in performance for (i) detection of tones, (ii) intensity discrimination of tones, (iii) frequency discrimination of tones, (iv) loudness adaptation, and (v) detection of tones in notched-noise. Their only positive finding was that most patients detected unexpected sounds in the operated ear better than in the healthy ear, or the same ear before surgery. This result was obtained using a truncated probe-signal procedure which led the patient to expect a certain frequency on each trial. Twelve subjects completed this experiment. Their procedure was similar to that of Greenberg and Larkin (1968), except only 50% of trials (not 77%) contained a target whose frequency matched that of the auditory cue. The other 50% of trials containing a probe whose frequency differed from that of the cue. Also, only two probe frequencies were used, one whose frequency was higher than the target, and one whose frequency was lower than the target. All trials contained an auditory cue (at the target frequency) prior to the first observation interval. The results were used to construct a basic attentional filter, which displayed detection level of the expected (and cued) target frequency and the two unexpected probe frequencies. From the two published reports (Scharf et al., 1994, 1997), ears for which the OCB has been lesioned showed an attentional filter with an average depth of about 15%-correct less than those ears for which the OCB was intact. Although there is no way to empirically convert this value to dB, a rough estimate based on psychometric functions presented by Green and Swets (1966) yields a value of 2-3 dB. Their results have been summarised in the inset figure.

Paragraph 40: Fisher was selected as an astronaut candidate with NASA Astronaut Group 8, the first group of NASA astronauts to include women, in January 1978. She became the Astronaut Office representative for the development and testing of the Canadarm remote manipulator system and the testing of payload bay door contingency spacewalk procedures. For the first four Space Shuttle missions she was assigned to the search and rescue helicopters supporting the flights. For the next four missions, she was involved in the verification of flight software at the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL), and was a "Cape Crusader"—one of the astronauts who supported vehicle integration and payload testing at Kennedy Space Center. She flew in space on the  on the STS-51-A mission in November 1984, during which she used the Canadarm to retrieve two satellites that had been placed in incorrect orbits.

Paragraph 41: The first proposal to mine the Crandon site was put forth by Exxon in the late 1970s. In the summer of 1975, they had conducted test drilling of 25 electro-magnetic areas, which confirmed that there was indeed a mineral deposit. The Mole Lake community opposed it from the start, which put them at odds with many in nearby towns who hoped that mining jobs would provide steady employment for the depressed region. The Sierra Club, the Wisconsin Resources Protection Council, a non-profit environmental group dedicated to providing information about large scale metallic sulfide mining, and the Mining Impact Coalition, a grassroots organization dedicated to protecting and preserving natural and cultural communities, were among the many groups in opposition to the mine. The proposed mine would be near the headwaters of the Wolf River and environmentalists claimed that there was a high potential for damage to the water quality, as well as the living things that reside in the river. In addition to the negative environmental effects on the Wolf River, the Sokaogon Chippewa, as well as the Menominee, who resided directly downstream from the proposed mine, were facing the potential for their food sources to be contaminated. Already facing an increased threat of illness and health problems because of a cultural diet of fish, deer, and other wildlife already contaminated by industrial pollutants, they faced the risk of having their lands and everything living on them further tainted. As fishing groups became aware of this issue and feared the degradation of their quarry in world-class trout fishing waters, they too joined in opposition of the mine. With an alliance of opposition created, a strong force was rendered. Exxon, after working in the state since 1975 performing environmental assessments and working to be granted a mining permit, withdrew from the permit process in 1986 stating that it was due to "depressed metal prices". Strong local opposition may have also been a factor. By the time they returned in 1994, the alliance of sport fisherman, environmentalists, and Native Americans were waiting in opposition.

Paragraph 42: E. nerine Frr. (= goante H Schaff (37 a, b). The upperside dark black-brown with slight gloss. The red-brown transverse band of the forewing is posteriorly interrupted by the veins, forming 3—4 basally somewhat pointed spots; sometimes the band is continuous, which is nearly always the case in the male. There are 2 white-centred black ocelli anteriorly in the band. The band is interrupted by the veins on the hindwing and bears 3 smaller ocelli. The forewing beneath bright russet-red, darker towards the base, the costal and distal margins being black-brown: the ocelli as above. The hindwing beneath dark brown as far as the centre, this area being bordered by a whitish grey narrow band which is somewhat sinuate near its centre; the ocelli in the lighter distal area are mostly indicated by small black-bordered white dots, which are sometimes absent. The ground-colour of the female is lighter, the band of the forewing broader and russet-yellow, the 2 eyes at the apex larger and usually confluent , there being often two additional smaller ocelli towards the hindmargin. The ocelli placed in the band of the hindwing are also larger and have conspicuous white pupils. The forewing beneath is light russet-yellow, darkened towards the base, the costal and distal margins grey-brown, the apex dusted with white-grey The hindwing beneath white grey irrorated with brown atoms; the white-grey band, which limits the dark basal area, contrasts distinctly. The fringes chequered in the female, the distal margin of the hindwing slightly dentate. In the Central and Southern Alps, northward to the Fern Pass and Scharnitz Valley. — reichlini H Schaff  (= styx Frr.), from the Bavarian Alps, Reichenhall and the Glockner district, is usually somewhat larger than the first described form. The band of the forewing is strongly reduced. The hindwing with 3 small ocelli in russet red spots. — italica Frey from the Alps of Wallis and North Italy, is a transition from nerine towards reichlini. — In stelviana [now synonym of Erebia pluto Curo, from Bormo, the red band of the forewing is continuous, the underside  devoid of ocelli, being paler and basally but indistinctly dusted with white. — morula Esp. from southern slopes of the Eastern Alps, is smaller and darker, the ocelli are but faintly ringed with reddish yellow. Hindwing beneath with the basal half dark brown, the distal area being lighter and bearing 3 white pupils. In South Tirol, Seiser Alp. — nerine flies in various dispersed localities, from the end of June to August in shady places of the forest region up to more than 5000 ft.