Paragraph 1: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 2: After the ladder match, Jimmy Jacobs and the other members of The Age of the Fall attacked the Brothers and hanged Jay upside-down from the apparatus which held up the belts. It was announced that this would not be included in the footage shown on PPV, although it was soon after shown on ROH's video wire and was included with the DVD of the event. After Mark was again injured in a motorcycle accident, though considerably less serious, Jay was alone in a match held at the taping for ROH's fourth PPV, Undeniable. This was an anything goes match against Necro Butcher of the Age of the Fall, which he did not win. On November 30, the Briscoes had a match which was taped to be included in Undeniable, a tag team title defense against Davey Richards and Rocky Romero, which they won. At Final Battle 2007, the Briscoes lost the ROH World Tag Team Championship to Jimmy Jacobs and Tyler Black of The Age of the Fall, but won it back on April 12, 2008, at Injustice, defeating Richards and Romero, who had since won the championship from Jacobs and Black. On April 20, ROH's official website reported that Mark had sustained a wrist injury due to Jacobs stabbing him with his trademark rail spike and stood to miss up to six months. The next day, the company announced that Jay and a partner of his choosing would continue to be recognized as the tag team champions. This partner was later revealed to be Austin Aries. After their successful defense against Jacobs & Black on May 10 at A New Level, the championship was declared vacant. Mark returned to active competition at Northern Navigation on July 25, teaming with Jay and Aries to defeat The Age of the Fall in a no disqualification match. On December 19, 2009, at Final Battle 2009, the Briscoes won the ROH World Tag Team Championship for a record sixth time by defeating The American Wolves (Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards). They went on to lose the championship to The Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) at The Big Bang! pay-per-view on April 3. On August 23, 2010, Ring of Honor announced that the company had signed the Briscoe Brothers to contract extensions. The Briscoe Brothers ended their feud with the Kings of Wrestling on December 18 at Final Battle 2010, where they teamed with their father Mike "Papa" Briscoe in a six-man tag team match, where they defeated Hero, Castagnoli and their manager Shane Hagadorn. On January 25, 2011, Ring of Honor announced that the Briscoe Brothers had signed new contract extensions with the promotion. On March 19 at Manhattan Mayhem IV, the Briscoe Brothers turned heel after suffering an upset loss against the All Night Xpress (Kenny King and Rhett Titus). On September 17 at Death Before Dishonor IX, the All Night Xpress defeated the Briscoe Brothers in a ladder match to become the number one contenders to the ROH World Tag Team Championship. At Final Battle 2011 on December 23, the Briscoes defeated Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the seventh time, turning back to faces in the process. On May 12, 2012, at Border Wars, the Briscoe Brothers lost the title back to Haas and Benjamin. On December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, the Briscoe Brothers defeated S.C.U.M. (Jimmy Jacobs and Steve Corino) and Caprice Coleman and Cedric Alexander in a three-way match to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the eighth time. They lost the title to Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly on March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show.

Paragraph 3: Boileau was born in Calcutta. His father Thomas Boileau had moved to India in 1780 to work at the Supreme Court in Fort William. On his father's side his ancestors were Huguenots from Nîmes. His mother Leah was the daughter of Lt. Col. Ebenezer Jessup from New England. After the death of the father in 1806, the family moved to live in Bury St. Edmunds, England. After studying at the Grammar School, he received a cadetship at the East India Company Military Seminary at Addiscombe in 1819. His brother Henry joined in the next year. He received prizes in mathematics and Hindustani and was gazetted in 1821 and sent for training to Chatham with the Royal Engineers. He reached Calcutta on 22 September 1822 and then on to Kanpur. He was involved in road building at Jabalpur and between Nagpur and Kamptee. In 1826 he became garrison engineer at Agra, designing the St George Church, the jail, a college, and barracks. In 1829 he married Ann, daughter of Captain Hanson, and on the same day, his brother Henry married Ann's sister at St George's Church. Boileau was involved in reconstruction and repair of several Mughal constructions including Jahangir's palace, Fatehpur, and the Taj Mahal. The cost exceeded the estimates and when he wished to leave the East India Company on furlough in 1834, he was asked to pay thirty thousand rupees as outstanding expenses. In 1839, Boileau was assigned to set up a magnetic observatory at Simla after being trained by Professor Humphrey Lloyd of Trinity College, Dublin. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society on 5 March 1840 and later to the Royal Astronomical Society. While at Simla, he also designed the Christ Church and raised funds for its construction. In 1847 he became superintending engineer in the North West Provinces. He then moved to live at Ambala where weekend dinners included flute played by Boileau and piano by his wife Ann. He retired on 4 February 1856 with the rank of Major General, just before the mutiny. The family settled at Notting Hill and he began to work for the wives, widows, and children of soldiers then posted in large numbers in the Crimea. In 1860 he joined the 1st Middlesex Rifle volunteers. Punch magazine depicted a cartoon of him as "Mr Buffles" in 1862. A bust by Thomas Brock is now in the Kensington public library.

Paragraph 4: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 5: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 6: Baião () is a Northeastern Brazilian music genre and dance style based on a syncopated duple meter rhythm, based around the pulse of the zabumba, a flat, double-headed bass drum played with a mallet in one hand and a stick in the other, each striking the opposite head of the drum for alternating high and low notes, frequently accompanied by an accordion and a triangle pattern. The baião rhythm is integral to the genres of forró, repente and coco (or embolada). It is mostly associated with the state of Pernambuco. Baião was popularized via radio in the 1940s, reaching peak popularity in the 1950s.

Paragraph 7: Terrell's Mill was located on the Flint River in Clayton County south of the Atlanta Airport.  Terrell's Mill Road is on the Atlanta area maps; however, the mill is no longer there.  The mill stone was turned by a water turbine.  The mill was built by John Calhoun Terrell and his son Francis Leonard about 1870. The mill was operated the last time around 1942 by Lowell S. Terrell, F. L.'s son. Besides the grist mill, F. L. Terrell operated a saw mill, a syrup mill, a cotton gin, a country store, a farm, and served as justice of the peace.  John C. Terrell built his mill about 1858 which was located on the Flint River approximately where the present Delta Airlines Jet Base is located at the Atlanta Airport. This mill was later known as Stark's Mill on the property of Stark's Dairy.  John C. Terrell moved from Pike County Georgia before 1858 to build a mill for Alexander Lynn Huie north of Pineridge Road in Forest Park on Jesters (Murcheons) Creek.  He married Alexander's daughter, Sarah Elizabeth Huie, in 1858 soon after building Huie's mill and stayed in the area to raise 5 sons and 5 daughters.

Paragraph 8: After the ladder match, Jimmy Jacobs and the other members of The Age of the Fall attacked the Brothers and hanged Jay upside-down from the apparatus which held up the belts. It was announced that this would not be included in the footage shown on PPV, although it was soon after shown on ROH's video wire and was included with the DVD of the event. After Mark was again injured in a motorcycle accident, though considerably less serious, Jay was alone in a match held at the taping for ROH's fourth PPV, Undeniable. This was an anything goes match against Necro Butcher of the Age of the Fall, which he did not win. On November 30, the Briscoes had a match which was taped to be included in Undeniable, a tag team title defense against Davey Richards and Rocky Romero, which they won. At Final Battle 2007, the Briscoes lost the ROH World Tag Team Championship to Jimmy Jacobs and Tyler Black of The Age of the Fall, but won it back on April 12, 2008, at Injustice, defeating Richards and Romero, who had since won the championship from Jacobs and Black. On April 20, ROH's official website reported that Mark had sustained a wrist injury due to Jacobs stabbing him with his trademark rail spike and stood to miss up to six months. The next day, the company announced that Jay and a partner of his choosing would continue to be recognized as the tag team champions. This partner was later revealed to be Austin Aries. After their successful defense against Jacobs & Black on May 10 at A New Level, the championship was declared vacant. Mark returned to active competition at Northern Navigation on July 25, teaming with Jay and Aries to defeat The Age of the Fall in a no disqualification match. On December 19, 2009, at Final Battle 2009, the Briscoes won the ROH World Tag Team Championship for a record sixth time by defeating The American Wolves (Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards). They went on to lose the championship to The Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) at The Big Bang! pay-per-view on April 3. On August 23, 2010, Ring of Honor announced that the company had signed the Briscoe Brothers to contract extensions. The Briscoe Brothers ended their feud with the Kings of Wrestling on December 18 at Final Battle 2010, where they teamed with their father Mike "Papa" Briscoe in a six-man tag team match, where they defeated Hero, Castagnoli and their manager Shane Hagadorn. On January 25, 2011, Ring of Honor announced that the Briscoe Brothers had signed new contract extensions with the promotion. On March 19 at Manhattan Mayhem IV, the Briscoe Brothers turned heel after suffering an upset loss against the All Night Xpress (Kenny King and Rhett Titus). On September 17 at Death Before Dishonor IX, the All Night Xpress defeated the Briscoe Brothers in a ladder match to become the number one contenders to the ROH World Tag Team Championship. At Final Battle 2011 on December 23, the Briscoes defeated Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the seventh time, turning back to faces in the process. On May 12, 2012, at Border Wars, the Briscoe Brothers lost the title back to Haas and Benjamin. On December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, the Briscoe Brothers defeated S.C.U.M. (Jimmy Jacobs and Steve Corino) and Caprice Coleman and Cedric Alexander in a three-way match to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the eighth time. They lost the title to Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly on March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show.

Paragraph 9: Baião () is a Northeastern Brazilian music genre and dance style based on a syncopated duple meter rhythm, based around the pulse of the zabumba, a flat, double-headed bass drum played with a mallet in one hand and a stick in the other, each striking the opposite head of the drum for alternating high and low notes, frequently accompanied by an accordion and a triangle pattern. The baião rhythm is integral to the genres of forró, repente and coco (or embolada). It is mostly associated with the state of Pernambuco. Baião was popularized via radio in the 1940s, reaching peak popularity in the 1950s.

Paragraph 10: After the Blades 2–0 defeat at home to Charlton Athletic on 1 March 2008, Blackwell was critical of his team's performance, describing it as "insipid" and "embarrassing" in an interview on BBC Radio Sheffield. Since then, the team went on a five-game unbeaten run drawing at Ipswich Town and winning four in a row against Plymouth Argyle, Coventry City, Norwich City and Barnsley to improve his chances of landing the job permanently. The 4-match winning streak ended to a 3–1 defeat against Preston North End. The team responded with a 3–0 victory against Leicester City, James Beattie scored his first hat-trick of the club in that game. In his first Sheffield derby as manager, the Blades showed much improved passion levels as they came from 2–0 down against Sheffield Wednesday to draw 2–2 with Beattie scoring a stunning free kick very late in the game to rescue a point. This was followed by a 2–1 victory at Burnley, with another superb Beattie free kick, and a 2–0 victory over Hull when United went down to ten men after skipper Chris Morgan was sent off. In the penultimate game of the season, the Blades won 2–1 against Bristol City with Speed scoring a brace. With one game remaining in the season, United remained in with a chance of making the play offs, a considerable achievement after the Robson era. Sheffield United lost 3–2 on the last day of the season against Southampton and finished ninth, four points off the final playoff place.

Paragraph 11: After the Blades 2–0 defeat at home to Charlton Athletic on 1 March 2008, Blackwell was critical of his team's performance, describing it as "insipid" and "embarrassing" in an interview on BBC Radio Sheffield. Since then, the team went on a five-game unbeaten run drawing at Ipswich Town and winning four in a row against Plymouth Argyle, Coventry City, Norwich City and Barnsley to improve his chances of landing the job permanently. The 4-match winning streak ended to a 3–1 defeat against Preston North End. The team responded with a 3–0 victory against Leicester City, James Beattie scored his first hat-trick of the club in that game. In his first Sheffield derby as manager, the Blades showed much improved passion levels as they came from 2–0 down against Sheffield Wednesday to draw 2–2 with Beattie scoring a stunning free kick very late in the game to rescue a point. This was followed by a 2–1 victory at Burnley, with another superb Beattie free kick, and a 2–0 victory over Hull when United went down to ten men after skipper Chris Morgan was sent off. In the penultimate game of the season, the Blades won 2–1 against Bristol City with Speed scoring a brace. With one game remaining in the season, United remained in with a chance of making the play offs, a considerable achievement after the Robson era. Sheffield United lost 3–2 on the last day of the season against Southampton and finished ninth, four points off the final playoff place.

Paragraph 12: Baião () is a Northeastern Brazilian music genre and dance style based on a syncopated duple meter rhythm, based around the pulse of the zabumba, a flat, double-headed bass drum played with a mallet in one hand and a stick in the other, each striking the opposite head of the drum for alternating high and low notes, frequently accompanied by an accordion and a triangle pattern. The baião rhythm is integral to the genres of forró, repente and coco (or embolada). It is mostly associated with the state of Pernambuco. Baião was popularized via radio in the 1940s, reaching peak popularity in the 1950s.

Paragraph 13: Designed especially for operations in the shoal waters off the coast of Tripoli, Vixen joined Commodore Edward Preble's squadron for duty in the First Barbary War (1801–1805) immediately upon her commissioning. She sailed from Baltimore on 3 August 1803 under the command of Lieutenant John Smith and deployed with the squadron off Gibraltar on 14 September. Commodore Preble dispatched Vixen and the frigate  in October to establish a blockade of Tripoli. However, Vixen soon departed in search of two Tripolitan warships and was not present when Philadelphia grounded and was captured on September 30th. Instead, she carried the dispatches announcing the loss of the frigate and the imprisonment of Captain William Bainbridge, his officers, and crew back to Gibraltar in December.Retribution for this latest action by the Tripoli pirates came swiftly and dramatically. Lt. Stephen Decatur, Jr., boarded and destroyed Philadelphia where she lay in Tripoli harbor on 16 February 1804, and Commodore Preble later followed this up with five heavy bombardments of the pirate state on the 3, 7, 24, and 28 August, and on 3 September. Vixen participated in all these actions, and performed tactical service by helping to coordinate the movements of the various American vessels. While in Malta in 16 October 1804, she was rerigged as a brig, ostensibly to improve her sailing qualities, and was with the squadron, now under Commodore John Rodgers, in actions before Tunis in August 1805. The warship returned to the United States one year later in August 1806, under the command of Master Commandant George Cox.

Paragraph 14: Baião () is a Northeastern Brazilian music genre and dance style based on a syncopated duple meter rhythm, based around the pulse of the zabumba, a flat, double-headed bass drum played with a mallet in one hand and a stick in the other, each striking the opposite head of the drum for alternating high and low notes, frequently accompanied by an accordion and a triangle pattern. The baião rhythm is integral to the genres of forró, repente and coco (or embolada). It is mostly associated with the state of Pernambuco. Baião was popularized via radio in the 1940s, reaching peak popularity in the 1950s.

Paragraph 15: In a discourse, Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the Lubavitch Rebbe, asks where Hasidic thought fits in with Pardes exegesis. Habad is an intellectualist school in Hasidic Judaism, translating the mystical faith of General-Hasidism and the movement's founder into an intellectual Habad articulation. The works of the last Habad leader focus on uniting the different aspects of traditional Jewish thought, exoteric and esoteric, through the Habad explanation. The four levels of Pardes in Kabbalah articulate the Four spiritual Worlds and the four soul levels in Action, Emotion, Understanding and Wisdom. In the discourse he describes General-Hasidism relating through faith to the essence of the soul, the Torah, and God (Hasidic focus on Divine Omnipresence perceived by the soul's essence). In esoteric Kabbalistic terminology this relates to the fifth (highest) primary World of Adam Kadmon, and the above-conscious fifth (highest) soul level of Will (internal aspect: soul-root "Delight"), called in Kabbalah "Yehida-Unity". He describes Habad thought articulating in intellectual grasp the essence-fifth level of Torah exegesis, Hasidut-Yehida not listed above the four levels of PaRDeS because as essence it is not limited to a particular form. Peshat, Remez, Drush and Sod are constrained by their limited disciplines: from Peshat describing material perception to Sod-Kabbalah limited to the esoteric supernal emanations of God. As essence, Hasidic thought, investigated intellectually in Habad, both transcends all four levels of Pardes in its own exegetical explanation, and permeates within the four. Yechida-Essence is revealed through the four levels of Pardes, but not constrained by them. The particular exegeses of PaRDeS become connected together in light of the Hasidic exegesis. In this way, the discourse describes Kabbalah, which gains psychological understanding through Hasidism, being actually a limited esoteric commentary on Hasidism's Yehida-Essence. Kabbalah remains transcendent, while Hasidic thought emphasizes action, as the Atzmut essence of God receives its true revelation in the materiality of creation, the omnipresent divinity related in Hasidic thought.

Paragraph 16: Rick Porcello pitched his third complete game of the season for his 21st win on just 89 pitches. He allowed two runs on four hits and struck out seven. Mookie Betts went deep for the eighth time this season in Camden Yards to give the Red Sox a third inning 2–0 lead. Dustin Pedroia plated Andrew Benintendi and David Ortiz homered for the 35th time to pad the lead to 5–1 in the fifth. In game two, Mookie Betts became the first major league player with 200 hits, 100 RBI and 100 runs scored since Miguel Cabrera won the triple crown in 2012. David Ortiz opened the one-run game wide open with a three-run shot in the seventh. Eduardo Rodríguez bounced back from his performance against the Yankees, and went 6  innings, allowing two runs on 4 hits. The Orioles took a 1–0 lead in game three into the sixth, avoiding two bases loaded situations in the first and fourth inning. In the sixth, Jackie Bradley Jr. struck out with the bases loaded and one out. Sandy León hit a ground ball to Chris Davis at first, but he threw it past the pitcher Brad Brach and two runs scored. On the very next pitch Andrew Benintendi drove the ball out of Camden Yards for his second career home run. Clay Buchholz just allowed the one run on three hits in seven innings and Boston won the season series against Baltimore for the first time since 2011. In the last game of the series, Buck Showalter pulled his ace Chris Tillman after 1  innings. He allowed three runs, including a bases loaded walk to David Ortiz. The O's came back on a three-run shot off of David Price by rookie Trey Mancini in the third. Andrew Benintendi drove in Travis Shaw in the fifth, which was the difference in this game. Hanley Ramírez continued his hot September, with his 29th home run of the season and his 10th in the month, to give the Red Sox some insurance. Price went seven innings and was backed up by Koji Uehara and Craig Kimbrel, who struck out a combined four batters. The Red Sox swept back-to-back four-game series for the first time since July 1 through 7 in 1968, against the Athletics and Twins. Boston went from 2 games back, to start the month, to a 5  game lead over the Blue Jays in the AL East, with only nine games left on the season. They lowered the magic number to clinch the division from 17 to 5 over the past two series.

Paragraph 17:  Gloop and Gleep (both voiced by Don Messick) – Two protoplasmic creatures. They are able to absorb and deflect energy blasts and laser beams, often placing themselves between attackers and other Herculoids to act as shields. They also possess the ability to shape-shift which they have used in numerous ways, including: transforming into cushions, trampolines, or parachutes to break falls; stretching themselves between tree limbs or rocks to act as slingshots; and binding an attacker's limbs to restrain them, or, alternatively, encircling their entire body to squeeze and render them unconscious. They can also each momentarily divide their body mass into separate portions under their full control when necessary until they quickly reunite. Gloop is the larger of the two and Gleep is the smaller.

Paragraph 18: Terrell's Mill was located on the Flint River in Clayton County south of the Atlanta Airport.  Terrell's Mill Road is on the Atlanta area maps; however, the mill is no longer there.  The mill stone was turned by a water turbine.  The mill was built by John Calhoun Terrell and his son Francis Leonard about 1870. The mill was operated the last time around 1942 by Lowell S. Terrell, F. L.'s son. Besides the grist mill, F. L. Terrell operated a saw mill, a syrup mill, a cotton gin, a country store, a farm, and served as justice of the peace.  John C. Terrell built his mill about 1858 which was located on the Flint River approximately where the present Delta Airlines Jet Base is located at the Atlanta Airport. This mill was later known as Stark's Mill on the property of Stark's Dairy.  John C. Terrell moved from Pike County Georgia before 1858 to build a mill for Alexander Lynn Huie north of Pineridge Road in Forest Park on Jesters (Murcheons) Creek.  He married Alexander's daughter, Sarah Elizabeth Huie, in 1858 soon after building Huie's mill and stayed in the area to raise 5 sons and 5 daughters.

Paragraph 19: Boileau was born in Calcutta. His father Thomas Boileau had moved to India in 1780 to work at the Supreme Court in Fort William. On his father's side his ancestors were Huguenots from Nîmes. His mother Leah was the daughter of Lt. Col. Ebenezer Jessup from New England. After the death of the father in 1806, the family moved to live in Bury St. Edmunds, England. After studying at the Grammar School, he received a cadetship at the East India Company Military Seminary at Addiscombe in 1819. His brother Henry joined in the next year. He received prizes in mathematics and Hindustani and was gazetted in 1821 and sent for training to Chatham with the Royal Engineers. He reached Calcutta on 22 September 1822 and then on to Kanpur. He was involved in road building at Jabalpur and between Nagpur and Kamptee. In 1826 he became garrison engineer at Agra, designing the St George Church, the jail, a college, and barracks. In 1829 he married Ann, daughter of Captain Hanson, and on the same day, his brother Henry married Ann's sister at St George's Church. Boileau was involved in reconstruction and repair of several Mughal constructions including Jahangir's palace, Fatehpur, and the Taj Mahal. The cost exceeded the estimates and when he wished to leave the East India Company on furlough in 1834, he was asked to pay thirty thousand rupees as outstanding expenses. In 1839, Boileau was assigned to set up a magnetic observatory at Simla after being trained by Professor Humphrey Lloyd of Trinity College, Dublin. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society on 5 March 1840 and later to the Royal Astronomical Society. While at Simla, he also designed the Christ Church and raised funds for its construction. In 1847 he became superintending engineer in the North West Provinces. He then moved to live at Ambala where weekend dinners included flute played by Boileau and piano by his wife Ann. He retired on 4 February 1856 with the rank of Major General, just before the mutiny. The family settled at Notting Hill and he began to work for the wives, widows, and children of soldiers then posted in large numbers in the Crimea. In 1860 he joined the 1st Middlesex Rifle volunteers. Punch magazine depicted a cartoon of him as "Mr Buffles" in 1862. A bust by Thomas Brock is now in the Kensington public library.

Paragraph 20: Baião () is a Northeastern Brazilian music genre and dance style based on a syncopated duple meter rhythm, based around the pulse of the zabumba, a flat, double-headed bass drum played with a mallet in one hand and a stick in the other, each striking the opposite head of the drum for alternating high and low notes, frequently accompanied by an accordion and a triangle pattern. The baião rhythm is integral to the genres of forró, repente and coco (or embolada). It is mostly associated with the state of Pernambuco. Baião was popularized via radio in the 1940s, reaching peak popularity in the 1950s.

Paragraph 21: After the ladder match, Jimmy Jacobs and the other members of The Age of the Fall attacked the Brothers and hanged Jay upside-down from the apparatus which held up the belts. It was announced that this would not be included in the footage shown on PPV, although it was soon after shown on ROH's video wire and was included with the DVD of the event. After Mark was again injured in a motorcycle accident, though considerably less serious, Jay was alone in a match held at the taping for ROH's fourth PPV, Undeniable. This was an anything goes match against Necro Butcher of the Age of the Fall, which he did not win. On November 30, the Briscoes had a match which was taped to be included in Undeniable, a tag team title defense against Davey Richards and Rocky Romero, which they won. At Final Battle 2007, the Briscoes lost the ROH World Tag Team Championship to Jimmy Jacobs and Tyler Black of The Age of the Fall, but won it back on April 12, 2008, at Injustice, defeating Richards and Romero, who had since won the championship from Jacobs and Black. On April 20, ROH's official website reported that Mark had sustained a wrist injury due to Jacobs stabbing him with his trademark rail spike and stood to miss up to six months. The next day, the company announced that Jay and a partner of his choosing would continue to be recognized as the tag team champions. This partner was later revealed to be Austin Aries. After their successful defense against Jacobs & Black on May 10 at A New Level, the championship was declared vacant. Mark returned to active competition at Northern Navigation on July 25, teaming with Jay and Aries to defeat The Age of the Fall in a no disqualification match. On December 19, 2009, at Final Battle 2009, the Briscoes won the ROH World Tag Team Championship for a record sixth time by defeating The American Wolves (Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards). They went on to lose the championship to The Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) at The Big Bang! pay-per-view on April 3. On August 23, 2010, Ring of Honor announced that the company had signed the Briscoe Brothers to contract extensions. The Briscoe Brothers ended their feud with the Kings of Wrestling on December 18 at Final Battle 2010, where they teamed with their father Mike "Papa" Briscoe in a six-man tag team match, where they defeated Hero, Castagnoli and their manager Shane Hagadorn. On January 25, 2011, Ring of Honor announced that the Briscoe Brothers had signed new contract extensions with the promotion. On March 19 at Manhattan Mayhem IV, the Briscoe Brothers turned heel after suffering an upset loss against the All Night Xpress (Kenny King and Rhett Titus). On September 17 at Death Before Dishonor IX, the All Night Xpress defeated the Briscoe Brothers in a ladder match to become the number one contenders to the ROH World Tag Team Championship. At Final Battle 2011 on December 23, the Briscoes defeated Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the seventh time, turning back to faces in the process. On May 12, 2012, at Border Wars, the Briscoe Brothers lost the title back to Haas and Benjamin. On December 16 at Final Battle 2012: Doomsday, the Briscoe Brothers defeated S.C.U.M. (Jimmy Jacobs and Steve Corino) and Caprice Coleman and Cedric Alexander in a three-way match to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the eighth time. They lost the title to Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly on March 2, 2013, at the 11th Anniversary Show.