Paragraph 1: In 1965, Mézières arranged a working visa through a friend of Jijé's who had a factory in Houston, Texas. In the end, however, he never took up the job in Houston. After staying in New York for a few months, the call of the West proved too strong and eventually he ended up hitchhiking across the country, first to Seattle and then to Montana (where he worked on a ranch driving tractors, laying posts and cleaning stables) before ending up in San Francisco. His initial plan was to find work in an advertising agency in San Francisco but he ran foul of the Immigration Service who told him that his visa was good for working in the factory in Houston and nowhere else. He quickly left San Francisco in search of an authentic "Wild West" cowboy experience. Arriving in Salt Lake City, Utah with no money, he sought out Pierre Christin, who was living there while teaching at the University of Utah, and turned up on his doorstep asking him if he could sleep on his settee. To make ends meet, Mézières produced some illustrations for a small advertising agency in Salt Lake City and for a Mormon children's magazine called Children's Friend as well as selling some photographs he had taken while working on the ranch in Montana. After a few months, he found work on a ranch in Utah: this time succeeding in his aspiration of living the life of a cowboy, an experience he described as "better than in my dreams".

Paragraph 2: At approximately 5:49 am, an 81-car Wisconsin Central train traveling from Stevens Point, Wisconsin, to Neenah, Wisconsin, approached the city of Weyauwega at , traveling on a downward grade. The locomotives and the first 16 cars of the train passed a switch without incident, after which the seventeenth through fifty-third cars behind them derailed at the location of the switch, at 5:49:32 AM.  A subsequent NTSB investigation found the cause of the derailment to be a broken rail within the switch that was the result of an undetected bolt hole fracture.  The derailed cars included seven tank cars of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), seven tank cars of propane and two tank cars of sodium hydroxide. The derailment ruptured three of the tank cars, spilling both LPG and propane, which immediately ignited. The conductor of the train cut the train after the first nine cars, and proceeded onward .

Paragraph 3: On 5 December 2018 a federal jury in New York City convicted Chi Ping Patrick Ho of paying bribes to top Ugandan officials Sam Kutesa and Yoweri Museveni. In May 2016, Ho and CEFC China executives traveled to Kampala.  Before departing, Ho ensured that $500,000 was wired to the account provided by Kutesa.  Ho also advised his boss, the Chairman of CEFC China, to provide $500,000 in cash to President Museveni, supposedly as a campaign donation, even though Museveni had already been reelected.  Ho intended these payments as bribes to influence Kutesa and Museveni to use their official power to steer business advantages to CEFC China.

Paragraph 4: Many Taoist followers worship bodhisattva as well as Taoism and Buddhism have traditionally enjoyed a peaceful coexistence, thereby leading to obscured delineation between the two religions. Subsequently, with the rise of Buddhist activists in the 1980s, the pool of faithful who worship both Taoist deities and Buddha realigned to declare themselves as Buddhists even if they were primarily worshipping Taoist deities (defined as families which worship Taoist deities at home). This led to a statistical decline in the Taoist population in Singapore. However, any attempt to deny Taoism its right as a religion of its own is dubious owing to the substantially growing and unreported numbers of youngsters embracing the faith.

Paragraph 5: As described in a film magazine, Bill Bear (Dix), a cotton broker's clerk in the Mississippi river town of Cottonia, is in love with a chorus girl named Poppy (Chadwick). He learns that his crabbed employer Fraser (Lewis) is attempting to corner the market and uses this knowledge to enter into a partnership with Fraser's enemy Swift (Steppling). They grow rich and Bill becomes engaged to Swift's daughter. On the day of the wedding, however, Bill, Poppy, Fraser, Swift, a street preacher with a taste for alcohol, a plain drunk (King), stranded Swedish engineer Nordling (Orlamond), an out-at-elbows actor, corporate lawyer Sharpe (Davies), saloon keeper Stratton (Walling), and a bartender are imprisoned in Stratton's cafe by a sudden flood. The Stratton had water-tight doors and shutters installed on his cafe due to a previous flood, and these are shut. The electric lights, telephone, and market price ticker are soon cut off. Nordling figures that they have twenty hours before the oxygen in the air will become exhausted and cause their lingering death. With candles lit and the air becoming more difficult to breath, street preacher O'Neill (Kirkwood) tells them that the last day has come and exhorts them to repentance. They join hands in a circle. Fraser forgives Fill and Swift for their efforts to ruin him financially. O'Neill discovers in attorney Sharpe the man who stole his wife and drove the preacher from his pulpit to the street, and in the presence of death he forgives him. Sharpe admits that he bribed the contractor building the levee that has burst and flooded the city to use faulty material. Bill finds his love for Poppy returning and they agree to meet death in each other's arms. The bartender admits to taking money from the till while his employer admits to underpaying him. Stratton brings out his choicest wine and invites all to partake. With the candle flame becoming feeble and the prisoners having more difficulty in breathing, they decide to bring death more quickly by opening the doors and letting in the water. When the doors are forced open, sunlight bursts into the room. It is found that the freak flood has diminished and Cottonia is resuming its normal business life. The market ticker starts up, and Fraser sees that Swift and Bill are still hammering him on the cotton exchange, causing his bitter enmity to return. Stratton demands that his guests pay him for the wine he provided and tells the bartender that he will dock his pay until the money taken from the till is paid. The bartender throws out the drunk, the Swedish engineer, and broken down actor, and preacher O'Neill again surrenders to his appetite for alcohol. Bill has ignored Poppy as he watches the market ticker, but, when he sees her accosted on the street by a man inviting her to have a drink, he rushes forward to grab her to take her to the license bureau. The experience with the flood has taught him to value Poppy's love and to see the mistake he was about to make in marrying his partner's daughter.

Paragraph 6: Originally, post-grunge was a label that was meant to be almost pejorative, suggesting that grunge bands labelled as  were simply musically derivative, or a cynical response to an "authentic" rock movement. When grunge became a mainstream genre because of bands such as Nirvana and Pearl Jam, record labels started signing bands that sounded similar to these bands' sonic identities. Bands labeled as  that emerged when grunge was mainstream such as Bush, Candlebox and Collective Soul are all noted for emulating the sound of bands that launched grunge into the mainstream. According to Tim Grierson of About.com, the almost pejorative use of the "post-grunge" label to describe these bands was "suggesting that rather than being a musical movement in their own right, they were just a calculated, cynical response to a legitimate stylistic shift in rock music". During the late 1990s, post-grunge morphed, becoming a derivative of grunge that combined characteristics of grunge with a more commercially accessible tone. During this time, post-grunge bands such as Creed and Nickelback emerged. Grierson wrote:  Grierson also wrote, "Post-grunge was a profitable musical style, but bands like Nirvana and Pearl Jam were beloved partly because of their perceived integrity in avoiding the mainstream. Post-grunge, by comparison, seemed to exist in order to court that very audience."

Paragraph 7: Starting from their characters' Headstones, players take it in turns to roll the dice and move clockwise around the board and can choose to roll one or two dice each time. Whenever the Gatekeeper appears on-screen, all players must stop, listen and do exactly what he says (e.g. when the Gatekeeper asks whose turn it is, they must answer with "Yes, my Gatekeeper"); failure to do so will result in punishment (a player must end their turn if they're in the middle of one when the Gatekeeper appears). Players start collecting keys by either landing on a space marked with a key on the game board or taking them from other players by duels. Players must collect all six different color keys, placing any keys they have in their rack facing towards them to hide the colors from opponents. Although players only need one key per color, players can collect more which prevent other players from completing the game. Should the Gatekeeper tell a player to take a key, they must take it from the realm they are in unless instructed otherwise. A Black Key is also on the board and must be avoided, otherwise the player who picks it up is "cursed" and unable to win the game as long as it's in their possession, even if they have one key of each color. Players can get rid of the Black Key by passing it on to another player when their pieces both occupy the same space or try to lose it in a duel. If a player lands on their own Headstone, they can earn a key from their realm by roling their own key rack number on the die; likewise, if an opponent lands on it, the player can take a key from that opponent by rolling their number. During the game players may come across objects to either make the game harder or easier, these include flight, dueling, black holes, Fate cards and Time cards. Flight allows players to travel from one flight stone on the game board to another unoccupied flight stone. Dueling allows players to duel other players to steal one of the players' keys, as long as the two players have keys of their own. A player can either be banished to a Black Hole by the Gatekeeper or stumble into one on the game board, temporarily rendering them unable to play. Players are only released from a Black Hole either by the Gatekeeper, having a Fate or Time card that releases them, trying to get their number on a dice roll each time their turn comes around or having possession of their corresponding colored key. In each case, a player must still move to a nearby Black Hole and wait for their next turn before being released. Fate cards are cards with instructions which the player must follow. The Gatekeeper will require a player to pick up a Fate card during the game. Just like Fate cards, Time cards have instructions which the player must follow, but players only carry out these instructions at a certain time in the game as defined on the card. The inner track (which is the only place on the board that players can travel in both directions) can be used at any time as a shortcut, though punishment will come to players if the Gatekeeper catches them there without six keys.

Paragraph 8: On 12 June, Real Madrid named Julen Lopetegui, the head coach of the Spain national team, as their new manager. It was announced that he would officially begin his managerial duties after the 2018 FIFA World Cup. However, the Spain national team sacked Lopetegui a day prior to the tournament, stating that he had negotiated terms with the club without informing them. The club then began aggressively re-shaping the squad in the summer of 2018, which included the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Juventus for a reported €117 million. Madrid began their 2018–19 campaign by losing to Atlético Madrid 2–4 a.e.t. in the 2018 UEFA Super Cup. After a disgraceful 1–5 loss to Barcelona in El Clásico on 28 October which left Real Madrid in the ninth place with only 14 points after 10 games, Lopetegui was dismissed a day later and replaced by then Castilla coach, Santiago Solari. On 22 December 2018, Real Madrid beat Al Ain by a 4–1 margin in the FIFA Club World Cup final. With their win, Real Madrid became the outright record winners of the Club World Cup with four titles. They are considered to have been the world champions for grand total of seven times because FIFA officially recognizes the Intercontinental Cup as the predecessor of the FIFA Club World Cup. They also extended the record for most consecutive titles with their third in a row. Solari won 10 out his first 13 La Liga matches, but the team started to struggle again soon after that. First, they were knocked out of the Copa del Rey at the semi-final stage by Barcelona, losing 0–3 at home on 27 February 2019 after a 1–1 away draw in the first leg. Then there was another El Clásico a few days later, this time in the league, and Madrid against lost a home game to Barça, 0–1. Finally, on 5 March 2019, Real was thumped by Ajax 1–4 (3–5 on aggregate) in a home game, crashing out of the Champions League at the round of 16 stage after eight consecutive semi-finals appearances. On 11 March 2019, Real Madrid dismissed Solari and reinstated Zidane as the head coach of the club. Madrid went on to win five, draw two and lose four remaining league matches under Zidane, finishing third with 68 points, 12 losses and a +17 goal difference, making it Real's worst points total since 2001–02 and worst goal difference since 1999–2000. The club won one out of five possible trophies in one of the most disastrous seasons in its modern history.

Paragraph 9: He was born in Fes and studied at the University of Al-Qarawiyyin. His father was a Judge (Qadi) as well as his uncle Abdallah Al-Fassi (1871-1930) who was in charge of his education. For many years, his professor and mentor was Abdeslam Serghini. He started his anti-French political activities very early on in 1926, immediately after joining the University of Al-Qarawiyyin, which would lead to his expulsion from the university in 1927, and banishment from the city of Fes by the French colonial administration who decided to confine him in Taza. He finished his studies at the Zawiya Nassiriya, a Zawiya historically known for its intellectual potency and hostility to European invasions of Morocco. In 1931, he was allowed back to Fes, and he again picked up his political agitations in the city, and started campaigning and giving nationalistic speeches which gathered success and emotions amongst the masses who admired his eloquence. This prompted the French to exile him again in 1933, this time to Geneva where he met the Lebanese political leader Shakib Arslan, and would assist him in his historical works on the Maghreb region. Arsalan, already in contact with young Moroccan nationalists in Switzerland such as the future PM Ahmed Balafrej, mentored him in political organization, and introduced him to many political contacts, and also publicized his name in his various journalistic articles and correspondences. Allal came back to Morocco in 1934, and founded the kutlat al-'amal al-watani , Comité d'Action Marocaine (CAM) and the first Moroccan-led workers' union in 1936, and in December of that year officially petitioned the French Colonial Residence in Rabat demanding a number of reforms. This led the French authorities to decide to disband and persecute the members of his political organization, and in 1937, exiled him to the small town of Port-Gentil in Gabon where he would remain for the next nine years until 1946, receiving very little information about the affairs of the outside world during that period.

Paragraph 10: Born in Prague, Baarová studied acting at the city's Conservatory and received her first film role in the Czechoslovak film Pavel Čamrda's Career (Kariéra Pavla Čamrdy) at the age of 17. Her mother sang in a choir and appeared in several theatre plays; her younger sister, Zorka Janů (1921–1946), also became a film actress. In 1934, Baarová left Prague for Berlin after winning a contest at the UFA film studios for a role in the film Barcarole. She met Adolf Hitler that year and he told her, "You look like someone who played a major role in my life, a very significant role". Hitler was referring to his niece, Geli Raubal.

Paragraph 11: In Lithuania, the pantler's position emerged in the late 15th century, comparatively later than Maršalka, Treasurer, and Cup-bearer, with the first Grand Pantler of Lithuania, , being known from 1475. Initially, the pantler's took care of the Grand Duke's food warehouses, distribution of food, his manor's parks, gardens, ponds, and villages assigned to the estates. However, in the late 16th century, the position becoming purely ceremonial and the individual was charged with serving the Grand Duke at the table only during feasts. It was the sons of Lithuanian nobility that began their service in the ruler's court who were assigned the role of the pantler. Between the 16th and 18th centuries, the pantlers came from various families such as Alšėniškiai, Kęsgaila, , Hlebavičiai, Chodkevičiai, Radvila, Sapiega and others. Stanisław August Poniatowski was the Pantler of Lithuania from 1755 to 1764, while the last one from 1764 to 1795 was Józef Klemens Czartoryski.

Paragraph 12: Woodface is the third studio album by New Zealand-Australian band Crowded House. The album was produced by Mitchell Froom and Neil Finn and was released by Capitol in July 1991. It features five singles "Chocolate Cake", "Fall at Your Feet", "It's Only Natural", "Weather with You", and "Four Seasons in One Day". Woodface was a major hit in Australia and New Zealand as well as giving the band their first top ten hit album in the UK. It was listed at No. 3 in the book 100 Best Australian Albums in October 2010. It was voted number 80 in the third edition of Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums (2000).

Paragraph 13: Woodface is the third studio album by New Zealand-Australian band Crowded House. The album was produced by Mitchell Froom and Neil Finn and was released by Capitol in July 1991. It features five singles "Chocolate Cake", "Fall at Your Feet", "It's Only Natural", "Weather with You", and "Four Seasons in One Day". Woodface was a major hit in Australia and New Zealand as well as giving the band their first top ten hit album in the UK. It was listed at No. 3 in the book 100 Best Australian Albums in October 2010. It was voted number 80 in the third edition of Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums (2000).

Paragraph 14: Max tracks down Stacey to a flat where Stacey explains that she was angry at Archie and was worried about what Bradley would do to him after he found out about the baby. A minute after Bradley confronted Archie, she found Archie on the floor and, lucid and angered at what he had done to her and to Danielle, pushed the bust onto his head, but ran after his fingers twitched, fearing he would call the police. Stacey reveals that she did not initially tell Bradley the truth about what she did that night, fearing that he would take the blame for her. When she finally told him while they were packing on their wedding night, she offered to confess to the police herself, but he convinced her to flee Walford with him regardless. After forcibly trying to make her confess to the police, Max eventually tells Stacey that no one else needs to know that she killed Archie, reasoning that Bradley would want her to be happy, and sends her home. Becca continues to live with Stacey, and tries to exclude Stacey's mother Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) from her life. However, when Jean reveals Becca's involvement in Bradley's death, Stacey slaps Becca, which causes her to have a meltdown leading to getting kicked out by Jean as Stacey tells her mother she can trust her again. Later, Stacey figures out that Ryan must be her baby's father but decides not to tell him so as to not complicate his rekindled relationship with Janine, even when he is with her in the hospital as she gives birth to her daughter Lily. Several months later, at Janine and Ryan's wedding reception, Stacey confesses her fear about Archie still being alive to Peggy, who tells Stacey that Archie is dead and that Bradley killed him, accidentally causing Stacey to confess the truth to her. Peggy wants to call the police but after a fire at The Queen Victoria, Peggy tries to convince Stacey to admit to arson as the sentence would be a lot less than that for murder. She leaves Walford while letting Stacey take care of Lily who needs her. Stacey also tells Ryan that he is Lily's father, and although he initially refuses to acknowledge her, he later bonds with her and gets used to the idea of being a father while Janine and Stacey are arrested on a night out. Upset with this, Janine attempts to sabotage his relationship with Stacey, but her actions inadvertently cause them to realise their growing attraction to each other.

Paragraph 15: On 5 December 2018 a federal jury in New York City convicted Chi Ping Patrick Ho of paying bribes to top Ugandan officials Sam Kutesa and Yoweri Museveni. In May 2016, Ho and CEFC China executives traveled to Kampala.  Before departing, Ho ensured that $500,000 was wired to the account provided by Kutesa.  Ho also advised his boss, the Chairman of CEFC China, to provide $500,000 in cash to President Museveni, supposedly as a campaign donation, even though Museveni had already been reelected.  Ho intended these payments as bribes to influence Kutesa and Museveni to use their official power to steer business advantages to CEFC China.

Paragraph 16: One of the earliest vestiges of South African attire was traced back to around 2000 years ago when Middle Paleolithic population' descendants, the Khoisan, settled in Cape Peninsula in the south-western extremity of the African continent. These people were divided into 2 groups which were the San whose life depended heavily on hunting and gathering, and the Khoikoi who were pastoral herders. Without the contacts with foreigners, garments and cloth were unavailable for them to import. Instead, these early settlers altered available resources such as game and domestic animals' softened skin, and sometimes, plants and ostrich eggshell for attire making. In addition to these sources, the introduction of metal also gave them more choices for fashion. The arrival of the Khoisan people were followed shortly after by groups of Bantu-speaking people, who, through the Bantu expansion, ended up with conflict and occupied the land of the Khoisan people, forcing them into dispersion and absorption into the Bantu-speaking community. The settlement of Bantu-speaking people resulted in the formation of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe, from 900 to 1300 A.D., that flourished with trades from other foregin regions for gold and ivory in the exchange of clothes, glass bead and Chineses porcelain. Bantu-speaking's inhabitants in South Africa also lead to the derivation of nowadays main groups of people in South Africa which are the Nguni speaking people includes four smaller groups (Zulu, Xhosa, Swazi, Ndebele). The other groups of people in South Africa are the Sotho-Tswana peoples (Tswana, Pedi, and Sotho), while with the group of people in the north-eastern areas of present-day South Africa who are Venda, Lemba, and Tsonga. All of these groups of people, share the common home of South Africa, have for themselves distinctive languages and culture .

Paragraph 17:  Type 63A - Improved Type 63-II. It was specially designed to suit the needs of the marines. Unlike the original Type 63 which was mainly intended for river-crossing operations at inland rivers and lakes, the Type 63A can be launched from amphibious warfare ships 5 – 7 km offshore and travel to the shore with the speed of 28 km/h (which was accomplished thanks to the new engine and redesigned water jet system). It has a new diesel engine developing 581 hp (433 kW) and computerized fire control system which gives it the capacity to shoot while it is on the move on land and on water. Type 63A has a redesigned welded turret with four smoke grenade dischargers on each side of the turret, a stowage bucket in the rear of the turret and two stowage buckets on the sides of the turret. The turret was armed with 105 mm rifled gun instead of the original 85 mm Type 62-85TC rifled gun. It is similar to those that are fitted on the Type 59-II, Type 59D, Type 69 and Type 80 main battle tanks but with reduced recoil force for firing while the vehicle is swimming. It is capable of firing all types of modern tank rounds, such as armour piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot (APFSDS), HEAT and HE. It also has two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) that provide better stability while in water, an improved snorkel fitting and three water inlets on either side of the hull. The tank also has side skirts protecting the tracks. To allow the tank to fire accurately while in water the 105 mm was given the ability to shoot laser-beam guided ATGM. The PRC has developed a 105 mm gun-launched ATGM based on the Russian 9M117 Bastion technology. The missile has a maximum firing range of 4,000 m - 5,000 m, with a single hit probability of over 90% against static targets. The ATGM can also be used to engage low-flying helicopters. The new fire control system includes a digital fire-control computer, integrated commander sight with laser rangefinder input, and light spot or image-stabilized gunner sight with passive night vision. The standard night vision is an image intensifier. Alternatively the gunner sight can be fitted with a thermal imager night vision with a maximum range of 2,100 meters. The tank is also equipped with the satellite positioning (GPS/GLONASS) system so that it can easily locate the correct landing coordinates in all kinds of weather and at day or night conditions. Because of the additional equipment the weight of the vehicle has increased to 22 tonnes and because of the two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) and the longer gun, the overall length of the vehicle has increased to 9.6 meters. The Type 63A was designed because of continuing tension with Taiwan and as such it can face Taiwanese M48 and M60 Patton main battle tanks when it has the upper hand. While its thin armour is still a rather big issue the Type 63A has the ability to attack its targets before being directly engaged by using ATGMs. It entered service in 1997. The industrial designator is WZ213. It is also known as Type 63M, Type 99 and ZTS-63A.

Paragraph 18: On 12 June, Real Madrid named Julen Lopetegui, the head coach of the Spain national team, as their new manager. It was announced that he would officially begin his managerial duties after the 2018 FIFA World Cup. However, the Spain national team sacked Lopetegui a day prior to the tournament, stating that he had negotiated terms with the club without informing them. The club then began aggressively re-shaping the squad in the summer of 2018, which included the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Juventus for a reported €117 million. Madrid began their 2018–19 campaign by losing to Atlético Madrid 2–4 a.e.t. in the 2018 UEFA Super Cup. After a disgraceful 1–5 loss to Barcelona in El Clásico on 28 October which left Real Madrid in the ninth place with only 14 points after 10 games, Lopetegui was dismissed a day later and replaced by then Castilla coach, Santiago Solari. On 22 December 2018, Real Madrid beat Al Ain by a 4–1 margin in the FIFA Club World Cup final. With their win, Real Madrid became the outright record winners of the Club World Cup with four titles. They are considered to have been the world champions for grand total of seven times because FIFA officially recognizes the Intercontinental Cup as the predecessor of the FIFA Club World Cup. They also extended the record for most consecutive titles with their third in a row. Solari won 10 out his first 13 La Liga matches, but the team started to struggle again soon after that. First, they were knocked out of the Copa del Rey at the semi-final stage by Barcelona, losing 0–3 at home on 27 February 2019 after a 1–1 away draw in the first leg. Then there was another El Clásico a few days later, this time in the league, and Madrid against lost a home game to Barça, 0–1. Finally, on 5 March 2019, Real was thumped by Ajax 1–4 (3–5 on aggregate) in a home game, crashing out of the Champions League at the round of 16 stage after eight consecutive semi-finals appearances. On 11 March 2019, Real Madrid dismissed Solari and reinstated Zidane as the head coach of the club. Madrid went on to win five, draw two and lose four remaining league matches under Zidane, finishing third with 68 points, 12 losses and a +17 goal difference, making it Real's worst points total since 2001–02 and worst goal difference since 1999–2000. The club won one out of five possible trophies in one of the most disastrous seasons in its modern history.

Paragraph 19: During the reign of Maximilian I, the emperor ("an arch-publicist and mythmaker", according to Helen Watanabe-O'Kelly) and his humanists reinvented Germania as the Mother of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation. She was now not subordinate to imperial power and other figures any more. Rather, she reflected the self-image of Maximilian and took a central role in his Triumphal Procession (Maximilian died before this project was completed though. When it was first printed in 1526 by Archduke Ferdinand, the future emperor, she disappeared.) She was pacific, yet virile, and as the emperor personally dictated, with her hair loose and wearing a crown. She was presented as Mother, Sovereign Lady (Herrscherin), the Empire and the Birthland, as well as embodiment of Imperial rulership. The humanist Heinrich Bebel also spread a story about his dream, in which Germania told him to talk to her son (Maximilian). Colvin and Watanabe-O'Kelly opine that during the Early Modern period, the virtues incorporated into the German identity (ethnic purity, fertility. liberty, loyalty, morality, together with virtus and fortitudo as described by Tacitus through the image of Germania were for the Adelsnation (aristocracy) only, relying on a 1519 document that called on the princes and counts (presented as sons of Germania and dedicated to Mars) to support the "German candidate", who would become Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor (although at that point he could not speak German and had never set foot in Germany) against the French king Francis I. Brandt presents a more complicated image: while all major social groups considered the nation as "the framework for political order", the emperor used the image of the nation as his imperial claim to power (opposing the estates and the pope) ruling over all members of the nation, for the Protestant patriots, the emperors and princes were equally subordinate to the godly mother of the empire. 

Paragraph 20: Emperor Suzong was impressed with Fang's fervor for the restoration of Tang authority and gave him the most responsibility, and he followed Fang's recommendations in not executing the generals Wang Sili (王思禮) and Lü Chongbi (呂崇賁), who were part of the Tang army defeated at Tong Pass prior to An Lushan's approach on Chang'an.  However, it was said that Fang favored big talkers and injected his own likes and dislikes into personnel decisions.  This came to Emperor Suzong's attention when Emperor Suzong had decreed that the official Helan Jinming (賀蘭進明) should be made the governor of Nanhai Commandery (南海, roughly modern Guangzhou, Guangdong) and military governor of Lingnan Circuit (headquartered in Guangzhou), and be given an honorary title as chief imperial censor—but Fang instead announced that Helan would be given the honorary title as acting chief imperial censor.  When Helan brought this to Emperor Suzong's attention, and further intimated that a decree that Emperor Xuanzong had issued before he became aware that Emperor Suzong had assumed imperial title—commissioning Emperor Suzong and several brothers of his with military commands independent of each other—was intended to allow any of Emperor Xuanzong's sons to be successful and thank him for the commission.  Emperor Suzong thus began to distance himself from Fang.  Fang, realizing this, requested that he be commissioned to lead an army to recapture Chang'an, hoping to regain imperial favor by battlefield success.  Emperor Suzong agreed and further allowed him to select his own staff members.  Fang selected such friends as Wang Sili, Deng Jingshan (鄧景山), Li Ji (李揖), and Liu Zhi to serve on his staff, entrusting the strategies to Li Ji and Liu—despite the fact that neither was learned in military matters, going as far as stating, "Even though the rebels have many strong men, none can rival my Liu Zhi."  He divided his army into three groups and approached Chang'an, and once he was engaging Yan forces there, he used an ancient tactic from the Spring and Autumn period—putting cattle-drawn wagons in the center and cavalry and infantry on the side.  Yan forces responded by beating its drums, terrorizing the cattle, and then setting fire on the wagons.  This caused a general panic in both the cattle and the Tang soldiers, causing more than 40,000 casualties.  Fang led a counterattack, which was also defeated.  However, at the urging of Emperor Suzong's trusted advisor Li Mi, Fang was not punished.

Paragraph 21: On the afternoon of 19 May 2016, Ginola was playing a charity football match at the home of Jean-Stéphane Camerini (the organiser of the Mapauto Golf Cup) in Mandelieu-la-Napoule in the southeast of France when he suddenly collapsed due to cardiac arrest and then fell into a coma. He was administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the pitch by fellow footballer Frédéric Mendy. Minutes later, a team of medics who had arrived in an ambulance used a defibrillator on him; it took five shocks from the machine to restore normal heart rhythm within 10 minutes. Ginola was airlifted minutes later by a helicopter to the Cardiothoracic Center of Monaco 40 km northeast of Mandelieu, where he underwent an immediate, six-hour, operation. Professor Gilles Dreyfus, who operated on Ginola, said that were it not for Mendy who administered CPR on him he would be dead, or have suffered permanent brain damage. Dreyfus said that Ginola had "very complicated coronary lesions " which required the quadruple heart bypass operation to be performed. The morning after being admitted to the hospital, Ginola woke up "perfectly normally" with no neurological damage and was "recovering well." Prof Dreyfus said Ginola was "very lucky to be alive". On 30 May 2016, Ginola was discharged from hospital and returned home, thanking people on Twitter for their "incredible messages of love and affection".

Paragraph 22: A prominent temple in the Edakkad grama panchayat is the Sree Oorpazhachi Kavu (Ooril Pazhakiya Eachil Kavu or Ooril Pazhakiya Achi Kavu) situated at Nadal. The name of this temple renders itself to two etymological interpretations. The former meaning pazhakiya (ancient) kavu (grove) surrounded by Eachil (a herb) and the latter meaning pazhakiya (ancient) achi (mother goddess) kavu (grove). Irrespective of the interpretation of Oorpazachi Kavu, it is the presence of this temple at Edakkad that imparts historical significance to the area. One finds reference to this famous temple in the Malabar Manual by William Logan, the British collector of Malabar. The main deity at Oorpazhachikavu is Oorpazhachi Dhaivam  locally known as 'dhaivathareeswaran' who was the deified feudal Nair warrior 'Meloor Dayarappan'. North Malabar Folklore has in its collection of traditional songs described the ferocity of Meloor Dayarappan as the 'veeran' [hero] who had killed sixty four within the age of thirtysix including his teacher who beat him during teaching even when Meloor Dayarappan was a boy. The lengthy lore known as 'Oorpazhachi Thottam' further narrates that Meloor Dayarappan with his dearest friend Vettakorumakan and twelve thousand friends resided at Oorpazhachi Kaav where Meloor Dayarappan ruled as a kshathriya king for twelve years over a territory extending from ancient Kannur to Wayanad.Meloor dayarappan, Khshethrapalan, Veerabhadran, and Vettakorumakan were deified nair warriors who were friends. They occupy place among   the thirty five important 'Theyyams' known collectively as 'Muppathaivar' [The thirtyfive] in the Theyyam FolkLore of northernmost Malabar.   The Folklore scholars C M S Chanthera, Professor Vishnu namboothiri, the famous Theyyam performer Manakkadan Gurikkal has written about this Deity and on the lengthy and extensive 'OorpazhachiThottam'. according to Professor K.K.N. Kurupp Vice-Chancellor Calicut university 'Oorpazhachi Dhaivam' presided over 18000 sthanams [seats] in Kolathunaad alone. Dr.Sanjeevan Azhikode son of C M S Chanthera also has done extensive study of caste connotations in the Theyyam ambit and states that the title as 'The ruling warrior' was conferred on Meloor Dayarappan by the rulers of 'Nediyirippu swaroopam'known later as the  Zamorins of calicut area.

Paragraph 23: At approximately 5:49 am, an 81-car Wisconsin Central train traveling from Stevens Point, Wisconsin, to Neenah, Wisconsin, approached the city of Weyauwega at , traveling on a downward grade. The locomotives and the first 16 cars of the train passed a switch without incident, after which the seventeenth through fifty-third cars behind them derailed at the location of the switch, at 5:49:32 AM.  A subsequent NTSB investigation found the cause of the derailment to be a broken rail within the switch that was the result of an undetected bolt hole fracture.  The derailed cars included seven tank cars of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), seven tank cars of propane and two tank cars of sodium hydroxide. The derailment ruptured three of the tank cars, spilling both LPG and propane, which immediately ignited. The conductor of the train cut the train after the first nine cars, and proceeded onward .

Paragraph 24: A prominent temple in the Edakkad grama panchayat is the Sree Oorpazhachi Kavu (Ooril Pazhakiya Eachil Kavu or Ooril Pazhakiya Achi Kavu) situated at Nadal. The name of this temple renders itself to two etymological interpretations. The former meaning pazhakiya (ancient) kavu (grove) surrounded by Eachil (a herb) and the latter meaning pazhakiya (ancient) achi (mother goddess) kavu (grove). Irrespective of the interpretation of Oorpazachi Kavu, it is the presence of this temple at Edakkad that imparts historical significance to the area. One finds reference to this famous temple in the Malabar Manual by William Logan, the British collector of Malabar. The main deity at Oorpazhachikavu is Oorpazhachi Dhaivam  locally known as 'dhaivathareeswaran' who was the deified feudal Nair warrior 'Meloor Dayarappan'. North Malabar Folklore has in its collection of traditional songs described the ferocity of Meloor Dayarappan as the 'veeran' [hero] who had killed sixty four within the age of thirtysix including his teacher who beat him during teaching even when Meloor Dayarappan was a boy. The lengthy lore known as 'Oorpazhachi Thottam' further narrates that Meloor Dayarappan with his dearest friend Vettakorumakan and twelve thousand friends resided at Oorpazhachi Kaav where Meloor Dayarappan ruled as a kshathriya king for twelve years over a territory extending from ancient Kannur to Wayanad.Meloor dayarappan, Khshethrapalan, Veerabhadran, and Vettakorumakan were deified nair warriors who were friends. They occupy place among   the thirty five important 'Theyyams' known collectively as 'Muppathaivar' [The thirtyfive] in the Theyyam FolkLore of northernmost Malabar.   The Folklore scholars C M S Chanthera, Professor Vishnu namboothiri, the famous Theyyam performer Manakkadan Gurikkal has written about this Deity and on the lengthy and extensive 'OorpazhachiThottam'. according to Professor K.K.N. Kurupp Vice-Chancellor Calicut university 'Oorpazhachi Dhaivam' presided over 18000 sthanams [seats] in Kolathunaad alone. Dr.Sanjeevan Azhikode son of C M S Chanthera also has done extensive study of caste connotations in the Theyyam ambit and states that the title as 'The ruling warrior' was conferred on Meloor Dayarappan by the rulers of 'Nediyirippu swaroopam'known later as the  Zamorins of calicut area.

Paragraph 25:  Margaret "Midge" Hadley Sherwood (1963–1966, 1988–2004, 2013–2015): This character was Barbie's best friend according to promotional materials and packaging. She was the third character introduced to the Barbie line, following Barbie and Ken. In the Random House novels, her last name is Hadley. She was paired with Allan Sherwood, Ken's best friend, when Allan was introduced in 1964. After she married Allan/Alan in 1991, she became Midge Hadley Sherwood. In the 1990s Price Stern Sloan series Adventures with Barbie, she and Alan are married, and in book 5, The Phantom of Shrinking Pond, by Suzanne Weyn, copyright 1992, it's implied that she is named after her Aunt Margaret (not the same person as Margaret Roberts).  She is named Viky in Brazil (from the book Barbie Doll Around the World, by J. Michael Augustyniak, copyright 2008 Collector Books). In 2001 she was given her own line named Happy Family. Midge was released with a magnetic belly and a baby. Also in the line was Alan and their son Ryan, and Midge's parents though they were never given real names. In 2013, she was brought back in the "Barbie: Life in the Dreamhouse" web series. In the series, she undergoes a makeover to look more modern, though the character tends to act like she is still in the 1960s. There is no mention of Allan/Alan in the series. Since 2015 Midge has not appeared in doll form or in any of Barbie's movie/shows. She is Irish-American.

Paragraph 26: Orange Reservoir is a reservoir located in the reservation's northern tract. Within the borders of West Orange, it is owned by the City of Orange and operated and maintained under contract with United Water. It was originally developed during the intense urbanization of northeastern New Jersey in the late 19th century, drawing from the Rahway River. The man-made lake is no longer part of the water-supply system and since the late 2000s (decade) various proposals have been made to allow its use as a recreational resource as part of the Recreational Complex. The complex abutting the reservoir includes a miniature golf course, and a boathouse-restaurant opened in 2011.  Proposals were complicated by the fact that while owned by one municipality, it lies within the borders of another, and it is unclear whether it is taxable. Offers by the Essex County Park System to buy or lease property were put in place as a possible resolution. The county was able to reach an agreement to lease the reservoir from the City of Orange until 2032. In November 2013 it was announced that bridges and other improvements for recreational use would be made.

Paragraph 27: In the New Year, Lani makes her way back to Salem and enlist JJ's help to bring down Gabi. Her plan is complicated by the news of Eli and Gabi's impending nuptials. Lani crashes the wedding and exposes Gabi. A spiteful Gabi goes through with her plan not knowing that Lani, with JJ's help, have already disabled Gabi's control over Julie's pacemaker. Though Lani explains everything to Eli, and they kiss, he isn't ready to reconcile. However, they reunite very soon after. In May 2020, Lani helps Kristen escape the police station when she is arrested for stabbing Victor Kiriakis (John Aniston). A furious Eli begrudgingly keeps quiet. Soon, they become engaged and while they look for a wedding, Lani realizes she is pregnant. Though Eli is happy, Lani is fearful of losing another baby. However, they agree to move forward with the pregnancy. On the morning of her wedding, Lani gets a visit from a fugitive Kristen. Kristen helps Lani dress for the wedding before she skips town again. The ceremony is first interrupted when Tamara collapses but she insist they go forward anyway. To make matters worse, Gabi interrupts the ceremony, for nothing more than to spite the couple. Once Gabi is gone, Vivian (Louise Sorel) crashes the wedding threatening to shoot Lani to avenge Stefan. Rafe arrives in time to arrest Vivian and reveal that Stefan may be alive. Though Lani is afraid the day is ruined, with support from Eli and their loved ones, Lani happily marries Eli. A month later, the newly weds learn they're having twins. Later, Lani is furious when Eli goes behind her back and arrest Kristen using information she shared in confidence. Lani, along with Kristen's boyfriend Brady Black (Eric Martsolf) are shocked when Kristen turns herself and confesses despite Lani's successful appeal to district attorney Melinda Trask (Tina Huang). Later Lani is suspicious when Eli and Abe claim they are secretly planning her baby shower. She records them with her phone and realizes they are keeping a bigger secret from her that involves Brady. Lani confronts Brady who reluctantly admits that Eli forced Kristen to confess after he recorded her confession. An irate Lani confronts Eli and kicks him out of their home. On Christmas Eve, Lani reconciles with Eli thanks to Julie and her husband Doug's (Bill Hayes) meddling. Lani goes into labor during the Horton Christmas party and she gives birth to twins Jules, and Carver on Christmas Day.

Paragraph 28: At approximately 5:49 am, an 81-car Wisconsin Central train traveling from Stevens Point, Wisconsin, to Neenah, Wisconsin, approached the city of Weyauwega at , traveling on a downward grade. The locomotives and the first 16 cars of the train passed a switch without incident, after which the seventeenth through fifty-third cars behind them derailed at the location of the switch, at 5:49:32 AM.  A subsequent NTSB investigation found the cause of the derailment to be a broken rail within the switch that was the result of an undetected bolt hole fracture.  The derailed cars included seven tank cars of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), seven tank cars of propane and two tank cars of sodium hydroxide. The derailment ruptured three of the tank cars, spilling both LPG and propane, which immediately ignited. The conductor of the train cut the train after the first nine cars, and proceeded onward .

Paragraph 29: South Africa has large deposits of coal, which had low commercial value due to its high fly ash content. If this coal could be used to produce synthetic oil, petrol, and diesel fuel, it perhaps would have significant benefit to South Africa. In the 1920s, South African scientists started looking at the possibility of using coal as a source of liquid fuels. This work was pioneered by P. N. Lategan, working for the Transvaal Coal Owners Association. He completed his doctoral thesis from the Imperial College of Science in London on The Low-Temperature Carbonisation of South African Coal. In 1927, a white paper from the government was issued describing various oil-from-coal processes being used overseas and their potential for South Africa. In the 1930s, a young scientist named Etienne Rousseau obtained a Master of Science from the University of Stellenbosch. His thesis was entitled "The Sulfur Content of Coals and Oil Shales". Rousseau became Sasol's first managing director. After World War II, Anglovaal bought the rights to a method of using the Fischer–Tropsch process patented by M. W. Kellogg Limited, and in 1950, Sasol was formally incorporated as the South African Coal, Oil, and Gas Corporation (from the Afrikaans of which the present name is derived: Suid-Afrikaanse Steenkool-, Olie- en Gas Maatskappy), a state-owned company. Commissioning of the Sasol 1 site for the production of synfuels started in 1954. Construction of the Sasol 2 site was completed in 1980, with the Sasol 3 site coming on stream in 1982. The Zevenfontein farm house served as Sasol's first offices and is still in existence today.

Paragraph 30: He again came into the fore as a pre-favorite just when the Olympics was looming and was hyped as a firm contender for gold medal in triple jump at 1956 Summer Olympics. He also served as the flagbearer for Brazil at the 1956 Summer Olympics in the opening ceremony. However, it was not easy for Adhemar to claim the Olympic title and defend the Olympic gold medal during the 1956 Olympics as Icelandic triple jumper Vilhjálmur Einarsson gave a run for his money in the finals. Einarsson who was on his Olympic debut took limelight and recognition in the 1956 Olympics after clearing a whopping 16.26 meters (which many call his jump was aided by the wind) in his second jump in the triple jump final to create a new Olympic record. Interestingly and coincidentally the Olympic record in men's triple jump was previously held by Adhemar who had jumped 16.22 meters during the 1952 Olympics. Einarsson's record jump of 16.26 meters stunned the spectators, organisers and fellow competitors including Adhemar, which also raised the expectations among the sporting fraternity that Einarsson would win the gold medal in the competition. Einarsson came in as a surprising element who gave an unexpected challenge for Adhemar with the latter's bid to reclaim the Olympic title was almost quashed. The presence of Einarsson made it even special as he was just one of only two athletes who would represent Iceland during the 1956 Summer Olympics. However, Adhemar bounced back strongly by breaking the Olympic record set by Einarsson during the same competition by jumping 16.35 meters in his fourth jump and as a result he was once again in contention for gold medal. Adhemar backed up his jump by equalling Einarsson's best jump in the fifth round (16.26 meters) and adding a 16.21 meters in the final round. In the end, Adhemar da Silva successfully defended his Olympic title at the 1956 Olympics largely due to the Olympic record leaping 16.35 metres in fourth round and also for recording over 16 metres jumps on three occasions. On the other spectrum, his rival Einarsson had to settle for a silver medal which also ensured Iceland's first ever medal at an Olympic event. The gold medal achievement by Adhemar turned out to be the second Olympic gold medal of his career and thus went onto become the first Brazilian to secure gold medals in two successive Olympic appearances.

Paragraph 31: Orange Reservoir is a reservoir located in the reservation's northern tract. Within the borders of West Orange, it is owned by the City of Orange and operated and maintained under contract with United Water. It was originally developed during the intense urbanization of northeastern New Jersey in the late 19th century, drawing from the Rahway River. The man-made lake is no longer part of the water-supply system and since the late 2000s (decade) various proposals have been made to allow its use as a recreational resource as part of the Recreational Complex. The complex abutting the reservoir includes a miniature golf course, and a boathouse-restaurant opened in 2011.  Proposals were complicated by the fact that while owned by one municipality, it lies within the borders of another, and it is unclear whether it is taxable. Offers by the Essex County Park System to buy or lease property were put in place as a possible resolution. The county was able to reach an agreement to lease the reservoir from the City of Orange until 2032. In November 2013 it was announced that bridges and other improvements for recreational use would be made.

Paragraph 32: Max tracks down Stacey to a flat where Stacey explains that she was angry at Archie and was worried about what Bradley would do to him after he found out about the baby. A minute after Bradley confronted Archie, she found Archie on the floor and, lucid and angered at what he had done to her and to Danielle, pushed the bust onto his head, but ran after his fingers twitched, fearing he would call the police. Stacey reveals that she did not initially tell Bradley the truth about what she did that night, fearing that he would take the blame for her. When she finally told him while they were packing on their wedding night, she offered to confess to the police herself, but he convinced her to flee Walford with him regardless. After forcibly trying to make her confess to the police, Max eventually tells Stacey that no one else needs to know that she killed Archie, reasoning that Bradley would want her to be happy, and sends her home. Becca continues to live with Stacey, and tries to exclude Stacey's mother Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) from her life. However, when Jean reveals Becca's involvement in Bradley's death, Stacey slaps Becca, which causes her to have a meltdown leading to getting kicked out by Jean as Stacey tells her mother she can trust her again. Later, Stacey figures out that Ryan must be her baby's father but decides not to tell him so as to not complicate his rekindled relationship with Janine, even when he is with her in the hospital as she gives birth to her daughter Lily. Several months later, at Janine and Ryan's wedding reception, Stacey confesses her fear about Archie still being alive to Peggy, who tells Stacey that Archie is dead and that Bradley killed him, accidentally causing Stacey to confess the truth to her. Peggy wants to call the police but after a fire at The Queen Victoria, Peggy tries to convince Stacey to admit to arson as the sentence would be a lot less than that for murder. She leaves Walford while letting Stacey take care of Lily who needs her. Stacey also tells Ryan that he is Lily's father, and although he initially refuses to acknowledge her, he later bonds with her and gets used to the idea of being a father while Janine and Stacey are arrested on a night out. Upset with this, Janine attempts to sabotage his relationship with Stacey, but her actions inadvertently cause them to realise their growing attraction to each other.

Paragraph 33: The history of Torchbearers can be traced back to brokenness when Major W. Ian Thomas came to the end of himself in his own effort to please God. It was right at that point where Christ began to produce what has become a fellowship of like-minded people who have also discovered that the only One who is able to produce true godliness is God Himself. The Torchbearers centres, which are now scattered around the world, are merely a testimony to the risen Christ bringing into being that which otherwise could not have been. They are international and interdenominational by nature, and deeply appreciate the freedom to keep the person of Christ at the centre of their teaching and fellowship, instead of the things which too often divide.

Paragraph 34: Starting from their characters' Headstones, players take it in turns to roll the dice and move clockwise around the board and can choose to roll one or two dice each time. Whenever the Gatekeeper appears on-screen, all players must stop, listen and do exactly what he says (e.g. when the Gatekeeper asks whose turn it is, they must answer with "Yes, my Gatekeeper"); failure to do so will result in punishment (a player must end their turn if they're in the middle of one when the Gatekeeper appears). Players start collecting keys by either landing on a space marked with a key on the game board or taking them from other players by duels. Players must collect all six different color keys, placing any keys they have in their rack facing towards them to hide the colors from opponents. Although players only need one key per color, players can collect more which prevent other players from completing the game. Should the Gatekeeper tell a player to take a key, they must take it from the realm they are in unless instructed otherwise. A Black Key is also on the board and must be avoided, otherwise the player who picks it up is "cursed" and unable to win the game as long as it's in their possession, even if they have one key of each color. Players can get rid of the Black Key by passing it on to another player when their pieces both occupy the same space or try to lose it in a duel. If a player lands on their own Headstone, they can earn a key from their realm by roling their own key rack number on the die; likewise, if an opponent lands on it, the player can take a key from that opponent by rolling their number. During the game players may come across objects to either make the game harder or easier, these include flight, dueling, black holes, Fate cards and Time cards. Flight allows players to travel from one flight stone on the game board to another unoccupied flight stone. Dueling allows players to duel other players to steal one of the players' keys, as long as the two players have keys of their own. A player can either be banished to a Black Hole by the Gatekeeper or stumble into one on the game board, temporarily rendering them unable to play. Players are only released from a Black Hole either by the Gatekeeper, having a Fate or Time card that releases them, trying to get their number on a dice roll each time their turn comes around or having possession of their corresponding colored key. In each case, a player must still move to a nearby Black Hole and wait for their next turn before being released. Fate cards are cards with instructions which the player must follow. The Gatekeeper will require a player to pick up a Fate card during the game. Just like Fate cards, Time cards have instructions which the player must follow, but players only carry out these instructions at a certain time in the game as defined on the card. The inner track (which is the only place on the board that players can travel in both directions) can be used at any time as a shortcut, though punishment will come to players if the Gatekeeper catches them there without six keys.

Paragraph 35: On the afternoon of 19 May 2016, Ginola was playing a charity football match at the home of Jean-Stéphane Camerini (the organiser of the Mapauto Golf Cup) in Mandelieu-la-Napoule in the southeast of France when he suddenly collapsed due to cardiac arrest and then fell into a coma. He was administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on the pitch by fellow footballer Frédéric Mendy. Minutes later, a team of medics who had arrived in an ambulance used a defibrillator on him; it took five shocks from the machine to restore normal heart rhythm within 10 minutes. Ginola was airlifted minutes later by a helicopter to the Cardiothoracic Center of Monaco 40 km northeast of Mandelieu, where he underwent an immediate, six-hour, operation. Professor Gilles Dreyfus, who operated on Ginola, said that were it not for Mendy who administered CPR on him he would be dead, or have suffered permanent brain damage. Dreyfus said that Ginola had "very complicated coronary lesions " which required the quadruple heart bypass operation to be performed. The morning after being admitted to the hospital, Ginola woke up "perfectly normally" with no neurological damage and was "recovering well." Prof Dreyfus said Ginola was "very lucky to be alive". On 30 May 2016, Ginola was discharged from hospital and returned home, thanking people on Twitter for their "incredible messages of love and affection".

Paragraph 36: He was born in Fes and studied at the University of Al-Qarawiyyin. His father was a Judge (Qadi) as well as his uncle Abdallah Al-Fassi (1871-1930) who was in charge of his education. For many years, his professor and mentor was Abdeslam Serghini. He started his anti-French political activities very early on in 1926, immediately after joining the University of Al-Qarawiyyin, which would lead to his expulsion from the university in 1927, and banishment from the city of Fes by the French colonial administration who decided to confine him in Taza. He finished his studies at the Zawiya Nassiriya, a Zawiya historically known for its intellectual potency and hostility to European invasions of Morocco. In 1931, he was allowed back to Fes, and he again picked up his political agitations in the city, and started campaigning and giving nationalistic speeches which gathered success and emotions amongst the masses who admired his eloquence. This prompted the French to exile him again in 1933, this time to Geneva where he met the Lebanese political leader Shakib Arslan, and would assist him in his historical works on the Maghreb region. Arsalan, already in contact with young Moroccan nationalists in Switzerland such as the future PM Ahmed Balafrej, mentored him in political organization, and introduced him to many political contacts, and also publicized his name in his various journalistic articles and correspondences. Allal came back to Morocco in 1934, and founded the kutlat al-'amal al-watani , Comité d'Action Marocaine (CAM) and the first Moroccan-led workers' union in 1936, and in December of that year officially petitioned the French Colonial Residence in Rabat demanding a number of reforms. This led the French authorities to decide to disband and persecute the members of his political organization, and in 1937, exiled him to the small town of Port-Gentil in Gabon where he would remain for the next nine years until 1946, receiving very little information about the affairs of the outside world during that period.

Paragraph 37: The second installment of the Bulgarian Interior Troops is from 1985 in connection to the Revival Process. A wave of terror attacks in the first half of the 1980s, including a bomb attack on a special passenger train coach for mothers traveling with little children on March 9, 1985 at Bunovo railway station, organized by the Turkish National-Liberation Movement terror organization, called for the re-establishment of a dedicated counter-insurgency paramilitary force in the structure of the Ministry of the Interior, to deal with the internal terror threat in cooperation with the State Security (Държавна Сигурност (ДС)) and the People's Militsiya (Народна Милиция (НМ)). The Interior Troops were tasked with counter-insurgency in mountainous and woodland terrain, riot control and security of locations of particular and strategic importance. The force was reinstated in 1985 and at the Boyana Roundtable Conference in the first half of 1990 convened between the Bulgarian Communist Party (recently renamed to Bulgarian Socialist Party) and the Union of Democratic Forces to reach an agreement about the reform of the country in light of radical changes in Eastern Europe it was publicly made clear (in response to a question about that), that the Interior Troops number 2 000 men in 6 battalions, plus the SOBT. The latter however is incorrect. The Specialized Counter-Terrorism Force (abbreviated SOBT in Bulgarian) has from its formation to present day (2017) been the premier counter-terrorism unit of the country, strategically subordinated directly to the Minister of the Interior as an independent agency in its own right. The confusion comes from the fact, that a security regiment of the IT has been based in Vranya, near the former Vrana Palace in barracks recently vacated by the State Security's Fifth Department (Department for Safety and Protection) (Пето управление (Управление за безопасност и охрана (УБО)), the higher state functionaries' close protection service. Since the abolition of the Bulgarian monarchy the palace has been turned into an official residence with permanent presence from the Ministry of the Interior. The battalion in question was the quick reaction paramilitary force for the capital Sofia. In fact the Vranya Battalion and the SOBT are located in adjacent barracks, which causes the confusion. The Interior Troops battalions were organised as rifle battalions with BTR-60s, trucks, automatic rifles, machine guns, mortars and anti-tank rockets. In 1990-91 the Border and the Interior Troops were amalgamated into the Troops of the Ministry of the Interior (Войски на МВР), then separated again. In 1993 the Interior Troops were renamed into Gendarmery, the traditional name from the time of the monarchy, banned after that for their role in hunting down communist partizans. Recently the Gendarmery has been absorbed into the Ministry of the Interior's Main Directorate "National Police" and as of 2017 the former Interior Troops and Gendarmery after that exist in the form of Specialized Police Forces (Специализирани Полицейски Сили) within the National Police. In 1989 they consisted of:

Paragraph 38: Emperor Suzong was impressed with Fang's fervor for the restoration of Tang authority and gave him the most responsibility, and he followed Fang's recommendations in not executing the generals Wang Sili (王思禮) and Lü Chongbi (呂崇賁), who were part of the Tang army defeated at Tong Pass prior to An Lushan's approach on Chang'an.  However, it was said that Fang favored big talkers and injected his own likes and dislikes into personnel decisions.  This came to Emperor Suzong's attention when Emperor Suzong had decreed that the official Helan Jinming (賀蘭進明) should be made the governor of Nanhai Commandery (南海, roughly modern Guangzhou, Guangdong) and military governor of Lingnan Circuit (headquartered in Guangzhou), and be given an honorary title as chief imperial censor—but Fang instead announced that Helan would be given the honorary title as acting chief imperial censor.  When Helan brought this to Emperor Suzong's attention, and further intimated that a decree that Emperor Xuanzong had issued before he became aware that Emperor Suzong had assumed imperial title—commissioning Emperor Suzong and several brothers of his with military commands independent of each other—was intended to allow any of Emperor Xuanzong's sons to be successful and thank him for the commission.  Emperor Suzong thus began to distance himself from Fang.  Fang, realizing this, requested that he be commissioned to lead an army to recapture Chang'an, hoping to regain imperial favor by battlefield success.  Emperor Suzong agreed and further allowed him to select his own staff members.  Fang selected such friends as Wang Sili, Deng Jingshan (鄧景山), Li Ji (李揖), and Liu Zhi to serve on his staff, entrusting the strategies to Li Ji and Liu—despite the fact that neither was learned in military matters, going as far as stating, "Even though the rebels have many strong men, none can rival my Liu Zhi."  He divided his army into three groups and approached Chang'an, and once he was engaging Yan forces there, he used an ancient tactic from the Spring and Autumn period—putting cattle-drawn wagons in the center and cavalry and infantry on the side.  Yan forces responded by beating its drums, terrorizing the cattle, and then setting fire on the wagons.  This caused a general panic in both the cattle and the Tang soldiers, causing more than 40,000 casualties.  Fang led a counterattack, which was also defeated.  However, at the urging of Emperor Suzong's trusted advisor Li Mi, Fang was not punished.

Paragraph 39:  Type 63A - Improved Type 63-II. It was specially designed to suit the needs of the marines. Unlike the original Type 63 which was mainly intended for river-crossing operations at inland rivers and lakes, the Type 63A can be launched from amphibious warfare ships 5 – 7 km offshore and travel to the shore with the speed of 28 km/h (which was accomplished thanks to the new engine and redesigned water jet system). It has a new diesel engine developing 581 hp (433 kW) and computerized fire control system which gives it the capacity to shoot while it is on the move on land and on water. Type 63A has a redesigned welded turret with four smoke grenade dischargers on each side of the turret, a stowage bucket in the rear of the turret and two stowage buckets on the sides of the turret. The turret was armed with 105 mm rifled gun instead of the original 85 mm Type 62-85TC rifled gun. It is similar to those that are fitted on the Type 59-II, Type 59D, Type 69 and Type 80 main battle tanks but with reduced recoil force for firing while the vehicle is swimming. It is capable of firing all types of modern tank rounds, such as armour piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot (APFSDS), HEAT and HE. It also has two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) that provide better stability while in water, an improved snorkel fitting and three water inlets on either side of the hull. The tank also has side skirts protecting the tracks. To allow the tank to fire accurately while in water the 105 mm was given the ability to shoot laser-beam guided ATGM. The PRC has developed a 105 mm gun-launched ATGM based on the Russian 9M117 Bastion technology. The missile has a maximum firing range of 4,000 m - 5,000 m, with a single hit probability of over 90% against static targets. The ATGM can also be used to engage low-flying helicopters. The new fire control system includes a digital fire-control computer, integrated commander sight with laser rangefinder input, and light spot or image-stabilized gunner sight with passive night vision. The standard night vision is an image intensifier. Alternatively the gunner sight can be fitted with a thermal imager night vision with a maximum range of 2,100 meters. The tank is also equipped with the satellite positioning (GPS/GLONASS) system so that it can easily locate the correct landing coordinates in all kinds of weather and at day or night conditions. Because of the additional equipment the weight of the vehicle has increased to 22 tonnes and because of the two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) and the longer gun, the overall length of the vehicle has increased to 9.6 meters. The Type 63A was designed because of continuing tension with Taiwan and as such it can face Taiwanese M48 and M60 Patton main battle tanks when it has the upper hand. While its thin armour is still a rather big issue the Type 63A has the ability to attack its targets before being directly engaged by using ATGMs. It entered service in 1997. The industrial designator is WZ213. It is also known as Type 63M, Type 99 and ZTS-63A.

Paragraph 40:  Type 63A - Improved Type 63-II. It was specially designed to suit the needs of the marines. Unlike the original Type 63 which was mainly intended for river-crossing operations at inland rivers and lakes, the Type 63A can be launched from amphibious warfare ships 5 – 7 km offshore and travel to the shore with the speed of 28 km/h (which was accomplished thanks to the new engine and redesigned water jet system). It has a new diesel engine developing 581 hp (433 kW) and computerized fire control system which gives it the capacity to shoot while it is on the move on land and on water. Type 63A has a redesigned welded turret with four smoke grenade dischargers on each side of the turret, a stowage bucket in the rear of the turret and two stowage buckets on the sides of the turret. The turret was armed with 105 mm rifled gun instead of the original 85 mm Type 62-85TC rifled gun. It is similar to those that are fitted on the Type 59-II, Type 59D, Type 69 and Type 80 main battle tanks but with reduced recoil force for firing while the vehicle is swimming. It is capable of firing all types of modern tank rounds, such as armour piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot (APFSDS), HEAT and HE. It also has two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) that provide better stability while in water, an improved snorkel fitting and three water inlets on either side of the hull. The tank also has side skirts protecting the tracks. To allow the tank to fire accurately while in water the 105 mm was given the ability to shoot laser-beam guided ATGM. The PRC has developed a 105 mm gun-launched ATGM based on the Russian 9M117 Bastion technology. The missile has a maximum firing range of 4,000 m - 5,000 m, with a single hit probability of over 90% against static targets. The ATGM can also be used to engage low-flying helicopters. The new fire control system includes a digital fire-control computer, integrated commander sight with laser rangefinder input, and light spot or image-stabilized gunner sight with passive night vision. The standard night vision is an image intensifier. Alternatively the gunner sight can be fitted with a thermal imager night vision with a maximum range of 2,100 meters. The tank is also equipped with the satellite positioning (GPS/GLONASS) system so that it can easily locate the correct landing coordinates in all kinds of weather and at day or night conditions. Because of the additional equipment the weight of the vehicle has increased to 22 tonnes and because of the two extra floating tanks (one in the front and one in the rear) and the longer gun, the overall length of the vehicle has increased to 9.6 meters. The Type 63A was designed because of continuing tension with Taiwan and as such it can face Taiwanese M48 and M60 Patton main battle tanks when it has the upper hand. While its thin armour is still a rather big issue the Type 63A has the ability to attack its targets before being directly engaged by using ATGMs. It entered service in 1997. The industrial designator is WZ213. It is also known as Type 63M, Type 99 and ZTS-63A.

Paragraph 41: One of the earliest vestiges of South African attire was traced back to around 2000 years ago when Middle Paleolithic population' descendants, the Khoisan, settled in Cape Peninsula in the south-western extremity of the African continent. These people were divided into 2 groups which were the San whose life depended heavily on hunting and gathering, and the Khoikoi who were pastoral herders. Without the contacts with foreigners, garments and cloth were unavailable for them to import. Instead, these early settlers altered available resources such as game and domestic animals' softened skin, and sometimes, plants and ostrich eggshell for attire making. In addition to these sources, the introduction of metal also gave them more choices for fashion. The arrival of the Khoisan people were followed shortly after by groups of Bantu-speaking people, who, through the Bantu expansion, ended up with conflict and occupied the land of the Khoisan people, forcing them into dispersion and absorption into the Bantu-speaking community. The settlement of Bantu-speaking people resulted in the formation of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe, from 900 to 1300 A.D., that flourished with trades from other foregin regions for gold and ivory in the exchange of clothes, glass bead and Chineses porcelain. Bantu-speaking's inhabitants in South Africa also lead to the derivation of nowadays main groups of people in South Africa which are the Nguni speaking people includes four smaller groups (Zulu, Xhosa, Swazi, Ndebele). The other groups of people in South Africa are the Sotho-Tswana peoples (Tswana, Pedi, and Sotho), while with the group of people in the north-eastern areas of present-day South Africa who are Venda, Lemba, and Tsonga. All of these groups of people, share the common home of South Africa, have for themselves distinctive languages and culture .

Paragraph 42: Max tracks down Stacey to a flat where Stacey explains that she was angry at Archie and was worried about what Bradley would do to him after he found out about the baby. A minute after Bradley confronted Archie, she found Archie on the floor and, lucid and angered at what he had done to her and to Danielle, pushed the bust onto his head, but ran after his fingers twitched, fearing he would call the police. Stacey reveals that she did not initially tell Bradley the truth about what she did that night, fearing that he would take the blame for her. When she finally told him while they were packing on their wedding night, she offered to confess to the police herself, but he convinced her to flee Walford with him regardless. After forcibly trying to make her confess to the police, Max eventually tells Stacey that no one else needs to know that she killed Archie, reasoning that Bradley would want her to be happy, and sends her home. Becca continues to live with Stacey, and tries to exclude Stacey's mother Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) from her life. However, when Jean reveals Becca's involvement in Bradley's death, Stacey slaps Becca, which causes her to have a meltdown leading to getting kicked out by Jean as Stacey tells her mother she can trust her again. Later, Stacey figures out that Ryan must be her baby's father but decides not to tell him so as to not complicate his rekindled relationship with Janine, even when he is with her in the hospital as she gives birth to her daughter Lily. Several months later, at Janine and Ryan's wedding reception, Stacey confesses her fear about Archie still being alive to Peggy, who tells Stacey that Archie is dead and that Bradley killed him, accidentally causing Stacey to confess the truth to her. Peggy wants to call the police but after a fire at The Queen Victoria, Peggy tries to convince Stacey to admit to arson as the sentence would be a lot less than that for murder. She leaves Walford while letting Stacey take care of Lily who needs her. Stacey also tells Ryan that he is Lily's father, and although he initially refuses to acknowledge her, he later bonds with her and gets used to the idea of being a father while Janine and Stacey are arrested on a night out. Upset with this, Janine attempts to sabotage his relationship with Stacey, but her actions inadvertently cause them to realise their growing attraction to each other.

Paragraph 43: At approximately 5:49 am, an 81-car Wisconsin Central train traveling from Stevens Point, Wisconsin, to Neenah, Wisconsin, approached the city of Weyauwega at , traveling on a downward grade. The locomotives and the first 16 cars of the train passed a switch without incident, after which the seventeenth through fifty-third cars behind them derailed at the location of the switch, at 5:49:32 AM.  A subsequent NTSB investigation found the cause of the derailment to be a broken rail within the switch that was the result of an undetected bolt hole fracture.  The derailed cars included seven tank cars of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), seven tank cars of propane and two tank cars of sodium hydroxide. The derailment ruptured three of the tank cars, spilling both LPG and propane, which immediately ignited. The conductor of the train cut the train after the first nine cars, and proceeded onward .

Paragraph 44: In 1965, Mézières arranged a working visa through a friend of Jijé's who had a factory in Houston, Texas. In the end, however, he never took up the job in Houston. After staying in New York for a few months, the call of the West proved too strong and eventually he ended up hitchhiking across the country, first to Seattle and then to Montana (where he worked on a ranch driving tractors, laying posts and cleaning stables) before ending up in San Francisco. His initial plan was to find work in an advertising agency in San Francisco but he ran foul of the Immigration Service who told him that his visa was good for working in the factory in Houston and nowhere else. He quickly left San Francisco in search of an authentic "Wild West" cowboy experience. Arriving in Salt Lake City, Utah with no money, he sought out Pierre Christin, who was living there while teaching at the University of Utah, and turned up on his doorstep asking him if he could sleep on his settee. To make ends meet, Mézières produced some illustrations for a small advertising agency in Salt Lake City and for a Mormon children's magazine called Children's Friend as well as selling some photographs he had taken while working on the ranch in Montana. After a few months, he found work on a ranch in Utah: this time succeeding in his aspiration of living the life of a cowboy, an experience he described as "better than in my dreams".

Paragraph 45: The back wall of the Piazza XX Septembre is actually the outside wall of the parish church of San Michele Arcangelo; close to the oratory of San Antonio under which is the fountain of Canui mentioned in the 1575 municipal statutes. The church of San Michele Arcangelo itself was built in the 15th century with its majestic local stone façade, displaying a statue of Saint Michael dispatching the devil, carved with painstaking care and great skill by Giorgio De Lancia in 1450. It has a rose window depicting the Agnus Dei, or Lamb of God, surrounded by stained glass panels representing the 12 apostles. It's an early work by Giovanni Gaggini of Bissone, who went on to earn great fame for similar works in Genoa. A testimony to late medieval art its one of the last expressions of the Gothic style, on the threshold of the Renaissance. The interior is basilica shaped with three aisles separated by two rows of columns, the latest octagonal, as a result of the 16th century enlargement. Behind the altar is the grand polyptych created by the painter Giovanni Canavesio in January 1500, four meters high it includes 38 compartments framed with wood covered in gold these paintings attempt to capture the humble humanity of the story of Jesus, with an expressionism previously unknown in medieval art demonstrating the upcoming Renaissance style. They show Canavesios taste for theatrical and dramatic situations. Canavesio himself was born probably around 1430 in Pinerolo His name appears in the archives of his home town in 1450. When he came to Pigna, Canavesio was already an established painter. Prior to the creation of the polyptych in 1482 Canavesio produced a series of frescos for the church of San Bernardo. They represented the Four Evangelists, of the Church, the cycle of the Passion of Christ and the Last Judgment.

Paragraph 46: Many Taoist followers worship bodhisattva as well as Taoism and Buddhism have traditionally enjoyed a peaceful coexistence, thereby leading to obscured delineation between the two religions. Subsequently, with the rise of Buddhist activists in the 1980s, the pool of faithful who worship both Taoist deities and Buddha realigned to declare themselves as Buddhists even if they were primarily worshipping Taoist deities (defined as families which worship Taoist deities at home). This led to a statistical decline in the Taoist population in Singapore. However, any attempt to deny Taoism its right as a religion of its own is dubious owing to the substantially growing and unreported numbers of youngsters embracing the faith.

Paragraph 47: In the New Year, Lani makes her way back to Salem and enlist JJ's help to bring down Gabi. Her plan is complicated by the news of Eli and Gabi's impending nuptials. Lani crashes the wedding and exposes Gabi. A spiteful Gabi goes through with her plan not knowing that Lani, with JJ's help, have already disabled Gabi's control over Julie's pacemaker. Though Lani explains everything to Eli, and they kiss, he isn't ready to reconcile. However, they reunite very soon after. In May 2020, Lani helps Kristen escape the police station when she is arrested for stabbing Victor Kiriakis (John Aniston). A furious Eli begrudgingly keeps quiet. Soon, they become engaged and while they look for a wedding, Lani realizes she is pregnant. Though Eli is happy, Lani is fearful of losing another baby. However, they agree to move forward with the pregnancy. On the morning of her wedding, Lani gets a visit from a fugitive Kristen. Kristen helps Lani dress for the wedding before she skips town again. The ceremony is first interrupted when Tamara collapses but she insist they go forward anyway. To make matters worse, Gabi interrupts the ceremony, for nothing more than to spite the couple. Once Gabi is gone, Vivian (Louise Sorel) crashes the wedding threatening to shoot Lani to avenge Stefan. Rafe arrives in time to arrest Vivian and reveal that Stefan may be alive. Though Lani is afraid the day is ruined, with support from Eli and their loved ones, Lani happily marries Eli. A month later, the newly weds learn they're having twins. Later, Lani is furious when Eli goes behind her back and arrest Kristen using information she shared in confidence. Lani, along with Kristen's boyfriend Brady Black (Eric Martsolf) are shocked when Kristen turns herself and confesses despite Lani's successful appeal to district attorney Melinda Trask (Tina Huang). Later Lani is suspicious when Eli and Abe claim they are secretly planning her baby shower. She records them with her phone and realizes they are keeping a bigger secret from her that involves Brady. Lani confronts Brady who reluctantly admits that Eli forced Kristen to confess after he recorded her confession. An irate Lani confronts Eli and kicks him out of their home. On Christmas Eve, Lani reconciles with Eli thanks to Julie and her husband Doug's (Bill Hayes) meddling. Lani goes into labor during the Horton Christmas party and she gives birth to twins Jules, and Carver on Christmas Day.