Paragraph 1: Three years later, Mike has the Mask of Shadows stripped away from him by the Les Chevaux  Archanés, a voodoo circle led by a man known as Pére Jean, who also restores Claudine by trapping Nettie in a govi. Mike discovers that Pére Jean is in league with a mysterious corporation known as Orb Industries, who is attempting harvest the energy of Deadside, the spiritual plane where all souls go when they die, without exception. While contending with Jean and Orb Industries, he is disheartened to learn of Persephone DeFilo's brutal murder at the hands of a female mercenary known as California Mah while struggling with the emptiness brought on by the mask's removal. As Michael sets out for revenge, he reunites with Claudine who informs him of Jean's true motives. From both Claudine and Jean, Mike learns the origin of the Mask of Shadows and discovers the true purpose of the Shadow Man, who is descended from a line of African voodoo warriors blessed with supernatural powers to protect the world from threats originating from Deadside. Mike is able to embrace his role as Shadow Man and regain the piece of his soul that was lost during the removal of the Mask of Shadows which he no longer needs to channel his powers. Unfortunately, California Mah attacks the Les Chevaux  Archanés temple and kills Pére Jean. A short time later, Mike comes into conflict with a group of transdimensional dinosaurs known as the Favored, who are working for Mah. During his struggle against the Favored, Mike travels to the timeless realm Ife where he meets a bokor named Namawambe who acts as his mentor. Upon returning to his dimension, the Favored reveal that Mah has kidnapped Claudine and Mike sets out to find her. Losing their trail in a sundown town in Georgia, Mike is ostracized and discriminated against by the racist townsfolk, forcing him to use his power to take the appearance of a dead white man. The townsfolk become more welcoming to Mike in his disguise but he is forced to battle a group of demons summoned by the Ku Klux Klan to kill him after they turn on everyone with "mongrel blood". Continuing his search for Claudine, Mike is pulled into Deadside by a mysterious force and uncovers a plot by the lord of chaos Erebus to escape to the mortal world. Mike allies with the souls of his uncle Thierry, a soldier who perished in the Vietnam War and his superior officer Ray Garrison. Garrison agrees to lead Mike to a portal back to the mortal world but upon arrival, he betrays him and attacks Thierry, revealing himself to be possessed by Erebus. Erebus reveals that Mike is his son before they prepare to battle, with Mike unaware that Claudine is the battery powering the gateway that pulled him into Deadside.

Paragraph 2: While on her way to a party, Chas takes a lift from Debbie, but she takes Chas to an abandoned barn and pulls a gun on her. She ties Chas to a wooden pillar and blindfolds her, she intimidates her so she can understand how angry she is for what Chas has done with Cameron. Cain and Charity then arrive, and at first it seems as though Cain is willing to let Debbie execute Chas, but he and Charity eventually talk Debbie into letting Chas go. After this incident, Chas returns to running The Woolpack, however customers avoid the pub, due to the atmosphere. Chas tries her best to regain the regulars, but she is unsuccessful. She takes out a loan against the pub to try to keep the business afloat, stating she is very close to bankruptcy, with mounting legal fees to pay also. Chas and Cameron continue their relationship and remain in the village. In July, Gennie suspects that Cameron and Debbie are having an affair, and warns Chas about it. However, Chas thinks Gennie is trying to tear them apart and dismisses her claims. Soon, Gennie's suspicions are confirmed when she records a conversation in which Cameron confesses to killing Carl to Debbie, and the pair rekindling their romance. Gennie intends to tell Chas, but later dies after being suffocated by Cameron in order to keep his secret following a car chase between her, Cameron and Debbie. At Gennie's funeral, Chas learns that Cameron has been having an affair with Debbie. Chas delivers an emotional eulogy and then marches out of the church. Later, Chas packs Cameron's bags and brings them to Debbie's home, where she tells them they are selfish and deserve each other. Debbie and Charity both soften towards Chas and Charity apologises to her for treating her coldly for her affair with Cameron.

Paragraph 3: The conscription issue divided the Labor Party and wider Australian community in 1916. While much of the Australian labour movement and general community was opposed to conscription, Australian Labor Prime Minister Billy Hughes and Premier Holman strongly supported conscription, and both crossed the floor to vote with the conservative parties, and both were expelled from the Labor Party. When Hughes met with the executive of NSW Labor in September 1916 to attempt to persuade them to back his conscription plan, he lost the vote 21–5 and was warned that he would be expelled if he continued to press the matter. Ernest Durack became state party leader, while Holman formed a coalition on 15 November 1916 with the leader of the opposition Liberal Reform Party, Charles Wade, with himself as Premier. Following the exodus of pro-conscription MPs from the party, many leaders of the Industrial Section took advantage of the new vacancies to secure selection for open seats. Early in 1917, Holman and his supporters merged with Liberal Reform to form the state branch of the Nationalist Party of Australia, with Holman as leader.  At the 1917 election, the Nationalists won a huge victory. During his leadership of the Nationalist government, Holman vigorously defended the government-owned enterprises from his fellow conservatives in power. Durack's leadership lasted only for about three months, and he was succeeded by John Storey in February 1917. In April 1918 the Industrial Section changed its name to the Industrial Vigilance Council, a change in part prompted by a leftward shift in the union movement influenced by the Great War and the Russian Revolution. At this point it was increasingly beset by internal divisions, in particular between the relatively conservative AWU and smaller unions and radicals such as the syndicalist-influenced Sam Rosa. This came to a head during 1919 due to divisions over whether conscription should end following the closing of the First World War and whether the Australian union movement should adopt the syndicalist principle of the One Big Union. The faction was wound up in August 1919, with many of its radicals such as Albert Willis going on to form the Industrial Socialist Labor Party. This left the state party firmly in the control of the AWU At the 1920 election, Holman and his Nationalists were thrown from office in a massive swing, being succeeded by a Labor Government led by Storey. Labor won the 1920 election with a majority of one.

Paragraph 4: He was born in 1814 in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, then part of the Mercer County, Pennsylvania. According to some reports, his father, James Waugh, was a pioneer-settler in New Wilmington where he ran the first general store. Little is known about Samuel's early life and education. It was suggested that he worked in a paint shop in Pittsburgh and also took painting lessons from J. R. Smith, who advertised himself as the "Scenic Artist of the Pittsburgh Theater". He joined his brother John in Toronto in 1833. In 1834, he displayed his paintings at the exhibition of the Society of Artists and Amateurs of Toronto where they were judged "among the very best portraits." In Toronto, he became a friend of already established American painter also hailing from Mercer County, James Bowman. They both started to plan a trip to Rome, Italy, but Bowman changed his mind and instead decided to settle in Detroit, and Waugh remained in Canada relocating to Montreal. He went to Italy in late 1836 or early 1837 staying in Rome and Naples until 1841 or 1842. His portrait of the Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen (1838) buttressed his reputation as an accomplished artist and eased his transition to Philadelphia where he established himself as a leading portrait and landscape painter. Sculptor Thomas Crawford and painter James Edward Freeman might have aided him in this process.

Paragraph 5: In 1950, the orchestra made its first journey to Havana, and in 1953 Lay changed the personnel to suit his own ideas. Around this time, the danzón genre began to fade, and the cha-cha-cha to gain popularity. Flautist was now Rolando Lozano and, later, Richard Egües. Pepe Olmo began singing along with the director Rafael Lay. Pepe Palma joined the orchestra and be its Piano Player for decades onwards. The emergence of Richard Egües on the 5-key wooden flute was significant. Egües replaced Rolando Lozano at the beginning of 1955 when Lozano went to Mexico. In August 1955, Celso Valdés was added on violin and thus the first classic lineup of the Orquesta Aragon was in place. The line-up now was Pepe Olmo and Rafael Lay (vocals), Lay, Filiberto Depestre and Celso Valdés (violins), Pepe Palma (piano), Jose Beltran (d. bass), Panchito Arbolaez (güiro), Orestes Varona (timbales) and Guido Sarria (conga). Lay and Egües were skilled arrangers and composers. Between 1955 and 1958 the Orquesta Aragon released four LPs for RCA, listed below. During this time the Orquesta Aragon recorded nearly 100 numbers for RCA, several of which were never released. These include Macuto, Por esta adoracion, El trago, Gallo y gallina and Cha Cha Cha navideño among others.

Paragraph 6: In 1929, the government led by Josef Stalin designated some regions (known as districts) of Western Siberia as locations for future deportations of what were referred to as "socially dangerous classes" of people from Belarus, Ukraine, and the northwestern part of European Russia. Siberian researchers note that deportations of this period may be characterized as "depeasantization" () as peasants represented a significant share of those who experienced this kind of repression. In 1928, the Soviet Union underwent a goods famine known as the soviet grain crisis; this led to the forced collectivization of agriculture. As a result, the government began to subject members of the farming population of the countryside peasantry to a policy of mass deportations; they were forcibly removed and sent to the regions selected for deportations. This policy was enforced up until 1933, when soviet authorities conducted series of  so-called "city cleansings", by which they forced some of the marginalized population (peasants who had hid from earlier deportations, Romani people, and other targeted groups) to resettle.  Streets of many cities like Leningrad and Moscow were raided by militia and those who were caught were sent to the East. This policy had fatal consequences for some who were targeted; one example of the harsh environment to which deportees were subjected is the infamous Nazino tragedy of 1933 that happened near Tomsk. The impact on the deportees to Nazino Island was devastating; over 4,000 people died or disappeared within thirteen weeks, having been given only raw flour to survive. The early deportations coincided with dekulakization and passportization policies of the Soviet Union.

Paragraph 7: The band saw their name painted on a wall in Brooklyn and thought it sounded cool. By 1989, the band had signed to Geffen Records and released their debut album Don't Come Easy, which included the successful single "Forever Young." Musically, the album was somewhere between Whitesnake and Bon Jovi, and Tyketto opened for the former on many bills. However, the rise of the grunge sound in 1991 saw Tyketto's hopes of a big breakthrough begin to recede. Kennedy left the band and was replaced by Jaimie Scott. Their second album was rejected by Geffen and finally emerged in 1994 under the title Strength in Numbers on CMC International in the U.S. and Music for Nations elsewhere in the world.

Paragraph 8: Yor finds allies in a group of rebels led by the scientist, Ena, and the mysterious blind Elder, who have been plotting to overthrow the Overlord for years. After being rescued by Ena, Yor and the rebels join forces to attack the Overlord and his androids. Ena leads them to the fortress's atomic stockpile, where they plant explosives powerful enough to destroy it and the fortress. The Elder remains behind and slowly deactivates the android army, buying time for the others to escape. The Overlord pursues them in an attempt to stop the stockpile's destruction and briefly engages Yor in combat, overwhelming him temporarily. As the Overlord enters an elevator, Yor grabs a nearby pole and hurls it through the window, impaling the villain. Mortally wounded, the Overlord struggles onward toward the stockpile as Yor and Ena continue to lead the others to safety. Pag orders them to keep going while he fends off the androids, but he loses his weapon and gets cornered by them. Ena and the rebels quickly rush to his aid, but just as the androids are about to kill Pag, the Elder deactivates them. The group quickly boards one of the Overlord's ships just as the Overlord himself reaches the stockpile control room. But before he can stop the bomb, it explodes, and he succumbs to his injuries and slowly dies. At the same moment, the Overlord's spacecraft, carrying Yor, Kalaa, Pag, Ena and the rebels flies out of the hangar to safety while the Overlord's facility explodes behind them. As the movie ends and the ship flies off into the distance, the narrator intones: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"

Paragraph 9: When O'Doherty died after Philippine independence in 1946, the coadjutor archbishop Gabriel M. Reyes became the first native Filipino in the position. Reyes' successor, Archbishop Rufino Jiao Santos, became the first Filipino to become a cardinal in 1960. On January 21, 1974, Pope Paul VI appointed then-Archbishop of Jaro Jaime Sin as the 30th Archbishop of Manila. He was named cardinal in 1976. In 2003, the archdiocese received Gaudencio Rosales, Archbishop of Lipa, as successor to Cardinal Sin. Pope Benedict XVI later elevated Rosales to the cardinalate on March 24, 2006. On October 13, 2011, Luis Antonio Gokim Tagle, then Bishop of Imus, was named archbishop and was later made a cardinal by Benedict XVI on November 24, 2012. On December 8, 2019, he was appointed by Pope Francis to be the prefect of Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples. In March 2020, Philippine President Duterte said the Pope had removed Tagle from his post in Manila for channeling church funds to the President's political opponents. The Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) and many individual Philippine prelates denounced Duterte's charge. Auxiliary Bishop Broderick Pabillo lead the archdiocese as Apostolic Administrator for 17 months during the COVID-19 pandemic, until Tagle's successor, then-Archbishop of Capiz, José Fuerte Advíncula took office in June 24, 2021.

Paragraph 10: One day, police officer Ming (Leon Lai) meets Tweedy (Rosamund Kwan) in the streets and develops a crush on her and follows her to a bar where she works at in order to woo her, while in the pretense of interrogating her. Later, when Ming broke up with his girlfriend, he goes to Tweedy's bar where they have a chat before Ming gets drunk and accidentally drops his issued pistol. Fortunately, Ming receives a tip about a firearms trade between Ming's informant, Chiu (Yu Kwok-lok), and triad leader, Mute (Anthony Cho). Chiu then discovers that Tweedy is Mute is an accomplice of Mute and chases after her, which caught the attention of Ming. When Chiu tells Ming that his pistol is hidden in the male's bathroom, Ming unexpectedly sees Tweedy outside the bathroom, leading him to mistakenly believe that she was involved in the trade. When Ming was unable to find his pistol, he goes the bar to look for Tweedy, much to the displeasure of her boss, Tung (John Ching). At this time, Mute also shoots and kills Chiu, and Ming chases after Mute before losing him. At the murder scene, Ming discovers that the bullet cannot be found and while he searches for it, Tweedy had given the bullet to Tat (Ng Man-tat). When Mute finds out that Ming is going to arrest Tweedy, Mute surrenders himself to Ming, and tells Ming the whereabouts of his lost pistol. After find his pistol, Ming receives news of triad hitman, Prince's (Jacky Cheung), return to Hong Kong. Through the files of Prince, Ming discovers that Tweedy is Prince's girlfriend. When Prince returns, he goes to Tweedy's bar, where at this time, Tung was causing a scene and bullying woman with alcohol. At the same time, Ming also arrives to present a birthday gift to Tweedy, which angers Prince when she choose Ming over him. Using explosives he carries on him, Prince threatens Ming and manages to escape the surrounding of the police by using hostages, where he drives away in his sports car with Tweedy. Ming chases after Prince and a gunfight ensues between them. Later, as Prince attempts to drive away, he was pushed to the docks and surrounded by the police. When Prince sees how Tweedy is deeply in love with Ming and how he himself was doomed with no way out, he drives into the sea and commits suicide.

Paragraph 11: The cities of Edmonton and Calgary were each allocated a second seat in the legislature, as their populations had doubled since the previous election. The two electoral districts became multi-seat (two seat) districts. Each voter there could cast up to two votes under the block voting system. Edmonton elected two Liberal candidates, while Calgary elected one Liberal and one Conservative candidate. This was the first example in Alberta political history of mixed representation coming from a single district. Alberta would use a mixture of single and multiple seat districts in each general election until 1956. Mixed semi-proportional representation elected in multi-seat districts would be seen again and again prior to 1956.

Paragraph 12: Fingleton made his debut in the Fifth and final Test in similar circumstances to his break at the start of the season; Bill Ponsford fell ill and Bradman twisted an ankle. As Bradman later took a hard-running catch as a substitute fielder on the same day, some suspected that he had feigned injury to avoid playing on a rain-affected wicket hostile to batting—he had appeared uncomfortable against aggressive bowling in the previous Test. In a low-scoring match, Fingleton's first action on the field was to let a ball go between his legs as South Africa batted first. Opening with captain Bill Woodfull in the absence of Ponsford, Fingleton saw his skipper removed from the first ball of the innings. He was allowed to ease into his first innings when the first ball he faced, from Neville Quinn, was a deliberate full toss to give him an opportunity to score his initial runs easily. The pair became friends from this point onwards. Fingleton was second top-scorer with 40 as Australia made 153 recorded an innings victory. The match lasted less than one day's playing time as the hosts fell for only 36 and 45. The cricketer-journalist Richard Whitington later wrote that "for courage and skill...[Fingleton's 51] was worth quadruple that number". The Sydney Mail predicted that Fingleton's display on the rain-affected wicket, the likes of which were common, proved that he would "someday be a great success" there. Fingleton ended the season with 386 runs at 42.88 with one century and a fifty in six matches.

Paragraph 13: In 1929, the government led by Josef Stalin designated some regions (known as districts) of Western Siberia as locations for future deportations of what were referred to as "socially dangerous classes" of people from Belarus, Ukraine, and the northwestern part of European Russia. Siberian researchers note that deportations of this period may be characterized as "depeasantization" () as peasants represented a significant share of those who experienced this kind of repression. In 1928, the Soviet Union underwent a goods famine known as the soviet grain crisis; this led to the forced collectivization of agriculture. As a result, the government began to subject members of the farming population of the countryside peasantry to a policy of mass deportations; they were forcibly removed and sent to the regions selected for deportations. This policy was enforced up until 1933, when soviet authorities conducted series of  so-called "city cleansings", by which they forced some of the marginalized population (peasants who had hid from earlier deportations, Romani people, and other targeted groups) to resettle.  Streets of many cities like Leningrad and Moscow were raided by militia and those who were caught were sent to the East. This policy had fatal consequences for some who were targeted; one example of the harsh environment to which deportees were subjected is the infamous Nazino tragedy of 1933 that happened near Tomsk. The impact on the deportees to Nazino Island was devastating; over 4,000 people died or disappeared within thirteen weeks, having been given only raw flour to survive. The early deportations coincided with dekulakization and passportization policies of the Soviet Union.

Paragraph 14: In the earlier period Scythian art included very vigorously modelled stylised animal figures, shown singly or in combat, that had a long-lasting and very wide influence on other Eurasian cultures as far apart as China and the European Celts.  As the Scythians came in contact with the Greeks at the Western end of their area, their artwork influenced Greek art, and was influenced by it; also many pieces were made by Greek craftsmen for Scythian customers. Although we know that goldsmith work was an important area of Ancient Greek art, very little has survived from the core of the Greek world, and finds from Scythian burials represent the largest group of pieces we now have.  The mixture of the two cultures in terms of the background of the artists, the origin of the forms and styles, and the possible history of the objects, gives rise to complex questions.  Many art historians feel that the Greek and Scythian styles were too far apart for works in a hybrid style to be as successful as those firmly in one style or the other. Other influences from urbanized civilizations such as those of Persia and China, and the mountain cultures of the Caucasus, also affected the art of their nomadic neighbours.

Paragraph 15: Three years later, Mike has the Mask of Shadows stripped away from him by the Les Chevaux  Archanés, a voodoo circle led by a man known as Pére Jean, who also restores Claudine by trapping Nettie in a govi. Mike discovers that Pére Jean is in league with a mysterious corporation known as Orb Industries, who is attempting harvest the energy of Deadside, the spiritual plane where all souls go when they die, without exception. While contending with Jean and Orb Industries, he is disheartened to learn of Persephone DeFilo's brutal murder at the hands of a female mercenary known as California Mah while struggling with the emptiness brought on by the mask's removal. As Michael sets out for revenge, he reunites with Claudine who informs him of Jean's true motives. From both Claudine and Jean, Mike learns the origin of the Mask of Shadows and discovers the true purpose of the Shadow Man, who is descended from a line of African voodoo warriors blessed with supernatural powers to protect the world from threats originating from Deadside. Mike is able to embrace his role as Shadow Man and regain the piece of his soul that was lost during the removal of the Mask of Shadows which he no longer needs to channel his powers. Unfortunately, California Mah attacks the Les Chevaux  Archanés temple and kills Pére Jean. A short time later, Mike comes into conflict with a group of transdimensional dinosaurs known as the Favored, who are working for Mah. During his struggle against the Favored, Mike travels to the timeless realm Ife where he meets a bokor named Namawambe who acts as his mentor. Upon returning to his dimension, the Favored reveal that Mah has kidnapped Claudine and Mike sets out to find her. Losing their trail in a sundown town in Georgia, Mike is ostracized and discriminated against by the racist townsfolk, forcing him to use his power to take the appearance of a dead white man. The townsfolk become more welcoming to Mike in his disguise but he is forced to battle a group of demons summoned by the Ku Klux Klan to kill him after they turn on everyone with "mongrel blood". Continuing his search for Claudine, Mike is pulled into Deadside by a mysterious force and uncovers a plot by the lord of chaos Erebus to escape to the mortal world. Mike allies with the souls of his uncle Thierry, a soldier who perished in the Vietnam War and his superior officer Ray Garrison. Garrison agrees to lead Mike to a portal back to the mortal world but upon arrival, he betrays him and attacks Thierry, revealing himself to be possessed by Erebus. Erebus reveals that Mike is his son before they prepare to battle, with Mike unaware that Claudine is the battery powering the gateway that pulled him into Deadside.

Paragraph 16: In the earlier period Scythian art included very vigorously modelled stylised animal figures, shown singly or in combat, that had a long-lasting and very wide influence on other Eurasian cultures as far apart as China and the European Celts.  As the Scythians came in contact with the Greeks at the Western end of their area, their artwork influenced Greek art, and was influenced by it; also many pieces were made by Greek craftsmen for Scythian customers. Although we know that goldsmith work was an important area of Ancient Greek art, very little has survived from the core of the Greek world, and finds from Scythian burials represent the largest group of pieces we now have.  The mixture of the two cultures in terms of the background of the artists, the origin of the forms and styles, and the possible history of the objects, gives rise to complex questions.  Many art historians feel that the Greek and Scythian styles were too far apart for works in a hybrid style to be as successful as those firmly in one style or the other. Other influences from urbanized civilizations such as those of Persia and China, and the mountain cultures of the Caucasus, also affected the art of their nomadic neighbours.

Paragraph 17: In The Spectator, No.11, Steele created a frame narrative that would come to be a very well known story in the eighteenth century, the story of Inkle and Yarico. Although the periodical essay was published on 13 March 1711, the story is based on Richard Ligon's publication in 1647. Ligon's publication, A True and Exact History of the Island of Barbadoes, reports on how the cruelties of the transatlantic slave trade contribute to slave-produced goods such as tobacco and sugarcane. Mr. Spectator goes to speak with an older woman, Arietta, whom many people visit to discuss various topics. When Mr. Spectator enters the room, there is already another man present speaking with Arietta. They are discussing "constancy in love," and the man uses the tale of The Ephesian Matron to support his point. Arietta is insulted and angered by the man's hypocrisy and sexism. She counters his tale with one of her own, the story of Inkle and Yarico. Thomas Inkle, a twenty-year-old man from London, sailed to the West Indies to increase his wealth through trade. While on an island, he encounters a group of Indians, who battle and kill many of his shipmates. After fleeing, Inkle hides in a cave where he discovers Yarico, an Indian maiden. They become enamored with one another's clothing and physical appearances, and Yarico for the next several months hides her lover from her people and provides him with food and fresh water. Eventually, a ship passes, headed for Barbadoes, and Inkle and Yarico use this opportunity to leave the island. After reaching the English colony, Inkle sells Yarico to a merchant, even after she tells him that she is pregnant. Arietta closes the tale stating that Inkle simply uses Yarico's declaration to argue for a higher price when selling her. Mr. Spectator is so moved by the legend that he takes his leave. Steele's text was so well known and influential that seven decades after his publication, George Colman modified the short story into a comic opera, showcasing three relationships between characters of varying social statuses to reach multiple audiences.

Paragraph 18: Alvarez attended several US military schools including Ranger, Special Forces and the Corps of Cadets at Texas A&M University, where he had the distinction of being the first cadet to receive commission in a foreign army. During Alvarez’s career he has been awarded several medals and recognitions including the Honduran Army Combat Medal, Commendation Medal, US Special Forces School Achievement Medal and Special Recognition from the US State Department, FBI and DEA. Mr. Alvarez has a BA in political science from Texas A&M University and has attended the School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) taking courses on International Relations and Security Studies.

Paragraph 19: Wilson's victory was partly due to the division of the opposition Republican Party into conservative and progressive factions. While many progressives stayed within the party framework, they maintained lukewarm relationships with Republican leadership. Others formed a third party known as the Progressives and several switched allegiance to the Democrats. A message of unity was portrayed by the Democrats, allowing this group to present themselves as above the bickering and corruption that had become associated with the Republican internal feud. Many of the new seats that were added after the prior census ended up in Democratic hands. In addition, William Kent, who had been elected to the House as a Republican in 1908, was elected to California's 1st congressional district as an Independent.

Paragraph 20: As of 1992, 172 federal mandates obliged state or local governments to fund programs to some extent. Beginning with the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as well as the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the United States federal government has designed laws that require state and local government spending to promote national goals. During the 1970s, the national government promoted education, mental health, and environmental programs by implementing grant projects at a state and local level; the grants were so common that the federal assistance for these programs made up over a quarter of state and local budgets. The rise in federal mandates led to more mandate regulation. During the Reagan Administration, Executive Order 12291 and the State and Local Cost Estimate Act of 1981 were passed, which implemented a careful examination of the true costs of federal unfunded mandates. More reform for federal mandates came in 1995 with the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA), which promoted a Congressional focus on the costs imposed onto intergovernmental entities and the private sector because of federal mandates. Familiar examples of Federal Unfunded Mandates in the United States include the Americans with Disabilities Act and Medicaid.

Paragraph 21: Three years later, Mike has the Mask of Shadows stripped away from him by the Les Chevaux  Archanés, a voodoo circle led by a man known as Pére Jean, who also restores Claudine by trapping Nettie in a govi. Mike discovers that Pére Jean is in league with a mysterious corporation known as Orb Industries, who is attempting harvest the energy of Deadside, the spiritual plane where all souls go when they die, without exception. While contending with Jean and Orb Industries, he is disheartened to learn of Persephone DeFilo's brutal murder at the hands of a female mercenary known as California Mah while struggling with the emptiness brought on by the mask's removal. As Michael sets out for revenge, he reunites with Claudine who informs him of Jean's true motives. From both Claudine and Jean, Mike learns the origin of the Mask of Shadows and discovers the true purpose of the Shadow Man, who is descended from a line of African voodoo warriors blessed with supernatural powers to protect the world from threats originating from Deadside. Mike is able to embrace his role as Shadow Man and regain the piece of his soul that was lost during the removal of the Mask of Shadows which he no longer needs to channel his powers. Unfortunately, California Mah attacks the Les Chevaux  Archanés temple and kills Pére Jean. A short time later, Mike comes into conflict with a group of transdimensional dinosaurs known as the Favored, who are working for Mah. During his struggle against the Favored, Mike travels to the timeless realm Ife where he meets a bokor named Namawambe who acts as his mentor. Upon returning to his dimension, the Favored reveal that Mah has kidnapped Claudine and Mike sets out to find her. Losing their trail in a sundown town in Georgia, Mike is ostracized and discriminated against by the racist townsfolk, forcing him to use his power to take the appearance of a dead white man. The townsfolk become more welcoming to Mike in his disguise but he is forced to battle a group of demons summoned by the Ku Klux Klan to kill him after they turn on everyone with "mongrel blood". Continuing his search for Claudine, Mike is pulled into Deadside by a mysterious force and uncovers a plot by the lord of chaos Erebus to escape to the mortal world. Mike allies with the souls of his uncle Thierry, a soldier who perished in the Vietnam War and his superior officer Ray Garrison. Garrison agrees to lead Mike to a portal back to the mortal world but upon arrival, he betrays him and attacks Thierry, revealing himself to be possessed by Erebus. Erebus reveals that Mike is his son before they prepare to battle, with Mike unaware that Claudine is the battery powering the gateway that pulled him into Deadside.

Paragraph 22: Yor finds allies in a group of rebels led by the scientist, Ena, and the mysterious blind Elder, who have been plotting to overthrow the Overlord for years. After being rescued by Ena, Yor and the rebels join forces to attack the Overlord and his androids. Ena leads them to the fortress's atomic stockpile, where they plant explosives powerful enough to destroy it and the fortress. The Elder remains behind and slowly deactivates the android army, buying time for the others to escape. The Overlord pursues them in an attempt to stop the stockpile's destruction and briefly engages Yor in combat, overwhelming him temporarily. As the Overlord enters an elevator, Yor grabs a nearby pole and hurls it through the window, impaling the villain. Mortally wounded, the Overlord struggles onward toward the stockpile as Yor and Ena continue to lead the others to safety. Pag orders them to keep going while he fends off the androids, but he loses his weapon and gets cornered by them. Ena and the rebels quickly rush to his aid, but just as the androids are about to kill Pag, the Elder deactivates them. The group quickly boards one of the Overlord's ships just as the Overlord himself reaches the stockpile control room. But before he can stop the bomb, it explodes, and he succumbs to his injuries and slowly dies. At the same moment, the Overlord's spacecraft, carrying Yor, Kalaa, Pag, Ena and the rebels flies out of the hangar to safety while the Overlord's facility explodes behind them. As the movie ends and the ship flies off into the distance, the narrator intones: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"

Paragraph 23: Yor finds allies in a group of rebels led by the scientist, Ena, and the mysterious blind Elder, who have been plotting to overthrow the Overlord for years. After being rescued by Ena, Yor and the rebels join forces to attack the Overlord and his androids. Ena leads them to the fortress's atomic stockpile, where they plant explosives powerful enough to destroy it and the fortress. The Elder remains behind and slowly deactivates the android army, buying time for the others to escape. The Overlord pursues them in an attempt to stop the stockpile's destruction and briefly engages Yor in combat, overwhelming him temporarily. As the Overlord enters an elevator, Yor grabs a nearby pole and hurls it through the window, impaling the villain. Mortally wounded, the Overlord struggles onward toward the stockpile as Yor and Ena continue to lead the others to safety. Pag orders them to keep going while he fends off the androids, but he loses his weapon and gets cornered by them. Ena and the rebels quickly rush to his aid, but just as the androids are about to kill Pag, the Elder deactivates them. The group quickly boards one of the Overlord's ships just as the Overlord himself reaches the stockpile control room. But before he can stop the bomb, it explodes, and he succumbs to his injuries and slowly dies. At the same moment, the Overlord's spacecraft, carrying Yor, Kalaa, Pag, Ena and the rebels flies out of the hangar to safety while the Overlord's facility explodes behind them. As the movie ends and the ship flies off into the distance, the narrator intones: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"

Paragraph 24: Vape shops are mainly small, independent businesses. They are started by owners of tobacco retailers and small bands of investors. There are also regional chains. The majority of vape shops are owned by individuals who vape. Vape shop owners mainly use the internet to get information on e-cigarettes, rather than rely on science-based evidence. The main source of information on e-cigarette products for vape shops is social media channels. Information is also obtained from e-cigarette company sales representatives and vape product warehouses, which could play a key role in informing vape shops of new e-cigarette products and in guiding shops on which items to offer and sell. Vape shops owners believe e-cigarettes are a lot safer than traditional cigarettes. Vape shop owners generally believe vaping is a habit. Vape shop owners described e-cigarette use as a hobby. Several vape shop owners stated that vaping provided an option to use nicotine in places where smoking was banned. Vape shop owners did not consider e-liquid nicotine addictive. Many vape shop owners thought that smokers have an addiction to the other chemicals in cigarettes, but not nicotine. Vape shop retailers demonstrated little interest in dealing with nicotine addiction. It has been reported that many vape shop owners do not know all of the substances contained in e-liquids. Some vape shop owners recognized that some e-liquids were made in unsanitary conditions. Retailers said that e-cigarette vapors is made up of merely water vapors, however, the evidence does not support this assertion. According to the view of among vape shop owners, Big Tobacco's entrance in the vaping industry will remain unsettling, as they pay for influence in the marketability of these devices, particularly to a younger audience. Some vape shop owners believed that it would be better if e-cigarettes were not regulated as tobacco products and thought that Big Tobacco was responsible for the proposed US FDA rules. A 2018 study found that local vape shops were often unaware of pending regulation in the US. This may be because vape shops struggled just to stay open: 20% of the sample closed over the course of a year, a 2018 report stated. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in 2019 that more than 380 cases of lung illness and six confirmed deaths across the US was linked to vaping, but TD Bowen, co-owner of Moon Mountain vape shop and e-liquids, says it is illicit vaping products that is the culprit. "I feel like it's a blatant lie though, the headlines, because it's not e-cigarettes that are doing it. There are ingredients and illicit drugs that are being sold on the street," said TD Bowen.

Paragraph 25: In the late 1980s, Sanders created an allegorical picture book entitled The Big Bear Aircraft Company, with the subheading "A book for the big retreat" clarifying that it was created for a Disney offsite event. The Big Bear Aircraft Company is a thinly disguised version of Disney itself, and the book is critical of the creative process at the company, which prioritized "big ideas, figuring they will be big successes" and noted that if proposed aircraft (i.e., movie ideas) "don't look the same as the ones [that were] built before, [the boss, Big Bear] gets uncomfortable." After handing each idea pitched by the "visual engineer" to a writer who "likes airplanes" but "has actually never worked on one before, and couldn't tell you for sure what makes one fly", the story states the assigned writer "is guaranteed of making the same mistakes every time. He will make his airplane look like every one he's seen before ..." In the end, the head of the company, Big Bear, gets an airplane that is "a lot like last year's; not very inspiring and not very memorable. But people bought it before, and they'll probably buy it again. By playing it safe, he's insured his company's survival." However, since it is not the only aircraft company, these policies are destined to leave the company vulnerable to more imaginative competitors "with its wings of good reputation all shot off." The story concludes that Big Bear should instead give the visual engineers "the two things they need to do their job: Bear's trust and time" to allow smaller, more innovative ideas to flourish. Years later, to explain his motivation regarding the piece, Sanders wrote about his concern over "the ever-growing complexity of our films, and what I saw as an emerging pattern they were all cut from", citing the example that during the story development for Mulan, one of the major concerns was the manner of the villain's death rather than the idea that the villain had to die at all. This in turn motivated him to develop Lilo & Stitch, which he summarized as "a story about a villain who becomes a hero."

Paragraph 26: In the late 1980s, Sanders created an allegorical picture book entitled The Big Bear Aircraft Company, with the subheading "A book for the big retreat" clarifying that it was created for a Disney offsite event. The Big Bear Aircraft Company is a thinly disguised version of Disney itself, and the book is critical of the creative process at the company, which prioritized "big ideas, figuring they will be big successes" and noted that if proposed aircraft (i.e., movie ideas) "don't look the same as the ones [that were] built before, [the boss, Big Bear] gets uncomfortable." After handing each idea pitched by the "visual engineer" to a writer who "likes airplanes" but "has actually never worked on one before, and couldn't tell you for sure what makes one fly", the story states the assigned writer "is guaranteed of making the same mistakes every time. He will make his airplane look like every one he's seen before ..." In the end, the head of the company, Big Bear, gets an airplane that is "a lot like last year's; not very inspiring and not very memorable. But people bought it before, and they'll probably buy it again. By playing it safe, he's insured his company's survival." However, since it is not the only aircraft company, these policies are destined to leave the company vulnerable to more imaginative competitors "with its wings of good reputation all shot off." The story concludes that Big Bear should instead give the visual engineers "the two things they need to do their job: Bear's trust and time" to allow smaller, more innovative ideas to flourish. Years later, to explain his motivation regarding the piece, Sanders wrote about his concern over "the ever-growing complexity of our films, and what I saw as an emerging pattern they were all cut from", citing the example that during the story development for Mulan, one of the major concerns was the manner of the villain's death rather than the idea that the villain had to die at all. This in turn motivated him to develop Lilo & Stitch, which he summarized as "a story about a villain who becomes a hero."

Paragraph 27: While a member of the volunteer Knickerbocker Engine Company No. 12, Alexander Joy Cartwright became involved in playing town ball (an older game similar to baseball) with the Gotham Club of New York at Murray Hill in Manhattan. In 1845, several members of the Gothams felt the club had grown too large for their "fastidious" tastes, and broke away to create an invitation-only ball club. They found a playing field, the Elysian Fields, a large tree-filled parkland across the Hudson River in Hoboken, New Jersey run by Colonel John Stevens, which charged $75 a year to rent. In order to pay the rental fees, Cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money. The club was named the "Knickerbockers", in honor of the fire company of which Cartwright was a member. The Knickerbockers club was organized on September 23, 1845. The first officers were Duncan F. Curry, president, William R. Wheaton, vice-president, and William H. Tucker, secretary-treasurer.

Paragraph 28: The Public Enemy signed with the World Wrestling Federation in early 1999. They were not accepted "backstage" by veteran WWF wrestlers and backstage personnel due to animosity over the fact that The Public Enemy chose WCW over the WWF when the two companies were pursuing the tag team in late 1995. Rocco Rock was also forced to change his name and go by the shortened name "Flyboy" Rocco, in order not to "cause confusion" with The Rock. They made their WWF debut on the February 22, 1999, episode of Raw is War, defeating The Brood by disqualification. In the two months they lasted in the WWF, their most notable appearance was losing a squash match against the Acolytes on Sunday Night Heat in Pittsburgh; following a brief feud with APA and The Public Enemy's subsequent release, the APA claimed that they "ran The Public Enemy out" of the WWF. They said they could do the same to another famous ECW tag team (the Dudley Boyz); after the Dudley Boyz succeeded in the feud, it was commonly referred to as "Passing the Acolyte Test" since the Dudley Boyz did get over after a feud with the APA while The Public Enemy failed. In 2013, John "Bradshaw" Layfield elaborated that much of the animosity was due to them being brought into the company by Terry Taylor, who had his own backstage issues with much of the wrestlers, including the Acolytes. They had also desired to change the planned finish of the squash match, which involved them being driven through tables by the Acolytes. The Acolytes were instructed only to ensure that they go through with the planned finish of the match, leading to the match to be turned into a legitimate shoot, with The Acolytes dominating Public Enemy for the entirety of the four-minute match. Public Enemy would wrestle a final time on March 30, 1999 in a match taped for Shotgun Saturday Night, losing to the Hardy Boys via disqualification. The match was aired on television on April 10, 1999. Shortly after airing, both members of Public Enemy were released in mid-April, along with "Dr Death." Steve Williams (who main-evented that same episode), Bart Gunn, and LOD 2000.

Paragraph 29: Sultan al-Ashraf Khalil built a qa'a (reception hall) in 1291-1292, referred to as the Qa'a al-Ashrafiyya. Its remains were excavated in the late 20th century and are still visible today, just west of the present-day gate called Bab al-'Alam (Gate of the Flag), across the terrace from the current Police Museum. The remains indicate that the walls of the hall were decorated with multi-coloured marble paneling along the lower walls (a dado), above which was a small frieze of marble mosaics with mother-of-pearl and other marble reliefs, and above all this were panels of glass mosaics with scenes of trees and palaces which are reminiscent of the mosaics of the Ummayyad Mosque and Mausoleum of Baybars in Damascus.Abdulfattah, Iman R. and Mamdouh Mohamed Sakr (2012), "Glass Mosaics in a Royal Mamluk Hall: Context, Content, and Interpretation", in Doris Behrens-Abouseif (ed.), The Arts of the Mamluks in Egypt and Syria – Evolution and Impact (Bonn: Bonn University Press), pp. 203-222. (During excavations the mosaics were removed for study and restoration.) The hall also had a central octagonal fountain of marble and the floor was paved with marble mosaics arranged in geometric patterns. It was one of the few structures in this area which al-Nasir Muhammad did not destroy but instead re-used for various purposes, and in the Burji Mamluk period it seems to have replaced the Dar al-Niyaba as the palace of the vice-regent. Al-Ashraf also, once again, demolished the qubba or domed throne hall of his father Qalawun and replaced it with his own structure, the Iwan al-Ashrafiyya (the word "iwan" seems to have been used from then on for this particular type of building). This new throne hall differed from previous incarnations in one notable respect: it was painted with pictures of al-Ashraf's amirs (commanders), each with their rank inscribed above his head.

Paragraph 30: Sultan al-Ashraf Khalil built a qa'a (reception hall) in 1291-1292, referred to as the Qa'a al-Ashrafiyya. Its remains were excavated in the late 20th century and are still visible today, just west of the present-day gate called Bab al-'Alam (Gate of the Flag), across the terrace from the current Police Museum. The remains indicate that the walls of the hall were decorated with multi-coloured marble paneling along the lower walls (a dado), above which was a small frieze of marble mosaics with mother-of-pearl and other marble reliefs, and above all this were panels of glass mosaics with scenes of trees and palaces which are reminiscent of the mosaics of the Ummayyad Mosque and Mausoleum of Baybars in Damascus.Abdulfattah, Iman R. and Mamdouh Mohamed Sakr (2012), "Glass Mosaics in a Royal Mamluk Hall: Context, Content, and Interpretation", in Doris Behrens-Abouseif (ed.), The Arts of the Mamluks in Egypt and Syria – Evolution and Impact (Bonn: Bonn University Press), pp. 203-222. (During excavations the mosaics were removed for study and restoration.) The hall also had a central octagonal fountain of marble and the floor was paved with marble mosaics arranged in geometric patterns. It was one of the few structures in this area which al-Nasir Muhammad did not destroy but instead re-used for various purposes, and in the Burji Mamluk period it seems to have replaced the Dar al-Niyaba as the palace of the vice-regent. Al-Ashraf also, once again, demolished the qubba or domed throne hall of his father Qalawun and replaced it with his own structure, the Iwan al-Ashrafiyya (the word "iwan" seems to have been used from then on for this particular type of building). This new throne hall differed from previous incarnations in one notable respect: it was painted with pictures of al-Ashraf's amirs (commanders), each with their rank inscribed above his head.

Paragraph 31: The conscription issue divided the Labor Party and wider Australian community in 1916. While much of the Australian labour movement and general community was opposed to conscription, Australian Labor Prime Minister Billy Hughes and Premier Holman strongly supported conscription, and both crossed the floor to vote with the conservative parties, and both were expelled from the Labor Party. When Hughes met with the executive of NSW Labor in September 1916 to attempt to persuade them to back his conscription plan, he lost the vote 21–5 and was warned that he would be expelled if he continued to press the matter. Ernest Durack became state party leader, while Holman formed a coalition on 15 November 1916 with the leader of the opposition Liberal Reform Party, Charles Wade, with himself as Premier. Following the exodus of pro-conscription MPs from the party, many leaders of the Industrial Section took advantage of the new vacancies to secure selection for open seats. Early in 1917, Holman and his supporters merged with Liberal Reform to form the state branch of the Nationalist Party of Australia, with Holman as leader.  At the 1917 election, the Nationalists won a huge victory. During his leadership of the Nationalist government, Holman vigorously defended the government-owned enterprises from his fellow conservatives in power. Durack's leadership lasted only for about three months, and he was succeeded by John Storey in February 1917. In April 1918 the Industrial Section changed its name to the Industrial Vigilance Council, a change in part prompted by a leftward shift in the union movement influenced by the Great War and the Russian Revolution. At this point it was increasingly beset by internal divisions, in particular between the relatively conservative AWU and smaller unions and radicals such as the syndicalist-influenced Sam Rosa. This came to a head during 1919 due to divisions over whether conscription should end following the closing of the First World War and whether the Australian union movement should adopt the syndicalist principle of the One Big Union. The faction was wound up in August 1919, with many of its radicals such as Albert Willis going on to form the Industrial Socialist Labor Party. This left the state party firmly in the control of the AWU At the 1920 election, Holman and his Nationalists were thrown from office in a massive swing, being succeeded by a Labor Government led by Storey. Labor won the 1920 election with a majority of one.

Paragraph 32: In Roland a Saragosse, Oliver appears as Roland's friend and also something of a caretaker, assigned by Charlemagne to watch out for the younger and somewhat impetuous Roland.  In the story, Roland is invited by Brammimonde, the queen of the Moors, to visit her at Saragossa.  He and Oliver ride to the city without Roland telling Oliver the nature of his errand.  As the two look out over the city, Roland asks Oliver to promise him a favour. Oliver, not suspecting any foul play, readily agrees, rather like an older brother to a younger. Roland asks Oliver to not accompany him into Saragosse so that Roland can claim all the glory and all the Queen's favor for himself.  He leaves an outraged Oliver behind and succeeds in finding the queen and receiving a magnificent cloak from her.  However, as he attempts to escape Saragossa Roland is surrounded by Saracens.  He calls to Oliver for help, but the latter does not budge from his hill.  Only when Roland is unhorsed and seems in grave danger of capture does Oliver, after a little more hesitation, ride down to the battle.  He kills many Saracens and then leads a horse to Roland, then leaves the battle again.  Then Oliver and his knights angrily leave Charlemagne's camp and capture the minor Saracen city of Gorreya.  Roland rides out after them, intending to apologise to Oliver.  When he arrives at Gorreya, Oliver disguises himself as a Saracen and goes outside the city to do battle with Roland.  Roland knocks Oliver off his horse, but at a signal from Oliver all of the rest of his knights, also disguised as Saracens, exit the city and surround Roland.  Just as before, outside Saragossa, Roland is trapped and outnumbered, and this time, realising that Oliver is not there to save him, Roland surrenders.  Only then does Oliver remove his disguise and the two are reconciled.

Paragraph 33: The Public Enemy signed with the World Wrestling Federation in early 1999. They were not accepted "backstage" by veteran WWF wrestlers and backstage personnel due to animosity over the fact that The Public Enemy chose WCW over the WWF when the two companies were pursuing the tag team in late 1995. Rocco Rock was also forced to change his name and go by the shortened name "Flyboy" Rocco, in order not to "cause confusion" with The Rock. They made their WWF debut on the February 22, 1999, episode of Raw is War, defeating The Brood by disqualification. In the two months they lasted in the WWF, their most notable appearance was losing a squash match against the Acolytes on Sunday Night Heat in Pittsburgh; following a brief feud with APA and The Public Enemy's subsequent release, the APA claimed that they "ran The Public Enemy out" of the WWF. They said they could do the same to another famous ECW tag team (the Dudley Boyz); after the Dudley Boyz succeeded in the feud, it was commonly referred to as "Passing the Acolyte Test" since the Dudley Boyz did get over after a feud with the APA while The Public Enemy failed. In 2013, John "Bradshaw" Layfield elaborated that much of the animosity was due to them being brought into the company by Terry Taylor, who had his own backstage issues with much of the wrestlers, including the Acolytes. They had also desired to change the planned finish of the squash match, which involved them being driven through tables by the Acolytes. The Acolytes were instructed only to ensure that they go through with the planned finish of the match, leading to the match to be turned into a legitimate shoot, with The Acolytes dominating Public Enemy for the entirety of the four-minute match. Public Enemy would wrestle a final time on March 30, 1999 in a match taped for Shotgun Saturday Night, losing to the Hardy Boys via disqualification. The match was aired on television on April 10, 1999. Shortly after airing, both members of Public Enemy were released in mid-April, along with "Dr Death." Steve Williams (who main-evented that same episode), Bart Gunn, and LOD 2000.

Paragraph 34: In 2001, Buckland became the first athlete in history to win the 100m, 200m and the 4 × 100 m relay at the Francophone Games in Ottawa, Canada. In the 100m, he beat Canadian Bruny Surin, one of the fastest man on Earth, in a time of 10.13, setting a new national record. He then won the 200m final in 20.33 after winning his qualification and semifinal races in 20.62 and 20.66 respectively. He then anchored the Mauritian relay team to gold with a new national record of 39.04. What followed was even better. At the IAAF World Athletics Championships in Edmonton, Canada, Stephan Buckland reached the final for the first time finishing sixth in 20.24. He broke the national record in his quarterfinal race running 20.23 and then again the following day, in his semifinal race with a time of 20.15. He also reached the semifinal of the 4 × 100 m relay with Eric Milazar, Fernando Augustin, and Arnaud Casquette by setting a new national record of 38.99 seconds. With all these amazing performances, many Mauritians had found their new national hero and Buckland was given an honourable welcome after his return from Edmonton. Together with Eric Milazar, who finished fourth in the 400m at the World Championships, they were congratulated by the Prime Minister and treated with a parade in Port Louis. His performance also gave him entry to many Golden League competitions in Europe. He finished seventh at the Weltklasse Golden League in Zurich, Switzerland and again at the Memorial Van Damme Golden League in Bruxelles, Belgium, in times of 20.63 and 20.42 respectively. He was also selected to represent Mauritius at the Goodwill Games in Brisbane, Australia where he took seventh place in 20.92. He ended his season by running his first 300m race at the Apres Midi Des Stars Meeting Reduit, taking second place and beaten by compatriot Eric Milazar. This race was more of a treat for the public who came in large numbers to see the island's two best athletes square off.

Paragraph 35: The strip was created by Jack Berrill, who modeled and named Thorp after baseball player Gil Hodges and Olympic athlete Jim Thorpe. The setting of Milford is named for New Milford, Connecticut when he began writing the strip. Berrill continued the strip until he died of cancer on March 14, 1996. Over the course of his 38 years, Berrill broke ground with many of his stories, often dealing with sensitive social issues of the day. As editorial standards relaxed, he was able to move from stories about jalopies and after-school jobs to topics like teen pregnancy, divorce, steroids, and sexual harassment.

Paragraph 36: The Adda's true source is in Alpisella valley near the head of the Fraele glen, but its volume is increased by the union with several smaller streams, near the town of Bormio, at the Rhaetian Alps. Thence it flows first southwest, then due west, through the fertile Valtellina, passing Tirano, where the Poschiavino falls in on the right bank, and Sondrio, where the Mallero joins, also on the right. This first half of the course of the Adda makes it the only big river of northern Italy to flow from east to west. It falls into Lake Como, at its northern end, and mainly forms that lake. On issuing from its southeastern or Lecco arm, it crosses the plain of Lombardy where it is joined from the left by the Brembo, Serio, and finally, after a course of about , joins the Po,  above Cremona.

Paragraph 37: A nacatamal is made up of mostly nixtamalized corn masa (a kind of dough traditionally made from a process called nizquezar) and lard, but includes seasonings such as salt and achiote (annatto). This combination is traditionally cooked in a large batch over a wood fire. The result becomes the base for the nacatamal and it is also referred to as masa. This base is ladled onto plantain leaves used for wrapping into large individual portions. The leaves undergo their own preparation separately. Before a nacatamal can be wrapped and brought to the last stage of the cooking process, it must be filled. The filling usually consists of annatto-seasoned pork meat; rice; slices of potatoes, bell peppers, tomatoes, and onions; olives; spearmint sprigs; and chile , a very small, egg-shaped chile found in Nicaragua. On occasion, prunes, raisins or capers can be added. The masa and filling are then wrapped in the plantain leaves, tied with a string, and made into pillow-shaped bundles. These nacatamales are then steamed or pressure-cooked for several hours. The entire process is very labor-intensive and it often requires preparation over the course of two days; it may be necessary to involve the whole family to complete it.