Paragraph 1: The western terminus of SR 56 is near Hazleton at U.S. Route 41.  SR 56 heads northeast to Hazleton.  After Hazleton SR 56 turns southeast then back northeast, until State Road 65 (SR 65).  Where SR 56 heads east towards Petersburg, in Petersburg SR 56 is Concurrent with State Road 57 (SR 57), until the intersection with State Road 61 (SR 61).  SR 56 leaves Petersburg concurrent with SR 61 heading south, until SR 56 turns east.  South of Otwell SR 56 has an intersection with State Road 257.  SR 56 enters Jasper on the west side and then has an intersection with U.S. Route 231, the two routes are concurrent until they leave Jasper on the north side of town.  North of Jasper SR 56 turns east towards Paoli passing through French Lick.  East of Paoli SR 56 heads towards Salem passing through an intersection with State Road 337 before passing by the entrance to Salem Speedway.  SR 56 and State Road 60 have a concurrency from the west side of Salem to downtown Salem.  SR 56 leaves Salem heading northeast, then turning east near the southern terminus of State Road 39 (SR 39).  After SR 39, SR 56 passing over Interstate 65 (I-65).  Then SR 56 enters Scottsburg where SR 56 has an intersection with U.S. Route 31.  After leaving Scottsburg, SR 56 has a concurrency with State Road 203 and State Road 3.  Then SR 56 heads toward Hanover where SR 56 and State Road 62 (SR 62) has a concurrency.  East of Hanover SR 62 turns north and SR 56 heads east.  East of the intersection with SR 62, SR 56 has an intersection with State Road 256 (SR 256).  Then SR 56 enters Madison where SR 56 has an intersection with the southern terminus of State Road 7 and a concurrency with U.S. Route 421.  East of Madison SR 56 parallels the Ohio River.  Then in Vevay SR 56 has an intersection with the southern terminus of State Road 129 and the western terminus of State Road 156 (SR 156).  After Vevay SR 56 heads north-northeast toward Aurora passing through intersection with State Road 250, SR 156, and State Road 262, passing through the town of Rising Sun.  The northern terminus SR 56 is at an intersection with U.S. Route 50 and State Road 350.

Paragraph 2: The Center of Jewish Studies Shanghai (CJSS) was established in 1988 as an institute of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, the oldest and second biggest political think tank in PR China.Under Prof. PAN Guang’s leadership the CJSS has established itself as one of the leading research institutes in China studying Judaism and Israeli affairs. The CJSS focuses its research on three academic fields: (1) the Shanghai Jewish Refugees (Holocaust refugees during World War II), (2) the remnants of Jewish communities in China (the largest of which are in Tianjin, Harbin and Kaifeng) and (3) political studies on the Near East. Amongst the publications of the CJSS are “The Jews of China”, “The Jewish Civilization”, “The Revitalization of the Jewish People” and “Jews in China: Legends, History and New Perspectives”. The CJSS has organized several national as well as international academic conferences along with so-called Rickshaw Reunions (reunions of Holocaust refugees who survived the Holocaust in Shanghai). Since 2006 the CJSS receives each year an Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servant from the Austrian Service Abroad. The Austrian Holocaust Memorial Servants‘ duties include: organizing Holocaust-related educational events, assisting the CJSS’ staff with organizing exhibitions and academic conferences, as well as translation and publication work and maintaining the CJSS’ archive. Providing tours for visitors of the CJSS and the Shanghai Jewish Refugees Museum (former Ohel Moshe Synagogue).

Paragraph 3: For The Rock Witchu Tour in 2008, she included "Let's Wait Awhile" in its set list. Phil Gallo of Variety praised her vocals during the performance of the song, praising her "startlingly full-bodied" vocal performance on the track. In contrast, Marsha Lederman of The Globe and Mail perceived that the performance was "a bit bumpy, and she seemed to be struggling a tad as she held her hand up to her ear in an effort to catch the right notes." On the Number Ones: Up Close and Personal tour, Jackson used a diamond-encrusted lavender gown to perform a ballad medley of "Nothing," "Come Back to Me," and "Let's Wait Awhile." Annabel Ross of Sydney's "Everguide" praised Janet for "hitting some impressive high notes herself." Joanna Chaundy of The Independent agreed, calling it "the highlight of the show's first half since her voice was more audible and still in fine form." The song was also included in Jackson's 2015-2016 Unbreakable World Tour; writing for the Hartford Courant, Thomas Kintner pointed out that the performance showcased "that even though singing is not the most evocative part of her repertoire, it generates smallish vocal flourishes to augment her pleasant baseline tone." It was included as a video interlude on the second leg of the State of the World Tour. Jackson included the song at her 2019 Las Vegas residence Janet Jackson: Metamorphosis. It was also included on her special concert series Janet Jackson: A Special 30th Anniversary Celebration of Rhythm Nation in 2019.

Paragraph 4: In 1745 the strength of the Clan was estimated as 500 by Duncan Forbes, Lord Culloden. On 23 December 1745, 300 men of the Clan Farquharson had fought as Jacobites in their victory at the Battle of Inverurie (1745). During the Jacobite rising of 1745, the cousin of John Farquharson was Lady Anne Farquharson-MacKintosh who was wife of Angus Mackintosh, chief of Clan Mackintosh. Angus Mackintosh was in fact a serving officer in the Black Watch regiment of the British Army and he was captured at the Battle of Prestonpans by Jacobite forces. Mackintosh was sent home to Moy having been given parole not to take arms against the Jacobites and when he arrived he was greeted by his wife, Anne Farquharson, who said "Your servant, captain" to which he replied "Your servant, colonel". She was ever after known as Colonel Anne. Anne later saved Charles Edward Stuart from capture in what is known as the Rout of Moy. Anne was imprisoned for six weeks after the Battle of Culloden. Francis Farquharson of Monaltrie led the Farquharsons at the Battle of Culloden and although he survived he was imprisoned and was condemned to death, but was lucky enough to have his execution reduced to exile.

Paragraph 5: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 6: In Ancient times, the island played a minor role during the Persian Wars. In 480 BC, the fleet of the Persian King Xerxes was hit by a storm and was badly damaged on the rocks of the Skiathos coast. Following this the Greek fleet blockaded the adjacent seas to prevent the Persians from invading the mainland and supplying provisions to the army facing the 300 Spartans defending the pass at Thermopylae. The Persian fleet was defeated there at Artemisium and finally destroyed at the Battle of Salamis a year later. Skiathos then became part of the Delian League. The city was destroyed by Philip V of Macedon in 200 BC.

Paragraph 7: Heading into April and given their advantage at the top of the table, Norwich knew that all that was required was to see the job through to earn promotion. However, the first game of the month proved to be one of the more bizarre games of the season. Away to struggling Tranmere, the home side were awarded two highly dubious penalties in the opening 10 minutes, scoring both, with Fraser Forster also being sent off for Norwich. Tranmere then added a third despite a clear handball, to leave the Canaries furious with the inexplicable performance of referee Eddie Ilderton, before they managed a consolation goal in the second half  - but the damage had already been done and the game ended 3–1. Norwich were at least given the perfect opportunity to put things right after that with a home game against bottom team Stockport County following three days later. Whilst the Canaries were far from their best, the game ended in a 2–1 home win that saw Grant Holt become the first Norwich player since 1964 to score 30 goals in a season. MK Dons were the visitors to Carrow Road a few days later in what proved to be a fiery affair. The Dons went 1–0 up in the first half, with City being denied a clear-cut penalty in the second half as the game grew increasingly bad-tempered - the visitors racked up a total of 9 yellow cards (including two for goal-scorer Aaron Wilbraham which saw led to his dismissal) - but once again Chris Martin scored a late goal to rescue a point. With promotion looking as if it could be sealed as early as the next game, City headed to east London to play mid-table Leyton Orient, backed by a bumper away crowd. Unfortunately, it wasn't to be their day as the Canaries were defeated 2–1 by a spirited home side. However, they had a chance to put this right at Charlton. If results went their way, Norwich could be promoted with a win at the ground at which they were relegated 11 months previously. City went ahead through a Michael Nelson header in the first half and, after some terrific saves from Fraser Forster, survived the Charlton onslaught to seal the win and promotion back to the Championship at the first time of asking. Considering their opening day mauling and the 15-point lead that Leeds had once held, it was a monumental achievement for Norwich. It also meant that they only needed 1 point from their remaining three games to seal the title - which was duly delivered in their next game following a 2-0 home win over Gillingham.

Paragraph 8: The creative rush that followed Norman's healing was expressed on Stranded In Babylon which saw him collaborate with his younger brother Charles "Charly" Norman. After four months in the recording studio in Sweden, and overdubbing in Norway by the Albino Brothers (Norman and his brother, Charly), in 1991 Norman released through Spark Music the European version of Stranded in Babylon, an album which was recorded in Sweden in 1988. Hailed by both critics and fans as one of his best albums, it was praised as "a superb new album which sees a return to the form he showed to full effect on those classics like 'Only Visiting This Planet' and 'So Long Ago The Garden' back in the mid seventies" with 13 new "songs [that] are cleverly arranged and produced, with plenty of pertinent lyrical imagery and the sly wit of yore amongst the electric guitar solos and breezy (sampled?) saxophones" by Norman and his brother, Charly, who share all of the musical duties. Stranded in Babylon was named Album of the Year by Christian rock journals. Stranded in Babylon was conceived as the second album in a projected Second Trilogy that was planned to include (in order) a still unreleased Behind the Curtain, and the previously released Home at Last. Included on this album is "God Part III", which draws on John Lennon's "God" and the U2 riposte ("God II"); "Come Away", written about his 1973 meeting on the streets of Shepherd's Bush with prostitute Holly Valentine, who later became a Christian; and the autobiographical "Under The Eye", "which tells how Larry has, despite the last decade, always been watched and cared for". "Under the Eye" references "all the trouble and strife/And the things which went wrong and lasted so long", and "The mystery of love, the push and the shove/ Of friendship betrayed, of plans I mislaid,/ The oceans I crossed, the things that I lost/ And the world in my hand as dreams turned to sand", including his 1978 plane accident and his subsequent brain damage: "I crashed in a plane, I really damaged my brain/ And then I layed in my bed with all this music in my head./ The years have rolled by, I've watched the past die/ But feelings remained like mercy much strained./ Like a seed left unsown, like a leaf that was blown/Like a man who was blind, there was a lock on my mind", but also his 1991 healing: "Then a man came to me and he held out the key/ And the lock hinge was blown, I had never been alone". Norman's February 1992 heart attack delayed the release of the US version of this album until 1994.

Paragraph 9: It was a sister station to CIHF-TV-2 in Saint John. Both stations were branded as MITV (Maritimes Independent Television), and their schedules were almost identical. However, the stations offered separate newscasts to their respective provinces and opportunities for advertisers to buy ad space on one or both stations. Furthermore, although the Saint John station's callsign made it appear that it was a rebroadcaster of the Halifax station, both stations were separately licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). At the time, MITV was the only over-the-air independent television station in the area, with studios and main operation centre in Halifax, and all other functions in Saint John. As MITV shared owners with CHSJ-TV, a popular joke in the Maritimes was that MITV stood for "More Irving Television".

Paragraph 10: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 11: In 1745 the strength of the Clan was estimated as 500 by Duncan Forbes, Lord Culloden. On 23 December 1745, 300 men of the Clan Farquharson had fought as Jacobites in their victory at the Battle of Inverurie (1745). During the Jacobite rising of 1745, the cousin of John Farquharson was Lady Anne Farquharson-MacKintosh who was wife of Angus Mackintosh, chief of Clan Mackintosh. Angus Mackintosh was in fact a serving officer in the Black Watch regiment of the British Army and he was captured at the Battle of Prestonpans by Jacobite forces. Mackintosh was sent home to Moy having been given parole not to take arms against the Jacobites and when he arrived he was greeted by his wife, Anne Farquharson, who said "Your servant, captain" to which he replied "Your servant, colonel". She was ever after known as Colonel Anne. Anne later saved Charles Edward Stuart from capture in what is known as the Rout of Moy. Anne was imprisoned for six weeks after the Battle of Culloden. Francis Farquharson of Monaltrie led the Farquharsons at the Battle of Culloden and although he survived he was imprisoned and was condemned to death, but was lucky enough to have his execution reduced to exile.

Paragraph 12: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 13: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 14: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 15: Peruzzi began his Serie A career with Roma in 1987. He was loaned to Hellas Verona in 1989, but was one of the two Roma players (the other being Andrea Carnevale) to be suspended for a year in October 1990 after failing a doping test because of an appetite suppressant he was taking at the time, which contained the banned substance Phentermine. His signing with Juventus in 1991 successfully revived his career and he soon surpassed Stefano Tacconi as the club's starting goalkeeper, remaining with the team until 1999, and winning the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year Award in 1997 and 1998, as well as the Guerin d'oro in 1997. Peruzzi won three Serie A titles, a Coppa Italia, two Supercoppa Italiana titles, a UEFA Cup, a UEFA Super Cup, an Intercontinental Cup and was part of Juventus' 1996 UEFA Champions League title squad that defeated Ajax in the final on penalties, saving two in the final shoot-out. He also reached two more consecutive Champions League finals with the Turin-based club, as well as a semi-final finish during his final season with the club. Peruzzi also won a runners-up medal in the 1995 UEFA Cup final and in the 1992 Coppa Italia final, and was voted to the ESM Team of the Year during the 1996–97 and the 1997–98 seasons. Over this period, several Italian pundits began to consider him the best goalkeeper in the world, due to his consistency.

Paragraph 16: He began his career as a drummer, working primarily in the jazz fusion realm, appearing with John McLaughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Chick Corea, Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter and Weather Report, and Allan Holdsworth.  After being mentored by Quincy Jones, he transitioned into a role as a songwriter and producer, working in the 1980s and 1990s with numerous R & B acts such as Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Mariah Carey, as well as other singers across a number of genres.  In 2020, he became the drummer for Journey, replacing Steve Smith. In 2021, he became one of two drummers in the band alongside the returning Deen Castronovo prior to leaving in 2022. He appears on the band's album Freedom (2022), having co-produced and played on the album before his departure.

Paragraph 17: Heading into April and given their advantage at the top of the table, Norwich knew that all that was required was to see the job through to earn promotion. However, the first game of the month proved to be one of the more bizarre games of the season. Away to struggling Tranmere, the home side were awarded two highly dubious penalties in the opening 10 minutes, scoring both, with Fraser Forster also being sent off for Norwich. Tranmere then added a third despite a clear handball, to leave the Canaries furious with the inexplicable performance of referee Eddie Ilderton, before they managed a consolation goal in the second half  - but the damage had already been done and the game ended 3–1. Norwich were at least given the perfect opportunity to put things right after that with a home game against bottom team Stockport County following three days later. Whilst the Canaries were far from their best, the game ended in a 2–1 home win that saw Grant Holt become the first Norwich player since 1964 to score 30 goals in a season. MK Dons were the visitors to Carrow Road a few days later in what proved to be a fiery affair. The Dons went 1–0 up in the first half, with City being denied a clear-cut penalty in the second half as the game grew increasingly bad-tempered - the visitors racked up a total of 9 yellow cards (including two for goal-scorer Aaron Wilbraham which saw led to his dismissal) - but once again Chris Martin scored a late goal to rescue a point. With promotion looking as if it could be sealed as early as the next game, City headed to east London to play mid-table Leyton Orient, backed by a bumper away crowd. Unfortunately, it wasn't to be their day as the Canaries were defeated 2–1 by a spirited home side. However, they had a chance to put this right at Charlton. If results went their way, Norwich could be promoted with a win at the ground at which they were relegated 11 months previously. City went ahead through a Michael Nelson header in the first half and, after some terrific saves from Fraser Forster, survived the Charlton onslaught to seal the win and promotion back to the Championship at the first time of asking. Considering their opening day mauling and the 15-point lead that Leeds had once held, it was a monumental achievement for Norwich. It also meant that they only needed 1 point from their remaining three games to seal the title - which was duly delivered in their next game following a 2-0 home win over Gillingham.

Paragraph 18: These expansions can occur through either strand slippage or flap ligation. Okazaki fragments are a key element of the proposed error in DNA replication. It is suggested that the small size of Okazaki fragments, typically between 150 and 200 nucleotides long, makes them more likely to fall off or "slip" off the lagging strand, which creates room for trinucleotide repeats to attach to the lagging strand copy.	In addition to this possibility of trinucleotide repeat expansion changes occurring due to slippage of Okazaki fragments, the ability of CG-rich trinucleotide repeat expansion sequences to form a special hairpin, toroid, and triplex DNA structures contributes to this model, suggesting error occurs during DNA replication. Hairpin structures can form as a result of the freedom of the lagging strand during DNA replication and are typically observed to form in extremely long trinucleotide repeat sequences. Research has found that this hairpin formation depends on the orientation of the trinucleotide repeats within each CAG/CTG trinucleotide strand. Strands that have duplex formation by CTG repeats in the leading strand are observed to result in extra repeats, while those without CTG repeats in the leading strand result in repeat deletions. These intermediates can pause activity of the replication fork based on their interaction with DNA polymerases through strand slippage. Contractions occur when the replication fork skips over the intermediate on the Okazaki fragment. Expansions occur when the fork reverses and restarts, which forms a chicken-foot structure. This structure results in the unstable intermediate forming on the nascent leading strand, leading to further TRE. Furthermore, this intermediate can avoid mismatch repair due to its affinity for the MSH-2-MSH3 complex, which stabilizes the hairpin instead of repairing it.  In non-dividing cells, a process called flap-ligation can be responsible for TRE. 8-oxo-guanine DNA glycosylase removes a guanine and forms a nick in the sequence. The coding strand then forms a flap due to displacement, which prevents removal by an endonuclease. When the repair process finishes for either mechanism, the length of the expansion is equivalent to the number of triplet repeats involved in the formation of the hairpin intermediate.

Paragraph 19: Fighter pilots received the most attention in the annals of military aviation, since it produced high-scoring "aces" such as Manfred von Richthofen, known in German as  (the Red Air Fighter) and in English as The Red Baron. With 80 confirmed kills he is considered the most successful fighter pilot of the war. The very first "confirmed" German aerial fighter victory of the war credited to a synchronized-gun-equipped aircraft went to Leutnant Kurt Wintgens on 15 July 1915, after downing two similar Morane-Saulnier L parasol monoplanes to the victim on July 15, one each on July 1 and 4th that remained unconfirmed - this fortnight of unprecedented German aerial victories initiated the period of the Fokker Scourge. Other notable German pilots from the Fokker Scourge onwards included Ernst Udet, Erich Löwenhardt, Werner Voss, Josef Jacobs, Lothar von Richthofen, Wilhelm Frankl, Hermann Göring, Max Immelmann and the master aerial tactician Oswald Boelcke (the latter pair were the first to be awarded the Pour le Mérite, the highest decoration for gallantry for officers in the German Empire: simultaneously, on 12 January 1916, after shooting down eight Allied aeroplanes each). The award to Immelmann may have caused the decoration to acquire its popular nickname, the "Blue Max". With more and more pilots reaching this mark the required air victories were steadily increased to about 30 in 1918. In total 76 airmen were awarded the Pour le Mérite. 69 airmen received the "Goldenes Militär-Verdienst-Kreuz" (Military Merit Cross), the highest Prussian bravery award for non-commissioned officers and enlisted men. Among them were Gottfried Ehmann, the highest scoring air gunner of the war (12 victories). About 391 German pilots are credited with shooting down at least five Allied aircraft.

Paragraph 20: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 21: Fighter pilots received the most attention in the annals of military aviation, since it produced high-scoring "aces" such as Manfred von Richthofen, known in German as  (the Red Air Fighter) and in English as The Red Baron. With 80 confirmed kills he is considered the most successful fighter pilot of the war. The very first "confirmed" German aerial fighter victory of the war credited to a synchronized-gun-equipped aircraft went to Leutnant Kurt Wintgens on 15 July 1915, after downing two similar Morane-Saulnier L parasol monoplanes to the victim on July 15, one each on July 1 and 4th that remained unconfirmed - this fortnight of unprecedented German aerial victories initiated the period of the Fokker Scourge. Other notable German pilots from the Fokker Scourge onwards included Ernst Udet, Erich Löwenhardt, Werner Voss, Josef Jacobs, Lothar von Richthofen, Wilhelm Frankl, Hermann Göring, Max Immelmann and the master aerial tactician Oswald Boelcke (the latter pair were the first to be awarded the Pour le Mérite, the highest decoration for gallantry for officers in the German Empire: simultaneously, on 12 January 1916, after shooting down eight Allied aeroplanes each). The award to Immelmann may have caused the decoration to acquire its popular nickname, the "Blue Max". With more and more pilots reaching this mark the required air victories were steadily increased to about 30 in 1918. In total 76 airmen were awarded the Pour le Mérite. 69 airmen received the "Goldenes Militär-Verdienst-Kreuz" (Military Merit Cross), the highest Prussian bravery award for non-commissioned officers and enlisted men. Among them were Gottfried Ehmann, the highest scoring air gunner of the war (12 victories). About 391 German pilots are credited with shooting down at least five Allied aircraft.

Paragraph 22: George has been described as "shady". Moriarty has described his character's original outline as given to him by the production crew when he accepted the role: "The man’s background, as it was explained in the prepared bio which I received, was pretty nasty. He was a violent man-very bad news. He murdered people. He’d been this vicious boxer who punched and clawed his way up the ladder, disposing of a body here and there over the years if it helped him get to where he wanted to go. He wasn’t just into fencing stolen goods, you know! He was really meant to be this hard, ruthless bastard."  However, as Moriarty has inferred, his character altered somewhat from the original outline following the development of his relationship with the soap's matriarch Peggy Mitchell, played by Barbara Windsor: "Obviously the character evolved in a certain way as the writers wanted to pursue the idea of George being a love interest for one of their important leading ladies. They simply wouldn’t allow her to be involved with a cold-blooded murderer because that wouldn’t reflect well in her character. Besides, inevitable comparisons would have then been drawn between Peggy and George on EastEnders, and Barbara having been married in real life to a gangster, Ronnie Knight." Despite this, as author Kate Lock has suggested, "George Palmer's name carried serious clout in the criminal underworld" and it was these dalliances in illegal activity that eventually ended George and Peggy's romance. Moriarty has been asked about Peggy's negative reaction to George's criminality because, as the interviewer noted, Peggy's backstory consists of a first marriage to a suggested gangster, Eric Mitchell, and Peggy had accepted his dealings and turned a blind-eye. Moriarty responded, "I suppose [Peggy being] made landlady [of the soap's pub] did that to her - airs and graces! But that’s what happens on soaps if you stay a long-term character. You’ve got to be made sympathetic and even moral to an extent. So they had Peggy and George being all right for a while, and then George would inevitably screw up and they’d make up again - over and over. Barbara turned to me one night as we were driving home and said, 'This is getting to be bloody boring now, isn’t it?' She wasn’t half right. Quite frankly, the show didn’t know what to make of George. That’s why they brought on [his daughter] Annie [Nadia Sawalha] - to do the dirty work for him! That’s actually quite accurate of the East End villain these days. They swan around in these dapper suits and get someone else to hide the money-or the bodies."

Paragraph 23: Amiga Action took issue with the game's hardware requirements and the fact that both 2- and 4 MB versions suffered severe technical drawbacks. The magazine found that the 4 MB version was playable only when the screen size was scaled down to half and the lighting setting turned off, even on a 68060-powered Amiga with six megabytes. However, the 2 MB version, which the magazine found to have a much smoother performance, would run at the lowest possible screen resolution, and lacked lighting effects, and the built-in level editor only worked on Amiga machines with at least four megabytes. It also noted the artificial intelligence's flaws such as not being able to open doors. Amiga Power was more critical. Although it appeared to score the game an exceptionally high 98%, the actual scores for 2- and 4 MB versions ranged in the fifties, and the fake score was notably added to fool readers who skip straight to the bottom lines of the magazine's reviews. It similarly criticised the stiff hardware requirements, noting the lack of floor and ceiling textures in the 2 MB version means that the player sometimes cannot discern floor elevation and will thus unwittingly fall off ledges. The magazine went further to question the developer's design choices and the overall gameplay. It wrote that the enemies would occasionally alternate between attacking the player and seemingly "los[ing] interest and wanter[ing] away," and the player could run through them without trouble when cornered. It contrasted the game's pacing from that of the first Alien Breed 3D in that it is impossible to progress in certain situations without a certain amount of health before grabbing the next medikit, which is further complicated by the game saves occurring only between levels. The magazine wrote it felt that Team17 had not adequately playtested the game and called the game's deathmatch-only multiplayer mode a "waste of time" before concluding that Alien Breed 3D II: The Killing Grounds was "a comprehensive disappointment".

Paragraph 24: Reaction to the film was generally positive. Among reviews, Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times, gave the film three stars and noted how the film has "as much energy and color as any action picture this year, and it contains truly amazing dialogue." Ebert also complimented director Eastwood mentioning how he "caresses the material as if he didn't know B movies have gone out of style." Paul Attanasio of The Washington Post agreed saying, "Those with an endless appetite for this sort of tough-man-tender-chicken melodrama will enjoy watching Clint go up against these young punks and outrun, outshoot, outdrink and outpunch them, in the process lending an idea of what it means to be a . . . Marine." Another Washington Post staff writer, Rita Kempley, offered a different view, commenting that it was "always fun to see misguided machismo properly channeled into service of God, country or the National Hockey League. Isn't that the trouble with combat movies these days? From Top Gun to First Blood to Clint Eastwood's entertaining action drama Heartbreak Ridge, the empty-foxhole syndrome makes for non-endings." The staff at Variety added to the encouraging reviews, saying that the film "offers another vintage Clint Eastwood performance. There are enough mumbled half-liners in this contemporary war pic to satisfy those die-hards eager to see just how he portrays the consummate marine veteran." Vincent Canby of The New York Times expressed his satisfaction with the film, writing that "Eastwood's performance is one of the richest he's ever given. It's funny, laid-back, seemingly effortless, the sort that separates actors who are run-of-the-mill from those who have earned the right to be identified as stars."

Paragraph 25: On February 12, 2000, he defeated Jan Piet Bergman to win the vacant IBF Light Welterweight title. Bergman went down twice in the first round, but recovered in the second round, knocking Judah down. Judah knocked out Bergman in the fourth round to win the title. On June 20, 2000, Judah made his first title defense against Junior Witter in Glasgow, Scotland. It was an awkward fight for Judah, as Witter rarely engaged in an extended exchange of punches. Witter frequently switched between fighting right-handed and left-handed, making him an elusive opponent. Judah's consistent body punching slowed Witter down, and in the fifth round, Judah caught Witter with a straight left hand that hurt Witter and sent his mouthpiece skittering across the ring. Judah defeated Witter by unanimous decision.

Paragraph 26: Reaction to the film was generally positive. Among reviews, Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times, gave the film three stars and noted how the film has "as much energy and color as any action picture this year, and it contains truly amazing dialogue." Ebert also complimented director Eastwood mentioning how he "caresses the material as if he didn't know B movies have gone out of style." Paul Attanasio of The Washington Post agreed saying, "Those with an endless appetite for this sort of tough-man-tender-chicken melodrama will enjoy watching Clint go up against these young punks and outrun, outshoot, outdrink and outpunch them, in the process lending an idea of what it means to be a . . . Marine." Another Washington Post staff writer, Rita Kempley, offered a different view, commenting that it was "always fun to see misguided machismo properly channeled into service of God, country or the National Hockey League. Isn't that the trouble with combat movies these days? From Top Gun to First Blood to Clint Eastwood's entertaining action drama Heartbreak Ridge, the empty-foxhole syndrome makes for non-endings." The staff at Variety added to the encouraging reviews, saying that the film "offers another vintage Clint Eastwood performance. There are enough mumbled half-liners in this contemporary war pic to satisfy those die-hards eager to see just how he portrays the consummate marine veteran." Vincent Canby of The New York Times expressed his satisfaction with the film, writing that "Eastwood's performance is one of the richest he's ever given. It's funny, laid-back, seemingly effortless, the sort that separates actors who are run-of-the-mill from those who have earned the right to be identified as stars."

Paragraph 27: For The Rock Witchu Tour in 2008, she included "Let's Wait Awhile" in its set list. Phil Gallo of Variety praised her vocals during the performance of the song, praising her "startlingly full-bodied" vocal performance on the track. In contrast, Marsha Lederman of The Globe and Mail perceived that the performance was "a bit bumpy, and she seemed to be struggling a tad as she held her hand up to her ear in an effort to catch the right notes." On the Number Ones: Up Close and Personal tour, Jackson used a diamond-encrusted lavender gown to perform a ballad medley of "Nothing," "Come Back to Me," and "Let's Wait Awhile." Annabel Ross of Sydney's "Everguide" praised Janet for "hitting some impressive high notes herself." Joanna Chaundy of The Independent agreed, calling it "the highlight of the show's first half since her voice was more audible and still in fine form." The song was also included in Jackson's 2015-2016 Unbreakable World Tour; writing for the Hartford Courant, Thomas Kintner pointed out that the performance showcased "that even though singing is not the most evocative part of her repertoire, it generates smallish vocal flourishes to augment her pleasant baseline tone." It was included as a video interlude on the second leg of the State of the World Tour. Jackson included the song at her 2019 Las Vegas residence Janet Jackson: Metamorphosis. It was also included on her special concert series Janet Jackson: A Special 30th Anniversary Celebration of Rhythm Nation in 2019.

Paragraph 28: In 1745 the strength of the Clan was estimated as 500 by Duncan Forbes, Lord Culloden. On 23 December 1745, 300 men of the Clan Farquharson had fought as Jacobites in their victory at the Battle of Inverurie (1745). During the Jacobite rising of 1745, the cousin of John Farquharson was Lady Anne Farquharson-MacKintosh who was wife of Angus Mackintosh, chief of Clan Mackintosh. Angus Mackintosh was in fact a serving officer in the Black Watch regiment of the British Army and he was captured at the Battle of Prestonpans by Jacobite forces. Mackintosh was sent home to Moy having been given parole not to take arms against the Jacobites and when he arrived he was greeted by his wife, Anne Farquharson, who said "Your servant, captain" to which he replied "Your servant, colonel". She was ever after known as Colonel Anne. Anne later saved Charles Edward Stuart from capture in what is known as the Rout of Moy. Anne was imprisoned for six weeks after the Battle of Culloden. Francis Farquharson of Monaltrie led the Farquharsons at the Battle of Culloden and although he survived he was imprisoned and was condemned to death, but was lucky enough to have his execution reduced to exile.

Paragraph 29: The idea of a national competition started in Canberra as early as the early 1980s. Australian rules had become the most popular code in Canberra by the late 1970s and the territory made its first bid for a VFL license in 1981. After its rejected bids (which coincided with the relocation of South Melbourne to Sydney) the territory began resorting to relocate a Melbourne based club and commenced discussions with North Melbourne. The prospect of North Melbourne playing home games in Canberra was first raised publicly as early as 1984, with the club expressing an interest in playing a role in developing a national competition. By 1990 it was suggested that the ACTAFL was in ongoing discussions with the club to relocate it to Canberra. While the ACTAFL said that it would welcome the club, North Melbourne strongly denied the rumours. The proposal was raised by the ACTAFL again in 1992 and in 1993, however strong on-field performance of the Kangaroos made it a more difficult target for the ACTAFL. In 1999 the club dropped the name North Melbourne in its branding to become The Kangaroos in an effort to appeal to interstate markets (at the time, Sydney and Canberra). The move was to prove lucrative with the AFL and North Melbourne gaining ACT government backing to play home games at Canberra's Manuka Oval from 2002. The government backed the deal in the hope that the club would eventually commit long term to the region and for a time, the team playing in the territory were promoted locally as the "Canberra Kangaroos". North Melbourne's matches against the Swans in Canberra in 2004 and 2006 became the territory's record crowds for the sport peaking at 14,922 in 2006. However in 2006 the Kangaroos, encouraged by the AFL, received a more lucrative offer to move its interstate home games to the Gold Coast. The ACT Government set a deadline for the club to choose between Canberra and the Gold Coast, to which North Melbourne executive Geoff Walsh announced that it would be turning its back on the ACT and signed a three-year deal to play ten home games at Carrara Stadium between 2007 and 2009 at AUD$400,000 per game. After the AFL's AUD$100 million push to relocate the club to the Gold Coast failed, North Melbourne in 2009 attempted to re-negotiate with the ACT government, however the club was told that it had suffered irrepairable reputation damage in Canberra.

Paragraph 30: In January 1933 the Hitler government took power and transformed Germany into a one-party dictatorship. Austria remained a separate country till 1938, but the same populist forces were at work. In Vienna Chancellor Dollfuss was emboldened to shut down parliament and assume dictatorial powers. The move away from democracy was not so brutally quick, and perhaps less minutely planned, than in Germany. Nevertheless, the February uprising in 1934 was energetically crushed by the army, and the police, operating in concert with paramilitary pro-fascist street fighters. It lasted only a week, but the extent of the violence on the city streets and the extent of the changes that followed, which included the "self-elimination" Parliament and the "disciplinary measures" imposed on non-fascist political parties including, notably, the SPÖ, have led some commentators to characterise that violent week in February as the "Austrian Civil War". Maria Emhart participated with practicality and passion, though reported details of her involvement are not entirely clear.  It is clear that she was not averse to inflicting some violence for herself, having been coached in judo and martial arts by her husband. Many years later, in 1976, she would gleefully recall in a letter to a friend how she had bent back the thumb of a policemen who was trying to remove from her a large party banner during one of the demonstrations. The next day she had the added satisfaction of being arrested for questioning over the incident: the policeman said she had hurt him, and winked.   (The wink, she inferred, identified him as a socialist or socialist sympathiser who was simply saying what he was required to say.) Emhart denied everything. The February uprising quickly triggered a vast palette of myths as to who did what, how many were killed, and who was responsible. The government promoted the narrative that "the Jews" were responsible. Despite scholarly attempts to derive a single narrative from the many recollections included by Emhart and her friends in correspondence, it has not been possible to distil a single chronology describing her own involvement, even if there is nothing half-baked about the heroic stature Emhart very rapidly acquired among antifascists. Phrases such as "possession of arms", "ringleadership" and "female Schutzbund commander" feature in court submissions of her doings during that week, but her eventual acquittal makes it impossible simply to interpret these at face value. Twenty years later, long after the Hitler nightmare had started to recede into the past, and democracy had returned to Austria, Emhart was still being questioned - generally by admirers and interviewers - about the role she had played in February 1934: her detailed replies, while no doubt well-intentioned - did nothing to pin down a clear timeline.   She even gave apparently conflicting replies to questions of whether or not she was ever herself a member of the Socialist paramilitary "Schutzbund" organisation. An unambiguous statement that a woman was a member of paramilitary organisation would certainly have distressed many (in other respects progressive) male comrades: but at least one (female) commentator indicates that by unfailingly reacting to questions about her own paramilitary involvement with digressions about male sensibilities, both at her trial in 1934 and when called upon to remember those events twenty years later, she conspicuously declined to answer the questions as put. There can in any event be little doubt that she undertook "courier work" - including the smuggling of grenades and other weapons to combat locations - for the paramilitaries.

Paragraph 31: Kristiansen was born 27 December 1947 in Billund, Denmark.  His father, Godtfred Kirk Christiansen, worked with his grandfather, Ole Kirk Christiansen, in the family business: Lego.  As a child, he often inspired and tested new model concepts and their building instructions.  He also appeared on many of the company's packages and marketing materials.  In 1979, he became president and CEO of The Lego Group.  Kristiansen introduced themes, minifigures, LEGO.com, Lego Mindstorms and licensed properties.  In 2004, he stepped down as president and CEO to focus on his role as owner of the Lego Group and vice-chairman of the board, while maintaining his role as chairman of the board of KIRKBI A/S, Lego Holding A/S and the Lego Foundation.  Lego is privately held and is controlled by the Kristiansen family and their foundations.

Paragraph 32: Kristiansen was born 27 December 1947 in Billund, Denmark.  His father, Godtfred Kirk Christiansen, worked with his grandfather, Ole Kirk Christiansen, in the family business: Lego.  As a child, he often inspired and tested new model concepts and their building instructions.  He also appeared on many of the company's packages and marketing materials.  In 1979, he became president and CEO of The Lego Group.  Kristiansen introduced themes, minifigures, LEGO.com, Lego Mindstorms and licensed properties.  In 2004, he stepped down as president and CEO to focus on his role as owner of the Lego Group and vice-chairman of the board, while maintaining his role as chairman of the board of KIRKBI A/S, Lego Holding A/S and the Lego Foundation.  Lego is privately held and is controlled by the Kristiansen family and their foundations.

Paragraph 33: In December 2007, the mysterious "Quentin" assists Aidan Devane in finding the missing Greenlee Smythe and Zach Slater. Greenlee and Quentin both contract a mystery disease and are near death when Dr. Angela Hubbard returns to Pine Valley to consult on the case and is shocked to see that Quentin is actually her baby boy, Frankie. As Frankie makes a slow recovery, he receives a visit from Jesse, and it is believed that he is hallucinating; however, Jesse reveals himself and explains that he was forced to fake his death to keep his family safe. When Frankie returns to Pine Valley Hospital to finish his internship, he and Colby Chandler are kidnapped by his father's captor, the mysterious Papel who is eventually revealed to be Tad Martin's uncle, Rob Gardner. Rob wreaks havoc on the Hubbard family at Angie and Jesse's wedding before he is sent to prison. In 2008, Frankie falls for prostitute, Randi Morgan who is being abused by her pimp, Fletcher Parks. Frankie even attempts to buy Randi's freedom, but Fletcher refuses; however, they are relieved when Fletcher ends up dead, and they decide to move in together. Later a teenage Cassandra leaves town feeling that she doesn't belong. Soon after, it is discovered that Jesse had a daughter, Natalia while he was away. Frankie is soon reunited with fellow soldiers, Taylor Thompson and Brot Monroe and in early 2009, Frankie learns he must go back to Iraq. Randi is terrified but to assure her that he will be fine they marry on March 24, 2009. Frankie is injured during an explosion in May 2009 and returns home soon after getting surgery on his hands in Germany. Frankie being injured puts a strain on the marriage but he soon recovers. Meanwhile, Randi learns she is pregnant but their happiness is interrupted when Randi's former lover, District Attorney, Henry North ends up dead and she miscarries. In the meantime, Frankie befriends Henry's widow, Madison North it is soon revealed that Madison killed her husband and let Randi take the blame for it. Furious at his wife and father for keeping secrets, Frankie moves out and begins getting closer to Madison, and drinking. Randi mistakenly believes they are having an affair, but Frankie assures her that nothing happened between them and they reconcile. However, Madison slowly starts to lose her grip on reality and tries to blackmail Frankie into divorcing Randi but when he refuses, she attempts suicide only for Frankie to revive her. Frankie later helps Madison get away from her abusive father and they eventually put the past behind them. However, Randi remains insecure about their friendship even when Madison begins dating Ryan Lavery and Frankie is protective of her.

Paragraph 34: His batting improved with the quality of the opposition; he averaged 39.87 in the County Championship, 45.63 in first-class cricket, 58.67 in Test cricket and 63.96 against Australia. Of players with a completed career, only Don Bradman with his average of 99.94 made more than Barrington's 6,806 Test runs at a higher average, which is the seventh highest of batsmen who have made 1,000 Test runs, and the highest by a post-war England batsman. His 256 in the Fourth Test at Old Trafford in 1964 is the third highest score for England against Australia and the highest since the Second World War. Barrington twice made centuries in four successive Tests, and was the first England batsmen to make hundreds on all six traditional Test grounds: Old Trafford, Edgbaston, Headingley, Lord's, Trent Bridge and The Oval.

Paragraph 35: Cannons were crucial in Napoleon Bonaparte's rise to power, and continued to play an important role in his army in later years. During the French Revolution, the unpopularity of the Directory led to riots and rebellions. When over 25,000 of these royalists—led by General Danican—assaulted Paris, Paul François Jean Nicolas, vicomte de Barras was appointed to defend the capital; outnumbered five to one and disorganized, the Republicans were desperate. When Napoleon arrived, he reorganized the defenses, while realizing that without cannons, the city could not be held. He ordered Joachim Murat to bring the guns from the Sablons artillery park; the Major and his cavalry fought their way to the recently captured cannons, and brought them back to Napoleon. When Danican's poorly trained men attacked, on 5 October 1795, 13 Vendémiaire, 4 in the calendar used in France, at the time—Napoleon ordered his cannons to fire grapeshot into the mob, an act that became known as the "whiff of grapeshot". The slaughter effectively ended the threat to the new government, while, at the same time, made Bonaparte a famous—and popular—public figure. Among the first generals to recognize that artillery was not being used to its full potential, Napoleon often massed his cannons into batteries, and introduced several changes into the French artillery, improving it significantly, and making it among the finest in Europe. Such tactics were successfully used by the French, for example, at the Battle of Friedland, when sixty-six guns fired a total of 3,000 roundshot, and 500 grapeshot, inflicting severe casualties on the Russian forces, whose losses numbered over 20,000 killed and wounded, in total. At the Battle of Waterloo—Napoleon's final battle—the French army had many more artillery pieces than either the British or Prussians. As the battlefield was muddy, recoil caused cannons to bury themselves into the ground after firing, resulting in slow rates of fire, as more effort was required to move them back into an adequate firing position; also, roundshot did not ricochet with as much force from the wet earth. Despite the drawbacks, sustained artillery fire proved deadly during the engagement, especially during the French cavalry attack. The British infantry, having formed infantry squares, took heavy losses from the French guns, while their own cannons fired at the cuirassiers and lancers, when they fell back to regroup. Eventually, the French ceased their assault, after taking heavy losses from the British cannons and musket fire.

Paragraph 36: In January 1933 the Hitler government took power and transformed Germany into a one-party dictatorship. Austria remained a separate country till 1938, but the same populist forces were at work. In Vienna Chancellor Dollfuss was emboldened to shut down parliament and assume dictatorial powers. The move away from democracy was not so brutally quick, and perhaps less minutely planned, than in Germany. Nevertheless, the February uprising in 1934 was energetically crushed by the army, and the police, operating in concert with paramilitary pro-fascist street fighters. It lasted only a week, but the extent of the violence on the city streets and the extent of the changes that followed, which included the "self-elimination" Parliament and the "disciplinary measures" imposed on non-fascist political parties including, notably, the SPÖ, have led some commentators to characterise that violent week in February as the "Austrian Civil War". Maria Emhart participated with practicality and passion, though reported details of her involvement are not entirely clear.  It is clear that she was not averse to inflicting some violence for herself, having been coached in judo and martial arts by her husband. Many years later, in 1976, she would gleefully recall in a letter to a friend how she had bent back the thumb of a policemen who was trying to remove from her a large party banner during one of the demonstrations. The next day she had the added satisfaction of being arrested for questioning over the incident: the policeman said she had hurt him, and winked.   (The wink, she inferred, identified him as a socialist or socialist sympathiser who was simply saying what he was required to say.) Emhart denied everything. The February uprising quickly triggered a vast palette of myths as to who did what, how many were killed, and who was responsible. The government promoted the narrative that "the Jews" were responsible. Despite scholarly attempts to derive a single narrative from the many recollections included by Emhart and her friends in correspondence, it has not been possible to distil a single chronology describing her own involvement, even if there is nothing half-baked about the heroic stature Emhart very rapidly acquired among antifascists. Phrases such as "possession of arms", "ringleadership" and "female Schutzbund commander" feature in court submissions of her doings during that week, but her eventual acquittal makes it impossible simply to interpret these at face value. Twenty years later, long after the Hitler nightmare had started to recede into the past, and democracy had returned to Austria, Emhart was still being questioned - generally by admirers and interviewers - about the role she had played in February 1934: her detailed replies, while no doubt well-intentioned - did nothing to pin down a clear timeline.   She even gave apparently conflicting replies to questions of whether or not she was ever herself a member of the Socialist paramilitary "Schutzbund" organisation. An unambiguous statement that a woman was a member of paramilitary organisation would certainly have distressed many (in other respects progressive) male comrades: but at least one (female) commentator indicates that by unfailingly reacting to questions about her own paramilitary involvement with digressions about male sensibilities, both at her trial in 1934 and when called upon to remember those events twenty years later, she conspicuously declined to answer the questions as put. There can in any event be little doubt that she undertook "courier work" - including the smuggling of grenades and other weapons to combat locations - for the paramilitaries.

Paragraph 37: In January 1933 the Hitler government took power and transformed Germany into a one-party dictatorship. Austria remained a separate country till 1938, but the same populist forces were at work. In Vienna Chancellor Dollfuss was emboldened to shut down parliament and assume dictatorial powers. The move away from democracy was not so brutally quick, and perhaps less minutely planned, than in Germany. Nevertheless, the February uprising in 1934 was energetically crushed by the army, and the police, operating in concert with paramilitary pro-fascist street fighters. It lasted only a week, but the extent of the violence on the city streets and the extent of the changes that followed, which included the "self-elimination" Parliament and the "disciplinary measures" imposed on non-fascist political parties including, notably, the SPÖ, have led some commentators to characterise that violent week in February as the "Austrian Civil War". Maria Emhart participated with practicality and passion, though reported details of her involvement are not entirely clear.  It is clear that she was not averse to inflicting some violence for herself, having been coached in judo and martial arts by her husband. Many years later, in 1976, she would gleefully recall in a letter to a friend how she had bent back the thumb of a policemen who was trying to remove from her a large party banner during one of the demonstrations. The next day she had the added satisfaction of being arrested for questioning over the incident: the policeman said she had hurt him, and winked.   (The wink, she inferred, identified him as a socialist or socialist sympathiser who was simply saying what he was required to say.) Emhart denied everything. The February uprising quickly triggered a vast palette of myths as to who did what, how many were killed, and who was responsible. The government promoted the narrative that "the Jews" were responsible. Despite scholarly attempts to derive a single narrative from the many recollections included by Emhart and her friends in correspondence, it has not been possible to distil a single chronology describing her own involvement, even if there is nothing half-baked about the heroic stature Emhart very rapidly acquired among antifascists. Phrases such as "possession of arms", "ringleadership" and "female Schutzbund commander" feature in court submissions of her doings during that week, but her eventual acquittal makes it impossible simply to interpret these at face value. Twenty years later, long after the Hitler nightmare had started to recede into the past, and democracy had returned to Austria, Emhart was still being questioned - generally by admirers and interviewers - about the role she had played in February 1934: her detailed replies, while no doubt well-intentioned - did nothing to pin down a clear timeline.   She even gave apparently conflicting replies to questions of whether or not she was ever herself a member of the Socialist paramilitary "Schutzbund" organisation. An unambiguous statement that a woman was a member of paramilitary organisation would certainly have distressed many (in other respects progressive) male comrades: but at least one (female) commentator indicates that by unfailingly reacting to questions about her own paramilitary involvement with digressions about male sensibilities, both at her trial in 1934 and when called upon to remember those events twenty years later, she conspicuously declined to answer the questions as put. There can in any event be little doubt that she undertook "courier work" - including the smuggling of grenades and other weapons to combat locations - for the paramilitaries.

Paragraph 38: Born in Nadiad, in the Indian state of Gujarat, Vithalbhai Jhaverbhai Patel was the third of five Patel brothers, two years elder to Vallabhbhai Patel, raised in the village of Karamsad. According to Gordhanbhai Patel, a mistake on Vitalbhai's birthdate has crept into many modern accounts. His birthdate is clearly stated as 27 September 1873 on his last passport but the confusion arose from obituary notices after his death listing it incorrectly as 18 February 1871. Based on that, he is only two years elder to his younger brother Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.  He was son of Jhaverbhai and Ladbai Patel, who were both devout followers of the Swaminarayan sect of Vaisnava Hinduism, a sect which emphasizes the purity of personal life as essential to the life of devotion. The rare idealism the religion impressed on his parents likely had a significant impact on the minds of Vithalbhai and his renowned brother Vallabhai Patel.  Vithalbhai educated himself in Nadiad and in Bombay, and worked as a pleader (a junior lawyer) in the courts of Godhra and Borsad. At a very young age, he was married to a girl from another village, Diwaliba.

Paragraph 39: Amiga Action took issue with the game's hardware requirements and the fact that both 2- and 4 MB versions suffered severe technical drawbacks. The magazine found that the 4 MB version was playable only when the screen size was scaled down to half and the lighting setting turned off, even on a 68060-powered Amiga with six megabytes. However, the 2 MB version, which the magazine found to have a much smoother performance, would run at the lowest possible screen resolution, and lacked lighting effects, and the built-in level editor only worked on Amiga machines with at least four megabytes. It also noted the artificial intelligence's flaws such as not being able to open doors. Amiga Power was more critical. Although it appeared to score the game an exceptionally high 98%, the actual scores for 2- and 4 MB versions ranged in the fifties, and the fake score was notably added to fool readers who skip straight to the bottom lines of the magazine's reviews. It similarly criticised the stiff hardware requirements, noting the lack of floor and ceiling textures in the 2 MB version means that the player sometimes cannot discern floor elevation and will thus unwittingly fall off ledges. The magazine went further to question the developer's design choices and the overall gameplay. It wrote that the enemies would occasionally alternate between attacking the player and seemingly "los[ing] interest and wanter[ing] away," and the player could run through them without trouble when cornered. It contrasted the game's pacing from that of the first Alien Breed 3D in that it is impossible to progress in certain situations without a certain amount of health before grabbing the next medikit, which is further complicated by the game saves occurring only between levels. The magazine wrote it felt that Team17 had not adequately playtested the game and called the game's deathmatch-only multiplayer mode a "waste of time" before concluding that Alien Breed 3D II: The Killing Grounds was "a comprehensive disappointment".

Paragraph 40: He began his career as a drummer, working primarily in the jazz fusion realm, appearing with John McLaughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra, Chick Corea, Jaco Pastorius, Wayne Shorter and Weather Report, and Allan Holdsworth.  After being mentored by Quincy Jones, he transitioned into a role as a songwriter and producer, working in the 1980s and 1990s with numerous R & B acts such as Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Mariah Carey, as well as other singers across a number of genres.  In 2020, he became the drummer for Journey, replacing Steve Smith. In 2021, he became one of two drummers in the band alongside the returning Deen Castronovo prior to leaving in 2022. He appears on the band's album Freedom (2022), having co-produced and played on the album before his departure.