Paragraph 1: After this battle the Regiment was detailed as part of the garrison of Winchester, to protect it against guerrillas, as well as to escort trains to the front. It was there when the Battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, was fought, and remained until December 1, when it rejoined the Army of the Potomac, and passed the winter of 1864 and 1865 in doing siege duty in the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va. The Regiment was engaged in all the skirmishes that took place during this period, the most important of which were Hatcher's Run, December 10, 1864; Hatcher's Run, February 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th, 1865; Fort Fisher, Va., March 25, and Fort Stedman, same day. In the attack on Petersburg, April 2, 1865, the Regiment took a prominent and important part.  The night before, the 6th Corps was massed in front of Fort Fisher, ready for the assault.  Just at daybreak, Sunday morning, the lines advanced under a heavy fire, and carried the enemy's main lines by storm.  The Second Rhode Island started in the second line, but were the first to reach the works, and planted its colors on the parapet.  The enemy fled in great confusion, after their lines were pierced.  Lieutenant Frank S. Halliday, acting Adjutant of the Regiment, with a small party, carried a rebel fort mounting two guns, and turned them upon the enemy.  The whole affair was a glorious success, and caused the evacuation of the city on Monday morning, April 3. In the Battle of Sailors' Creek, Thursday following the above, April 6, the Regiment displayed great prowess.  About 5 o'clock, P. M., the division to which it was attached, advanced on the enemy's lines, and the Second Rhode Island attacked a part of the Naval Brigade, commanded by officers of the late rebel fleet.  The Regiment charged to within a few feet of their lines, when it met a severe flank fire, which forced it to retire.  The action as so close that men were bayoneted, and knocked down with the butts of muskets.  In the confusion, the colors of the Regiment were captured, but were quickly retaken.  The place where it charged was swampy, with water at least three feet deep, but the men pushed gallantly forward, and regained all the ground lost, causing the enemy to flee in great confusion, who left a part of their wagons in Federal hands.  The loss was severe in officers and men, but there was a proud satisfaction in knowing that the efforts of the Regiment hastened the surrender of Lee and his army. Captain Charles W. Gleason and Lieutenant William H. Perry, both gallant officers, were killed.  They were loved and respected by the Regiment. They entered the service as enlisted men at the beginning of the war, and by merit rose to their positions as officers.  In this battle the conduct of officers and men was in the highest degree commendable. The new men, who went into action for the first time, fought-like veterans.

Paragraph 2: On April 29, 2011, Ali Haddad was appointed Mouldi Aïssaoui as General Director of USM Alger. Less than a year after taking office On February 28, 2012 Aïssaoui announced his resignation from his post of société sportive et commerciale (SSPA), accusing certain parties in the club of "conspiring" against him. Aïssaoui stated "I had a frank discussion with USMA President Haddad, during which I informed him of my decision to leave my position. He certainly wanted to talk me out of it, but I made him understand that this decision was irrevocable". In 2011–12 Ligue 1, USM Alger competed for the title until the last round. on April 14, 2012, in a match against MC Saïda at Stade 13 Avril 1958 Where did they need victory to stay away from relegation to Ligue Professionnelle 2 and in the last minute Nouri Ouznadji scored the equalizer. after the end of the match, while on their way to the changing rooms USM Alger players were attacked by strangers, the most dangerous of which was the assault that Abdelkader Laïfaoui was subjected with a knife that almost killed him and due to his injuries he had to receive stitches and spend the night in hospital. then decided USM Alger lifting lawsuit against unknown persons also decided not to play in Saïda for five years. On May 12, 2012, in a match against JSM Béjaïa in Bologhine and after a great drama, the meeting witnessed the players of JSM Béjaïa applauding referee Farouk Houasnia after announcing three penalties for USM Alger, which they considered an attempt to provide assistance to them especially as the victory brings them closer to the title. It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it. With the end of the season after six years absence USM Alger returned to the continental competitions from the gate of Confederation Cup. USMA was also invited by the Union of Arab Football Associations to compete in the UAFA Club Cup in its new version. Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem player who was expected a lot in view of his talent and to have a great future, Almost three years after last playing for USMA, Boualem has just ended his short football career. Boualem had made his last appearance in the Red and Black colors one afternoon in March 2012. It was on the 24th, during the match that had played against CS Constantine. Boualem had been substituted in the 76th minute of play and had not played again. Height of misfortune, with the multiple ailments that he frequently knew, the talented usmist was seriously injured during a training session.

Paragraph 3: On April 29, 2011, Ali Haddad was appointed Mouldi Aïssaoui as General Director of USM Alger. Less than a year after taking office On February 28, 2012 Aïssaoui announced his resignation from his post of société sportive et commerciale (SSPA), accusing certain parties in the club of "conspiring" against him. Aïssaoui stated "I had a frank discussion with USMA President Haddad, during which I informed him of my decision to leave my position. He certainly wanted to talk me out of it, but I made him understand that this decision was irrevocable". In 2011–12 Ligue 1, USM Alger competed for the title until the last round. on April 14, 2012, in a match against MC Saïda at Stade 13 Avril 1958 Where did they need victory to stay away from relegation to Ligue Professionnelle 2 and in the last minute Nouri Ouznadji scored the equalizer. after the end of the match, while on their way to the changing rooms USM Alger players were attacked by strangers, the most dangerous of which was the assault that Abdelkader Laïfaoui was subjected with a knife that almost killed him and due to his injuries he had to receive stitches and spend the night in hospital. then decided USM Alger lifting lawsuit against unknown persons also decided not to play in Saïda for five years. On May 12, 2012, in a match against JSM Béjaïa in Bologhine and after a great drama, the meeting witnessed the players of JSM Béjaïa applauding referee Farouk Houasnia after announcing three penalties for USM Alger, which they considered an attempt to provide assistance to them especially as the victory brings them closer to the title. It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it. With the end of the season after six years absence USM Alger returned to the continental competitions from the gate of Confederation Cup. USMA was also invited by the Union of Arab Football Associations to compete in the UAFA Club Cup in its new version. Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem player who was expected a lot in view of his talent and to have a great future, Almost three years after last playing for USMA, Boualem has just ended his short football career. Boualem had made his last appearance in the Red and Black colors one afternoon in March 2012. It was on the 24th, during the match that had played against CS Constantine. Boualem had been substituted in the 76th minute of play and had not played again. Height of misfortune, with the multiple ailments that he frequently knew, the talented usmist was seriously injured during a training session.

Paragraph 4: The pointed digraph pasekh tsvey yudn can also be typed in different ways. The one is simply to enter a precomposed pasekh tsvey yudn, which is both displayed and stored as a single character ײַ (U+FB1F). The second option is to enter the tsvey yudn ligature as a base character and then to enter a combining pasekh for display together with it. Although appearing to be a single character ײַ, it is stored digitally as two separate characters (U+05F2 U+05B7). These two forms can only be directly entered from a keyboard on which the ligature appears. As a result, a practice is developing where pasekh tsvey yudn are indicated by enclosing a pasekh between the elements of a two-character digraph. The pasekh aligns correctly only with the first yud (subject to conditions described in the next section) but the display is tolerably that of a fully marked digraph יַי and in some display environments may be indistinguishable from one or both of the previous alternatives. However, this option requires the storage of three separate characters (U+05D9 U+05B7 U+05D9). As a fourth alternative, albeit the least stable typographically, the second of two consecutive yudn may be pointed ייַ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B7). A pasekh yud is otherwise not part of any established Yiddish character repertoire, and its use in this context manifests conditions that are specific to computerized typography. The four possible representations of the pasekh tsvey yudn thus have even greater potential for causing confusion than do the other digraphs. A further potentially confusing option specific to computerized text production, but not a component of any Yiddish orthographic tradition, is the combination of a khirik with a tsvey yudn ligature to represent the consonant-vowel sequence yud — khirik yud, as ײִ (U+05F2 U+05B4) rather than the correct ייִ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B4).

Paragraph 5: The event in the series dates back to the late Ottoman rule of Syria (late 1890s–early 1900s). The series tells the story of a man (Nassar) whose wife died while giving birth because his mother had gone to the home of the noble family of Abu Hashem in the neighborhood to help Umm Hashem with the birth of her baby. When Abu Hashim heard about the birth of the male child, he promised God that he would go on foot to the pilgrimage when his son reaches the age of seven. The years pass and the child becomes seven years old and some of the inhabitants of the neighborhood prepare to go to the pilgrimage, including Nassar and his mother. Nassar who wants to propose to the daughter of Abu Hashim before going for Hajj, believes that her father delays the matter because he refuses Nassar. Nassar enters into a fight with the bakery workers when he intervenes to protect an orphan boy (Rida). He is put in jail for two days during which he is subjected to ill-treatment. On the 7th birthday of Hashim, his father holds a birthday party and invites the majority of the residents of the neighborhood to his home as well as the head of the police department (Yuzbashi Hilmi). When Nassar comes out of prison, he sets his sights on retaliation against the head of the police department. Nassar goes to the celebration where the chief of police is to be shot but the bullet hits Hashem in the chest. Nassar immediately escapes and meets with Sayyah, another wanted man. Sayyah and Nassar goes to the cemetery to hide and they become friends. Hashem is saved by his uncle the doctor. Pilgrims go on their long journey to Mecca as planned despite Hashem's injury. Nassar asks to meet Arafa in order to meet his mother. Karkar, an informer who works for the head of the police, hears that Arafa met Nassar while talking to his friend. Arafa is being detained and he is forced to tell the police station where Nassar is. The police go to the cemetery and heavy gunfire starts. Sayyah is killed but Arafa, who is wounded, and Nassar manage to flee. Nassar and Arafah will end up in an orchard. The events follow and Nassar is sentenced to death and Arafa to five years in prison after fabricating to Nassar a charge of trying to kill the Wali. Days after overnight in the open they come to a gentleman (Abu Jawad) who lives with his family in Douma. Because Nassar wants to meet his mother before going to Palestine. Jawad goes to Shaghour to bring Nassar's mother to Douma but Jawad is caught after suspicion. The trouble continues on Nassar and he begins to search after Jawad. Nassar kidnaps Karkar to testify about Jawad's place and confesses to him but he is killed when Karkar tries to kill the brother of Jawad. Nassar then burns the bakery to distract the police force while he enters the outpost to look for Jawad. He fails to find him  and releases some prisoners instead. Nassar and Arafa return to a cave they have stayed in. Some young men join them and it turns out that they are the ones who was released. Nassar seeks help from Talib who works for Abu Hashim in a perfume shop. Talib is asked to enter the prison of the Hakam Dar with the help of the private driver to the deputy governor (Hakam Dar).

Paragraph 6: This rape experience creates some sort of turning point for the narrator, who decides after vomiting and crying that she has to use her brains to help her situation. She decides that she needs to “find a single wolf to keep away the pack” and heads outside to find some higher ranked Russian to have an exclusive sexual relationship with so that she doesn't get viciously and spontaneously raped every day by different men. Out in the street she meets Anatol, a lieutenant from Ukraine. She flirts with him briefly and they agree to meet at her place at 7 pm. That night Petka arrives with some of his friends and makes himself at home. Petka and his friends shock the widow and the narrator as they place their food straight on the table, throw bones to the floor, and spit casually. Despite the narrator's worries that Petka and Anatol might clash over her, when Anatol comes he is at ease in her apartment and she discovers that his rank means very little to the Russians. Over the next days, Anatol comes to have sex with the narrator and a "taboo" is formed in that the Russians know that she is claimed. Anatol and his men come and go as they please and the widow's apartment is considered "Anatol's men's restaurant" but a restaurant where they bring the food. The narrator and the widow get food that the Russians bring and they benefit from the protection of Anatol's men against other Russian soldiers. The narrator also meets educated Russian soldiers, such as Andrei, and has many conversations about politics, fascism, and such. Petka shows up completely drunk in a fit of rage against the narrator and tries to hurt her but due to his drunkenness the widow and the narrator manage to push him out of the apartment. Among the many Russian visitors of the apartment, a pale blond lieutenant who has a lame leg and a clear dislike of the narrator rapes her one night, completely ignoring the "taboo" with Anatol. He arrives another day with a major and after conversing and drinking champagne; he asks the narrator if the major pleases her. The narrator realizes she has little choice considering Anatol has left and eventually decides to have sex with the major. She accepts the relationship with the major and does not call it rape since it is consensual. The major is very pleasant, shares his life with her, and brings her food and supplies such as candles.  The narrator contemplates her status as she agrees to have sexual relationships in return for goods and protection.

Paragraph 7: After this battle the Regiment was detailed as part of the garrison of Winchester, to protect it against guerrillas, as well as to escort trains to the front. It was there when the Battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, was fought, and remained until December 1, when it rejoined the Army of the Potomac, and passed the winter of 1864 and 1865 in doing siege duty in the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va. The Regiment was engaged in all the skirmishes that took place during this period, the most important of which were Hatcher's Run, December 10, 1864; Hatcher's Run, February 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th, 1865; Fort Fisher, Va., March 25, and Fort Stedman, same day. In the attack on Petersburg, April 2, 1865, the Regiment took a prominent and important part.  The night before, the 6th Corps was massed in front of Fort Fisher, ready for the assault.  Just at daybreak, Sunday morning, the lines advanced under a heavy fire, and carried the enemy's main lines by storm.  The Second Rhode Island started in the second line, but were the first to reach the works, and planted its colors on the parapet.  The enemy fled in great confusion, after their lines were pierced.  Lieutenant Frank S. Halliday, acting Adjutant of the Regiment, with a small party, carried a rebel fort mounting two guns, and turned them upon the enemy.  The whole affair was a glorious success, and caused the evacuation of the city on Monday morning, April 3. In the Battle of Sailors' Creek, Thursday following the above, April 6, the Regiment displayed great prowess.  About 5 o'clock, P. M., the division to which it was attached, advanced on the enemy's lines, and the Second Rhode Island attacked a part of the Naval Brigade, commanded by officers of the late rebel fleet.  The Regiment charged to within a few feet of their lines, when it met a severe flank fire, which forced it to retire.  The action as so close that men were bayoneted, and knocked down with the butts of muskets.  In the confusion, the colors of the Regiment were captured, but were quickly retaken.  The place where it charged was swampy, with water at least three feet deep, but the men pushed gallantly forward, and regained all the ground lost, causing the enemy to flee in great confusion, who left a part of their wagons in Federal hands.  The loss was severe in officers and men, but there was a proud satisfaction in knowing that the efforts of the Regiment hastened the surrender of Lee and his army. Captain Charles W. Gleason and Lieutenant William H. Perry, both gallant officers, were killed.  They were loved and respected by the Regiment. They entered the service as enlisted men at the beginning of the war, and by merit rose to their positions as officers.  In this battle the conduct of officers and men was in the highest degree commendable. The new men, who went into action for the first time, fought-like veterans.

Paragraph 8: A variety of practice pads have been developed to assist percussionists in different ways. Practice pads may be designed to approximate the tension and response of a true drumhead when struck, or to provide less rebound to train the percussionist’s muscles. They can be constructed in a variety of shapes and sizes, and are typically small and light enough to be easily portable. Many variations include harder or softer playing surfaces, non-skid bases (that can also double as muted playing surfaces), and fixing points allowing the pad to be connected to existing percussion hardware such as a cymbal or snare drum stand.

Paragraph 9: Kaduthuruthy St. Mary is known as Kaduthuruthy Muthiyamma (കടുത്തുരുത്തി മുത്തിയമ്മ). Kaduthuruthy Valiapally is one of the churches where Virgin Mary appeared in front of the devotees as an old woman (മുത്തിയമ്മ). Southists of Kaduthuruthy had been considering Virgin Mary is the patron of their church for the remembrance of their first set of churches in Kodungallur. According to Bishop Francis Roz in his report to Serra (1603/1604), says that he has read from a Chaldean book that there were 3 churches in Cranganore built by the Thomman Keenan and his descendants. Southist Christians of the Syriac Rite built 3 churches in Kodungallur immediately after they had been given permission to settle down in Kodungallur by the Chera King. They are in the Name of Virgin Mary, St. Thomas and St. Kuriakose. The old wooden buildings constructed for the first 3 churches are said to have last for four hundred years. First church building in Kaduthuruthy in the name of Virgin Mary (കന്നിയുമ്മ) had constructed from wooden logs in a square shape and known as Square Church. Those churches in Kodungallur constructed by Thomman Keenan and his companions were completely destroyed later, as a result of a continuous clash between the neighbouring kings.  But the church built in the name of St. Thomas had undergone many relocations and renovation, helped this church to survive until the 15th century and had reconstructed by Portuguese after the destruction of Cranganore. According to Mar Jacob Abuna (1533), Dionysio (1578), Bishop Francis Roz (1604) on their report says that the church which stood in Cranganore had been there from the third century and was built by Thomas of Cana. It is the Syriac liturgical tradition of Southists to being faithful to the Virgin Mary,  resulted them to accept Virgin Mary as the patron of the church built in Kaduthuruthy in fourth century. The same tradition is practiced in their other ancient churches like Udayamperoor, Mulanthuruthy, Kottayam Chungam and Kallissery. Later Southist community lost the control over the church in Mulanthuruthy and Udayamperoor. Their seamless faith is accounted by Virgin Mary and she revealed herself as an old woman in front of the devotees. This miraculous appearance of Virgin Mary happened in AD 1596, during the erection of the historic granite cross of Kaduthuruthy Vallyapalli. The sculpture and carving work of the Cross from a single stone block had completed with a total height of 50 feet in AD 1596. It is believed that the iconic Kaduthuruthy Vallyapalli Cross is the highest open air cross in Asia, made out from a single block. Being monolithic in its shape, which in fact proclaiming the glory of Kaduthuruthy Valiapally and the Southists of Kaduthuruthy. As it is gigantic in structure, it was very difficult to upright the cross and to position in the courtyard of the Vallyapalli. During that time when they faced difficulty to upright the cross, Virgin Mary-the patron of the Kaduthuruthy Valiapally revealed herself as an old woman (Muthiyamma) and helped them to upright the cross miraculously by supporting the cross by her hand. Kaduthuruthy Valiapally is one of the churches blessed by Virgin Mary by appearing in front of the devotees as an old woman. There after the Blessed Virgin Mary residing in Kaduthuruthy Valiapally known as Kaduthuruthy Muthiyamma. Bishop Alexis Dom Menesis had carried out the inaugural blessing of the Cross situated on the courtyard of this Church, during the Holy Friday of 1599.

Paragraph 10: A variety of practice pads have been developed to assist percussionists in different ways. Practice pads may be designed to approximate the tension and response of a true drumhead when struck, or to provide less rebound to train the percussionist’s muscles. They can be constructed in a variety of shapes and sizes, and are typically small and light enough to be easily portable. Many variations include harder or softer playing surfaces, non-skid bases (that can also double as muted playing surfaces), and fixing points allowing the pad to be connected to existing percussion hardware such as a cymbal or snare drum stand.

Paragraph 11: In addition to a material being certified as biocompatible, biomaterials must be engineered specifically to their target application within a medical device. This is especially important in terms of mechanical properties which govern the way that a given biomaterial behaves. One of the most relevant material parameters is the Young's Modulus, E, which describes a material's elastic response to stresses. The Young's Moduli of the tissue and the device that is being coupled to it must closely match for optimal compatibility between device and body, whether the device is implanted or mounted externally. Matching the elastic modulus makes it possible to limit movement and delamination at the biointerface between implant and tissue as well as avoiding stress concentration that can lead to mechanical failure. Other important properties are the tensile and compressive strengths which quantify the maximum stresses a material can withstand before breaking and may be used to set stress limits that a device may be subject to within or external to the body. Depending on the application, it may be desirable for a biomaterial to have high strength so that it is resistant to failure when subjected to a load, however in other applications it may be beneficial for the material to be low strength. There is a careful balance between strength and stiffness that determines how robust to failure the biomaterial device is. Typically, as the elasticity of the biomaterial increases, the ultimate tensile strength will decrease and vice versa. One application where a high-strength material is undesired is in neural probes; if a high-strength material is used in these applications the tissue will always fail before the device does (under applied load) because the Young's Modulus of the dura mater and cerebral tissue is on the order of 500 Pa. When this happens, irreversible damage to the brain can occur, thus the biomaterial must have an elastic modulus less than or equal to brain tissue and a low tensile strength if an applied load is expected.

Paragraph 12: This rape experience creates some sort of turning point for the narrator, who decides after vomiting and crying that she has to use her brains to help her situation. She decides that she needs to “find a single wolf to keep away the pack” and heads outside to find some higher ranked Russian to have an exclusive sexual relationship with so that she doesn't get viciously and spontaneously raped every day by different men. Out in the street she meets Anatol, a lieutenant from Ukraine. She flirts with him briefly and they agree to meet at her place at 7 pm. That night Petka arrives with some of his friends and makes himself at home. Petka and his friends shock the widow and the narrator as they place their food straight on the table, throw bones to the floor, and spit casually. Despite the narrator's worries that Petka and Anatol might clash over her, when Anatol comes he is at ease in her apartment and she discovers that his rank means very little to the Russians. Over the next days, Anatol comes to have sex with the narrator and a "taboo" is formed in that the Russians know that she is claimed. Anatol and his men come and go as they please and the widow's apartment is considered "Anatol's men's restaurant" but a restaurant where they bring the food. The narrator and the widow get food that the Russians bring and they benefit from the protection of Anatol's men against other Russian soldiers. The narrator also meets educated Russian soldiers, such as Andrei, and has many conversations about politics, fascism, and such. Petka shows up completely drunk in a fit of rage against the narrator and tries to hurt her but due to his drunkenness the widow and the narrator manage to push him out of the apartment. Among the many Russian visitors of the apartment, a pale blond lieutenant who has a lame leg and a clear dislike of the narrator rapes her one night, completely ignoring the "taboo" with Anatol. He arrives another day with a major and after conversing and drinking champagne; he asks the narrator if the major pleases her. The narrator realizes she has little choice considering Anatol has left and eventually decides to have sex with the major. She accepts the relationship with the major and does not call it rape since it is consensual. The major is very pleasant, shares his life with her, and brings her food and supplies such as candles.  The narrator contemplates her status as she agrees to have sexual relationships in return for goods and protection.

Paragraph 13: Twosret's highest known date is a Year 8 II Shemu day 29  hieratic inscription found on one of the foundation blocks (FB 2) of her mortuary temple at Gournah in 2011 by the University of Arizona Egyptian Expedition. Since this was only a foundation inscription and Twosret's temple, although never finished as planned, was at least partially completed, it is logical to assume that some time must have passed before her downfall and the termination of work on her temple project. Richard Wilkinson stressed that Twosret's mortuary temple was "largely structurally completed," although bearing minimal decoration; therefore, she would have ruled for several more months beyond II Shemu 29 of her 8th Year for her temple to reach completion. Further study by Pearce Paul Creasman has concluded that the temple was "functionally complete." She could, hence, have possibly ruled for 6 to 20 more months after the inscription date to achieve these levels of completion, thus starting her 9th regnal year around the interval of IV Akhet/I Peret—when her husband died (since she assumed Siptah's reign as her own) or perhaps longer—before Setnakhte's rule began. Or she could have had a nearly full 9th year reign, including the 6-year reign of Siptah.

Paragraph 14: The pointed digraph pasekh tsvey yudn can also be typed in different ways. The one is simply to enter a precomposed pasekh tsvey yudn, which is both displayed and stored as a single character ײַ (U+FB1F). The second option is to enter the tsvey yudn ligature as a base character and then to enter a combining pasekh for display together with it. Although appearing to be a single character ײַ, it is stored digitally as two separate characters (U+05F2 U+05B7). These two forms can only be directly entered from a keyboard on which the ligature appears. As a result, a practice is developing where pasekh tsvey yudn are indicated by enclosing a pasekh between the elements of a two-character digraph. The pasekh aligns correctly only with the first yud (subject to conditions described in the next section) but the display is tolerably that of a fully marked digraph יַי and in some display environments may be indistinguishable from one or both of the previous alternatives. However, this option requires the storage of three separate characters (U+05D9 U+05B7 U+05D9). As a fourth alternative, albeit the least stable typographically, the second of two consecutive yudn may be pointed ייַ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B7). A pasekh yud is otherwise not part of any established Yiddish character repertoire, and its use in this context manifests conditions that are specific to computerized typography. The four possible representations of the pasekh tsvey yudn thus have even greater potential for causing confusion than do the other digraphs. A further potentially confusing option specific to computerized text production, but not a component of any Yiddish orthographic tradition, is the combination of a khirik with a tsvey yudn ligature to represent the consonant-vowel sequence yud — khirik yud, as ײִ (U+05F2 U+05B4) rather than the correct ייִ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B4).

Paragraph 15: In addition to a material being certified as biocompatible, biomaterials must be engineered specifically to their target application within a medical device. This is especially important in terms of mechanical properties which govern the way that a given biomaterial behaves. One of the most relevant material parameters is the Young's Modulus, E, which describes a material's elastic response to stresses. The Young's Moduli of the tissue and the device that is being coupled to it must closely match for optimal compatibility between device and body, whether the device is implanted or mounted externally. Matching the elastic modulus makes it possible to limit movement and delamination at the biointerface between implant and tissue as well as avoiding stress concentration that can lead to mechanical failure. Other important properties are the tensile and compressive strengths which quantify the maximum stresses a material can withstand before breaking and may be used to set stress limits that a device may be subject to within or external to the body. Depending on the application, it may be desirable for a biomaterial to have high strength so that it is resistant to failure when subjected to a load, however in other applications it may be beneficial for the material to be low strength. There is a careful balance between strength and stiffness that determines how robust to failure the biomaterial device is. Typically, as the elasticity of the biomaterial increases, the ultimate tensile strength will decrease and vice versa. One application where a high-strength material is undesired is in neural probes; if a high-strength material is used in these applications the tissue will always fail before the device does (under applied load) because the Young's Modulus of the dura mater and cerebral tissue is on the order of 500 Pa. When this happens, irreversible damage to the brain can occur, thus the biomaterial must have an elastic modulus less than or equal to brain tissue and a low tensile strength if an applied load is expected.

Paragraph 16: Twosret's highest known date is a Year 8 II Shemu day 29  hieratic inscription found on one of the foundation blocks (FB 2) of her mortuary temple at Gournah in 2011 by the University of Arizona Egyptian Expedition. Since this was only a foundation inscription and Twosret's temple, although never finished as planned, was at least partially completed, it is logical to assume that some time must have passed before her downfall and the termination of work on her temple project. Richard Wilkinson stressed that Twosret's mortuary temple was "largely structurally completed," although bearing minimal decoration; therefore, she would have ruled for several more months beyond II Shemu 29 of her 8th Year for her temple to reach completion. Further study by Pearce Paul Creasman has concluded that the temple was "functionally complete." She could, hence, have possibly ruled for 6 to 20 more months after the inscription date to achieve these levels of completion, thus starting her 9th regnal year around the interval of IV Akhet/I Peret—when her husband died (since she assumed Siptah's reign as her own) or perhaps longer—before Setnakhte's rule began. Or she could have had a nearly full 9th year reign, including the 6-year reign of Siptah.

Paragraph 17: A variety of practice pads have been developed to assist percussionists in different ways. Practice pads may be designed to approximate the tension and response of a true drumhead when struck, or to provide less rebound to train the percussionist’s muscles. They can be constructed in a variety of shapes and sizes, and are typically small and light enough to be easily portable. Many variations include harder or softer playing surfaces, non-skid bases (that can also double as muted playing surfaces), and fixing points allowing the pad to be connected to existing percussion hardware such as a cymbal or snare drum stand.

Paragraph 18: In addition to a material being certified as biocompatible, biomaterials must be engineered specifically to their target application within a medical device. This is especially important in terms of mechanical properties which govern the way that a given biomaterial behaves. One of the most relevant material parameters is the Young's Modulus, E, which describes a material's elastic response to stresses. The Young's Moduli of the tissue and the device that is being coupled to it must closely match for optimal compatibility between device and body, whether the device is implanted or mounted externally. Matching the elastic modulus makes it possible to limit movement and delamination at the biointerface between implant and tissue as well as avoiding stress concentration that can lead to mechanical failure. Other important properties are the tensile and compressive strengths which quantify the maximum stresses a material can withstand before breaking and may be used to set stress limits that a device may be subject to within or external to the body. Depending on the application, it may be desirable for a biomaterial to have high strength so that it is resistant to failure when subjected to a load, however in other applications it may be beneficial for the material to be low strength. There is a careful balance between strength and stiffness that determines how robust to failure the biomaterial device is. Typically, as the elasticity of the biomaterial increases, the ultimate tensile strength will decrease and vice versa. One application where a high-strength material is undesired is in neural probes; if a high-strength material is used in these applications the tissue will always fail before the device does (under applied load) because the Young's Modulus of the dura mater and cerebral tissue is on the order of 500 Pa. When this happens, irreversible damage to the brain can occur, thus the biomaterial must have an elastic modulus less than or equal to brain tissue and a low tensile strength if an applied load is expected.

Paragraph 19: After this battle the Regiment was detailed as part of the garrison of Winchester, to protect it against guerrillas, as well as to escort trains to the front. It was there when the Battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, was fought, and remained until December 1, when it rejoined the Army of the Potomac, and passed the winter of 1864 and 1865 in doing siege duty in the trenches in front of Petersburg, Va. The Regiment was engaged in all the skirmishes that took place during this period, the most important of which were Hatcher's Run, December 10, 1864; Hatcher's Run, February 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th, 1865; Fort Fisher, Va., March 25, and Fort Stedman, same day. In the attack on Petersburg, April 2, 1865, the Regiment took a prominent and important part.  The night before, the 6th Corps was massed in front of Fort Fisher, ready for the assault.  Just at daybreak, Sunday morning, the lines advanced under a heavy fire, and carried the enemy's main lines by storm.  The Second Rhode Island started in the second line, but were the first to reach the works, and planted its colors on the parapet.  The enemy fled in great confusion, after their lines were pierced.  Lieutenant Frank S. Halliday, acting Adjutant of the Regiment, with a small party, carried a rebel fort mounting two guns, and turned them upon the enemy.  The whole affair was a glorious success, and caused the evacuation of the city on Monday morning, April 3. In the Battle of Sailors' Creek, Thursday following the above, April 6, the Regiment displayed great prowess.  About 5 o'clock, P. M., the division to which it was attached, advanced on the enemy's lines, and the Second Rhode Island attacked a part of the Naval Brigade, commanded by officers of the late rebel fleet.  The Regiment charged to within a few feet of their lines, when it met a severe flank fire, which forced it to retire.  The action as so close that men were bayoneted, and knocked down with the butts of muskets.  In the confusion, the colors of the Regiment were captured, but were quickly retaken.  The place where it charged was swampy, with water at least three feet deep, but the men pushed gallantly forward, and regained all the ground lost, causing the enemy to flee in great confusion, who left a part of their wagons in Federal hands.  The loss was severe in officers and men, but there was a proud satisfaction in knowing that the efforts of the Regiment hastened the surrender of Lee and his army. Captain Charles W. Gleason and Lieutenant William H. Perry, both gallant officers, were killed.  They were loved and respected by the Regiment. They entered the service as enlisted men at the beginning of the war, and by merit rose to their positions as officers.  In this battle the conduct of officers and men was in the highest degree commendable. The new men, who went into action for the first time, fought-like veterans.

Paragraph 20: Twosret's highest known date is a Year 8 II Shemu day 29  hieratic inscription found on one of the foundation blocks (FB 2) of her mortuary temple at Gournah in 2011 by the University of Arizona Egyptian Expedition. Since this was only a foundation inscription and Twosret's temple, although never finished as planned, was at least partially completed, it is logical to assume that some time must have passed before her downfall and the termination of work on her temple project. Richard Wilkinson stressed that Twosret's mortuary temple was "largely structurally completed," although bearing minimal decoration; therefore, she would have ruled for several more months beyond II Shemu 29 of her 8th Year for her temple to reach completion. Further study by Pearce Paul Creasman has concluded that the temple was "functionally complete." She could, hence, have possibly ruled for 6 to 20 more months after the inscription date to achieve these levels of completion, thus starting her 9th regnal year around the interval of IV Akhet/I Peret—when her husband died (since she assumed Siptah's reign as her own) or perhaps longer—before Setnakhte's rule began. Or she could have had a nearly full 9th year reign, including the 6-year reign of Siptah.

Paragraph 21: The pointed digraph pasekh tsvey yudn can also be typed in different ways. The one is simply to enter a precomposed pasekh tsvey yudn, which is both displayed and stored as a single character ײַ (U+FB1F). The second option is to enter the tsvey yudn ligature as a base character and then to enter a combining pasekh for display together with it. Although appearing to be a single character ײַ, it is stored digitally as two separate characters (U+05F2 U+05B7). These two forms can only be directly entered from a keyboard on which the ligature appears. As a result, a practice is developing where pasekh tsvey yudn are indicated by enclosing a pasekh between the elements of a two-character digraph. The pasekh aligns correctly only with the first yud (subject to conditions described in the next section) but the display is tolerably that of a fully marked digraph יַי and in some display environments may be indistinguishable from one or both of the previous alternatives. However, this option requires the storage of three separate characters (U+05D9 U+05B7 U+05D9). As a fourth alternative, albeit the least stable typographically, the second of two consecutive yudn may be pointed ייַ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B7). A pasekh yud is otherwise not part of any established Yiddish character repertoire, and its use in this context manifests conditions that are specific to computerized typography. The four possible representations of the pasekh tsvey yudn thus have even greater potential for causing confusion than do the other digraphs. A further potentially confusing option specific to computerized text production, but not a component of any Yiddish orthographic tradition, is the combination of a khirik with a tsvey yudn ligature to represent the consonant-vowel sequence yud — khirik yud, as ײִ (U+05F2 U+05B4) rather than the correct ייִ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B4).

Paragraph 22: The event in the series dates back to the late Ottoman rule of Syria (late 1890s–early 1900s). The series tells the story of a man (Nassar) whose wife died while giving birth because his mother had gone to the home of the noble family of Abu Hashem in the neighborhood to help Umm Hashem with the birth of her baby. When Abu Hashim heard about the birth of the male child, he promised God that he would go on foot to the pilgrimage when his son reaches the age of seven. The years pass and the child becomes seven years old and some of the inhabitants of the neighborhood prepare to go to the pilgrimage, including Nassar and his mother. Nassar who wants to propose to the daughter of Abu Hashim before going for Hajj, believes that her father delays the matter because he refuses Nassar. Nassar enters into a fight with the bakery workers when he intervenes to protect an orphan boy (Rida). He is put in jail for two days during which he is subjected to ill-treatment. On the 7th birthday of Hashim, his father holds a birthday party and invites the majority of the residents of the neighborhood to his home as well as the head of the police department (Yuzbashi Hilmi). When Nassar comes out of prison, he sets his sights on retaliation against the head of the police department. Nassar goes to the celebration where the chief of police is to be shot but the bullet hits Hashem in the chest. Nassar immediately escapes and meets with Sayyah, another wanted man. Sayyah and Nassar goes to the cemetery to hide and they become friends. Hashem is saved by his uncle the doctor. Pilgrims go on their long journey to Mecca as planned despite Hashem's injury. Nassar asks to meet Arafa in order to meet his mother. Karkar, an informer who works for the head of the police, hears that Arafa met Nassar while talking to his friend. Arafa is being detained and he is forced to tell the police station where Nassar is. The police go to the cemetery and heavy gunfire starts. Sayyah is killed but Arafa, who is wounded, and Nassar manage to flee. Nassar and Arafah will end up in an orchard. The events follow and Nassar is sentenced to death and Arafa to five years in prison after fabricating to Nassar a charge of trying to kill the Wali. Days after overnight in the open they come to a gentleman (Abu Jawad) who lives with his family in Douma. Because Nassar wants to meet his mother before going to Palestine. Jawad goes to Shaghour to bring Nassar's mother to Douma but Jawad is caught after suspicion. The trouble continues on Nassar and he begins to search after Jawad. Nassar kidnaps Karkar to testify about Jawad's place and confesses to him but he is killed when Karkar tries to kill the brother of Jawad. Nassar then burns the bakery to distract the police force while he enters the outpost to look for Jawad. He fails to find him  and releases some prisoners instead. Nassar and Arafa return to a cave they have stayed in. Some young men join them and it turns out that they are the ones who was released. Nassar seeks help from Talib who works for Abu Hashim in a perfume shop. Talib is asked to enter the prison of the Hakam Dar with the help of the private driver to the deputy governor (Hakam Dar).

Paragraph 23: This rape experience creates some sort of turning point for the narrator, who decides after vomiting and crying that she has to use her brains to help her situation. She decides that she needs to “find a single wolf to keep away the pack” and heads outside to find some higher ranked Russian to have an exclusive sexual relationship with so that she doesn't get viciously and spontaneously raped every day by different men. Out in the street she meets Anatol, a lieutenant from Ukraine. She flirts with him briefly and they agree to meet at her place at 7 pm. That night Petka arrives with some of his friends and makes himself at home. Petka and his friends shock the widow and the narrator as they place their food straight on the table, throw bones to the floor, and spit casually. Despite the narrator's worries that Petka and Anatol might clash over her, when Anatol comes he is at ease in her apartment and she discovers that his rank means very little to the Russians. Over the next days, Anatol comes to have sex with the narrator and a "taboo" is formed in that the Russians know that she is claimed. Anatol and his men come and go as they please and the widow's apartment is considered "Anatol's men's restaurant" but a restaurant where they bring the food. The narrator and the widow get food that the Russians bring and they benefit from the protection of Anatol's men against other Russian soldiers. The narrator also meets educated Russian soldiers, such as Andrei, and has many conversations about politics, fascism, and such. Petka shows up completely drunk in a fit of rage against the narrator and tries to hurt her but due to his drunkenness the widow and the narrator manage to push him out of the apartment. Among the many Russian visitors of the apartment, a pale blond lieutenant who has a lame leg and a clear dislike of the narrator rapes her one night, completely ignoring the "taboo" with Anatol. He arrives another day with a major and after conversing and drinking champagne; he asks the narrator if the major pleases her. The narrator realizes she has little choice considering Anatol has left and eventually decides to have sex with the major. She accepts the relationship with the major and does not call it rape since it is consensual. The major is very pleasant, shares his life with her, and brings her food and supplies such as candles.  The narrator contemplates her status as she agrees to have sexual relationships in return for goods and protection.

Paragraph 24: On April 29, 2011, Ali Haddad was appointed Mouldi Aïssaoui as General Director of USM Alger. Less than a year after taking office On February 28, 2012 Aïssaoui announced his resignation from his post of société sportive et commerciale (SSPA), accusing certain parties in the club of "conspiring" against him. Aïssaoui stated "I had a frank discussion with USMA President Haddad, during which I informed him of my decision to leave my position. He certainly wanted to talk me out of it, but I made him understand that this decision was irrevocable". In 2011–12 Ligue 1, USM Alger competed for the title until the last round. on April 14, 2012, in a match against MC Saïda at Stade 13 Avril 1958 Where did they need victory to stay away from relegation to Ligue Professionnelle 2 and in the last minute Nouri Ouznadji scored the equalizer. after the end of the match, while on their way to the changing rooms USM Alger players were attacked by strangers, the most dangerous of which was the assault that Abdelkader Laïfaoui was subjected with a knife that almost killed him and due to his injuries he had to receive stitches and spend the night in hospital. then decided USM Alger lifting lawsuit against unknown persons also decided not to play in Saïda for five years. On May 12, 2012, in a match against JSM Béjaïa in Bologhine and after a great drama, the meeting witnessed the players of JSM Béjaïa applauding referee Farouk Houasnia after announcing three penalties for USM Alger, which they considered an attempt to provide assistance to them especially as the victory brings them closer to the title. It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it. With the end of the season after six years absence USM Alger returned to the continental competitions from the gate of Confederation Cup. USMA was also invited by the Union of Arab Football Associations to compete in the UAFA Club Cup in its new version. Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem player who was expected a lot in view of his talent and to have a great future, Almost three years after last playing for USMA, Boualem has just ended his short football career. Boualem had made his last appearance in the Red and Black colors one afternoon in March 2012. It was on the 24th, during the match that had played against CS Constantine. Boualem had been substituted in the 76th minute of play and had not played again. Height of misfortune, with the multiple ailments that he frequently knew, the talented usmist was seriously injured during a training session.

Paragraph 25: On April 29, 2011, Ali Haddad was appointed Mouldi Aïssaoui as General Director of USM Alger. Less than a year after taking office On February 28, 2012 Aïssaoui announced his resignation from his post of société sportive et commerciale (SSPA), accusing certain parties in the club of "conspiring" against him. Aïssaoui stated "I had a frank discussion with USMA President Haddad, during which I informed him of my decision to leave my position. He certainly wanted to talk me out of it, but I made him understand that this decision was irrevocable". In 2011–12 Ligue 1, USM Alger competed for the title until the last round. on April 14, 2012, in a match against MC Saïda at Stade 13 Avril 1958 Where did they need victory to stay away from relegation to Ligue Professionnelle 2 and in the last minute Nouri Ouznadji scored the equalizer. after the end of the match, while on their way to the changing rooms USM Alger players were attacked by strangers, the most dangerous of which was the assault that Abdelkader Laïfaoui was subjected with a knife that almost killed him and due to his injuries he had to receive stitches and spend the night in hospital. then decided USM Alger lifting lawsuit against unknown persons also decided not to play in Saïda for five years. On May 12, 2012, in a match against JSM Béjaïa in Bologhine and after a great drama, the meeting witnessed the players of JSM Béjaïa applauding referee Farouk Houasnia after announcing three penalties for USM Alger, which they considered an attempt to provide assistance to them especially as the victory brings them closer to the title. It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it. With the end of the season after six years absence USM Alger returned to the continental competitions from the gate of Confederation Cup. USMA was also invited by the Union of Arab Football Associations to compete in the UAFA Club Cup in its new version. Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem player who was expected a lot in view of his talent and to have a great future, Almost three years after last playing for USMA, Boualem has just ended his short football career. Boualem had made his last appearance in the Red and Black colors one afternoon in March 2012. It was on the 24th, during the match that had played against CS Constantine. Boualem had been substituted in the 76th minute of play and had not played again. Height of misfortune, with the multiple ailments that he frequently knew, the talented usmist was seriously injured during a training session.

Paragraph 26: The pointed digraph pasekh tsvey yudn can also be typed in different ways. The one is simply to enter a precomposed pasekh tsvey yudn, which is both displayed and stored as a single character ײַ (U+FB1F). The second option is to enter the tsvey yudn ligature as a base character and then to enter a combining pasekh for display together with it. Although appearing to be a single character ײַ, it is stored digitally as two separate characters (U+05F2 U+05B7). These two forms can only be directly entered from a keyboard on which the ligature appears. As a result, a practice is developing where pasekh tsvey yudn are indicated by enclosing a pasekh between the elements of a two-character digraph. The pasekh aligns correctly only with the first yud (subject to conditions described in the next section) but the display is tolerably that of a fully marked digraph יַי and in some display environments may be indistinguishable from one or both of the previous alternatives. However, this option requires the storage of three separate characters (U+05D9 U+05B7 U+05D9). As a fourth alternative, albeit the least stable typographically, the second of two consecutive yudn may be pointed ייַ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B7). A pasekh yud is otherwise not part of any established Yiddish character repertoire, and its use in this context manifests conditions that are specific to computerized typography. The four possible representations of the pasekh tsvey yudn thus have even greater potential for causing confusion than do the other digraphs. A further potentially confusing option specific to computerized text production, but not a component of any Yiddish orthographic tradition, is the combination of a khirik with a tsvey yudn ligature to represent the consonant-vowel sequence yud — khirik yud, as ײִ (U+05F2 U+05B4) rather than the correct ייִ (U+05D9 U+05D9 U+05B4).

Paragraph 27: On April 29, 2011, Ali Haddad was appointed Mouldi Aïssaoui as General Director of USM Alger. Less than a year after taking office On February 28, 2012 Aïssaoui announced his resignation from his post of société sportive et commerciale (SSPA), accusing certain parties in the club of "conspiring" against him. Aïssaoui stated "I had a frank discussion with USMA President Haddad, during which I informed him of my decision to leave my position. He certainly wanted to talk me out of it, but I made him understand that this decision was irrevocable". In 2011–12 Ligue 1, USM Alger competed for the title until the last round. on April 14, 2012, in a match against MC Saïda at Stade 13 Avril 1958 Where did they need victory to stay away from relegation to Ligue Professionnelle 2 and in the last minute Nouri Ouznadji scored the equalizer. after the end of the match, while on their way to the changing rooms USM Alger players were attacked by strangers, the most dangerous of which was the assault that Abdelkader Laïfaoui was subjected with a knife that almost killed him and due to his injuries he had to receive stitches and spend the night in hospital. then decided USM Alger lifting lawsuit against unknown persons also decided not to play in Saïda for five years. On May 12, 2012, in a match against JSM Béjaïa in Bologhine and after a great drama, the meeting witnessed the players of JSM Béjaïa applauding referee Farouk Houasnia after announcing three penalties for USM Alger, which they considered an attempt to provide assistance to them especially as the victory brings them closer to the title. It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it. With the end of the season after six years absence USM Alger returned to the continental competitions from the gate of Confederation Cup. USMA was also invited by the Union of Arab Football Associations to compete in the UAFA Club Cup in its new version. Mohamed "Hamia" Boualem player who was expected a lot in view of his talent and to have a great future, Almost three years after last playing for USMA, Boualem has just ended his short football career. Boualem had made his last appearance in the Red and Black colors one afternoon in March 2012. It was on the 24th, during the match that had played against CS Constantine. Boualem had been substituted in the 76th minute of play and had not played again. Height of misfortune, with the multiple ailments that he frequently knew, the talented usmist was seriously injured during a training session.