Paragraph 1: From 1886, Worthington began to acquire public houses, which provided a captive market for their product. In order to raise capital for this expansion, the firm became a public company in 1889, and Horace Brown was created joint managing director alongside William Posnette Manners (1846–1915). By this time the company had an annual output of around 200,000 barrels, and employed 470 people. By 1890, the company's bottling operations equalled those of Bass, Guinness, Allsopp and Whitbread. When William Henry Worthington (1826–1894) died he left no direct heirs and was the fourth and final generation of the family to manage Worthington & Co. Horace Brown left the company in 1894 following a dispute with co-manager William Manners. By 1900, 73 per cent of the company's equity was in the hands of William Posnette Manners, who had joined the company in 1862 as a junior clerk, and under his astute leadership Worthington acquired a reputation for the quality of its bottled pale ales. The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners' death in 1915, control of the company passed to two of his sons, Arthur (1879–1968) and Ernest. Arthur was the architect of the merger with archrival Bass in 1927, and proved to be more than a match for John Gretton, 1st Baron Gretton, the chairman of the much larger Bass. Despite Bass's superior capitalization, the terms of the merger were such that Manners became chairman and joint managing director of Worthington, and deputy chairman and joint managing director of Bass. The amalgamation, described as 'the biggest non-merger in the history of the brewing industry', failed to realize its objectives. Apart from greater co-operation in bottled beer production and distribution, there were few economies and the two companies continued to operate as separate entities. Both boards were increasingly dominated by Manners and his family.

Paragraph 2: US 1 Bus./US 23 Bus./SR 4 Bus. begins at an intersection with US 1/US 23/SR 4 (known as Memorial Drive south of this intersection and South Georgia Parkway west of it) and US 82/SR 520 (also known as South Georgia Parkway). The business routes travel northwest on Memorial Drive. The green traffic island on the north-northeast of the intersection is named the Millie DeShazo Triangle. They extend into the heart of Waycross, while the mainline route of US 1/US 23/SR 4 heads west across the southern portion of the city. They immediately curve to the west-northwest and begin paralleling CSX Transportation's Brunswick Subdivision. Just past Harrison Street, they pass Memorial Stadium. On a curve to a nearly due west direction, they leave the CSX Transportation tracks and cross over the city drainage canal. They curve to the northwest and travel under a railroad bridge for CSX Transportation's Jesup Subdivision. Immediately after this bridge is an intersection with US 84/SR 38 (Plant Avenue) and the eastern terminus of Carswell Avenue. The business routes turn to the right and travel northeast on a concurrency with US 84/SR 38 for approximately . The five highways immediately begin paralleling the Jesup Subdivision and pass an office of the Georgia Department of Labor. US 1 Bus./US 23 Bus./SR 4 Bus. then turns left onto State Street, also signed as Ossie Davis Parkway, and travel to the northwest. They curve to the north-northwest and pass Wacona Elementary School. An intersection with Tebeau Street leads to a Mayo Clinic hospital. The three highways curve to the north-northwest. Between Charlton and Clough streets, the southbound lanes meet the northern terminus of Johnson Avenue, a one-way street, at a partial interchange. Just north of Abner Street, they begin paralleling another CSX Transportation rail line, specifically the Fitzgerald Subdivision. They cross over Kettle Creek, where they leave the city limits of Waycross. They curve to the west-northwest and leave the rail line. An intersection with the northern terminus of Airport road leads to the Erin Johnson Softball Complex, Ware State Prison, St. Illa Substance Abuse Center, the Ware County Sheriff's Office, and the Southland Waste Transfer Station. This intersection is just north of Waycross–Ware County Airport. They continue in a northwesterly direction and then reach their northern terminus, a second intersection with the US 1/US 23/SR 4 mainline. Except for the far northern end, the entire length of US 1 Bus. is part of the National Highway System, a system of routes determined to be the most important for the nation's economy, mobility, and defense.

Paragraph 3: The existing specimens of Orthosuchus were found in the Lower Jurassic Red Bed Formation in South Africa in 1963. It was hypothesized that Orthosuchus lived mainly on terrestrial land, but some key factors contribute to the fact that it spent time mostly in water. The first notable evidence is on the palate, which was covered by soft tissue, not bone. The choanae are on the back of the palate and a valve was used to help close the glottis. These features help Orthosuchus keep breathing when submerging in the aquatic system. The ears are protected by earflaps, which prevent water inflow to the otic recess when this animal is in water. Modern crocodiles also have earflaps to decrease water entry. The shape of the skull, especially the snout, is similar to an Indian gharial, Gavialis gangeticus, who prey on small fish. It is possible that Orthosuchus has the same predation, by slowly moving toward schools of small fish and swallow from the side. The aquatic environment provides plenty of food for the animal, besides small fish, the animal could also feed on lake invertebrates. Orthosuchus has a small salt-secreting gland, which indicates that it is not a marine animal. And because the pubis articulates with the front region of the ischium, it is believed to be a basal animal that lived in swamps and lakes. The animal is probably quadrupedal because the fore limbs are approximately 91% the length of the hind limb, which also makes the walking on land easier. Unlike modern crocodiles, Orthosuchus does not creep on its belly; it probably walks at a high position with its femur vertical to the ground. According to Parrish, primitive crocodylomorphs did not have a crawling stance because it was more used to the terrestrial environment. However, Orthosuchus may not be a good swimmer, since it has amphicoelous vertebrae, whereas modern crocodiles have procoelous vertebrae, which increase the mobility of the tail.

Paragraph 4: In 1658, a French Capuchin monastery was founded by the site; in 1669 the monastery succeeded in purchasing the monument, which by the early 19th century was being used as the monastery library. The monument was popularly known as the "Lantern of Demosthenes" or "Lantern of Diogenes", although a reading of its inscription by Jacob Spon had established its original purpose.  The young British architects James "Athenian" Stuart and Nicholas Revett published the first measured drawings of the monument in their Antiquities of Athens (London 1762). The monument became famous in France and England through engravings of it, and contemporary versions of it became eye-catching features in several English landscape gardens. Lord Byron stayed at the monastery  during his second visit to Greece. In 1818, friar Francis planted in its gardens the first tomato plants in Greece. In 1821 the convent was burned by the Ottomans during the Greek War of Independence, and subsequently demolished, and the monument was inadvertently exposed to the weather. In 1829, the monks offered the structure to an Englishman on tour, but it proved to be too cumbersome to disassemble and ship. Lord Elgin negotiated unsuccessfully for the monument, by then an icon in the Greek Revival.

Paragraph 5: Sparky the Sun Devil is the official mascot of Arizona State University. Originally the ASU athletic teams' mascot was an owl, then became a "Normal" (because ASU was founded as a normal school). It was later changed to a bulldog in an attempt to make the school – Arizona State Teacher's College at the time – appear more in line with Yale and other universities that held a higher level of respect. The State Press, the student newspaper, ran frequent appeals during the fall of 1946, urging the Bulldog to be replaced by the new Sun Devil. On November 8, 1946, the student body voted 819 to 196 to make the change. On November 20, as reported by the Arizona Republic, the student council made it official. The following day, the first Arizona State team played as the Sun Devils.  Two years later, Stanford Alum and Disney illustrator Berk Anthony designed "Sparky", a devil holding a trident (colloquially referred to as a pitchfork). Anthony is rumored to have based Sparky's facial features on that of his former boss, Walt Disney.

Paragraph 6: Having returned to the club where he started his career, Dyer faced competition for a starting place from Heiðar Helguson and Danny Webber. In 2003–04 he made 18 starting league appearances, scoring three goals. His strike rate improved the following season, with 9 goals from his 21 league starts. Despite being in good form, Dyer did not score in any of his six appearances following the arrival of new manager Aidy Boothroyd, and was released by Watford in May 2005. After spending a week on trial at Stoke City, he signed for the Championship club on a one-year deal. He joined  Millwall on a two-month loan on 4 November and made his debut a day later in a 3–1 defeat against Crewe Alexandra. He scored two goals against Sheffield United, which earned Millwall a 2–2 draw, and finished his loan spell with 10 appearances. After making 12 appearances for Stoke, he was released in January and subsequently signed for Sheffield United on a contract until the end of the 2005–06 season. He scored on his debut against Reading, giving his side the lead after nine minutes, but a Dave Kitson equaliser three minutes later saw the match end in a 1–1 draw. However, he was unable to score again in a further four appearances and joined Doncaster Rovers on 2 June 2006 on a free transfer. His Doncaster debut came in a 1–0 defeat to Carlisle United on the opening day of the 2006–07 season and scored with a low 20-yard shot during his second game against Crewe, which finished as a 3–1 victory. He joined Bradford City on a month's loan on 31 January 2007 and scored eight minutes into his debut against Nottingham Forest, with the match eventually finishing in a 2–2 draw. He finished his loan spell with five appearances for the club. After returning to Doncaster, he played in seven matches for the team, finishing the season with 17 appearances.

Paragraph 7:  Captain James Cook—Dusky Sound—1772. "For three or four days after we arrived in Pickersgill harbour, and as we were clearing the woods to set up our tents, &c. a four-footed animal was seen by three or four of our people; but as no two gave the same description of it, I cannot say of what kind it is. All, however, agreed, that it was about the size of a cat, with short legs, and of a mouse colour. One of the seamen, and he who had the best view of it, said it had a bushy tail, and was the most like a jackall of any animal he knew. The most probable conjecture is, that it is of a new species. Be this as it may, we are now certain that this country is not so destitute of quadrupeds as was once thought."Georg Forster, one of the biologists on board, doubted the observation of a quadruped in his report, A Voyage Round the World: "We were surprised to see the young black dog in the boat with them, which ran away from us [...]. Though this animal had been in the woods during a fortnight, yet it was by no means famished, but on the contrary looked well fed [...] We may from hence conclude, that as there is abundance of food for carnivorous animals in New Zealand, they would probably be very numerous if they existed there at all, especially if they were endowed with any degree of sagacity, like the fox, or cat tribes. In that case they could not have escaped the notice of our numerous parties, nor of the natives, and the latter would certainly have preserved their furs, as a valuable article of dress in their moist and raw climate, for want of which they now wear the skins of dogs and of birds. The question, whether New Zealand contained any wild quadrupeds, had engaged our attention from our first arrival there. One of our people, strongly persuaded that so great a country could not fail of possessing new and unknown animals, had already twice reported that he had seen a brown animal, something less than a jackal or little fox, about the dawn of morning, sitting on a stump of a tree near our tents, and running off at his approach. But as this circumstance has never been confirmed by any subsequent testimony, nothing is more probable than that the want of day-light had deceived him, and that he had either observed one of the numerous wood-hens, which are brown, and creep through the bushes very frequently; or that one of our cats, on the watch for little birds, had been mistaken for a new quadruped.In 1864, Captain Frederick Hutton, speculated that the animal seen at Dusky Bay was probably a dog, "as none on board had at that time seen a dog in New Zealand. The evidence of a kind of otter inhabiting the South Island rests upon some foot-prints seen by Dr. Haast".

Paragraph 8: The most common storyline is that Léonard comes up with the idea for an invention. He then proceeds to wake up his late-sleeping Disciple using various means which range from loudspeakers to explosives. After being blown to bits or suffering similar injuries, the Disciple gets himself together and grudgingly proceeds to help build and test Léonard's latest idea. This invariably results in more damage to his body and soul, but failure to co-operate will result in him being on the receiving end of Léonard's anvil or blunderbuss which the Master keeps conveniently tucked up in his beard. The story often ends with the Disciple covered in plaster and bandages and even having to go to hospital.

Paragraph 9: Johnson's breakthrough role came less than a month after she moved to Los Angeles, when she was selected to portray Kimberly Hart, the Pink Ranger, in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, the first installment of the Power Rangers franchise. Despite the series being a huge success and having brought Johnson international recognition as an actress, the show brought her little financial security, as she and the others were paid only $600 a week for their work on the show, which included stunt work and public appearances; none of the cast received any royalty payments from re-runs of episodes they appeared in. During Johnson's time with the franchise, whose productions were non-union and not subject to safety codes standardized in union contracts, Johnson faced multiple instances of danger of physical harm; while filming Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie, she was almost set on fire during a stunt and, during Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie, she was almost electrocuted. Johnson ultimately made the decision to leave the show in 1995, passing the role of the Pink Ranger to Australian actress Catherine Sutherland. In an appearance on I Love the '90s, Johnson jokingly stated that having been the Pink Power Ranger was something she would "never live down." In later years, Johnson stated that becoming famous from the show was at times overwhelming and had given her nightmares, but that overall, she learned many things and is grateful to the show and her fans. In all, Johnson's character has appeared in 138 episodes in the franchise. She, alongside former co-star Jason David Frank, made a cameo appearance in the 2017 film Power Rangers, though not as Power Rangers themselves. In 2023, Johnson announced that she had declined to reprise the role of Kimberly Hart in the 30th anniversary Power Rangers special on Netflix but that she wished the special and her former co-stars well while also saying that she had other fun things in store for her fans that year.

Paragraph 10: The 2nd Marines were reactivated in February 1941 in San Diego, California.  This time the regiment was part of the newly formed 2nd Marine Division. The regiment, with the acting division commander and headquarters embarked in  and remaining elements embarked aboard  , ,  and , was placed on twenty-four hours alert for sailing effective 24 June with ultimate destination Guadalcanal. The ships sailed combat-loaded and ready for landing operations on arrival from San Diego on 1 July to the South Pacific in July 1942, to reinforce the 1st Marine Division during the Battle of Guadalcanal in 1942–43. On 7 August 1942 and in support of assaults onto Tulagi Island plus the islets of Gavutu and Tanambogo, the 1st Battalion, 2nd Marines landed in two locations onto Florida Island. Finding no Japanese troops, 1st Battalion, 2nd Marines shifted during day to support the 1st Marine Parachute Battalion on Gavutu and Tanambogo.  Gavutu and Tanambogo connected to each other via a causeway.  An attempted landing by Co. B, 2nd Marines onto the north coast of Tanambogo was unsuccessful.  On 8 August 1942, Third Battalion, 2nd Marines plus two tanks of Co. C, 2nd Marine Tank Battalion were landed onto southeast Tanambogo.  After hard fighting, Tanambogo secured by nightfall. Gavutu Island also secured on 8 August 1942.  Other elements of 2nd Marines secure islets of Makambo, Mbangai and Kokomtambu (all near Tulagi Island) over 7 and 8 August 1942.  On 9 August 1942, 2nd Marines headquarters plus attached companies of 2nd Amphibian Tractor Battalion, 2nd Service Battalion and portion of 3rd Battalion, 11th Marines (an artillery unit) taken by retiring naval forces to Espiritu Santo.  Via cargo ship USS Alhena, headquarters of 2nd Marines, including Col. J. M. Arthur, landed on Tulagi during 22 August 1942.  2nd Marines later moved to Guadalcanal with elements of 2nd Marines engaged in combat on Guadalcanal from 7 October 1942.

Paragraph 11: During the course of a game, players gain XP (experience) by completing actions such as constructing buildings, training units, killing enemies, and collecting treasures. Whenever a certain number of experience points are gained, the player can make use of a shipment from their respective Home City. Shipments slow down as the game goes on since more XP is required with every consecutive shipment. This XP is also added directly to the home city and is collected over multiple games, allowing it to level up over time. Players can gear their cards into three different combinations: "Boom" (economic combinations), "Rush" (military combinations), or "Turtle" (defensive combinations). The first few cards chosen are automatically added to the player's portfolio, where it can be copied onto a deck for use in a game. Later in the game, cards have to be manually chosen because of the limit of cards in one deck. Most cards are available to all civilizations, but some are unique to one. If the Home City being played has more than one deck, the player must select which to use when the first shipment is sent. During a game, players keep this initial deck; this feature encourages players to build decks that are customized for the map being played on, or that counter other civilizations. The decks support twenty cards. As the Home City improves by level, you may gain an extra card slot for the decks for every 10 levels.

Paragraph 12: In 1658, a French Capuchin monastery was founded by the site; in 1669 the monastery succeeded in purchasing the monument, which by the early 19th century was being used as the monastery library. The monument was popularly known as the "Lantern of Demosthenes" or "Lantern of Diogenes", although a reading of its inscription by Jacob Spon had established its original purpose.  The young British architects James "Athenian" Stuart and Nicholas Revett published the first measured drawings of the monument in their Antiquities of Athens (London 1762). The monument became famous in France and England through engravings of it, and contemporary versions of it became eye-catching features in several English landscape gardens. Lord Byron stayed at the monastery  during his second visit to Greece. In 1818, friar Francis planted in its gardens the first tomato plants in Greece. In 1821 the convent was burned by the Ottomans during the Greek War of Independence, and subsequently demolished, and the monument was inadvertently exposed to the weather. In 1829, the monks offered the structure to an Englishman on tour, but it proved to be too cumbersome to disassemble and ship. Lord Elgin negotiated unsuccessfully for the monument, by then an icon in the Greek Revival.

Paragraph 13: Throughout her career, Carey has been honoured several times for her musical and philanthropic work. In 1995, Carey was honoured as the Best-Selling World Recording Artist by the World Music Awards. In 1999, Carey was award a Congressional Award, for her work with The Fresh Air Fund and the New York City Administration for Children's Services. Towards the end of the '90s decade, Carey was named the Artist of the Decade by Billboard with Entertainment Tonight calling it one of her "biggest milestones". In August 2015, Carey was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2017, Carey was honoured at the VH1 Hip Hop Honors for her contributions to R&B and hip-hop genre. In 2019, Carey was honoured by Variety'''s Power of Women for her work with The Fresh Air Fund's Camp Mariah alongside Jennifer Aniston, Awkwafina, and numerous others. Dubbed the "Queen of Christmas" by the media, Carey and her popular song "All I Want For Christmas Is You" set four Guinness World Records in 2019. In 2021, Carey broke three more Guinness Word Records. One of these records was becoming the first artist in history to top the Billboard Hot 100 in four consecutive decades.

Paragraph 14: Rarely, pemoline is implicated in causing hepatotoxicity. Because of this, the FDA recommended that regular liver tests be performed in those treated with it. Since being introduced, it has been linked with at least 21 cases of liver failure, of which 13 resulted in liver replacement or death. Approximately 1–2% of patients taking the drug show elevated levels of liver transaminase enzymes, a marker for liver toxicity, though serious cases are rare. Over 200,000 children with ADHD were prescribed pemoline in the United States and Canada alone during the approximate 25 years that it was available, plus a smaller number of adults prescribed it for other indications (and not including prescriptions in the rest of the world). As such, the number of liver failure cases was statistically not that large. However the reactions proved idiosyncratic and unpredictable, with patients sometimes taking the drug with no issue for months or even years, before suddenly developing severe liver toxicity. There was no clear exposure–toxicity relationship, and no characteristic liver pathology findings. Some patients showed as little as one week between first appearance of jaundice and complete liver failure, and some of the patients that developed liver failure had not showed elevated liver transaminase levels when tested previously. On the other hand, there are no cases of liver failure associated with pemoline in Japan, although it is used at lower doses and is only prescribed for the niche indication of narcolepsy in this country.

Paragraph 15: Throughout her career, Carey has been honoured several times for her musical and philanthropic work. In 1995, Carey was honoured as the Best-Selling World Recording Artist by the World Music Awards. In 1999, Carey was award a Congressional Award, for her work with The Fresh Air Fund and the New York City Administration for Children's Services. Towards the end of the '90s decade, Carey was named the Artist of the Decade by Billboard with Entertainment Tonight calling it one of her "biggest milestones". In August 2015, Carey was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2017, Carey was honoured at the VH1 Hip Hop Honors for her contributions to R&B and hip-hop genre. In 2019, Carey was honoured by Variety'''s Power of Women for her work with The Fresh Air Fund's Camp Mariah alongside Jennifer Aniston, Awkwafina, and numerous others. Dubbed the "Queen of Christmas" by the media, Carey and her popular song "All I Want For Christmas Is You" set four Guinness World Records in 2019. In 2021, Carey broke three more Guinness Word Records. One of these records was becoming the first artist in history to top the Billboard Hot 100 in four consecutive decades.

Paragraph 16: In early 2009, Jigsaw and Quackenbush scored their third win in a row, which meant that they could now challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. The championship match took place on April 25, but Jigsaw and Quackenbush were unable to defeat the reigning champions The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). With Quackenbush out with a knee injury, he positioned Jigsaw as the mentor for the stable of younger wrestlers, called The Future Is Now, which consisted of Equinox, Helios and Lince Dorado. During the rest of the year, he also feuded with Gran Akuma, whom he would defeat in the main event on November 21. On October 23, 2010, Jigsaw represented Chikara in the torneo cibernetico match, where the company's originals faced Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK). He was eliminated from the match by BDK's Tim Donst. After several attempts and failures at getting their third point, Jigsaw and Quackenbush finally earned their title match by winning a four–way elimination match on November 22, during which they made all three eliminations. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale Reality is Relative Jigsaw and Quackenbush cashed in their points and defeated Ares and Castagnoli two falls to one to win the Campeonatos de Parejas for the first time. For the 2011 King of Trios, Jigsaw and Quackenbush formed a trio with Japanese joshi legend Manami Toyota and on April 15 defeated Amazing Red, Joel Maximo and Wil Maximo in their first round match. The following day, the trio was eliminated from the tournament in the quarterfinal stage by Team Michinoku Pro (Dick Togo, Great Sasuke and Jinsei Shinzaki). On September 18, Jigsaw and Quackenbush lost the Campeonatos de Parejas to F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor and Johnny Gargano) in their third defense. In November and December 2011, Jigsaw represented Chikara in Osaka Pro Wrestling, making his first tour of Japan in the process. The tour, which lasted from November 27 to December 18, saw Jigsaw take part in the annual Tenno-zan tournament, where he made it all the way to the semifinals, before losing to Kuuga. On May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend, Jigsaw received his first shot at the Chikara Grand Championship, but was unable to dethrone Eddie Kingston. On September 14, Jigsaw and Mike Quackenbush reunited with Manami Toyota for the 2012 King of Trios, defeating combatAnt, deviAnt and Soldier Ant in their first round match. The following day, the team was eliminated from the tournament, after losing to Team Sendai Girls (Dash Chisako, Meiko Satomura and Sendai Sachiko).

Paragraph 17: In 1658, a French Capuchin monastery was founded by the site; in 1669 the monastery succeeded in purchasing the monument, which by the early 19th century was being used as the monastery library. The monument was popularly known as the "Lantern of Demosthenes" or "Lantern of Diogenes", although a reading of its inscription by Jacob Spon had established its original purpose.  The young British architects James "Athenian" Stuart and Nicholas Revett published the first measured drawings of the monument in their Antiquities of Athens (London 1762). The monument became famous in France and England through engravings of it, and contemporary versions of it became eye-catching features in several English landscape gardens. Lord Byron stayed at the monastery  during his second visit to Greece. In 1818, friar Francis planted in its gardens the first tomato plants in Greece. In 1821 the convent was burned by the Ottomans during the Greek War of Independence, and subsequently demolished, and the monument was inadvertently exposed to the weather. In 1829, the monks offered the structure to an Englishman on tour, but it proved to be too cumbersome to disassemble and ship. Lord Elgin negotiated unsuccessfully for the monument, by then an icon in the Greek Revival.

Paragraph 18: The British built an airfield in Crécy to provide air support before the fall of France in 1940. During the Battle of France, the plan seems to have been to deploy RAF squadrons of Bristol Blenheim light bombers there, but it is not clear how intensively the airfield was used. In the confused days of mid-May 1940 one squadron that was ordered to deploy there did not due to the absence of any military protection. It is most notable for its occupation by the German Luftwaffe, with Gruppe Zerstörergeschwader 26 of Messerschmitt Bf 110s stationed there from May 1940 until November 1940 when, after the end of the Battle of Britain, the Gruppe was withdrawn to Germany to rest and re-equip. Several other squadrons came and went, including some Messerschmitt Bf 109s. The entrance to the airfield is still visible on the left of the D12 road from Crécy to Ligescourt, midway between the two. Some fortified installations are also visible, hidden beneath trees on various sides of the airfield.

Paragraph 19: From 1886, Worthington began to acquire public houses, which provided a captive market for their product. In order to raise capital for this expansion, the firm became a public company in 1889, and Horace Brown was created joint managing director alongside William Posnette Manners (1846–1915). By this time the company had an annual output of around 200,000 barrels, and employed 470 people. By 1890, the company's bottling operations equalled those of Bass, Guinness, Allsopp and Whitbread. When William Henry Worthington (1826–1894) died he left no direct heirs and was the fourth and final generation of the family to manage Worthington & Co. Horace Brown left the company in 1894 following a dispute with co-manager William Manners. By 1900, 73 per cent of the company's equity was in the hands of William Posnette Manners, who had joined the company in 1862 as a junior clerk, and under his astute leadership Worthington acquired a reputation for the quality of its bottled pale ales. The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners' death in 1915, control of the company passed to two of his sons, Arthur (1879–1968) and Ernest. Arthur was the architect of the merger with archrival Bass in 1927, and proved to be more than a match for John Gretton, 1st Baron Gretton, the chairman of the much larger Bass. Despite Bass's superior capitalization, the terms of the merger were such that Manners became chairman and joint managing director of Worthington, and deputy chairman and joint managing director of Bass. The amalgamation, described as 'the biggest non-merger in the history of the brewing industry', failed to realize its objectives. Apart from greater co-operation in bottled beer production and distribution, there were few economies and the two companies continued to operate as separate entities. Both boards were increasingly dominated by Manners and his family.

Paragraph 20: Brachyhyops is the oldest entelodont from North America and is recorded exclusively from late Eocene (late Duchesnean – early Chadronian) age deposits.  Their geographic range is restricted to western North America and spans from Saskatchewan, Canada to as far south as Big Bend, Texas, USA.  A total of nine localities have yielded Brachyhyops material.  The Cypress Hills Formation in Saskatchewan, Canada, suggests an early Chadronian age, approximately 37 Ma, and represents the type locality for Brachyhyops viensis as well as the northernmost area in which Brachyhyops specimens have been recorded.  Apparently an undocumented Brachyhyops specimen has been recorded from the late Eocene White River Formation of Montana, however, the exact museum location where this specimen is housed remains unknown.  Three localities in Wyoming yielded Brachyhyops material and these include a partial skull roof and maxilla from the lower White River Formation (late Eocene) of the Flagstaff Rim, Wyoming.  Based on size and tooth shape, these specimens have been assigned to B. viensis.  The next locality in Wyoming is the type locality for B. wyomingensis which was recorded from the Big Sand Draw Lentil of the White River Formation at Beaver Divide, and comprises a single skull without mandibles.  The third locality yielded cranial fragments that are assigned to B. viensis and were recorded from the lower strata of the White River Formation at Canyon Creek, approximately 50 km east of Beaver Divide.  Additional Brachyhyops wyomingensis material was recorded from a single location in northeastern Utah, namely the Lapoint Member of the Duchesne River Formation, which has an age of approximately 39.74 ± 0.07 Ma based on radioisotopic dates from nearby volcanic ashes.  Two localities within New Mexico yielded Brachyhyops material and include a single molar (m1) from the lower jaw that was assigned to B. viensis and recorded within the Duchesnean interval of the Galisteo Formation in north central New Mexico, and is of late Duchesnean (38 Ma) age.  An additional specimen was recorded from the upper Baca Formation at Mariano Mesa in west central New Mexico and is also situated within the Duchesnean.  This specimen comprises a single premolar and four molars (p3 – m4) from a single right lower jaw and are assigned to B. wyomingensis based on the shape and dimensions of the teeth.  The final locality within North America is located in Trans-Pecos, Texas, USA, and contains well documented records of Brachyhyops wyomingensis from the late Duchesnean Porvenir local fauna which is situated above a volcanic ash that is radioisotopically dated to 37.8 ± 0.15 Ma.

Paragraph 21: The game started well for the Exiles as a long ball from Daniel Holdsworth which cut 3 men out allowed Joel Monaghan to break down the right side of the field, Holdsworth backed him up and passed inside to Steve Menzies. However Menzies was about to be tackled before Scott Dureau showed up to take the ball and perform a 360 degree swivel before offloading to Brett Hodgson who darted between 3 England players to score the first try of the game. Hodgson converted his own try to put the Exiles into an early 6-0 lead. England hit back in the 22nd minute, Scott Dureau put in a grubber kick which was fielded easily by Stefan Ratchford. Ratchford was tackled on his own 10m line, Warrington Wolves star Ryan Atkins then scooted from dummy half and evaded the markers to race 90m to score England's first try of the game. Danny Brough managed to kick the goal from a tight angle to level the scores at 6-6. However the Exiles soon regained the lead when stand off Daniel Holdsworth gave an inside ball to Steve Menzies which caught the England defence out. Menzies raced 30m before drawing the fullback in and passing to the supporting Lincoln Withers who had to pass to Scott Dureau to avoid the cover defence. Dureau crossed under the sticks and captain Brett Hodgson converted to give the Exiles a 12-6 lead. England once again hit back with a move which went to the left of the field and back to the right again. Rob Burrow ran across the face of the defence and found Ratchford, he then gave an inside ball to Jon Wilkin, as Wilkin was about to be tackled he quickly offloaded to Danny Brough, Brough ran to the right, isolated the Exiles winger and found Leroy Cudjoe with a cutout pass, he drew the winger in and passed outside to Josh Charnley who raced 25m and stepped inside Brett Hodgson to score a try. This time Danny Brough could not convert the try and the Exiles held onto a 2-point lead. The Exiles extended their lead even further just before the half time hooter. A scrum gave the Exiles vital field position which allowed them to execute a sweeping move to the left of the field with Brett Hodgson delivering the final cut out ball for Joel Monaghan to score in the corner. Hodgson could not convert the difficult kick but the Exiles went into halftime 16-10 up.

Paragraph 22: Throughout her career, Carey has been honoured several times for her musical and philanthropic work. In 1995, Carey was honoured as the Best-Selling World Recording Artist by the World Music Awards. In 1999, Carey was award a Congressional Award, for her work with The Fresh Air Fund and the New York City Administration for Children's Services. Towards the end of the '90s decade, Carey was named the Artist of the Decade by Billboard with Entertainment Tonight calling it one of her "biggest milestones". In August 2015, Carey was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2017, Carey was honoured at the VH1 Hip Hop Honors for her contributions to R&B and hip-hop genre. In 2019, Carey was honoured by Variety'''s Power of Women for her work with The Fresh Air Fund's Camp Mariah alongside Jennifer Aniston, Awkwafina, and numerous others. Dubbed the "Queen of Christmas" by the media, Carey and her popular song "All I Want For Christmas Is You" set four Guinness World Records in 2019. In 2021, Carey broke three more Guinness Word Records. One of these records was becoming the first artist in history to top the Billboard Hot 100 in four consecutive decades.

Paragraph 23: In May 2008, Newport Television agreed to sell WOAI-TV and five other stations to High Plains Broadcasting because of ownership conflicts. Providence Equity Partners also holds a 19% ownership stake in Univision Communications, the owner of Univision owned-and-operated station KWEX-TV (channel 41) and Telefutura station KNIC-TV (channel 17). In the case of San Antonio, it would have given Providence Equity control of three stations in the market. Even without KNIC in the picture, both WOAI and KWEX were among the four highest-rated stations in the San Antonio market at the time of the Clear Channel sale (and remain so today). The FCC normally does not allow two of the four highest-rated stations to be owned by a single entity. The sale was finalized on September 15, 2008. However, the sale to High Plains Broadcasting was in name only. Newport continued to operate the station under a shared services agreement, with High Plains only holding the FCC assets of the station (including the license). This effectively made High Plains Broadcasting a front company for Newport Television in a relationship similar to that between Mission Broadcasting and Nexstar Broadcasting Group as well as between Cunningham Broadcasting (and later Deerfield Media) and the Sinclair Broadcast Group. On December 17, 2007, WOAI debuted a slightly altered logo.

Paragraph 24: The most common storyline is that Léonard comes up with the idea for an invention. He then proceeds to wake up his late-sleeping Disciple using various means which range from loudspeakers to explosives. After being blown to bits or suffering similar injuries, the Disciple gets himself together and grudgingly proceeds to help build and test Léonard's latest idea. This invariably results in more damage to his body and soul, but failure to co-operate will result in him being on the receiving end of Léonard's anvil or blunderbuss which the Master keeps conveniently tucked up in his beard. The story often ends with the Disciple covered in plaster and bandages and even having to go to hospital.

Paragraph 25: JTF 1–501 deployed to Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan from October 2003 until August 2004 under the direct command of CJTF-180 and 1st Brigade, 10th Mountain Division. Its first mission was to open the 'Khowst-Gardez Pass', also known as 'Ambush Alley' during the Russian/Soviet occupation. After a successful and (almost) uncontested Ground Assault Convoy (GAC) through Ambush Alley, the 501st based itself just outside the city of Khowst, helping to build what became known as FOB Salerno (Forward Operating Base Salerno), near the eastern border with Pakistan. The 501st played a significant role in disrupting enemy communications and infiltrations across the border in their Area of Operation. Commanded by LTC Harry C. Glenn, the 501st conducted coordinated searches and patrolled the mountains during Operations Avalanche, Blizzard, and Storm, in which its mission was to root out Taliban and Al Qaeda loyalists in the Khowst Province and Paktia Province. The natives of the region, mainly the Pashtun, were—more often than not—both enemies and allies to the 501st, making the mission that much more difficult. However, in comparison to the prior Soviet occupation, within just a few visits and 'elder tea meetings', the 501st quickly earned the trust of the local people and militia/warlords. As a result of the unit's time in-country, few enemies were killed, yet many were detained and captured when necessary (using an incredibly strict system that often resulted in capturing and re-capturing individuals, until it was proved that they were definitely 'enemy combatants'). Local Pashtun shepherds would even inform the 501st when non-local 'Arabs' planted IEDs (improvised explosive devices)/bombs on roads and trade routes, such that the 501st could help protect the local people. In addition, the 501st collected/confiscated tons upon tons of ammunition and weapons, which were destroyed, in the attempt to make the region safer for everyone (as referenced by direct US military reports in WikiLeaks). During the occupation, the 501st conducted countless cordon and searches while confronting enemy combatants in direct battles. Furthermore, the 501st secured the Afghani border, organized the first known meeting between Afghani/Pakistani Officials since the Durand Line was established, created inter and intrastate commerce, advised on (and helped build) civil-security, conducted 'tail-gate' medicine to help with local health and prosperity issues, and even provided security for male and female children schools (often the target of radical Islam terrorist operations), with the overall intent to secure the entire region for local Democratic elections and allow for mutual peace and mutual prosperity of the Afghani/Pakistani region. The 1–501 was supported by an Air Force Special Operations Team (TACP), commanded by Captain A. Rodell Severson.  http://www.airforcetimes.com/legacy/new/0-AIRPAPER-2817838.php. The TACP went on all missions, providing Battlespace Control for the Geronimos and were an integral part of the Joint Task Force.

Paragraph 26: According to the narrative found in the Vana Parva (Ch.122-5) of the Mahabharata, Chyavana was so absorbed in practising austerities on the side of a lake that termites built up their mound all over his body and only his eyes were left. Once, Sharyati, along with his army and household, came to visit the place. Sukanya, daughter of king Sharyati, seeing only two bright eyes in what seemed to be an anthill, poked them with a stick. Chyavana felt excessive pain and became furious. He obstructed the calls of nature of Sharyati's army. He was pleased only after the king gave him his daughter in marriage. Subsequently, the Ashvins came to the hermitage of Chyavana. They saw Sukanya while she was bathing, and tried to convince Sukanya to reject old and ugly Chyavana and accept one of them as her husband. They also promised to restore the youth of Chyavana first so that she could make an unbiased choice amongst Chyavana and one of them. Sukanya rejected their proposal and informed Chyavana. Later, at the behest of Chyavana, Sukanya requested the Ashvins to do so. All three took bath in the lake and came out with the same youthful divine look. Each of them requested Sukanya to be his bride, but she identified Chyavana and selected him. In gratitude, Chyavana assured the Ashvins that he would ensure that the Ashvins get their share of the sacrificial offerings. Accordingly, Chyavana, while officiating as a priest of Sharyati in a soma sacrifice, offered the share of the sacrifice to the Ashvins. Indra objected to this, stating that as mere servants of the devas, so they have no right to receive offering of Soma juice. When the sage ignored his opinion, he tried to hurl his vajra (thunderbolt) towards Chyavana, but his arms were paralysed by Chyavana before he could do so. Chyavana, by virtue of his ascetic energy, created a huge asura, Mada, with four fangs. Mada was on the point of devouring Indra, when he became afraid, and finally accepted the right of the Ashvins to have a share of the offerings.

Paragraph 27: According to the narrative found in the Vana Parva (Ch.122-5) of the Mahabharata, Chyavana was so absorbed in practising austerities on the side of a lake that termites built up their mound all over his body and only his eyes were left. Once, Sharyati, along with his army and household, came to visit the place. Sukanya, daughter of king Sharyati, seeing only two bright eyes in what seemed to be an anthill, poked them with a stick. Chyavana felt excessive pain and became furious. He obstructed the calls of nature of Sharyati's army. He was pleased only after the king gave him his daughter in marriage. Subsequently, the Ashvins came to the hermitage of Chyavana. They saw Sukanya while she was bathing, and tried to convince Sukanya to reject old and ugly Chyavana and accept one of them as her husband. They also promised to restore the youth of Chyavana first so that she could make an unbiased choice amongst Chyavana and one of them. Sukanya rejected their proposal and informed Chyavana. Later, at the behest of Chyavana, Sukanya requested the Ashvins to do so. All three took bath in the lake and came out with the same youthful divine look. Each of them requested Sukanya to be his bride, but she identified Chyavana and selected him. In gratitude, Chyavana assured the Ashvins that he would ensure that the Ashvins get their share of the sacrificial offerings. Accordingly, Chyavana, while officiating as a priest of Sharyati in a soma sacrifice, offered the share of the sacrifice to the Ashvins. Indra objected to this, stating that as mere servants of the devas, so they have no right to receive offering of Soma juice. When the sage ignored his opinion, he tried to hurl his vajra (thunderbolt) towards Chyavana, but his arms were paralysed by Chyavana before he could do so. Chyavana, by virtue of his ascetic energy, created a huge asura, Mada, with four fangs. Mada was on the point of devouring Indra, when he became afraid, and finally accepted the right of the Ashvins to have a share of the offerings.

Paragraph 28: The existing specimens of Orthosuchus were found in the Lower Jurassic Red Bed Formation in South Africa in 1963. It was hypothesized that Orthosuchus lived mainly on terrestrial land, but some key factors contribute to the fact that it spent time mostly in water. The first notable evidence is on the palate, which was covered by soft tissue, not bone. The choanae are on the back of the palate and a valve was used to help close the glottis. These features help Orthosuchus keep breathing when submerging in the aquatic system. The ears are protected by earflaps, which prevent water inflow to the otic recess when this animal is in water. Modern crocodiles also have earflaps to decrease water entry. The shape of the skull, especially the snout, is similar to an Indian gharial, Gavialis gangeticus, who prey on small fish. It is possible that Orthosuchus has the same predation, by slowly moving toward schools of small fish and swallow from the side. The aquatic environment provides plenty of food for the animal, besides small fish, the animal could also feed on lake invertebrates. Orthosuchus has a small salt-secreting gland, which indicates that it is not a marine animal. And because the pubis articulates with the front region of the ischium, it is believed to be a basal animal that lived in swamps and lakes. The animal is probably quadrupedal because the fore limbs are approximately 91% the length of the hind limb, which also makes the walking on land easier. Unlike modern crocodiles, Orthosuchus does not creep on its belly; it probably walks at a high position with its femur vertical to the ground. According to Parrish, primitive crocodylomorphs did not have a crawling stance because it was more used to the terrestrial environment. However, Orthosuchus may not be a good swimmer, since it has amphicoelous vertebrae, whereas modern crocodiles have procoelous vertebrae, which increase the mobility of the tail.

Paragraph 29: During the course of a game, players gain XP (experience) by completing actions such as constructing buildings, training units, killing enemies, and collecting treasures. Whenever a certain number of experience points are gained, the player can make use of a shipment from their respective Home City. Shipments slow down as the game goes on since more XP is required with every consecutive shipment. This XP is also added directly to the home city and is collected over multiple games, allowing it to level up over time. Players can gear their cards into three different combinations: "Boom" (economic combinations), "Rush" (military combinations), or "Turtle" (defensive combinations). The first few cards chosen are automatically added to the player's portfolio, where it can be copied onto a deck for use in a game. Later in the game, cards have to be manually chosen because of the limit of cards in one deck. Most cards are available to all civilizations, but some are unique to one. If the Home City being played has more than one deck, the player must select which to use when the first shipment is sent. During a game, players keep this initial deck; this feature encourages players to build decks that are customized for the map being played on, or that counter other civilizations. The decks support twenty cards. As the Home City improves by level, you may gain an extra card slot for the decks for every 10 levels.

Paragraph 30:  Captain James Cook—Dusky Sound—1772. "For three or four days after we arrived in Pickersgill harbour, and as we were clearing the woods to set up our tents, &c. a four-footed animal was seen by three or four of our people; but as no two gave the same description of it, I cannot say of what kind it is. All, however, agreed, that it was about the size of a cat, with short legs, and of a mouse colour. One of the seamen, and he who had the best view of it, said it had a bushy tail, and was the most like a jackall of any animal he knew. The most probable conjecture is, that it is of a new species. Be this as it may, we are now certain that this country is not so destitute of quadrupeds as was once thought."Georg Forster, one of the biologists on board, doubted the observation of a quadruped in his report, A Voyage Round the World: "We were surprised to see the young black dog in the boat with them, which ran away from us [...]. Though this animal had been in the woods during a fortnight, yet it was by no means famished, but on the contrary looked well fed [...] We may from hence conclude, that as there is abundance of food for carnivorous animals in New Zealand, they would probably be very numerous if they existed there at all, especially if they were endowed with any degree of sagacity, like the fox, or cat tribes. In that case they could not have escaped the notice of our numerous parties, nor of the natives, and the latter would certainly have preserved their furs, as a valuable article of dress in their moist and raw climate, for want of which they now wear the skins of dogs and of birds. The question, whether New Zealand contained any wild quadrupeds, had engaged our attention from our first arrival there. One of our people, strongly persuaded that so great a country could not fail of possessing new and unknown animals, had already twice reported that he had seen a brown animal, something less than a jackal or little fox, about the dawn of morning, sitting on a stump of a tree near our tents, and running off at his approach. But as this circumstance has never been confirmed by any subsequent testimony, nothing is more probable than that the want of day-light had deceived him, and that he had either observed one of the numerous wood-hens, which are brown, and creep through the bushes very frequently; or that one of our cats, on the watch for little birds, had been mistaken for a new quadruped.In 1864, Captain Frederick Hutton, speculated that the animal seen at Dusky Bay was probably a dog, "as none on board had at that time seen a dog in New Zealand. The evidence of a kind of otter inhabiting the South Island rests upon some foot-prints seen by Dr. Haast".

Paragraph 31: The Ipstones family were prominent in the affairs of Staffordshire, and had held Blymhill in Cuttlestone Hundred for some time. However, they had a long history of feuding with their neighbours. John de Ipstones, the MP's grandfather, had a particularly violent reputation and had initiated many of the quarrels which still raged in the last decades of the 14th century. In 1316 he and the abbot of Lilleshall Abbey were in trouble for mobilising a large armed force to prevent the arrest of Vivian de Staundon, known to have stolen a large sum of money belonging to the king, Edward II. In 1324 he was involved in a furious dispute with the Brumpton or Brompton family. This initially centred on the church of St Editha at Church Eaton, where John Ipstones, together with a group of his friends and relatives, expelled the incumbent, Thomas de Brumpton, by force and installed his own brother, William, garrisoning the church itself and attacking the manor house, which was the home of Mary de Brumpton. In 1325 the Ipstones family mounted an armed demonstration at Stafford during a county muster, with the result that a pitched battle between the Ipstones and Brumpton forces took place in the town, "to the great terror of the King's subjects, and against the King's peace." Mass arrests followed and in the ensuing trials most of the accused admitted arming in support of their family cause, although the Brumpton side generally denied terrorising the innocent, implying their actions had been in self-defence. In 1327 the cycle of feuding began again with a robbery committed by John, William and Philip Ipstones against Thomas de Brumpton. In the same court session Isabel of Pitchford accused them and their group of murdering her husband, Richard. The Sheriff of Staffordshire, Sir John de Hynkele, claimed that four of the group were too ill for him to produce them in court but he was fined 13s. 4d. for his "frivolous and insufficient" excuse. Although later apprehended and confined to the Marshalsea, all but one were released because Isabel did not appear in court against them and the county coroners later claimed they could not find the indictments. However, in 1329 a fracas on the way home led to the deaths of Philip Prior, the remaining accused, and William de Ipstones, and a near-fatal injury to John. At this point the robbery charge too was abandoned because the indictments could not be found. Early in 1330 John de Ipstones pleaded benefit of clergy when accused of murdering Thomas de Stafford. At a court appearance later in the year, when he was found not guilty, it transpired the case had been delayed because John had, in the interim, assaulted an Oxford University student. This pattern of mayhem, intimidation and virtual impunity seems to have been repeated across the generations.

Paragraph 32: From 1886, Worthington began to acquire public houses, which provided a captive market for their product. In order to raise capital for this expansion, the firm became a public company in 1889, and Horace Brown was created joint managing director alongside William Posnette Manners (1846–1915). By this time the company had an annual output of around 200,000 barrels, and employed 470 people. By 1890, the company's bottling operations equalled those of Bass, Guinness, Allsopp and Whitbread. When William Henry Worthington (1826–1894) died he left no direct heirs and was the fourth and final generation of the family to manage Worthington & Co. Horace Brown left the company in 1894 following a dispute with co-manager William Manners. By 1900, 73 per cent of the company's equity was in the hands of William Posnette Manners, who had joined the company in 1862 as a junior clerk, and under his astute leadership Worthington acquired a reputation for the quality of its bottled pale ales. The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners' death in 1915, control of the company passed to two of his sons, Arthur (1879–1968) and Ernest. Arthur was the architect of the merger with archrival Bass in 1927, and proved to be more than a match for John Gretton, 1st Baron Gretton, the chairman of the much larger Bass. Despite Bass's superior capitalization, the terms of the merger were such that Manners became chairman and joint managing director of Worthington, and deputy chairman and joint managing director of Bass. The amalgamation, described as 'the biggest non-merger in the history of the brewing industry', failed to realize its objectives. Apart from greater co-operation in bottled beer production and distribution, there were few economies and the two companies continued to operate as separate entities. Both boards were increasingly dominated by Manners and his family.

Paragraph 33: Having returned to the club where he started his career, Dyer faced competition for a starting place from Heiðar Helguson and Danny Webber. In 2003–04 he made 18 starting league appearances, scoring three goals. His strike rate improved the following season, with 9 goals from his 21 league starts. Despite being in good form, Dyer did not score in any of his six appearances following the arrival of new manager Aidy Boothroyd, and was released by Watford in May 2005. After spending a week on trial at Stoke City, he signed for the Championship club on a one-year deal. He joined  Millwall on a two-month loan on 4 November and made his debut a day later in a 3–1 defeat against Crewe Alexandra. He scored two goals against Sheffield United, which earned Millwall a 2–2 draw, and finished his loan spell with 10 appearances. After making 12 appearances for Stoke, he was released in January and subsequently signed for Sheffield United on a contract until the end of the 2005–06 season. He scored on his debut against Reading, giving his side the lead after nine minutes, but a Dave Kitson equaliser three minutes later saw the match end in a 1–1 draw. However, he was unable to score again in a further four appearances and joined Doncaster Rovers on 2 June 2006 on a free transfer. His Doncaster debut came in a 1–0 defeat to Carlisle United on the opening day of the 2006–07 season and scored with a low 20-yard shot during his second game against Crewe, which finished as a 3–1 victory. He joined Bradford City on a month's loan on 31 January 2007 and scored eight minutes into his debut against Nottingham Forest, with the match eventually finishing in a 2–2 draw. He finished his loan spell with five appearances for the club. After returning to Doncaster, he played in seven matches for the team, finishing the season with 17 appearances.

Paragraph 34: You have asked also, dearest son, what I thought of those who obtain God's grace in sickness and weakness, whether they are to be accounted legitimate Christians, for that they are not to be washed, but sprinkled, with the saving water. In this point, my diffidence and modesty prejudges none, so as to prevent any from feeling what he thinks right, and from doing what he feels to be right. As far as my poor understanding conceives it, I think that the divine benefits can in no respect be mutilated and weakened; nor can anything less occur in that case, where, with full and entire faith both of the giver and receiver, is accepted what is drawn from the divine gifts...nor ought it to trouble any one that sick people seem to be sprinkled or affused, when they obtain the Lord's grace, when Holy Scripture speaks by the mouth of the prophet Ezekiel, and says, "Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness and from all your idols will I cleanse you. And I will give you a new heart, and a new spirit will I put within you." (Ez 36,25) Also in Numbers: "And the man that shall be unclean until the evening shall be purified on the third day, and on the seventh day shall be clean: but if he shall not be purified on the third day, on the seventh day he shall not be clean. And that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of sprinkling hath not been sprinkled upon him." (Nm 19,12-13) And again: "And the Lord spake unto Moses saying, Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them. And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: thou shall sprinkle them with the water of purification." (Nm 8,6-7) And again: "The water of sprinkling is a purification." Whence it appears that the sprinkling also of water prevails equally with the washing of salvation; and that when this is done in the Church, where the faith both of receiver and giver is sound, all things hold and may be consummated and perfected by the majesty of the Lord and by the truth of faith.

Paragraph 35: Waiyaki Wa Hinga, was the son of Kumale ole Lemotaka, a Maasai whose family had sought refuge in Muranga, most probably during the Lloikop wars. Due to his Maasai background, Kumale ole Lemotaka was given the name Hinga by the Kikuyu. This name, meaning dissembler, was given to those who lived amongst Kikuyus but spoke the Maa language, or those who had lived among Maasais before. Waiyaki Wa Hinga was the owner of a large Agikuyu fort at the frontier of Kikuyu country. Upon encountering the Imperial British East Africa Company, he was genuinely interested in establishing and cementing ties with them. We see this when Waiyaki welcomes Frederick Lugard, and gives him land so hat he can set-up a fort. However, there was a mis-understanding right from the very beginning on which position Waiyaki held in Kikuyu society. British officials understood him to be the "Paramount Chiefs of the Agikuyu". However, Kikuyus did not have paramount chiefs in their political system; Waiyaki was a Kikuyu Muthamaki (singular) out of the many influential athamakis (plural). In Kikuyu society, a muthamaki was a spokesman, the chairman of a territorial unit and leader of his age-set. Athamakis were the first or leading personalities among peers; their role was highly controlled by their fellow peers. Given this, Waiyaki Wa Hinga did not hold the most superior position amongst Kabete Kikuyus. He had no powers to make a treaty that affected the welfare of the community, nor even control the warriors, which Waiyaki tried to do a number of times when he soldiers wanted to attack the company. So when there were constant mis-understandings between the Company and the Kikuyu community at Lugard’s Fort, any retaliation by the Kikuyu community to the Company was not done so at Waiyaki’s command. In 1892, a quarrel between him and Purkiss leads to his death. This is after an expedition to punish Kikuyus of Githinguri for killing Maktubu, a worker of the Imperial British East Africa Company, fails. Purkiss is angry with Waiyaki as it was him who warned the community. Waiyaki feared his cattle would be impounded together with those of the culprits who had murdered Maktubu. A row flared between him and Purkiss. Waiyaki was then wounded in the head with his own sword, which he had drawn to attack Purkiss with. Due to this, Waiyaki is taken to Mombasa to be tried under IBEACo. Unfortunately, he never reached Mombasa: he died and was buried at Kibwezi en route to the kenyan coast. Waiyaki Way in central Nairobi is reportedly named after him.

Paragraph 36: Brachyhyops is the oldest entelodont from North America and is recorded exclusively from late Eocene (late Duchesnean – early Chadronian) age deposits.  Their geographic range is restricted to western North America and spans from Saskatchewan, Canada to as far south as Big Bend, Texas, USA.  A total of nine localities have yielded Brachyhyops material.  The Cypress Hills Formation in Saskatchewan, Canada, suggests an early Chadronian age, approximately 37 Ma, and represents the type locality for Brachyhyops viensis as well as the northernmost area in which Brachyhyops specimens have been recorded.  Apparently an undocumented Brachyhyops specimen has been recorded from the late Eocene White River Formation of Montana, however, the exact museum location where this specimen is housed remains unknown.  Three localities in Wyoming yielded Brachyhyops material and these include a partial skull roof and maxilla from the lower White River Formation (late Eocene) of the Flagstaff Rim, Wyoming.  Based on size and tooth shape, these specimens have been assigned to B. viensis.  The next locality in Wyoming is the type locality for B. wyomingensis which was recorded from the Big Sand Draw Lentil of the White River Formation at Beaver Divide, and comprises a single skull without mandibles.  The third locality yielded cranial fragments that are assigned to B. viensis and were recorded from the lower strata of the White River Formation at Canyon Creek, approximately 50 km east of Beaver Divide.  Additional Brachyhyops wyomingensis material was recorded from a single location in northeastern Utah, namely the Lapoint Member of the Duchesne River Formation, which has an age of approximately 39.74 ± 0.07 Ma based on radioisotopic dates from nearby volcanic ashes.  Two localities within New Mexico yielded Brachyhyops material and include a single molar (m1) from the lower jaw that was assigned to B. viensis and recorded within the Duchesnean interval of the Galisteo Formation in north central New Mexico, and is of late Duchesnean (38 Ma) age.  An additional specimen was recorded from the upper Baca Formation at Mariano Mesa in west central New Mexico and is also situated within the Duchesnean.  This specimen comprises a single premolar and four molars (p3 – m4) from a single right lower jaw and are assigned to B. wyomingensis based on the shape and dimensions of the teeth.  The final locality within North America is located in Trans-Pecos, Texas, USA, and contains well documented records of Brachyhyops wyomingensis from the late Duchesnean Porvenir local fauna which is situated above a volcanic ash that is radioisotopically dated to 37.8 ± 0.15 Ma.

Paragraph 37: From 1886, Worthington began to acquire public houses, which provided a captive market for their product. In order to raise capital for this expansion, the firm became a public company in 1889, and Horace Brown was created joint managing director alongside William Posnette Manners (1846–1915). By this time the company had an annual output of around 200,000 barrels, and employed 470 people. By 1890, the company's bottling operations equalled those of Bass, Guinness, Allsopp and Whitbread. When William Henry Worthington (1826–1894) died he left no direct heirs and was the fourth and final generation of the family to manage Worthington & Co. Horace Brown left the company in 1894 following a dispute with co-manager William Manners. By 1900, 73 per cent of the company's equity was in the hands of William Posnette Manners, who had joined the company in 1862 as a junior clerk, and under his astute leadership Worthington acquired a reputation for the quality of its bottled pale ales. The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners' death in 1915, control of the company passed to two of his sons, Arthur (1879–1968) and Ernest. Arthur was the architect of the merger with archrival Bass in 1927, and proved to be more than a match for John Gretton, 1st Baron Gretton, the chairman of the much larger Bass. Despite Bass's superior capitalization, the terms of the merger were such that Manners became chairman and joint managing director of Worthington, and deputy chairman and joint managing director of Bass. The amalgamation, described as 'the biggest non-merger in the history of the brewing industry', failed to realize its objectives. Apart from greater co-operation in bottled beer production and distribution, there were few economies and the two companies continued to operate as separate entities. Both boards were increasingly dominated by Manners and his family.

Paragraph 38: The game started well for the Exiles as a long ball from Daniel Holdsworth which cut 3 men out allowed Joel Monaghan to break down the right side of the field, Holdsworth backed him up and passed inside to Steve Menzies. However Menzies was about to be tackled before Scott Dureau showed up to take the ball and perform a 360 degree swivel before offloading to Brett Hodgson who darted between 3 England players to score the first try of the game. Hodgson converted his own try to put the Exiles into an early 6-0 lead. England hit back in the 22nd minute, Scott Dureau put in a grubber kick which was fielded easily by Stefan Ratchford. Ratchford was tackled on his own 10m line, Warrington Wolves star Ryan Atkins then scooted from dummy half and evaded the markers to race 90m to score England's first try of the game. Danny Brough managed to kick the goal from a tight angle to level the scores at 6-6. However the Exiles soon regained the lead when stand off Daniel Holdsworth gave an inside ball to Steve Menzies which caught the England defence out. Menzies raced 30m before drawing the fullback in and passing to the supporting Lincoln Withers who had to pass to Scott Dureau to avoid the cover defence. Dureau crossed under the sticks and captain Brett Hodgson converted to give the Exiles a 12-6 lead. England once again hit back with a move which went to the left of the field and back to the right again. Rob Burrow ran across the face of the defence and found Ratchford, he then gave an inside ball to Jon Wilkin, as Wilkin was about to be tackled he quickly offloaded to Danny Brough, Brough ran to the right, isolated the Exiles winger and found Leroy Cudjoe with a cutout pass, he drew the winger in and passed outside to Josh Charnley who raced 25m and stepped inside Brett Hodgson to score a try. This time Danny Brough could not convert the try and the Exiles held onto a 2-point lead. The Exiles extended their lead even further just before the half time hooter. A scrum gave the Exiles vital field position which allowed them to execute a sweeping move to the left of the field with Brett Hodgson delivering the final cut out ball for Joel Monaghan to score in the corner. Hodgson could not convert the difficult kick but the Exiles went into halftime 16-10 up.

Paragraph 39: You have asked also, dearest son, what I thought of those who obtain God's grace in sickness and weakness, whether they are to be accounted legitimate Christians, for that they are not to be washed, but sprinkled, with the saving water. In this point, my diffidence and modesty prejudges none, so as to prevent any from feeling what he thinks right, and from doing what he feels to be right. As far as my poor understanding conceives it, I think that the divine benefits can in no respect be mutilated and weakened; nor can anything less occur in that case, where, with full and entire faith both of the giver and receiver, is accepted what is drawn from the divine gifts...nor ought it to trouble any one that sick people seem to be sprinkled or affused, when they obtain the Lord's grace, when Holy Scripture speaks by the mouth of the prophet Ezekiel, and says, "Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean: from all your filthiness and from all your idols will I cleanse you. And I will give you a new heart, and a new spirit will I put within you." (Ez 36,25) Also in Numbers: "And the man that shall be unclean until the evening shall be purified on the third day, and on the seventh day shall be clean: but if he shall not be purified on the third day, on the seventh day he shall not be clean. And that soul shall be cut off from Israel: because the water of sprinkling hath not been sprinkled upon him." (Nm 19,12-13) And again: "And the Lord spake unto Moses saying, Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and cleanse them. And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: thou shall sprinkle them with the water of purification." (Nm 8,6-7) And again: "The water of sprinkling is a purification." Whence it appears that the sprinkling also of water prevails equally with the washing of salvation; and that when this is done in the Church, where the faith both of receiver and giver is sound, all things hold and may be consummated and perfected by the majesty of the Lord and by the truth of faith.

Paragraph 40: The 2nd Marines were reactivated in February 1941 in San Diego, California.  This time the regiment was part of the newly formed 2nd Marine Division. The regiment, with the acting division commander and headquarters embarked in  and remaining elements embarked aboard  , ,  and , was placed on twenty-four hours alert for sailing effective 24 June with ultimate destination Guadalcanal. The ships sailed combat-loaded and ready for landing operations on arrival from San Diego on 1 July to the South Pacific in July 1942, to reinforce the 1st Marine Division during the Battle of Guadalcanal in 1942–43. On 7 August 1942 and in support of assaults onto Tulagi Island plus the islets of Gavutu and Tanambogo, the 1st Battalion, 2nd Marines landed in two locations onto Florida Island. Finding no Japanese troops, 1st Battalion, 2nd Marines shifted during day to support the 1st Marine Parachute Battalion on Gavutu and Tanambogo.  Gavutu and Tanambogo connected to each other via a causeway.  An attempted landing by Co. B, 2nd Marines onto the north coast of Tanambogo was unsuccessful.  On 8 August 1942, Third Battalion, 2nd Marines plus two tanks of Co. C, 2nd Marine Tank Battalion were landed onto southeast Tanambogo.  After hard fighting, Tanambogo secured by nightfall. Gavutu Island also secured on 8 August 1942.  Other elements of 2nd Marines secure islets of Makambo, Mbangai and Kokomtambu (all near Tulagi Island) over 7 and 8 August 1942.  On 9 August 1942, 2nd Marines headquarters plus attached companies of 2nd Amphibian Tractor Battalion, 2nd Service Battalion and portion of 3rd Battalion, 11th Marines (an artillery unit) taken by retiring naval forces to Espiritu Santo.  Via cargo ship USS Alhena, headquarters of 2nd Marines, including Col. J. M. Arthur, landed on Tulagi during 22 August 1942.  2nd Marines later moved to Guadalcanal with elements of 2nd Marines engaged in combat on Guadalcanal from 7 October 1942.