Paragraph 1: The town has two churches, one dedicated to Saint John the Apostle and the other dedicated to Saint Paul.  When the Spanish arrived in the 1520s, nothing rivaled pre-Hispanic Mitla as a religious center in the Oaxaca Valley. In 1544, the church of San Pablo was established on part of the ruins of the old Zapotec religious complex.  The church sits on a pre-Hispanic platform which now functions as the atrium. Access to the church is through a portal decorated with pyramid-shaped crests and a niche. The church is 39 meters long and twelve wide, with three naves enclosed by lanterned octagonal domes.  The vaults were constructed later, perhaps in the 19th century. The squared apse is closed with a circular dome and cupola is not as high as the nave and is likely from the 16th century. Behind it is a larger octagonal dome that encloses the sanctuary, with one other dome enclosing the choir.  The wall of the south atrium was originally part of a pre-Hispanic structure and still contains the mosaic fretwork which defines the Zapotec site. The interior of the church is notable for a large number of 16th-century and other colonial-era santos (statues of the saints), many of them done in well-preserved polychrome.

Paragraph 2: "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge" features several references to popular culture. The title is a reference to It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. In the episode, Otto meets Becky at Woodstock 1999, where he is on fire and the fire itself is put out by the water in her water bottle. This was a reference to a controversy about the high cost of water at the festival, and Otto being on fire references the large number of fires that occurred. Otto holds up a boombox and blares Poison's "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" whilst proposing to Becky. When Otto plays air guitar, it is completely accurate fingering: John Achenbach, a storyboard artist on the show, is an accomplished guitarist and provided demonstrations for the animators. The episode itself is a loose parody of the 1992 thriller film The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, when Marge's sister Selma mentions that "Marge finds herself in similar situation -- attractive guest tries to steal her place in the family". Becky's name is a reference to the film's main antagonist played by Rebecca De Mornay. When Krusty interviews Marge, it is a television static image of her face with an impersonator's lips in place of hers; this was an homage to a recurring skit from the show Late Night with Conan O'Brien in which Robert Smigel's lips would be placed on those of Bill Clinton or other famous people. The idea was created by Brent Forrester, a former writer for  The Simpsons who in the early days of Late Night sent the joke to Conan O'Brien, also a former writer for The Simpsons. Patty and Selma's line "the bitterness is strong in this one," is a reference to Darth Vader's line "the Force is strong in this one" from the 1977 film Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.

Paragraph 3: Duncan was born in the Windrock coal-mining camp overlooking the town of Oliver Springs, Tennessee, United States.  In his teens he moved to Texas where he learned guitar and mandolin, and played in a hillbilly trio.  He served in the US Air Force, and in 1952 was garrisoned in Cambridgeshire, England, where he met and married a local girl, Betty, in 1953. When performing for American servicemen at Bushey, Hertfordshire, in 1956, he was seen by Dickie Bishop, banjoist in Chris Barber's Dixieland jazz band. Barber was looking for a new vocalist to replace Lonnie Donegan, who had started a solo career, and Duncan took over the role for several months before leaving Barber's band in early 1957.

Paragraph 4: Properzia de' Rossi was born in Bologna; she was the daughter of a notary named Giovanni Martino Rossi da Modena. Unusually for early modern female artists, she was not the daughter of an artist. She appears to have studied painting, music, dance, poetry, and classical literature. She is also said to have studied with a sculptor at the University of Bologna. Vasari stated she was expert in "household matters" as well as many sciences and played and sang "better than any other woman of her city". Undecided in her youth as to which outlet of self-expression she wanted to pursue, she found her direction when she tried her hand at sculpture, creating small but intricately detailed works of art on apricot, peach, and cherry stones according to some sources, though this may have been a fabrication by Vasari meant to explain how a woman came to know how to sculpt. The subject of these small "friezes" was often religious, with one of the most famous being a Passion of Christ with Apostles and Crucifixion in a peach stone. This has been identified as part of a necklace in the Palazzo Bonamini-Pepoli, Pesaro. Further examples are in the Uffizi and Museo Civico, Bologna. Vasari also noted she copied in pen and ink drawings by Raphael. Vasari described her as married.

Paragraph 5: After The Virginian ended in 1971, McClure was slated to co-star with Bette Davis on a series about a parolee assisting a judge, played by Davis, by doing detective work. The pilot, produced and written by the team of Richard Levinson and William Link, failed to generate interest in the series and was released as a TV movie titled The Judge and Jake Wyler. McClure made another attempt at a television series during the 1972–1973 season by co-starring on SEARCH as a hi-tech investigator, rotating with Anthony Franciosa and Hugh O'Brian, and again in 1975–1976 in The Barbary Coast, co-starring William Shatner (with whom he'd starred in The Virginian episode "The Claim"). He shifted to low-budget science-fiction movies such as At the Earth's Core, The Land That Time Forgot, and The People That Time Forgot, all three based on the novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs. In 1967, he played the Errol Flynn role in a remake of Against All Flags titled The King's Pirate. He was cast in the lead in three adventures: The Longest Hundred Miles, The Birdmen, and State of Division (also known as Death Race). In 1978, he also starred in Warlords of Atlantis. In the 1970s and 1980s, McClure appeared in commercials for Hamms Beer. McClure also appeared as the blonde slave to Jamie Farr's character in the sequel Cannonball Run II (1984).

Paragraph 6: Van Seters's Abraham in History and Tradition (1975)  argues that no convincing evidence exists to support the historical existence of Abraham and the other Biblical Patriarchs or the historical reliability of their origins in Mesopotamia and their exploits and travels as depicted in the book of Genesis. This book attempts to undermine both the Biblical archaeology school of William F. Albright, who had argued over the previous fifty years that the archaeological record confirmed the essential truth of the history contained in Genesis, and the "tradition history" school of Albrecht Alt and Martin Noth, which argued that Genesis contained a core of valid social pre-history of the Israelites passed down through oral tradition prior to the composition of the written book itself. In the second part of the book, Van Seters went on to put forward his own theory on the origins of the Pentateuch (the first five books of the bible: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy), arguing, with Martin Noth, that Deuteronomy was the original beginning of a history that extended from Deuteronomy to the end of 2 Kings. However, against Noth and others, he held that the so-called Yahwist, the oldest literary source in Genesis, Exodus and Numbers, was written in the 6th century BCE as a prologue to the older Deuteronomistic History, and that the so-called Priestly Writer of the Pentateuch was a later supplement to this history. This approach represented a revival of the "supplementary hypothesis" of a previous era of Pentateuchal studies. This literary hypothesis was expanded and defended in several of Van Seters’ later works. Along with similar revisionist works by Hans Heinrich Schmid of Zurich and Rolf Rendtorff of Heidelberg, published in 1976 and 1977, this led to a major reevaluation in Pentateuchal criticism. Abraham in History and Tradition, alongside The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives of Thomas L. Thompson, created a paradigm shift in biblical scholarship and archaeology, which gradually led scholars to no longer consider the patriarchal narratives as historical.

Paragraph 7: In 1916, Selig sued George Fabyan on the grounds that profits from forthcoming films of Shakespeare's works, along with a film on "The Life of Shakespeare", would be damaged by Fabyan's assertion that Francis Bacon was the real author of Shakespeare's work, a popular claim at the time. He had already obtained an injunction stopping the publication of a book by Fabyan on the subject, in which Fabyan promoted the discovery of ciphers in Shakespeare's plays, identified in his private laboratory Fabyan Villa. Selig was hoping to capitalize on the celebrations organized for the upcoming 300th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, scheduled for April 1916. A Cook County Circuit Court judge, Richard Tuthill, found against Shakespeare. He determined that the ciphers identified by Fabyan's analyst Elizabeth Wells Gallup were authentic and that Francis Bacon was therefore the author of the works. Damages of $5,000 were awarded to Fabyan for the interference with the publication of the book. In the ensuing uproar, Tuthill rescinded his decision, and another judge, Judge Frederick A. Smith, dismissed the ruling. It was later suggested by the press that the case was concocted by both parties for publicity, since Selig and Fabyan were known to be old friends. An official of the Selig Company was quoted as saying, about the initial loss of the case, "Isn't that sad.  That will be about nine million columns of publicity, won't it?"

Paragraph 8: Fifteen formed in 1988 during the tail end of the Crimpshrine tour while Ott and Curran were writing songs together. After Crimpshrine broke up, Fifteen embarked on their first tour, in the summer of 1989. During this time, Jean Repetto played drums. Although the band drove across the country, they only played a handful of shows on this first tour. Upon returning from tour, Mike Goshert took over drums. Fifteen recorded their debut EP in April 1990 for Lookout! Records. Fifteen went on a more substantial tour in the summer of 1990 with Filth and Econochrist. Mark Moreno took over on drums and they recorded their first full-length album, Swain's First Bike Ride, in December 1990. In 1991, Rich "Lucky Dog" Gargano joined the band on bass. Curran switched over to second guitar briefly, before leaving the band in 1992. In summer of 1992, the band toured the US and Canada, and recorded their second album, The Choice of a New Generation. Afterwards, Lucky Dog and Mark Moreno left the band and Curran returned, joined by Jesse Wickman on drums. The band released their second EP and third album with Chris Flanagan on drums, and went on three more US tours before their first and only European tour in fall of 1994. Afterwards, Curran left for good. 

Paragraph 9: On 19 July 1918, she attended the rescue operations of , arriving late on the scene after an alleged massacre she picked up five survivors, including the captain, but one of them, the engineer officer died on deck immediately after being taken out of the water. The German captain, despite the ordeal he had come through, proved himself to be a very self-possessed individual when examined in the chart room. He expressed the opinion that Germany would shortly win the war, but he was a long way out in his calculation, as Germany was defeated six weeks later. Some of his sailors had not the same guts, but had got on their knees and begged for their lives on seeing officers of the `Bonetta' carrying arms. Webley & Scott automatic pistols hanging round their necks by lanyards were always put on when 'action' was sounded. The Bonetta's duties around that time had included picking up many, badly wounded, survivors, and dead, from fishing boats, which had been shelled by a German submarine, off the entrance to the Tyne. Perhaps unsurprisingly the crew of the Bonetta were not made aware of any massacre. The first lieutenant on board was to relate "A few weeks later we entered the Tyne for bunkers, which we obtained from a collier lying at Jarrow. Shortly after securing alongside the collier, a fishing vessel the 'Baden Powell' came alongside and her skipper invited the crew to help themselves to his catch, Apparently he was one of the survivors we had picked up and, on recognising our boat as we passed the fish market at North Shields, he had cast off the fish quay and come after us. On another occasion... we were ordered out to search for several German prisoners, who had succeeded in escaping from Stobo camp, near Peebles in South Scotland and had set off for Germany in a fishing boat, which they had taken from the beach, somewhere North of Blyth. We came across them about one hundred miles off the home coast at dusk, sailing along with a nice fair wind. If we had been a few minutes later they would probably have been quite safe as it would have been too dark for us to have spotted them. Needless to relate they were very disappointed when we 'closed them' and they did not show any eagerness to come on board when they were ordered to do so, but after firing a few rifle shots over their heads, they hastily scrambled on board, one of them injuring his leg in the process". She was sold for scrap to Thos. W. Ward on 7 June 1920 and broken up at their Briton Ferry shipbreaking yard.

Paragraph 10: The skull of Peloroplites has an estimated length of 56 cm and a maximum width of 35.5 cm between the dorsal orbital rims, which is about the same width as Sauropelta. The snout tapers towards the front and ends at a relatively broad premaxillary beak, as compared to Silvisaurus. The premaxillae are fused along their mid-line and are dorsoventrally thick, unlike Gastonia whereas they are thin. Although the side of the left premaxilla is damaged, the width of the premaxillary beak is estimated to be 18 cm. The upper side of the premaxillae is rugose for the keratinous beak and arched in front view. In addition, the beak has a broad, inverted U-shaped notch. A groove is present near the lower margins of the beak in front view and continues to the palatal side, defining the side edge of the tomial ridge. Both the prefrontals and lachrymals are fused and the presence of the lachrymals is inferred from the lachrymal foramen seen within the front orbital wall. Both sets of prefrontal-lachrymals are triangular in upper and side view and have rugose sculpturing external surfaces that are composed of irregular pits which is especially prominent over the orbits. The front of the orbit has a faint, shallow groove which extends onto the upper surface of the prefrontal and probably outline the margins between adjoining keratinous scales, a feature also similarly seen in other nodosaurids such as Edmontonia. The prefrontal-lachrymals are divided by the front orbital wall towards the middle, which separates the orbit from the nasal cavity. The orbit has a concave upper surface. The postorbital, squamosal, jugal, quadratojugal, and quadrate are coossified on both sides of the skull. The postorbital horncores are conical structures that are very low that project dorsolaterally, which are much less prominent than those of Pawpawsaurus, Sauropelta and Gastonia. The jugal-quadratojugal horncores appear as low, localized thickening of bone as they are not prominent on the skull unlike Gastonia and Animantarx. The jugal probably composes the ventral rim of the orbit and forms a medial-lateral narrow floor to the orbit. As in other dinosaurs, the posterior rim of the orbit is composed of the postorbital and jugal. The orbit is widely separated from the lateral temporal fenestra on the sides of the skull, as in Edmontonia and Pawpawsaurus. The squamosal is fused to the head of the quadrate and the quadrates are slightly bowed towards the front. The frontoparietal region is slightly domed and is moderately arched towards the sides in posterior view. The paroccipital process faces obliquely downwards, similar to Edmontonia and Animantarx. As in other nodosaurids, the supraoccipital crest is weakly developed. The proatlas has a facet that is seen on the right side, although it is partially damaged. The exoccipital is also damaged on the left side while the exoccipital-basioccipital suture of the right side is fused. The occipital condyle has the typical shape of nodosaurids, and the condyle neck has an upper surface that is slightly concave. The basioccipital-basisphenoid suture is fused on the underside and the basioccipital is twice as long as the basisphenoid. The posterior pterygoid plate is present anterior to the parasphenoid and is concave as in Edmontonia. A tooth from a maxillary fragment is similar to some teeth referred to Priconodon and has an extensive wear facet that extends the entire face of the crown as seen in ankylosaurids. 

Paragraph 11: "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge" features several references to popular culture. The title is a reference to It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World. In the episode, Otto meets Becky at Woodstock 1999, where he is on fire and the fire itself is put out by the water in her water bottle. This was a reference to a controversy about the high cost of water at the festival, and Otto being on fire references the large number of fires that occurred. Otto holds up a boombox and blares Poison's "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" whilst proposing to Becky. When Otto plays air guitar, it is completely accurate fingering: John Achenbach, a storyboard artist on the show, is an accomplished guitarist and provided demonstrations for the animators. The episode itself is a loose parody of the 1992 thriller film The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, when Marge's sister Selma mentions that "Marge finds herself in similar situation -- attractive guest tries to steal her place in the family". Becky's name is a reference to the film's main antagonist played by Rebecca De Mornay. When Krusty interviews Marge, it is a television static image of her face with an impersonator's lips in place of hers; this was an homage to a recurring skit from the show Late Night with Conan O'Brien in which Robert Smigel's lips would be placed on those of Bill Clinton or other famous people. The idea was created by Brent Forrester, a former writer for  The Simpsons who in the early days of Late Night sent the joke to Conan O'Brien, also a former writer for The Simpsons. Patty and Selma's line "the bitterness is strong in this one," is a reference to Darth Vader's line "the Force is strong in this one" from the 1977 film Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.

Paragraph 12: Fifteen formed in 1988 during the tail end of the Crimpshrine tour while Ott and Curran were writing songs together. After Crimpshrine broke up, Fifteen embarked on their first tour, in the summer of 1989. During this time, Jean Repetto played drums. Although the band drove across the country, they only played a handful of shows on this first tour. Upon returning from tour, Mike Goshert took over drums. Fifteen recorded their debut EP in April 1990 for Lookout! Records. Fifteen went on a more substantial tour in the summer of 1990 with Filth and Econochrist. Mark Moreno took over on drums and they recorded their first full-length album, Swain's First Bike Ride, in December 1990. In 1991, Rich "Lucky Dog" Gargano joined the band on bass. Curran switched over to second guitar briefly, before leaving the band in 1992. In summer of 1992, the band toured the US and Canada, and recorded their second album, The Choice of a New Generation. Afterwards, Lucky Dog and Mark Moreno left the band and Curran returned, joined by Jesse Wickman on drums. The band released their second EP and third album with Chris Flanagan on drums, and went on three more US tours before their first and only European tour in fall of 1994. Afterwards, Curran left for good. 

Paragraph 13: Several months later in May 1646, while the Lamonts were home at castles of Toward and Ascog, they were besieged by Campbell forces seeking revenge. By 1 June 1646 the Campbells brought cannon forward to shell the Lamont strongholds. Two days later Sir James Lamont, in a written agreement of quarter and liberty for himself and his followers, surrendered and persuaded the other garrison at Ascog Castle to likewise lay down arms and surrender to the Campbells. Although the Campbells had agreed to the Lamonts terms of surrender, they immediately took the surrendered garrisons to Dunoon by boat. The Lamont strongholds were then looted and burnt to the ground. Sir James and his closest kin were shipped to Inveraray Castle, although he was held in the dungeons of Dunstaffnage Castle for the next five years. At Inverary, Sir James was forced to sign over all of the Lamont lands to Clan Campbell. In the churchyard at Dunoon, about a hundred Lamonts were sentenced to death and executed. Thirty-six of the clan's high-ranking gentlemen were hanged from a tree in the churchyard, cut down and then buried either dead or alive in a common grave. After languishing in captivity for years, Sir James Lamont was brought to Stirling Castle in 1651 to answer for his actions with Alasdair MacColla for their devastations in Argyll. Lamont was eventually spared trial though, when King Charles II led his ill-fated Scots forces into England to be later defeated at the Battle of Worcester. Lamont was finally released when the forces of Oliver Cromwell took Stirling. Cromwell's triumph also invalidated the "contract" that Sir James was forced to sign in captivity, and Clan Lamont regained its lands. It has been reputed that the total damage inflicted by the Campbells upon the Lamont estates was in excess of £600,000 Scots (£50,000 sterling). Argyll himself was able to recover £2,900 Scots (almost £245 sterling) for the entertainment and lodging of the Lamont chief while in captivity.

Paragraph 14: After The Virginian ended in 1971, McClure was slated to co-star with Bette Davis on a series about a parolee assisting a judge, played by Davis, by doing detective work. The pilot, produced and written by the team of Richard Levinson and William Link, failed to generate interest in the series and was released as a TV movie titled The Judge and Jake Wyler. McClure made another attempt at a television series during the 1972–1973 season by co-starring on SEARCH as a hi-tech investigator, rotating with Anthony Franciosa and Hugh O'Brian, and again in 1975–1976 in The Barbary Coast, co-starring William Shatner (with whom he'd starred in The Virginian episode "The Claim"). He shifted to low-budget science-fiction movies such as At the Earth's Core, The Land That Time Forgot, and The People That Time Forgot, all three based on the novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs. In 1967, he played the Errol Flynn role in a remake of Against All Flags titled The King's Pirate. He was cast in the lead in three adventures: The Longest Hundred Miles, The Birdmen, and State of Division (also known as Death Race). In 1978, he also starred in Warlords of Atlantis. In the 1970s and 1980s, McClure appeared in commercials for Hamms Beer. McClure also appeared as the blonde slave to Jamie Farr's character in the sequel Cannonball Run II (1984).

Paragraph 15: Duncan was born in the Windrock coal-mining camp overlooking the town of Oliver Springs, Tennessee, United States.  In his teens he moved to Texas where he learned guitar and mandolin, and played in a hillbilly trio.  He served in the US Air Force, and in 1952 was garrisoned in Cambridgeshire, England, where he met and married a local girl, Betty, in 1953. When performing for American servicemen at Bushey, Hertfordshire, in 1956, he was seen by Dickie Bishop, banjoist in Chris Barber's Dixieland jazz band. Barber was looking for a new vocalist to replace Lonnie Donegan, who had started a solo career, and Duncan took over the role for several months before leaving Barber's band in early 1957.

Paragraph 16: Duncan was born in the Windrock coal-mining camp overlooking the town of Oliver Springs, Tennessee, United States.  In his teens he moved to Texas where he learned guitar and mandolin, and played in a hillbilly trio.  He served in the US Air Force, and in 1952 was garrisoned in Cambridgeshire, England, where he met and married a local girl, Betty, in 1953. When performing for American servicemen at Bushey, Hertfordshire, in 1956, he was seen by Dickie Bishop, banjoist in Chris Barber's Dixieland jazz band. Barber was looking for a new vocalist to replace Lonnie Donegan, who had started a solo career, and Duncan took over the role for several months before leaving Barber's band in early 1957.

Paragraph 17: Fifteen formed in 1988 during the tail end of the Crimpshrine tour while Ott and Curran were writing songs together. After Crimpshrine broke up, Fifteen embarked on their first tour, in the summer of 1989. During this time, Jean Repetto played drums. Although the band drove across the country, they only played a handful of shows on this first tour. Upon returning from tour, Mike Goshert took over drums. Fifteen recorded their debut EP in April 1990 for Lookout! Records. Fifteen went on a more substantial tour in the summer of 1990 with Filth and Econochrist. Mark Moreno took over on drums and they recorded their first full-length album, Swain's First Bike Ride, in December 1990. In 1991, Rich "Lucky Dog" Gargano joined the band on bass. Curran switched over to second guitar briefly, before leaving the band in 1992. In summer of 1992, the band toured the US and Canada, and recorded their second album, The Choice of a New Generation. Afterwards, Lucky Dog and Mark Moreno left the band and Curran returned, joined by Jesse Wickman on drums. The band released their second EP and third album with Chris Flanagan on drums, and went on three more US tours before their first and only European tour in fall of 1994. Afterwards, Curran left for good. 

Paragraph 18: After The Virginian ended in 1971, McClure was slated to co-star with Bette Davis on a series about a parolee assisting a judge, played by Davis, by doing detective work. The pilot, produced and written by the team of Richard Levinson and William Link, failed to generate interest in the series and was released as a TV movie titled The Judge and Jake Wyler. McClure made another attempt at a television series during the 1972–1973 season by co-starring on SEARCH as a hi-tech investigator, rotating with Anthony Franciosa and Hugh O'Brian, and again in 1975–1976 in The Barbary Coast, co-starring William Shatner (with whom he'd starred in The Virginian episode "The Claim"). He shifted to low-budget science-fiction movies such as At the Earth's Core, The Land That Time Forgot, and The People That Time Forgot, all three based on the novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs. In 1967, he played the Errol Flynn role in a remake of Against All Flags titled The King's Pirate. He was cast in the lead in three adventures: The Longest Hundred Miles, The Birdmen, and State of Division (also known as Death Race). In 1978, he also starred in Warlords of Atlantis. In the 1970s and 1980s, McClure appeared in commercials for Hamms Beer. McClure also appeared as the blonde slave to Jamie Farr's character in the sequel Cannonball Run II (1984).

Paragraph 19: In 2004 began with a loss for Ca$h in a four-way tables and ladders match at the Street Fight 2K4 show, which was won by Sabian, and in which Joker and Ruckus also participated. After the match, Sabian and Ruckus attacked Ca$h and Joker, setting up a tag team match for the next show. Ca$h and Joker lost the match after Joker turned on Ca$h and attacked him until Jimmy Jacobs and Dutt saved him. This resulted in a six-man tag team elimination tables match at Overdrive in March, which Ruckus, Joker and Sabian won after eliminating all the members of the other team, Ca$h, Jacobs and Dutt. Ca$h continued competing for CZW during the summer, alternately teaming with or facing GQ. He also competed in the Best of the Best IV tournament, but was eliminated in the first round. At Tournament of Death Ca$h competed in his first deathmatch, losing to JC Bailey. In September, Ca$h won a match allowing him to pick the members of a team for Cage of Death VI. This was followed by CZW owner John Zandig that Ca$h would be the captain of one of the team in the Cage of Death match, and Ca$h chose Bailey as his first team member. At the following show, Breaking Point: Let the Kaos Begin, Ca$h and Bailey won a CZW World Tag Team Championship match against The Blackout after winning a tag team gauntlet match. They originally won the match, but the decision was reversed once it was determined that Ca$h, who had made the pin, was not the legal man. At Cage of Death VI, Team Ca$h, consisting of Ca$h, Bailey, Nate Webb, and SeXXXy Eddy, defeated Team Blackout, which consisted of Ruckus, Sabian, Eddie Kingston, and Jack Evans, to win CZW World Tag Team Championship. The match contained a number of spots which were later described as "the psychotic daredevil spots for which Cash was known throughout his all-too-short career", including a spot where Ca$h performed his finishing move on Sabian off of the scaffolding surrounding the cage through four tables to land in the second row of the audience.

Paragraph 20: The town has two churches, one dedicated to Saint John the Apostle and the other dedicated to Saint Paul.  When the Spanish arrived in the 1520s, nothing rivaled pre-Hispanic Mitla as a religious center in the Oaxaca Valley. In 1544, the church of San Pablo was established on part of the ruins of the old Zapotec religious complex.  The church sits on a pre-Hispanic platform which now functions as the atrium. Access to the church is through a portal decorated with pyramid-shaped crests and a niche. The church is 39 meters long and twelve wide, with three naves enclosed by lanterned octagonal domes.  The vaults were constructed later, perhaps in the 19th century. The squared apse is closed with a circular dome and cupola is not as high as the nave and is likely from the 16th century. Behind it is a larger octagonal dome that encloses the sanctuary, with one other dome enclosing the choir.  The wall of the south atrium was originally part of a pre-Hispanic structure and still contains the mosaic fretwork which defines the Zapotec site. The interior of the church is notable for a large number of 16th-century and other colonial-era santos (statues of the saints), many of them done in well-preserved polychrome.

Paragraph 21: In 2004 began with a loss for Ca$h in a four-way tables and ladders match at the Street Fight 2K4 show, which was won by Sabian, and in which Joker and Ruckus also participated. After the match, Sabian and Ruckus attacked Ca$h and Joker, setting up a tag team match for the next show. Ca$h and Joker lost the match after Joker turned on Ca$h and attacked him until Jimmy Jacobs and Dutt saved him. This resulted in a six-man tag team elimination tables match at Overdrive in March, which Ruckus, Joker and Sabian won after eliminating all the members of the other team, Ca$h, Jacobs and Dutt. Ca$h continued competing for CZW during the summer, alternately teaming with or facing GQ. He also competed in the Best of the Best IV tournament, but was eliminated in the first round. At Tournament of Death Ca$h competed in his first deathmatch, losing to JC Bailey. In September, Ca$h won a match allowing him to pick the members of a team for Cage of Death VI. This was followed by CZW owner John Zandig that Ca$h would be the captain of one of the team in the Cage of Death match, and Ca$h chose Bailey as his first team member. At the following show, Breaking Point: Let the Kaos Begin, Ca$h and Bailey won a CZW World Tag Team Championship match against The Blackout after winning a tag team gauntlet match. They originally won the match, but the decision was reversed once it was determined that Ca$h, who had made the pin, was not the legal man. At Cage of Death VI, Team Ca$h, consisting of Ca$h, Bailey, Nate Webb, and SeXXXy Eddy, defeated Team Blackout, which consisted of Ruckus, Sabian, Eddie Kingston, and Jack Evans, to win CZW World Tag Team Championship. The match contained a number of spots which were later described as "the psychotic daredevil spots for which Cash was known throughout his all-too-short career", including a spot where Ca$h performed his finishing move on Sabian off of the scaffolding surrounding the cage through four tables to land in the second row of the audience.

Paragraph 22: The town has two churches, one dedicated to Saint John the Apostle and the other dedicated to Saint Paul.  When the Spanish arrived in the 1520s, nothing rivaled pre-Hispanic Mitla as a religious center in the Oaxaca Valley. In 1544, the church of San Pablo was established on part of the ruins of the old Zapotec religious complex.  The church sits on a pre-Hispanic platform which now functions as the atrium. Access to the church is through a portal decorated with pyramid-shaped crests and a niche. The church is 39 meters long and twelve wide, with three naves enclosed by lanterned octagonal domes.  The vaults were constructed later, perhaps in the 19th century. The squared apse is closed with a circular dome and cupola is not as high as the nave and is likely from the 16th century. Behind it is a larger octagonal dome that encloses the sanctuary, with one other dome enclosing the choir.  The wall of the south atrium was originally part of a pre-Hispanic structure and still contains the mosaic fretwork which defines the Zapotec site. The interior of the church is notable for a large number of 16th-century and other colonial-era santos (statues of the saints), many of them done in well-preserved polychrome.

Paragraph 23: Mr. D's Seafood and Hamburgers opened in 1969 after entrepreneur, owner of Danner Foods and  KFC franchisee Raymond L. Danner Sr. was unable to expand the territory of his Shoney's Big Boy Restaurants franchise. The franchise was limited to 11 states in the Southeast. In 1971, Danner and his Shoney's co-founder Alex Schoenbaum completed a merger between Shoney's and Danner Foods and named their new company Shoney’s Big Boy Enterprises. In 1975, Danner was president of the company, which announced the renaming of Mr. D's Seafood and Hamburgers as "Captain D's" and the launch of a national franchising program. By this time, Captain D's menu was edited to focus on seafood and side dishes, and the chain had expanded to 32 locations that earned more than $10 million annually. In 1976, Captain D's was held by the rebranded Shoney's Inc., after Danner and Schoenbaum sold the Big Boy trademark to Marriott Corporation.

Paragraph 24: Mr. D's Seafood and Hamburgers opened in 1969 after entrepreneur, owner of Danner Foods and  KFC franchisee Raymond L. Danner Sr. was unable to expand the territory of his Shoney's Big Boy Restaurants franchise. The franchise was limited to 11 states in the Southeast. In 1971, Danner and his Shoney's co-founder Alex Schoenbaum completed a merger between Shoney's and Danner Foods and named their new company Shoney’s Big Boy Enterprises. In 1975, Danner was president of the company, which announced the renaming of Mr. D's Seafood and Hamburgers as "Captain D's" and the launch of a national franchising program. By this time, Captain D's menu was edited to focus on seafood and side dishes, and the chain had expanded to 32 locations that earned more than $10 million annually. In 1976, Captain D's was held by the rebranded Shoney's Inc., after Danner and Schoenbaum sold the Big Boy trademark to Marriott Corporation.

Paragraph 25: Van Seters's Abraham in History and Tradition (1975)  argues that no convincing evidence exists to support the historical existence of Abraham and the other Biblical Patriarchs or the historical reliability of their origins in Mesopotamia and their exploits and travels as depicted in the book of Genesis. This book attempts to undermine both the Biblical archaeology school of William F. Albright, who had argued over the previous fifty years that the archaeological record confirmed the essential truth of the history contained in Genesis, and the "tradition history" school of Albrecht Alt and Martin Noth, which argued that Genesis contained a core of valid social pre-history of the Israelites passed down through oral tradition prior to the composition of the written book itself. In the second part of the book, Van Seters went on to put forward his own theory on the origins of the Pentateuch (the first five books of the bible: Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy), arguing, with Martin Noth, that Deuteronomy was the original beginning of a history that extended from Deuteronomy to the end of 2 Kings. However, against Noth and others, he held that the so-called Yahwist, the oldest literary source in Genesis, Exodus and Numbers, was written in the 6th century BCE as a prologue to the older Deuteronomistic History, and that the so-called Priestly Writer of the Pentateuch was a later supplement to this history. This approach represented a revival of the "supplementary hypothesis" of a previous era of Pentateuchal studies. This literary hypothesis was expanded and defended in several of Van Seters’ later works. Along with similar revisionist works by Hans Heinrich Schmid of Zurich and Rolf Rendtorff of Heidelberg, published in 1976 and 1977, this led to a major reevaluation in Pentateuchal criticism. Abraham in History and Tradition, alongside The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives of Thomas L. Thompson, created a paradigm shift in biblical scholarship and archaeology, which gradually led scholars to no longer consider the patriarchal narratives as historical.

Paragraph 26: In 2004 began with a loss for Ca$h in a four-way tables and ladders match at the Street Fight 2K4 show, which was won by Sabian, and in which Joker and Ruckus also participated. After the match, Sabian and Ruckus attacked Ca$h and Joker, setting up a tag team match for the next show. Ca$h and Joker lost the match after Joker turned on Ca$h and attacked him until Jimmy Jacobs and Dutt saved him. This resulted in a six-man tag team elimination tables match at Overdrive in March, which Ruckus, Joker and Sabian won after eliminating all the members of the other team, Ca$h, Jacobs and Dutt. Ca$h continued competing for CZW during the summer, alternately teaming with or facing GQ. He also competed in the Best of the Best IV tournament, but was eliminated in the first round. At Tournament of Death Ca$h competed in his first deathmatch, losing to JC Bailey. In September, Ca$h won a match allowing him to pick the members of a team for Cage of Death VI. This was followed by CZW owner John Zandig that Ca$h would be the captain of one of the team in the Cage of Death match, and Ca$h chose Bailey as his first team member. At the following show, Breaking Point: Let the Kaos Begin, Ca$h and Bailey won a CZW World Tag Team Championship match against The Blackout after winning a tag team gauntlet match. They originally won the match, but the decision was reversed once it was determined that Ca$h, who had made the pin, was not the legal man. At Cage of Death VI, Team Ca$h, consisting of Ca$h, Bailey, Nate Webb, and SeXXXy Eddy, defeated Team Blackout, which consisted of Ruckus, Sabian, Eddie Kingston, and Jack Evans, to win CZW World Tag Team Championship. The match contained a number of spots which were later described as "the psychotic daredevil spots for which Cash was known throughout his all-too-short career", including a spot where Ca$h performed his finishing move on Sabian off of the scaffolding surrounding the cage through four tables to land in the second row of the audience.

Paragraph 27: In 1916, Selig sued George Fabyan on the grounds that profits from forthcoming films of Shakespeare's works, along with a film on "The Life of Shakespeare", would be damaged by Fabyan's assertion that Francis Bacon was the real author of Shakespeare's work, a popular claim at the time. He had already obtained an injunction stopping the publication of a book by Fabyan on the subject, in which Fabyan promoted the discovery of ciphers in Shakespeare's plays, identified in his private laboratory Fabyan Villa. Selig was hoping to capitalize on the celebrations organized for the upcoming 300th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, scheduled for April 1916. A Cook County Circuit Court judge, Richard Tuthill, found against Shakespeare. He determined that the ciphers identified by Fabyan's analyst Elizabeth Wells Gallup were authentic and that Francis Bacon was therefore the author of the works. Damages of $5,000 were awarded to Fabyan for the interference with the publication of the book. In the ensuing uproar, Tuthill rescinded his decision, and another judge, Judge Frederick A. Smith, dismissed the ruling. It was later suggested by the press that the case was concocted by both parties for publicity, since Selig and Fabyan were known to be old friends. An official of the Selig Company was quoted as saying, about the initial loss of the case, "Isn't that sad.  That will be about nine million columns of publicity, won't it?"

Paragraph 28: On 19 July 1918, she attended the rescue operations of , arriving late on the scene after an alleged massacre she picked up five survivors, including the captain, but one of them, the engineer officer died on deck immediately after being taken out of the water. The German captain, despite the ordeal he had come through, proved himself to be a very self-possessed individual when examined in the chart room. He expressed the opinion that Germany would shortly win the war, but he was a long way out in his calculation, as Germany was defeated six weeks later. Some of his sailors had not the same guts, but had got on their knees and begged for their lives on seeing officers of the `Bonetta' carrying arms. Webley & Scott automatic pistols hanging round their necks by lanyards were always put on when 'action' was sounded. The Bonetta's duties around that time had included picking up many, badly wounded, survivors, and dead, from fishing boats, which had been shelled by a German submarine, off the entrance to the Tyne. Perhaps unsurprisingly the crew of the Bonetta were not made aware of any massacre. The first lieutenant on board was to relate "A few weeks later we entered the Tyne for bunkers, which we obtained from a collier lying at Jarrow. Shortly after securing alongside the collier, a fishing vessel the 'Baden Powell' came alongside and her skipper invited the crew to help themselves to his catch, Apparently he was one of the survivors we had picked up and, on recognising our boat as we passed the fish market at North Shields, he had cast off the fish quay and come after us. On another occasion... we were ordered out to search for several German prisoners, who had succeeded in escaping from Stobo camp, near Peebles in South Scotland and had set off for Germany in a fishing boat, which they had taken from the beach, somewhere North of Blyth. We came across them about one hundred miles off the home coast at dusk, sailing along with a nice fair wind. If we had been a few minutes later they would probably have been quite safe as it would have been too dark for us to have spotted them. Needless to relate they were very disappointed when we 'closed them' and they did not show any eagerness to come on board when they were ordered to do so, but after firing a few rifle shots over their heads, they hastily scrambled on board, one of them injuring his leg in the process". She was sold for scrap to Thos. W. Ward on 7 June 1920 and broken up at their Briton Ferry shipbreaking yard.

Paragraph 29: In 1916, Selig sued George Fabyan on the grounds that profits from forthcoming films of Shakespeare's works, along with a film on "The Life of Shakespeare", would be damaged by Fabyan's assertion that Francis Bacon was the real author of Shakespeare's work, a popular claim at the time. He had already obtained an injunction stopping the publication of a book by Fabyan on the subject, in which Fabyan promoted the discovery of ciphers in Shakespeare's plays, identified in his private laboratory Fabyan Villa. Selig was hoping to capitalize on the celebrations organized for the upcoming 300th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, scheduled for April 1916. A Cook County Circuit Court judge, Richard Tuthill, found against Shakespeare. He determined that the ciphers identified by Fabyan's analyst Elizabeth Wells Gallup were authentic and that Francis Bacon was therefore the author of the works. Damages of $5,000 were awarded to Fabyan for the interference with the publication of the book. In the ensuing uproar, Tuthill rescinded his decision, and another judge, Judge Frederick A. Smith, dismissed the ruling. It was later suggested by the press that the case was concocted by both parties for publicity, since Selig and Fabyan were known to be old friends. An official of the Selig Company was quoted as saying, about the initial loss of the case, "Isn't that sad.  That will be about nine million columns of publicity, won't it?"

Paragraph 30: The skull of Peloroplites has an estimated length of 56 cm and a maximum width of 35.5 cm between the dorsal orbital rims, which is about the same width as Sauropelta. The snout tapers towards the front and ends at a relatively broad premaxillary beak, as compared to Silvisaurus. The premaxillae are fused along their mid-line and are dorsoventrally thick, unlike Gastonia whereas they are thin. Although the side of the left premaxilla is damaged, the width of the premaxillary beak is estimated to be 18 cm. The upper side of the premaxillae is rugose for the keratinous beak and arched in front view. In addition, the beak has a broad, inverted U-shaped notch. A groove is present near the lower margins of the beak in front view and continues to the palatal side, defining the side edge of the tomial ridge. Both the prefrontals and lachrymals are fused and the presence of the lachrymals is inferred from the lachrymal foramen seen within the front orbital wall. Both sets of prefrontal-lachrymals are triangular in upper and side view and have rugose sculpturing external surfaces that are composed of irregular pits which is especially prominent over the orbits. The front of the orbit has a faint, shallow groove which extends onto the upper surface of the prefrontal and probably outline the margins between adjoining keratinous scales, a feature also similarly seen in other nodosaurids such as Edmontonia. The prefrontal-lachrymals are divided by the front orbital wall towards the middle, which separates the orbit from the nasal cavity. The orbit has a concave upper surface. The postorbital, squamosal, jugal, quadratojugal, and quadrate are coossified on both sides of the skull. The postorbital horncores are conical structures that are very low that project dorsolaterally, which are much less prominent than those of Pawpawsaurus, Sauropelta and Gastonia. The jugal-quadratojugal horncores appear as low, localized thickening of bone as they are not prominent on the skull unlike Gastonia and Animantarx. The jugal probably composes the ventral rim of the orbit and forms a medial-lateral narrow floor to the orbit. As in other dinosaurs, the posterior rim of the orbit is composed of the postorbital and jugal. The orbit is widely separated from the lateral temporal fenestra on the sides of the skull, as in Edmontonia and Pawpawsaurus. The squamosal is fused to the head of the quadrate and the quadrates are slightly bowed towards the front. The frontoparietal region is slightly domed and is moderately arched towards the sides in posterior view. The paroccipital process faces obliquely downwards, similar to Edmontonia and Animantarx. As in other nodosaurids, the supraoccipital crest is weakly developed. The proatlas has a facet that is seen on the right side, although it is partially damaged. The exoccipital is also damaged on the left side while the exoccipital-basioccipital suture of the right side is fused. The occipital condyle has the typical shape of nodosaurids, and the condyle neck has an upper surface that is slightly concave. The basioccipital-basisphenoid suture is fused on the underside and the basioccipital is twice as long as the basisphenoid. The posterior pterygoid plate is present anterior to the parasphenoid and is concave as in Edmontonia. A tooth from a maxillary fragment is similar to some teeth referred to Priconodon and has an extensive wear facet that extends the entire face of the crown as seen in ankylosaurids. 

Paragraph 31: As the story progresses, the reader is introduced to the actual shooter who took the shot at the Salvadoran Archbishop: one Lon Scott. Lon is a crippled man, who was once a great competition benchrest shooter. Bob tracks Lon by tracing the .300 H&H Swagger is given at the Accutech shooting range to Lon's father, Art Scott. Art received the .300 H&H, referred to as "The Tenth Black King", as a gift for his shooting for Winchester. In a tragic twist of fate, Art accidentally shot his son, crippling Lon from the waist down. He then proceeded to take his own life, with the same rifle. Bob hunts through some old files, and with Nick Memphis' help manages to track Lon to his home. Bob and Memphis are then ambushed, but escape. Much later in the novel, Lon makes another appearance as Colonel Shreck tries to set Bob up in Hard Bargain Valley, near the end of the book. Nick Memphis ends up taking a thousand yard shot at Lon, subsequently killing him. Bob then goes through legal proceedings, and embarrasses the United States government. The careful reader will then notice, during a description of the distribution of Lon's possessions in accordance with his will, that there was found a "curious collection of fired 162-grain .264-caliber bullets from some bizarre project or other in the early sixties, found in his safe deposit box. After some research, it can be learned that this is an allusion to the assassination of John F. Kennedy, in 1963. The rifle that supposedly fired the bullet that killed Kennedy was alleged to be a Carcano rifle, firing a 162 grain bullet, in 6.5 mm. It can thus be inferred that Bob Lee Swagger is not the only man that Lon Scott has set up, and that Lon Scott actually shot JFK on November 22, 1963, rather than Lee Harvey Oswald.  In 2013, Hunter followed up on these hinted at threads and completed the tale in The Third Bullet.

Paragraph 32: The principle of postliminium, as a part of public international law, is a specific version of the maxim ex injuria jus non oritur, providing for the invalidity of all illegitimate acts that an occupant may have performed on a given territory after its recapture by the legitimate sovereign. Therefore, if the occupant has appropriated and sold public or private property that may not legitimately be appropriated by a military occupant, the original owner may reclaim that property without payment of compensation.  It derives from the ius postliminii, of Roman law. The codification of large areas of international law have made postliminium to a great extent superfluous though. It may either be seen as a historical concept, or a term generally describing the consequences to legal acts of an occupant after the termination of occupation.

Paragraph 33: Duncan was born in the Windrock coal-mining camp overlooking the town of Oliver Springs, Tennessee, United States.  In his teens he moved to Texas where he learned guitar and mandolin, and played in a hillbilly trio.  He served in the US Air Force, and in 1952 was garrisoned in Cambridgeshire, England, where he met and married a local girl, Betty, in 1953. When performing for American servicemen at Bushey, Hertfordshire, in 1956, he was seen by Dickie Bishop, banjoist in Chris Barber's Dixieland jazz band. Barber was looking for a new vocalist to replace Lonnie Donegan, who had started a solo career, and Duncan took over the role for several months before leaving Barber's band in early 1957.

Paragraph 34: On 19 July 1918, she attended the rescue operations of , arriving late on the scene after an alleged massacre she picked up five survivors, including the captain, but one of them, the engineer officer died on deck immediately after being taken out of the water. The German captain, despite the ordeal he had come through, proved himself to be a very self-possessed individual when examined in the chart room. He expressed the opinion that Germany would shortly win the war, but he was a long way out in his calculation, as Germany was defeated six weeks later. Some of his sailors had not the same guts, but had got on their knees and begged for their lives on seeing officers of the `Bonetta' carrying arms. Webley & Scott automatic pistols hanging round their necks by lanyards were always put on when 'action' was sounded. The Bonetta's duties around that time had included picking up many, badly wounded, survivors, and dead, from fishing boats, which had been shelled by a German submarine, off the entrance to the Tyne. Perhaps unsurprisingly the crew of the Bonetta were not made aware of any massacre. The first lieutenant on board was to relate "A few weeks later we entered the Tyne for bunkers, which we obtained from a collier lying at Jarrow. Shortly after securing alongside the collier, a fishing vessel the 'Baden Powell' came alongside and her skipper invited the crew to help themselves to his catch, Apparently he was one of the survivors we had picked up and, on recognising our boat as we passed the fish market at North Shields, he had cast off the fish quay and come after us. On another occasion... we were ordered out to search for several German prisoners, who had succeeded in escaping from Stobo camp, near Peebles in South Scotland and had set off for Germany in a fishing boat, which they had taken from the beach, somewhere North of Blyth. We came across them about one hundred miles off the home coast at dusk, sailing along with a nice fair wind. If we had been a few minutes later they would probably have been quite safe as it would have been too dark for us to have spotted them. Needless to relate they were very disappointed when we 'closed them' and they did not show any eagerness to come on board when they were ordered to do so, but after firing a few rifle shots over their heads, they hastily scrambled on board, one of them injuring his leg in the process". She was sold for scrap to Thos. W. Ward on 7 June 1920 and broken up at their Briton Ferry shipbreaking yard.

Paragraph 35: The film starts where L'armata Brancaleone has ended. Brancaleone da Norcia (again played by Vittorio Gassman) is a poor but proud Middle Ages knight leading his bizarre and ragtag army of underdogs. However, he loses all his "warriors" in a battle and therefore meets Death's personification. Having obtained more time to live, he forms a new tattered band. When Brancaleone saves an infant of royal blood, they set on to the Holy Sepulchre to bring him back to his father, Bohemond of Taranto (Adolfo Celi), who is fighting in the Crusades. As in the first film, in his quest he lives a series of grotesque episodes, each a hilarious parody of Middle Ages stereotypes. These include: the saving of a young witch (Stefania Sandrelli) from the stake, the annexion of a leper to the band, and a meeting with Gregory VII, in which Brancaleone has to solve the dispute between the pope and the antipope Clement III. On reaching Palestine, Brancaleone obtains the title of baron from the child's father. He is therefore chosen as a champion in a tournament to solve the dispute between the Christians and the Saracens in the siege of Jerusalem. The award for the winner is the former leper, who is in fact revealed to be a beautiful princess, Berta, who adopted the disguise to travel to the Holy Land in relative safety. After having nearly defeated all the Moor warriors, Brancaleone is however defeated by a spell cast on him by the witch, who, having fallen in love with him, could not stand seeing him married with the princess. He therefore starts to wander in despair through the desert, and again Death comes to claim her credit: Brancaleone, brooding and world weary as he has no qualms about dying but asks to be allowed to die in "knightly" fashion, in a duel with the Grim Reaper itself. Death agrees and the confrontation begins... after a fierce exchange of blows Brancaleone is about to be cleft by Death's scythe but is ultimately saved by the witch, who gives her life for the man she loved.

Paragraph 36: On 19 July 1918, she attended the rescue operations of , arriving late on the scene after an alleged massacre she picked up five survivors, including the captain, but one of them, the engineer officer died on deck immediately after being taken out of the water. The German captain, despite the ordeal he had come through, proved himself to be a very self-possessed individual when examined in the chart room. He expressed the opinion that Germany would shortly win the war, but he was a long way out in his calculation, as Germany was defeated six weeks later. Some of his sailors had not the same guts, but had got on their knees and begged for their lives on seeing officers of the `Bonetta' carrying arms. Webley & Scott automatic pistols hanging round their necks by lanyards were always put on when 'action' was sounded. The Bonetta's duties around that time had included picking up many, badly wounded, survivors, and dead, from fishing boats, which had been shelled by a German submarine, off the entrance to the Tyne. Perhaps unsurprisingly the crew of the Bonetta were not made aware of any massacre. The first lieutenant on board was to relate "A few weeks later we entered the Tyne for bunkers, which we obtained from a collier lying at Jarrow. Shortly after securing alongside the collier, a fishing vessel the 'Baden Powell' came alongside and her skipper invited the crew to help themselves to his catch, Apparently he was one of the survivors we had picked up and, on recognising our boat as we passed the fish market at North Shields, he had cast off the fish quay and come after us. On another occasion... we were ordered out to search for several German prisoners, who had succeeded in escaping from Stobo camp, near Peebles in South Scotland and had set off for Germany in a fishing boat, which they had taken from the beach, somewhere North of Blyth. We came across them about one hundred miles off the home coast at dusk, sailing along with a nice fair wind. If we had been a few minutes later they would probably have been quite safe as it would have been too dark for us to have spotted them. Needless to relate they were very disappointed when we 'closed them' and they did not show any eagerness to come on board when they were ordered to do so, but after firing a few rifle shots over their heads, they hastily scrambled on board, one of them injuring his leg in the process". She was sold for scrap to Thos. W. Ward on 7 June 1920 and broken up at their Briton Ferry shipbreaking yard.

Paragraph 37: The skull of Peloroplites has an estimated length of 56 cm and a maximum width of 35.5 cm between the dorsal orbital rims, which is about the same width as Sauropelta. The snout tapers towards the front and ends at a relatively broad premaxillary beak, as compared to Silvisaurus. The premaxillae are fused along their mid-line and are dorsoventrally thick, unlike Gastonia whereas they are thin. Although the side of the left premaxilla is damaged, the width of the premaxillary beak is estimated to be 18 cm. The upper side of the premaxillae is rugose for the keratinous beak and arched in front view. In addition, the beak has a broad, inverted U-shaped notch. A groove is present near the lower margins of the beak in front view and continues to the palatal side, defining the side edge of the tomial ridge. Both the prefrontals and lachrymals are fused and the presence of the lachrymals is inferred from the lachrymal foramen seen within the front orbital wall. Both sets of prefrontal-lachrymals are triangular in upper and side view and have rugose sculpturing external surfaces that are composed of irregular pits which is especially prominent over the orbits. The front of the orbit has a faint, shallow groove which extends onto the upper surface of the prefrontal and probably outline the margins between adjoining keratinous scales, a feature also similarly seen in other nodosaurids such as Edmontonia. The prefrontal-lachrymals are divided by the front orbital wall towards the middle, which separates the orbit from the nasal cavity. The orbit has a concave upper surface. The postorbital, squamosal, jugal, quadratojugal, and quadrate are coossified on both sides of the skull. The postorbital horncores are conical structures that are very low that project dorsolaterally, which are much less prominent than those of Pawpawsaurus, Sauropelta and Gastonia. The jugal-quadratojugal horncores appear as low, localized thickening of bone as they are not prominent on the skull unlike Gastonia and Animantarx. The jugal probably composes the ventral rim of the orbit and forms a medial-lateral narrow floor to the orbit. As in other dinosaurs, the posterior rim of the orbit is composed of the postorbital and jugal. The orbit is widely separated from the lateral temporal fenestra on the sides of the skull, as in Edmontonia and Pawpawsaurus. The squamosal is fused to the head of the quadrate and the quadrates are slightly bowed towards the front. The frontoparietal region is slightly domed and is moderately arched towards the sides in posterior view. The paroccipital process faces obliquely downwards, similar to Edmontonia and Animantarx. As in other nodosaurids, the supraoccipital crest is weakly developed. The proatlas has a facet that is seen on the right side, although it is partially damaged. The exoccipital is also damaged on the left side while the exoccipital-basioccipital suture of the right side is fused. The occipital condyle has the typical shape of nodosaurids, and the condyle neck has an upper surface that is slightly concave. The basioccipital-basisphenoid suture is fused on the underside and the basioccipital is twice as long as the basisphenoid. The posterior pterygoid plate is present anterior to the parasphenoid and is concave as in Edmontonia. A tooth from a maxillary fragment is similar to some teeth referred to Priconodon and has an extensive wear facet that extends the entire face of the crown as seen in ankylosaurids. 

Paragraph 38: In 2004 began with a loss for Ca$h in a four-way tables and ladders match at the Street Fight 2K4 show, which was won by Sabian, and in which Joker and Ruckus also participated. After the match, Sabian and Ruckus attacked Ca$h and Joker, setting up a tag team match for the next show. Ca$h and Joker lost the match after Joker turned on Ca$h and attacked him until Jimmy Jacobs and Dutt saved him. This resulted in a six-man tag team elimination tables match at Overdrive in March, which Ruckus, Joker and Sabian won after eliminating all the members of the other team, Ca$h, Jacobs and Dutt. Ca$h continued competing for CZW during the summer, alternately teaming with or facing GQ. He also competed in the Best of the Best IV tournament, but was eliminated in the first round. At Tournament of Death Ca$h competed in his first deathmatch, losing to JC Bailey. In September, Ca$h won a match allowing him to pick the members of a team for Cage of Death VI. This was followed by CZW owner John Zandig that Ca$h would be the captain of one of the team in the Cage of Death match, and Ca$h chose Bailey as his first team member. At the following show, Breaking Point: Let the Kaos Begin, Ca$h and Bailey won a CZW World Tag Team Championship match against The Blackout after winning a tag team gauntlet match. They originally won the match, but the decision was reversed once it was determined that Ca$h, who had made the pin, was not the legal man. At Cage of Death VI, Team Ca$h, consisting of Ca$h, Bailey, Nate Webb, and SeXXXy Eddy, defeated Team Blackout, which consisted of Ruckus, Sabian, Eddie Kingston, and Jack Evans, to win CZW World Tag Team Championship. The match contained a number of spots which were later described as "the psychotic daredevil spots for which Cash was known throughout his all-too-short career", including a spot where Ca$h performed his finishing move on Sabian off of the scaffolding surrounding the cage through four tables to land in the second row of the audience.

Paragraph 39: The skull of Peloroplites has an estimated length of 56 cm and a maximum width of 35.5 cm between the dorsal orbital rims, which is about the same width as Sauropelta. The snout tapers towards the front and ends at a relatively broad premaxillary beak, as compared to Silvisaurus. The premaxillae are fused along their mid-line and are dorsoventrally thick, unlike Gastonia whereas they are thin. Although the side of the left premaxilla is damaged, the width of the premaxillary beak is estimated to be 18 cm. The upper side of the premaxillae is rugose for the keratinous beak and arched in front view. In addition, the beak has a broad, inverted U-shaped notch. A groove is present near the lower margins of the beak in front view and continues to the palatal side, defining the side edge of the tomial ridge. Both the prefrontals and lachrymals are fused and the presence of the lachrymals is inferred from the lachrymal foramen seen within the front orbital wall. Both sets of prefrontal-lachrymals are triangular in upper and side view and have rugose sculpturing external surfaces that are composed of irregular pits which is especially prominent over the orbits. The front of the orbit has a faint, shallow groove which extends onto the upper surface of the prefrontal and probably outline the margins between adjoining keratinous scales, a feature also similarly seen in other nodosaurids such as Edmontonia. The prefrontal-lachrymals are divided by the front orbital wall towards the middle, which separates the orbit from the nasal cavity. The orbit has a concave upper surface. The postorbital, squamosal, jugal, quadratojugal, and quadrate are coossified on both sides of the skull. The postorbital horncores are conical structures that are very low that project dorsolaterally, which are much less prominent than those of Pawpawsaurus, Sauropelta and Gastonia. The jugal-quadratojugal horncores appear as low, localized thickening of bone as they are not prominent on the skull unlike Gastonia and Animantarx. The jugal probably composes the ventral rim of the orbit and forms a medial-lateral narrow floor to the orbit. As in other dinosaurs, the posterior rim of the orbit is composed of the postorbital and jugal. The orbit is widely separated from the lateral temporal fenestra on the sides of the skull, as in Edmontonia and Pawpawsaurus. The squamosal is fused to the head of the quadrate and the quadrates are slightly bowed towards the front. The frontoparietal region is slightly domed and is moderately arched towards the sides in posterior view. The paroccipital process faces obliquely downwards, similar to Edmontonia and Animantarx. As in other nodosaurids, the supraoccipital crest is weakly developed. The proatlas has a facet that is seen on the right side, although it is partially damaged. The exoccipital is also damaged on the left side while the exoccipital-basioccipital suture of the right side is fused. The occipital condyle has the typical shape of nodosaurids, and the condyle neck has an upper surface that is slightly concave. The basioccipital-basisphenoid suture is fused on the underside and the basioccipital is twice as long as the basisphenoid. The posterior pterygoid plate is present anterior to the parasphenoid and is concave as in Edmontonia. A tooth from a maxillary fragment is similar to some teeth referred to Priconodon and has an extensive wear facet that extends the entire face of the crown as seen in ankylosaurids. 

Paragraph 40: The principle of postliminium, as a part of public international law, is a specific version of the maxim ex injuria jus non oritur, providing for the invalidity of all illegitimate acts that an occupant may have performed on a given territory after its recapture by the legitimate sovereign. Therefore, if the occupant has appropriated and sold public or private property that may not legitimately be appropriated by a military occupant, the original owner may reclaim that property without payment of compensation.  It derives from the ius postliminii, of Roman law. The codification of large areas of international law have made postliminium to a great extent superfluous though. It may either be seen as a historical concept, or a term generally describing the consequences to legal acts of an occupant after the termination of occupation.

Paragraph 41: Properzia de' Rossi was born in Bologna; she was the daughter of a notary named Giovanni Martino Rossi da Modena. Unusually for early modern female artists, she was not the daughter of an artist. She appears to have studied painting, music, dance, poetry, and classical literature. She is also said to have studied with a sculptor at the University of Bologna. Vasari stated she was expert in "household matters" as well as many sciences and played and sang "better than any other woman of her city". Undecided in her youth as to which outlet of self-expression she wanted to pursue, she found her direction when she tried her hand at sculpture, creating small but intricately detailed works of art on apricot, peach, and cherry stones according to some sources, though this may have been a fabrication by Vasari meant to explain how a woman came to know how to sculpt. The subject of these small "friezes" was often religious, with one of the most famous being a Passion of Christ with Apostles and Crucifixion in a peach stone. This has been identified as part of a necklace in the Palazzo Bonamini-Pepoli, Pesaro. Further examples are in the Uffizi and Museo Civico, Bologna. Vasari also noted she copied in pen and ink drawings by Raphael. Vasari described her as married.

Paragraph 42: In 1916, Selig sued George Fabyan on the grounds that profits from forthcoming films of Shakespeare's works, along with a film on "The Life of Shakespeare", would be damaged by Fabyan's assertion that Francis Bacon was the real author of Shakespeare's work, a popular claim at the time. He had already obtained an injunction stopping the publication of a book by Fabyan on the subject, in which Fabyan promoted the discovery of ciphers in Shakespeare's plays, identified in his private laboratory Fabyan Villa. Selig was hoping to capitalize on the celebrations organized for the upcoming 300th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, scheduled for April 1916. A Cook County Circuit Court judge, Richard Tuthill, found against Shakespeare. He determined that the ciphers identified by Fabyan's analyst Elizabeth Wells Gallup were authentic and that Francis Bacon was therefore the author of the works. Damages of $5,000 were awarded to Fabyan for the interference with the publication of the book. In the ensuing uproar, Tuthill rescinded his decision, and another judge, Judge Frederick A. Smith, dismissed the ruling. It was later suggested by the press that the case was concocted by both parties for publicity, since Selig and Fabyan were known to be old friends. An official of the Selig Company was quoted as saying, about the initial loss of the case, "Isn't that sad.  That will be about nine million columns of publicity, won't it?"