Paragraph 1: Laser Squad is a turn-based tactics war game where the player completes objectives such as rescue or retrieval operations, or simply eliminating all of the enemy by taking advantage of cover, squad level military tactics, and careful use of weaponry. The squad's team members are maneuvered around a map one at a time, taking actions such as move, turn, shoot, pick up and so on that use up the unit's action points. More heavily laden units may tire more easily, and may have to rest to avoid running out of action points more quickly in subsequent turns. Morale also plays a factor; a unit witnessing the deaths of his teammates can panic and run out of the player's control.

Paragraph 2: All CSFL teams are located in the northeastern and mid-Atlantic United States. Seven schools joined in the 21st century, one in 2008 and the others in the 2010s; five remain active in sprint football today. Of these new members, two no longer sponsor the sport—Franklin Pierce University, which joined in 2012, transitioned to full-sized football in NCAA Division II after the 2018 season, and Post University, which joined in 2010, did the same after the canceled 2020 season. Of the other 21st-century arrivals, only Alderson Broaddus University, also a Division II member, has a full-size varsity football team. The other four teams (all of which have been in the CSFL since 1957) have full-size football teams that compete in NCAA Division I—the service academies in FBS, and the Ivy League schools in FCS. Each team plays a seven-game season. It is not uncommon for the CSFL teams to play against full-size junior varsity or club football squads from other schools in the early part of the season (in 2015, for instance, Navy faced the Longwood Lancers). In addition, Army, Cornell, Princeton, and Penn all hold alumni games in which sprint football alumni return to campus for a full-contact scrimmage against the varsity squad. The alumni games serve the dual purpose of raising funds to support the team and maintaining alumni interest in the program.  Typically, the alumni have to donate a monetary weight penalty (e.g., $2 per pound) for weighing above the 178-pound limit. In 2017, when Caldwell joined, the CSFL was split into two divisions, the North and the South. On December 7, 2017, St. Thomas Aquinas College was announced as the tenth team in the league, to begin play in the 2018 season. After that season,  Franklin Pierce left to play full-sized football and was replaced by Alderson Broaddus.

Paragraph 3: Staunton cumbersomely referred to the opening as "The Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game in the King's Knight's Opening", as did George H. D. Gossip in The Chess Player's Manual (1888, American edition 1902). Napoleon Marache, one of the leading American players, similarly called it the "Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game" in his 1866 manual. In their treatise Chess Openings Ancient and Modern (1889, 1896), E. Freeborough and the Reverend C.E. Ranken called it "Staunton's Opening". In an appendix to later editions of Staunton's work, R.F. Green, editor of  British Chess Magazine, also called it "Staunton's Opening", directing those seeking a definition of "Ponziani's Game" to the former name. Green referred to 3...f5 as "Ponziani's Counter Gambit". Chess historian H. J. R. Murray in his celebrated 1913 work A History of Chess called the opening simply the "Staunton", explaining that he was using "the ordinary names of the Openings as used by English players of the present day". James Mason in his treatise The Art of Chess (Fourth Edition c. 1910?) referred to the opening as the "Ponziani–Staunton Attack". The famous German Handbuch des Schachspiels, which went through eight editions between 1843 and 1916, called it the "Englisches Springerspiel" (English Knight's Game). The Reverend E.E. Cunnington in The Modern Chess Primer (Thirteenth Edition 1933) referred to it as the "Ponziani Opening (sometimes called Staunton's)".

Paragraph 4: Ward played sparingly in his rookie year under head coach Pat Riley, but the Knicks organization referred to him as "the point guard of the future." When assistant coach Jeff Van Gundy took over the head coaching position, Ward's time on the floor began to increase, becoming the primary backup for point guard Derek Harper. He became a fan favorite in New York for his hard work ethic and unselfish play. During his NBA career, Ward established himself as a good three-point shooter, a reliable ball distributor, and a respected floor leader. Ward was selected to participate in the 1998 NBA All-Star three-point competition, finishing fourth in the event. He soon helped the Knicks reach the 1999 NBA Finals before falling to the San Antonio Spurs. Ward was traded to the Phoenix Suns in February 2004 as part of the blockbuster trade that brought Stephon Marbury to the Knicks and was promptly cut by the Suns for salary purposes. Ward spent the remainder of the season with the Spurs and signed a contract with the Houston Rockets the following summer.  After maintaining relatively good health over his first decade in the league, injuries caused Ward to miss most of the 2004–05 season. Because of his injuries Ward retired.

Paragraph 5: In 1961 he drove a Cooper-B.M.C. Formula Junior car for the Midland Racing Partnership, winning a long race on the Phoenix Park circuit in Dublin on 22 July, and the Dunboyne Trophy on 29 July. On 11 June 1962, he drove Bob Gerard's Cooper-Ford in the 2,000 Guineas F1 race at Mallory Park. Rhodes soldiered on with the Cooper-B.M.C. FJ car in 1963 when the Ford engine was required to win. That year he competed in a works Mini-Cooper 'S' type in saloon car racing, finishing 8th with Rob Slotemaker in The Motor International Six-Hour Saloon-Car Race at Brands Hatch on 6 July. In 1965 Rhodes continued with the Mini, taking fourth place, among the big bangers, in the Ilford Films Trophy at Brands Hatch on 13 March. He failed to finish in the BRDC International Trophy at Silverstone in Bob Gerard's Cooper-Ford on 15 May 1965.

Paragraph 6: The play debuted on Sunday, January 6, 1935, at the Civic Repertory Theatre on 14th Street, as part of a benefit performance for New Theatre magazine. It premiered on Broadway at the Longacre Theatre on March 26, 1935, under the auspices of the Group Theatre, a New York City theatre company founded by Harold Clurman, Cheryl Crawford and Lee Strasberg, of which Odets was a member. The company was founded as a training ground for actors, and also to support new plays, especially those that expressed the social and political climate of the day. The play was requested by many theater and labor groups in numerous other cities around the United States. It premiered in London in 1936 at Unity Theatre, and was revived there most recently in 2013.

Paragraph 7: McEldowney's comics have often been described as sex-focused or as having more depiction of physical intimacy than typical newspaper comics. Washington Post writer Michael Cavna said that "we usually can rely on our cartoon coitus to be only implied... But cast our innocent eyes toward "9 Chickweed Lane"... and it's starting to get hot'n here." In other posts he said that McEldowney, "flat-out rejoices in drawing women's bodies" and that both of his comics were "putting the 'strip' in comic strip". Another Washington Post writer, Gene Wingarten, said about 9 Chickweed Lane, "I believe his audience gets him and what drives him: He is fascinated by sex, is mystified by, and in love with women, and finds the mating dance hilarious." On the sexual nature of the comic, Weingarten said, "As a cartoonist McEldowney learned long ago that he can get away with what others might not be able to because he is an elegant illustrator, because his female characters are strong and smart, and because most of them are not drawn to be ridiculous, cliched, cartoony unattainable physical types." The comic's "curious, sexually charged atmosphere" has sometimes led to complaints from readers. Critic Nathan Rabin said of 9 Chickweed Lane, "every comic strip seems to be exclusively about how unbelievably horny the men in the strip are for their impossibly willowy, leggy, ethereal partners and how equally horny the women are for their dorky yet erudite and urbane husbands... It feels like the only “gag” in 9 Chickweed Place is how unbelievably horny all the characters are for each other."

Paragraph 8: Staunton cumbersomely referred to the opening as "The Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game in the King's Knight's Opening", as did George H. D. Gossip in The Chess Player's Manual (1888, American edition 1902). Napoleon Marache, one of the leading American players, similarly called it the "Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game" in his 1866 manual. In their treatise Chess Openings Ancient and Modern (1889, 1896), E. Freeborough and the Reverend C.E. Ranken called it "Staunton's Opening". In an appendix to later editions of Staunton's work, R.F. Green, editor of  British Chess Magazine, also called it "Staunton's Opening", directing those seeking a definition of "Ponziani's Game" to the former name. Green referred to 3...f5 as "Ponziani's Counter Gambit". Chess historian H. J. R. Murray in his celebrated 1913 work A History of Chess called the opening simply the "Staunton", explaining that he was using "the ordinary names of the Openings as used by English players of the present day". James Mason in his treatise The Art of Chess (Fourth Edition c. 1910?) referred to the opening as the "Ponziani–Staunton Attack". The famous German Handbuch des Schachspiels, which went through eight editions between 1843 and 1916, called it the "Englisches Springerspiel" (English Knight's Game). The Reverend E.E. Cunnington in The Modern Chess Primer (Thirteenth Edition 1933) referred to it as the "Ponziani Opening (sometimes called Staunton's)".

Paragraph 9: In 1961 he drove a Cooper-B.M.C. Formula Junior car for the Midland Racing Partnership, winning a long race on the Phoenix Park circuit in Dublin on 22 July, and the Dunboyne Trophy on 29 July. On 11 June 1962, he drove Bob Gerard's Cooper-Ford in the 2,000 Guineas F1 race at Mallory Park. Rhodes soldiered on with the Cooper-B.M.C. FJ car in 1963 when the Ford engine was required to win. That year he competed in a works Mini-Cooper 'S' type in saloon car racing, finishing 8th with Rob Slotemaker in The Motor International Six-Hour Saloon-Car Race at Brands Hatch on 6 July. In 1965 Rhodes continued with the Mini, taking fourth place, among the big bangers, in the Ilford Films Trophy at Brands Hatch on 13 March. He failed to finish in the BRDC International Trophy at Silverstone in Bob Gerard's Cooper-Ford on 15 May 1965.

Paragraph 10: Afterdamp is the toxic mixture of gases left in a mine following an explosion caused by methane-rich firedamp, which itself can initiate a much larger explosion of coal dust. The term is etymologically and practically related to other terms for underground mine gases—such as firedamp, white damp, and black damp, with afterdamp being composed, rather, primarily by carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and nitrogen, with highly toxic stinkdamp-constituent hydrogen sulfide possibly also present. However, the high content of carbon monoxide is the component that kills, preferentially combining with haemoglobin in the blood and thus depriving victims of oxygen. Globally, afterdamp has caused many of the casualties in disasters of pit coalfields, including British, such as the Senghenydd colliery disaster. Such disasters continue to afflict working mines, for instance in mainland China.

Paragraph 11: Staunton cumbersomely referred to the opening as "The Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game in the King's Knight's Opening", as did George H. D. Gossip in The Chess Player's Manual (1888, American edition 1902). Napoleon Marache, one of the leading American players, similarly called it the "Queen's Bishop's Pawn Game" in his 1866 manual. In their treatise Chess Openings Ancient and Modern (1889, 1896), E. Freeborough and the Reverend C.E. Ranken called it "Staunton's Opening". In an appendix to later editions of Staunton's work, R.F. Green, editor of  British Chess Magazine, also called it "Staunton's Opening", directing those seeking a definition of "Ponziani's Game" to the former name. Green referred to 3...f5 as "Ponziani's Counter Gambit". Chess historian H. J. R. Murray in his celebrated 1913 work A History of Chess called the opening simply the "Staunton", explaining that he was using "the ordinary names of the Openings as used by English players of the present day". James Mason in his treatise The Art of Chess (Fourth Edition c. 1910?) referred to the opening as the "Ponziani–Staunton Attack". The famous German Handbuch des Schachspiels, which went through eight editions between 1843 and 1916, called it the "Englisches Springerspiel" (English Knight's Game). The Reverend E.E. Cunnington in The Modern Chess Primer (Thirteenth Edition 1933) referred to it as the "Ponziani Opening (sometimes called Staunton's)".

Paragraph 12: All CSFL teams are located in the northeastern and mid-Atlantic United States. Seven schools joined in the 21st century, one in 2008 and the others in the 2010s; five remain active in sprint football today. Of these new members, two no longer sponsor the sport—Franklin Pierce University, which joined in 2012, transitioned to full-sized football in NCAA Division II after the 2018 season, and Post University, which joined in 2010, did the same after the canceled 2020 season. Of the other 21st-century arrivals, only Alderson Broaddus University, also a Division II member, has a full-size varsity football team. The other four teams (all of which have been in the CSFL since 1957) have full-size football teams that compete in NCAA Division I—the service academies in FBS, and the Ivy League schools in FCS. Each team plays a seven-game season. It is not uncommon for the CSFL teams to play against full-size junior varsity or club football squads from other schools in the early part of the season (in 2015, for instance, Navy faced the Longwood Lancers). In addition, Army, Cornell, Princeton, and Penn all hold alumni games in which sprint football alumni return to campus for a full-contact scrimmage against the varsity squad. The alumni games serve the dual purpose of raising funds to support the team and maintaining alumni interest in the program.  Typically, the alumni have to donate a monetary weight penalty (e.g., $2 per pound) for weighing above the 178-pound limit. In 2017, when Caldwell joined, the CSFL was split into two divisions, the North and the South. On December 7, 2017, St. Thomas Aquinas College was announced as the tenth team in the league, to begin play in the 2018 season. After that season,  Franklin Pierce left to play full-sized football and was replaced by Alderson Broaddus.

Paragraph 13: Ward played sparingly in his rookie year under head coach Pat Riley, but the Knicks organization referred to him as "the point guard of the future." When assistant coach Jeff Van Gundy took over the head coaching position, Ward's time on the floor began to increase, becoming the primary backup for point guard Derek Harper. He became a fan favorite in New York for his hard work ethic and unselfish play. During his NBA career, Ward established himself as a good three-point shooter, a reliable ball distributor, and a respected floor leader. Ward was selected to participate in the 1998 NBA All-Star three-point competition, finishing fourth in the event. He soon helped the Knicks reach the 1999 NBA Finals before falling to the San Antonio Spurs. Ward was traded to the Phoenix Suns in February 2004 as part of the blockbuster trade that brought Stephon Marbury to the Knicks and was promptly cut by the Suns for salary purposes. Ward spent the remainder of the season with the Spurs and signed a contract with the Houston Rockets the following summer.  After maintaining relatively good health over his first decade in the league, injuries caused Ward to miss most of the 2004–05 season. Because of his injuries Ward retired.

Paragraph 14: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 15: He was born in Everett, Massachusetts (formerly known as South Malden) on 24 December 1867 to Isaac N. Carleton and Laura Tenney Carleton.  He attended public schools in New Britain, Connecticut.  He later attended Carleton School for Boys in Bradford, Massachusetts (now part of Haverhill) in 1884. He joined the First Church in Bradford in 1885.  He attended Dartmouth College. He was a member of the Glee Club and also sang in the St. Thomas Episcopal Church choir and Rollins Chapel choir.  He was also in the Kappa Kappa Kappa fraternity and Sphinx Society. He graduated in 1891 with an A.B.

Paragraph 16: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 17: He was born in Everett, Massachusetts (formerly known as South Malden) on 24 December 1867 to Isaac N. Carleton and Laura Tenney Carleton.  He attended public schools in New Britain, Connecticut.  He later attended Carleton School for Boys in Bradford, Massachusetts (now part of Haverhill) in 1884. He joined the First Church in Bradford in 1885.  He attended Dartmouth College. He was a member of the Glee Club and also sang in the St. Thomas Episcopal Church choir and Rollins Chapel choir.  He was also in the Kappa Kappa Kappa fraternity and Sphinx Society. He graduated in 1891 with an A.B.

Paragraph 18: Prior to the 1960s, "historic preservation was," according to a 2015 column in The Washington Post, "neither a public policy issue nor part of America's architectural, planning and real estate development culture. Historic-preservation laws didn't exist." Although there was no national policy regarding preservation until 1966, efforts in the 19th century initiated the journey towards legislation. One of the earliest efforts of the preservation movement occurred around the 1850s. President George Washington's home, Mount Vernon, was in shambles. His nephew attempted to sell it to the federal government for $200,000, but the government did not authorize such a purchase. To prevent further destruction or conversion of the property to a resort, Ann Pamela Cunningham founded the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association to fight for this house. After establishing the first group promoting preservation efforts, they raised the money to acquire the property and protect it from ruin. Due to their efforts, this house has come to stand to represent the nation and the birth of independence, but it also, "served as a blueprint for later organizations."

Paragraph 19: The play debuted on Sunday, January 6, 1935, at the Civic Repertory Theatre on 14th Street, as part of a benefit performance for New Theatre magazine. It premiered on Broadway at the Longacre Theatre on March 26, 1935, under the auspices of the Group Theatre, a New York City theatre company founded by Harold Clurman, Cheryl Crawford and Lee Strasberg, of which Odets was a member. The company was founded as a training ground for actors, and also to support new plays, especially those that expressed the social and political climate of the day. The play was requested by many theater and labor groups in numerous other cities around the United States. It premiered in London in 1936 at Unity Theatre, and was revived there most recently in 2013.

Paragraph 20: Another song from the album with a religious theme would become the biggest hit of Kristofferson's career: “Why Me.”  According to country music historian Bill Malone, Kristofferson wrote the song during an emotionally low period of his life after having attended a religious service conducted by the Rev. Jimmie Rogers Snow. Malone wrote, "'Why Me, Lord'" - as the song is sometimes known - "may seem greatly out of character for Kristofferson, but it can be interpreted as his own personal religious rephrasing of 'Sunday Morning Coming Down.' In this case, he is 'coming down' not from drugs, but from the whole hedonistic euphoria of the (1960s)." Malone described Kristofferson's gruff vocal styling as "perfect" for the song, since "he sounds like a man who has lived a lot but is now humbling himself before God."  Kristofferson said he went with friends to the church service where he was moved by Larry Gatlin's song "Help Me (Lord)". He said that he had never thought of needing help, but he was at a low point in his life. When the pastor asked the congregation, "Is anybody feeling lost?" "Up goes my hand," Kristofferson says. The Pastor then asked, "Are you ready to accept Christ? Kneel down there."  "I'm kneeling there," Kristofferson continues, "and I carry a big load of guilt around...and I was just out of control, crying. It was a release. It really shook me up."  Kristofferson later said, "It was just a personal thing I was going through at the time.  I had some kind of experience that I can't even explain."  Kristofferson met June Carter Cash and Johnny Cash in a hotel room in 1972 to play them two songs he had written.  Kristofferson had just attended a rough screening of a movie Johnny and June were heavily involved in, entitled The Gospel Road.  Johnny Cash's memoir Man in Black, reiterated the story that Larry Gatlin sang "Help Me" at the Evangel Temple, which inspired Kristofferson to write the song. Kristofferson also played Cash the song "Burden of Freedom," which was used in The Gospel Road.

Paragraph 21: Laser Squad is a turn-based tactics war game where the player completes objectives such as rescue or retrieval operations, or simply eliminating all of the enemy by taking advantage of cover, squad level military tactics, and careful use of weaponry. The squad's team members are maneuvered around a map one at a time, taking actions such as move, turn, shoot, pick up and so on that use up the unit's action points. More heavily laden units may tire more easily, and may have to rest to avoid running out of action points more quickly in subsequent turns. Morale also plays a factor; a unit witnessing the deaths of his teammates can panic and run out of the player's control.

Paragraph 22: Another song from the album with a religious theme would become the biggest hit of Kristofferson's career: “Why Me.”  According to country music historian Bill Malone, Kristofferson wrote the song during an emotionally low period of his life after having attended a religious service conducted by the Rev. Jimmie Rogers Snow. Malone wrote, "'Why Me, Lord'" - as the song is sometimes known - "may seem greatly out of character for Kristofferson, but it can be interpreted as his own personal religious rephrasing of 'Sunday Morning Coming Down.' In this case, he is 'coming down' not from drugs, but from the whole hedonistic euphoria of the (1960s)." Malone described Kristofferson's gruff vocal styling as "perfect" for the song, since "he sounds like a man who has lived a lot but is now humbling himself before God."  Kristofferson said he went with friends to the church service where he was moved by Larry Gatlin's song "Help Me (Lord)". He said that he had never thought of needing help, but he was at a low point in his life. When the pastor asked the congregation, "Is anybody feeling lost?" "Up goes my hand," Kristofferson says. The Pastor then asked, "Are you ready to accept Christ? Kneel down there."  "I'm kneeling there," Kristofferson continues, "and I carry a big load of guilt around...and I was just out of control, crying. It was a release. It really shook me up."  Kristofferson later said, "It was just a personal thing I was going through at the time.  I had some kind of experience that I can't even explain."  Kristofferson met June Carter Cash and Johnny Cash in a hotel room in 1972 to play them two songs he had written.  Kristofferson had just attended a rough screening of a movie Johnny and June were heavily involved in, entitled The Gospel Road.  Johnny Cash's memoir Man in Black, reiterated the story that Larry Gatlin sang "Help Me" at the Evangel Temple, which inspired Kristofferson to write the song. Kristofferson also played Cash the song "Burden of Freedom," which was used in The Gospel Road.

Paragraph 23: H. laboriosa exhibits a special method of pollination referred to as buzz pollination. They are oligolectic or specialist pollinators to the genus Vaccinium ashei and Gelsemium sempervirens. They latch onto the anthers of a plant and vibrate their thoracic muscles and their wings at 100 to 500 Hz, which results in the ejection of pollen from the anthers subsequently landing on the bee's body. When the bees visit a different blueberry plant, the pollen on the bee's body will land on the female reproductive organ for fertilization. This behavior is specially tuned for the extraction of pollen in blueberry plants, because blueberry plants require these vibrations to be able to efficiently release their pollen; since blueberry plants have naturally heavy and adherent pollen, it is hard for other pollinators to extract pollen. This makes H. laboriosa an efficient pollinator for blueberry plants. Buzz pollination has been discovered in the past 100 years, however, there is still much research to be done on this topic due to the difficulty in measuring the vibrations in a natural pollination occurrence.  H. laboriosa emerge around late February till April and are only active during this time period to pollinate the blueberry plants. This is because blueberry plants only flower and bloom at this time. They have the ability to emerge before the start of spring due to their ability to survive in cooler weather. They are able to vibrate their thoracic muscles for warmth thus allowing them to fly in temperatures as low as 60 degrees Fahrenheit. When they are vibrating their thoracic muscles, human observers describe the sound it produces as "buzzing"; usually, this sound is at a higher pitch during pollination because they are vibrating at a higher frequency then normal flight.They are absent by the time the fruit is ready for harvest, so they are only active for a couple of weeks during the year.  Compared to the bumble bee species, the female H. laboriosa are quicker at finding pollen and nectar, and they spend most of the day collecting it when it is in their preferred range of temperatures. 

Paragraph 24: Laser Squad is a turn-based tactics war game where the player completes objectives such as rescue or retrieval operations, or simply eliminating all of the enemy by taking advantage of cover, squad level military tactics, and careful use of weaponry. The squad's team members are maneuvered around a map one at a time, taking actions such as move, turn, shoot, pick up and so on that use up the unit's action points. More heavily laden units may tire more easily, and may have to rest to avoid running out of action points more quickly in subsequent turns. Morale also plays a factor; a unit witnessing the deaths of his teammates can panic and run out of the player's control.

Paragraph 25: McEldowney's comics have often been described as sex-focused or as having more depiction of physical intimacy than typical newspaper comics. Washington Post writer Michael Cavna said that "we usually can rely on our cartoon coitus to be only implied... But cast our innocent eyes toward "9 Chickweed Lane"... and it's starting to get hot'n here." In other posts he said that McEldowney, "flat-out rejoices in drawing women's bodies" and that both of his comics were "putting the 'strip' in comic strip". Another Washington Post writer, Gene Wingarten, said about 9 Chickweed Lane, "I believe his audience gets him and what drives him: He is fascinated by sex, is mystified by, and in love with women, and finds the mating dance hilarious." On the sexual nature of the comic, Weingarten said, "As a cartoonist McEldowney learned long ago that he can get away with what others might not be able to because he is an elegant illustrator, because his female characters are strong and smart, and because most of them are not drawn to be ridiculous, cliched, cartoony unattainable physical types." The comic's "curious, sexually charged atmosphere" has sometimes led to complaints from readers. Critic Nathan Rabin said of 9 Chickweed Lane, "every comic strip seems to be exclusively about how unbelievably horny the men in the strip are for their impossibly willowy, leggy, ethereal partners and how equally horny the women are for their dorky yet erudite and urbane husbands... It feels like the only “gag” in 9 Chickweed Place is how unbelievably horny all the characters are for each other."

Paragraph 26: The focus of Wilson's attention in Fences is Troy, a 53-year-old working-class head of household who struggles with providing for his family. The play takes place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; although never officially named, it makes mention of several key locations in Pittsburgh. In his younger days, Troy was an excellent player in Negro league baseball and continued practicing baseball while serving time in prison for a murder he had committed during a robbery. Because the color barrier had not yet been broken in Major League Baseball, Troy was unable to get into the MLB to make good money or to save for the future. He now lives a menial, though respectable, blue-collar life of trash collecting; later in the play, he remarkably crosses the race barrier and becomes the first Black truck driver in Pittsburgh instead of just a barrel lifter.

Paragraph 27: The conservative Taft contended with major factional splits within his Republican Party. Instead of using his position as president to bridge compromise, Taft alienated the progressive wing of the party, which had championed his predecessor, Theodore Roosevelt. While conservatives controlled the largest number of elected positions for Republicans, progressive politics had been what brought many voters to the polls. The clash of these units of the Republican Party, combined with the message of unity from the Democratic Party, was enough to allow the Democrats to take control of the House, ending 16 years in opposition. This was the first time that the Socialist Party won a seat.