Paragraph 1: St John's Island served as a World War I and World War II internment camp. In August 1914, right after World War I began, most German men in Singapore were interned on St John's Island and Tanglin Barracks while women and children were detained in Kuala Lumpur. Enemy combatants were also imprisoned on the island, including the crew of  and the Greek collier , which was captured by the Germans. By 1916, a total of 296 enemy nationals had been transferred from St John's to Australia . During World War II (1939–1945), enemy foreign nationals—some of whom were fleeing Nazism—were interned at St John's Island in 1940. Of these, the Germans who were to be removed from the war were interned in Ceylon. As for the rest, some were deported to neutral grounds like Shanghai. Others were transported to Australia, including German-Jewish  and his family. Separately, the Japanese subsequently allied with the Germans and invaded Malaya. Shortly after, the Japanese women and children in Singapore were also interned on St John's Island from late 1941 to 1942 before being shipped to Calcutta. When the Japanese occupation of Malaya during World War II began, Allied prisoners of war were detained on St John's. 

Paragraph 2: After becoming a member of UEFA (see below), the GFA aimed to become a full FIFA member in time to participate in 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. On 26 September 2014, it was announced that Gibraltar's application for FIFA membership was denied, with president Sepp Blatter stating that Gibraltar is ineligible because it is not an independent country. This was despite FIFA at the time including 22 members that are not independent countries, including five in UEFA (Faroe Islands and the four Home Nations of the United Kingdom).  The Gibraltar Football Association then announced that it planned to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, the same process by which Gibraltar successfully gained UEFA membership in 2013. The CAS heard Gibraltar's case on 21 May 2015, at which time no time frame for a verdict was announced and further legal arguments would still be heard. It was expected that no decision would be reached before the FIFA congress coming the following week. A ruling was announced on 2 May 2016, nearly a year after the CAS heard Gibraltar's case. As part of the ruling, FIFA was ordered to transmit Gibraltar's application for membership to the FIFA congress which was set to take place the following week in Mexico City. Additionally, FIFA was ordered to take "all necessary steps to admit the Gibraltar Football Association as a full member of FIFA without delay." If the vote held at the congress was successful, it was believed that Gibraltar would be a last-minute addition to 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. In FIFA's official statement regarding the ruling, the organization said that it expected to discuss the matter at the upcoming congress and discuss a course of action, including potentially altering the congress agenda to submit Gibraltar's application for membership. On 13 May 2016, Gibraltar was accepted as a member of FIFA with a vote of 172 to 12 in favour. Gibraltar became FIFA's 211th member immediately after the Football Federation of Kosovo was voted member 210.

Paragraph 3: Lehane joined the writing staff of the HBO drama series The Wire for the third season in 2004. Lehane wrote the teleplay for the episode "Dead Soldiers" from a story by series creator and executive producer David Simon. Lehane made a cameo appearance in the third-season episode, "Middle Ground," as Sullivan, an officer in charge of special equipment. Lehane has commented that he was impressed by the show's creators (David Simon and Ed Burns) having such an ear for authentic street slang. Lehane returned as a writer for the fourth season in 2006 and wrote the teleplay for the episode "Refugees," from a story he co-wrote with producer Ed Burns. Lehane and the writing staff won the Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony and the 2007 Edgar Award for Best Television Feature/Mini-Series Teleplay for their work on the fourth season. Lehane served as a writer for the fifth and final season in 2008 and was credited with the episode "Clarifications". Lehane and the writing staff were nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series again at the February 2009 ceremony for their work on the fifth season but Mad Men won the award.

Paragraph 4: Knowing that there would be only three rehearsals, Stockhausen had deliberately written music that would be simple enough to be sight-read. However, he greatly overestimated the good will of the Bonn orchestra, which was unaccustomed to playing contemporary music. Rebellion erupted already during the rehearsals. The Bonn musicians, "sworn bravely and honestly to their good old classics" according to the City Manager Fritz Brüse, complained they could not understand such "complex playing instructions" as to play "glissandos no faster than one octave per minute". Interpreting a Stockhausen score was clearly too much to ask from these traditionally trained musicians, who "plainly had had no time since their conservatory days to learn anything more". Still, the musicians requested Stockhausen to come for a "teach-in" at their next rehearsal and explain what he had in mind. According to one news report Stockhausen, who was preparing for an upcoming four-day festival of his music in Lebanon, declined their request—a decision described by Wangenheim as "unwise". Stockhausen's own account conflicts with this report. He reported that he was in fact present at the first rehearsal, where there was a dispute between him and some of the musicians. One objected that, "If we are not playing on the stage, then we won't get any applause," and Stockhausen conceded that this might be true. The musician retorted: "Yes, but in that case we won't play. It's absolutely out of the question! We are supposed to play for four hours. You're really crazy—and we are supposed only to make some kind of finger exercises, slow glissandos that go on for over 20 minutes? We're not a bunch of Bozos! You would be better doing this over loudspeakers!" When he explained what he wanted was "music internally animated through the concentration of the musicians", it made no difference. "They thought I meant to spoof them, in that I had given them something so simple to play that it could easily be accomplished in three rehearsals. ... They didn't understand this, and they also didn't want it. They wanted to play a piece, maybe with ten rehearsals, seven minutes long—and then quit" Some orchestra members telephoned their union to find out whether they really were obliged to play such a thing, and learned they were. The concertmaster, Ernesto Mompaey, chose to ignore this union ruling and, complaining he felt "so spiritually tormented by Mssrs. Wangenheim and Stockhausen", threatened to murder the head conductor and walked out of the rehearsal, followed by some like-minded comrades.

Paragraph 5: Like Peugeot's earlier 205 T16, the mid-engine Lancia Delta S4 was a silhouette race car (for marketing purposes), and shared virtually nothing in terms of construction with the production front-engine Delta. The chassis was a tubular space frame construction much like the 037. It featured long travel double wishbone suspension front and rear, with a single large coil over at the front along with a separate spring and twin shock absorbers at the rear. The bodywork was made of a carbon fibre composite with front and rear bodywork fully detachable for fast replacement due to accident damage, allowing ease of access during on-event servicing. The bodywork featured several aerodynamic aids including bonnet opening behind the front-mounted water radiator with Gurney flap, front splitter and winglets moulded into the front bumper panel, flexible front skirt, and rear deck lid wing that featured both a full aerofoil wind section twinned with a deflection spoiler. The door construction style was brought from the 037 with a hollow shell all-Kevlar construction that had no inner door skin, no door handle or window winder. The door was opened with a small loop and the windows were fixed perspex with small sliding panels to allow ventilation and passing of time cards.

Paragraph 6: Lehane joined the writing staff of the HBO drama series The Wire for the third season in 2004. Lehane wrote the teleplay for the episode "Dead Soldiers" from a story by series creator and executive producer David Simon. Lehane made a cameo appearance in the third-season episode, "Middle Ground," as Sullivan, an officer in charge of special equipment. Lehane has commented that he was impressed by the show's creators (David Simon and Ed Burns) having such an ear for authentic street slang. Lehane returned as a writer for the fourth season in 2006 and wrote the teleplay for the episode "Refugees," from a story he co-wrote with producer Ed Burns. Lehane and the writing staff won the Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony and the 2007 Edgar Award for Best Television Feature/Mini-Series Teleplay for their work on the fourth season. Lehane served as a writer for the fifth and final season in 2008 and was credited with the episode "Clarifications". Lehane and the writing staff were nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series again at the February 2009 ceremony for their work on the fifth season but Mad Men won the award.

Paragraph 7: When director M. V. Raman was looking for a new face to cast in AVM Productions's Vazhkai, he saw Vyjayanthimala performing Bharata Natyam in Chennai's Gokhale Hall. He tried to convince her grandmother, who was apprehensive about Vyjayanthimala joining films as she felt her grand daughter was too young to act in the films and also it would come in the way of her education and dance. Vyjayanthimala played a college girl named Mohana Shivashankaralingam and acted along with senior actors S. V. Sahasranamam, M. S. Draupadi, T. R. Ramachandran and K. Sankarapani. The movie was a big success and was remade in Telugu after one year as Jeevitham with a slightly different cast, namely C. H. Narayana Rao, S. Varalakshmi and C. S. R. Anjaneyulu. This film enjoyed great success upon release. For the Telugu version, Vyjayanthimala did her own voice dubbing with a little assistance from her father who knew Telugu well and coached her during the filming process. Vyjayanthimala also did a guest appearance in the 1950 film Vijayakumari which had actress T. R. Rajakumari in a dual role. She danced for the song "laalu...laalu...laalu" which was choreographed by Vedantam Raghavayya. Though the film was not a commercial success, her western-style of dance became popular and was considered one of the major highlights of the film.The success of her Tamil film Vazhkai in South India inspired AVM Productions to remake it in Hindi as Bahar in 1951. In their first Hindi venture, they decided to cast Vyjayanthimala again in the lead role with Karan Dewan, Om Prakash and Pandari Bai (who was credited as Padmini in the film). She learned Hindi at the Hindi Prachar Sabha to dub her own voice for her character in the film. Upperstall.com in their review, wrote that "She does bring the film to life with her dances though, something which was new then for the North Indian audience". The film became sixth highest-grossing film of 1951 with a verdict of box office hit. After the success of her debut films in all three languages, Vyjayanthimala again acted in a multilingual film which was produced by Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar of AVM Productions. The first version was in Tamil as Penn where she co-starred with actor Gemini Ganesan, S. Balachander and Anjali Devi. "Kalyanam...venum" sung by J. P. Chandrababu for Balachander became an instant hit. The second version was in Telugu titled Sangham which was released in the same year with N. T. Rama Rao, Vyjayanthimala, S. Balachandran and Anjali Devi in the lead. The Tamil and the Telugu films were big successes across South India. The film was once again remade in Hindi as Ladki starring Kishore Kumar and Bharat Bhushan, while Vyjayanthimala, along with Anjali Devi, reprised her role from the original film. Her performance was described by Upperstall.com as, "Vyjayanthimala's dances are the film's saving grace although it is unintentionally funny now to see how deliberate and obviously tacky the sequences are which lead into her dances... Ladki too makes no real demands on "feminist" tomboy Vyjayanthimala histrionically". The movie became second highest-grossing film of 1953.

Paragraph 8: in 1906 and to ask for separate electorates for Muslims. In conjunction, they demanded proportional legislative representation reflecting both their status as former rulers and their record of cooperating with the British. This led, in December 1906, to the founding of the All-India Muslim League in Dacca. Although Curzon, by now, had resigned his position over a dispute with his military chief Lord Kitchener and returned to England, the League was in favour of his partition plan. The Muslim elite's position, which was reflected in the League's position, had crystallized gradually over the previous three decades, beginning with the revelations of the Census of British India in 1871, which had for the first time estimated the populations in regions of the Muslim majority. (For his part, Curzon's desire to court the Muslims of East Bengal had arisen from British anxieties ever since the 1871 census—and in light of the history of Muslims fighting them in the 1857 Mutiny and the Second Anglo-Afghan War—about Indian Muslims rebelling against the Crown.) In the three decades since, Muslim leaders across northern India, had intermittently experienced public animosity from some of the new Hindu political and social groups. The Arya Samaj, for example, had not only supported Cow Protection Societies in their agitation, but also—distraught at the 1871 Census's Muslim numbers—organized "reconversion" events for the purpose of welcoming Muslims back to the Hindu fold. In 1905, when Tilak and Lajpat Rai attempted to rise to leadership positions in the Congress, and the Congress itself rallied around the symbolism of Kali, Muslim fears increased. It was not lost on many Muslims, for example, that the rallying cry, "Bande Mataram," had first appeared in the novel Anand Math in which Hindus had battled their Muslim oppressors. Lastly, the Muslim elite, and among it Dacca Nawab, Khwaja Salimullah, who hosted the League's first meeting in his mansion in Shahbag, was aware that a new province with a Muslim majority would directly benefit Muslims aspiring to political power.

Paragraph 9: Krisa informed his friend that Parikshit, the son of Abhimanyu, who was on a hunting expedition in the forest had perpetrated this act. Hearing this Sringin cursed that Parikshit would die of snake bite inflicted by the chief of snakes, Takshaka, within seven nights. He then informed his ascetic father of the curse that he had given to Parikshit. The sage, Samika, was displeased with the curse and told his son Sringin that it was improper to curse a noble king who was the protector of all, particularly when the king had acted out of impulse as he was thirsty and was seeking water from him. But his son stood by his curse. However, sage Samika sent one of his disciples, Gaurmukha, to inform the king Parikhsit of the curse of his son, though he himself was opposed to it. Parikhsit became repentant for his act of hurting the sentiments of a noble sage but was not disturbed to hear about his death by snakebite. The king then took all protective action to save himself of any snake bite and in consultation with his ministers securely confined himself. On the seventh day, when the chief of snakes Takshaka was going towards Hastinapur to kill Parikshit, the learned sage Kashyapa who had heard the story of the curse on the king was also on his way to save the king of the snakebite. Takshaka met him on the way and told him that nothing could prevent him in killing the king and that no body could even save him. He then challenged Kashyapa by totally burning a banyan tree to ashes with his poison and asking the sage to revive it. Kashyapa revived the tree and Takshaka realised that Kashyapa could be lured by riches of gold and other gifts. Kashyapa by his deep thoughts also perceived that Parikshit's life span had come to an end and that he would not live further. He then accepted the gifts offered by Takshaka and went away. Then Takshaka went to Hastinapur in the disguise of a Brahmin and realising that the king was protected by spells, decided to approach the king by deceit. He sent an emissary with a plate of fruits, Kusa grass and water to be offered to the king which was accepted by the king. As the evening sun had set on the seventh day, the king decided to eat the fruit thinking that his hour of death was stalled. He found an insect in the fruit and picked it up and placed it on his neck saying that if it was Takshaka the snake let it bite him. It was truly Takshaka in the disguise of an insect who then appeared in his true form, coiled himself around the neck of the king, bit the king and killed him.

Paragraph 10: In 1500 BCE the area that is now known primarily as Catalonia was, along with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula, inhabited by Proto-Celtic Urnfield people who brought with them the rite of burning the dead. Much of the Pyrenees mountains was inhabited at the time by peoples related to modern Basques, and today many town names in the western Catalan Pyrenees can be linked to Basque etymologies. These groups came under the rule of various invading groups starting with the Greeks that founded Empúries and the Phoenicians and Carthaginians, who set up colonies along the coast, including Barcino (present-day Barcelona). Following the Punic Wars, the Romans replaced the Carthaginians as the dominant power in the Iberian eastern coast, including parts of Catalonia, by 206 BCE. Rome established Latin as the official language and imparted a distinctly Roman culture upon the local population, which merged with Roman colonists from the Italian peninsula. An early precursor to the Catalan language began to develop from a local form of popular Latin before and during the collapse of the Roman Empire. Various Germanic tribes arrived following nearly six centuries of Roman rule, which had completely transformed the area into the Roman province of Tarraconensis. The German Visigoths established themselves in the fifth century, making their first capital in the Iberian peninsula Barcelona, and they later would move to Toledo. This continued until 718 when Muslim Arabs took control of the region in order to pass through the Pyrenees into French territory. With the help of the Franks, a land border was created commonly known nowadays as Old Catalonia (which would consist of the counties County of Barcelona, Ausona, County of Pallars, County of Rosselló, County of Empúries, County of Cerdanya and County of Urgell) which faced Muslim raids but resisted any kind of settlement from them. "New Catalonia" and its Native peoples were fully in control of the Arab invaders for around a century. The Franks on the other side of the Pyrenees held back the main Muslim raiding army which had penetrated virtually unchallenged as far as central France at the Battle of Tours in 732. Frankish suzerainty was then extended over much of present-day Catalonia. Larger wars with the Muslims began in the March of Barcelona which led to the beginnings of the Reconquista by Catalan forces over most of Catalonia by the year 801. As the border between Muslim and Frankish realms stabilized, Barcelona would become an important center for Christian forces in the Iberian Peninsula.

Paragraph 11: In 1928, Hall starred on Broadway with Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Tim Moore and Aida Ward in Blackbirds of 1928. The show became the most successful all-black show ever staged on Broadway at that time and made Hall and Bojangles into household names. Blackbirds of 1928 was the idea of impresario Lew Leslie, who planned to build the show around Florence Mills in New York after her success in the hit London show Blackbirds but Mills died of pneumonia in 1927 before rehearsals commenced. Hall was chosen to replace her. The revue opened at Les Ambassadeurs Club in New York in January 1928, under the name Blackbird Revue, but it was renamed Blackbirds of 1928 and in May 1928 transferred to Broadway's Liberty Theatre, where it ran for 518 performances. After a slow start, the show became the hit of the season. Hall's performance of "Diga Diga Do", created a sensation. Her mother was so incensed when she went to see the show by her daughter performing what she termed 'risqué dance moves', she tried to stop the show during Hall's performance and banned her from appearing in any future performances. The ban only remained for one performance, and Hall returned triumphantly to her role the following day. It was reported in the press of the day that the show's producer Lew Leslie was so concerned about race violence connected with the controversy surrounding Hall's performance that he took out a hefty insurance policy to cover the cast; the most heavily insured were the principals, Hall and "Bojangles" Robinson. It was this musical that not only secured Hall's success in the USA but also in Europe when the production was taken in 1929 to Paris, France, where it ran for four months at the Moulin Rouge. When Adelaide Hall arrived in Paris from America at the Gare Saint-Lazare she was greeted by a reception of fans and reporters that was reported to be as large as the reception Charlie Chaplin had received two years earlier when he visited Paris. The French artist Paul Colin illustrated several posters to advertise Blackbirds run at the Moulin Rouge including one entitled "Le Tumulte Noir – Dancer in Magenta" that captures Hall's performance beautifully, as she is dancing and waving her arms about. An original vintage poster of Hall by Paul Colin advertising Blackbirds at the Moulin Rouge sold on 2 October 2003 at Swann Auction Galleries in New York for $167,500. In Europe, Hall rivalled Josephine Baker for popularity on the European stage.

Paragraph 12: During a shooting between Joe Roscoe (Ayden Callaghan), Mercedes, Trevor, Grace Black (Tamara Wall), Freddie, Lindsey, Lindsey's sister Kim Butterfield (Daisy Wood-Davis) and Darren Osborne (Ashley Taylor Dawson), Joe tries to shoot Freddie and Lindsey but Mercedes pushes him and nobody appears to be injured. However, it is later revealed that Phoebe has been shot while working late in the garage and the bullet travelled through the window and shot her. She is rushed to hospital the following day after being discovered by Mercedes, Darren and Patrick, and the McQueens are told that Phoebe may make a full recovery, or she may never wake up. After remaining in a coma for several weeks Lindsey tells the McQueens that Phoebe's organs are shutting down. John Paul McQueen (James Sutton) visits Robbie in prison and tells him about Phoebe. He asks him to talk into a phone so that he can play it for Phoebe in the hope hearing his voice may wake her up. After listening to the recording Phoebe becomes worse but Dr. Charles S'avage (Andrew Greenough) gives the McQueens a lifeline by telling them there is an operation Phoebe could have on her brain but the surgery may kill her. The McQueens eventually agree to the operation but Robbie arrives at the hospital, having got out of prison and on finding out about the operation barricades himself in Phoebe's room, refusing to let them operate on Phoebe. Joe and Freddie talk Robbie down and Phoebe goes for the surgery. Phoebe survives the surgery and becomes conscious and she talks to the McQueens. After they leave Robbie rushes into her room and Phoebe tells him Grace shot her. Robbie traps and attacks Grace in the garage ready to take revenge on her but Joe reveals that he shot Phoebe by accident. Robbie rushes back to the hospital and he asks Phoebe to marry him. Phoebe initially refuses but she eventually agrees and Robbie leaves to get cleaned up. Outside, Tegan Lomax (Jessica Ellis) wants to take a break and asks Kim to cover for her in performing vital checks on Phoebe. Shortly after, an unknown figure enters Phoebe's room. Assuming it is time for her medicine, Phoebe allows the culprit to pour a large dose of potassium chloride in her medical drip. The person leaves and Robbie finds Phoebe going into cardiac arrest and gets help, but the crash team fail to resuscitate her, and she is pronounced dead on the scene. Robbie is deeply upset and shocked no one was there to resuscitate her. An investigation was later launched into Phoebe's death and she was ruled to have died of natural causes, although Tegan was suspended when it emerged that she failed to conduct the right checks on Phoebe. Lindsey was later revealed to have killed Phoebe.

Paragraph 13: After becoming a member of UEFA (see below), the GFA aimed to become a full FIFA member in time to participate in 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. On 26 September 2014, it was announced that Gibraltar's application for FIFA membership was denied, with president Sepp Blatter stating that Gibraltar is ineligible because it is not an independent country. This was despite FIFA at the time including 22 members that are not independent countries, including five in UEFA (Faroe Islands and the four Home Nations of the United Kingdom).  The Gibraltar Football Association then announced that it planned to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, the same process by which Gibraltar successfully gained UEFA membership in 2013. The CAS heard Gibraltar's case on 21 May 2015, at which time no time frame for a verdict was announced and further legal arguments would still be heard. It was expected that no decision would be reached before the FIFA congress coming the following week. A ruling was announced on 2 May 2016, nearly a year after the CAS heard Gibraltar's case. As part of the ruling, FIFA was ordered to transmit Gibraltar's application for membership to the FIFA congress which was set to take place the following week in Mexico City. Additionally, FIFA was ordered to take "all necessary steps to admit the Gibraltar Football Association as a full member of FIFA without delay." If the vote held at the congress was successful, it was believed that Gibraltar would be a last-minute addition to 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. In FIFA's official statement regarding the ruling, the organization said that it expected to discuss the matter at the upcoming congress and discuss a course of action, including potentially altering the congress agenda to submit Gibraltar's application for membership. On 13 May 2016, Gibraltar was accepted as a member of FIFA with a vote of 172 to 12 in favour. Gibraltar became FIFA's 211th member immediately after the Football Federation of Kosovo was voted member 210.

Paragraph 14: St John's Island served as a World War I and World War II internment camp. In August 1914, right after World War I began, most German men in Singapore were interned on St John's Island and Tanglin Barracks while women and children were detained in Kuala Lumpur. Enemy combatants were also imprisoned on the island, including the crew of  and the Greek collier , which was captured by the Germans. By 1916, a total of 296 enemy nationals had been transferred from St John's to Australia . During World War II (1939–1945), enemy foreign nationals—some of whom were fleeing Nazism—were interned at St John's Island in 1940. Of these, the Germans who were to be removed from the war were interned in Ceylon. As for the rest, some were deported to neutral grounds like Shanghai. Others were transported to Australia, including German-Jewish  and his family. Separately, the Japanese subsequently allied with the Germans and invaded Malaya. Shortly after, the Japanese women and children in Singapore were also interned on St John's Island from late 1941 to 1942 before being shipped to Calcutta. When the Japanese occupation of Malaya during World War II began, Allied prisoners of war were detained on St John's. 

Paragraph 15: Lehane joined the writing staff of the HBO drama series The Wire for the third season in 2004. Lehane wrote the teleplay for the episode "Dead Soldiers" from a story by series creator and executive producer David Simon. Lehane made a cameo appearance in the third-season episode, "Middle Ground," as Sullivan, an officer in charge of special equipment. Lehane has commented that he was impressed by the show's creators (David Simon and Ed Burns) having such an ear for authentic street slang. Lehane returned as a writer for the fourth season in 2006 and wrote the teleplay for the episode "Refugees," from a story he co-wrote with producer Ed Burns. Lehane and the writing staff won the Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony and the 2007 Edgar Award for Best Television Feature/Mini-Series Teleplay for their work on the fourth season. Lehane served as a writer for the fifth and final season in 2008 and was credited with the episode "Clarifications". Lehane and the writing staff were nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series again at the February 2009 ceremony for their work on the fifth season but Mad Men won the award.

Paragraph 16: It is a tree reaching 8 meters in height. The young, yellow to brown branches are very densely hairy, but become hairless with maturity. Its elliptical, papery to slightly leathery leaves are 8.5-17.5 by 3–6.5 centimeters. The leaves have wedge-shaped to rounded bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 3-14 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless except for the midribs which are slightly hairy on their upper side and very densely hairy on their underside. The leaves have 10-16 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its very densely hairy petioles are 3-8 by 1–2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has up to 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 10-25 by 0.6-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 1-2 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 free, triangular sepals, that are 2–3.5 by 3-3.5 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The pink, egg-shaped to elliptical, outer petals are 3.5-7 by 3–5.5 millimeters with hairless upper and very densely hairy lower surfaces. The pink, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 7-9 millimeter long claw at their base and a 12-13 by 5.5-9 millimeter blade. The inner petals have pointed bases and tips. The inner petals are sparsely hairy on their upper surfaces and densely hairy on lower surfaces. The male flowers have up to 103-111 stamens that are 1.2-1.4 by 0.5-0.7 millimeters. The female flowers have up to 24 carpels that are 1.8-2.1 by 0.7-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 3-4 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have up to 14 sterile stamen. The fruit occur in clusters of 12-22 that are organized on indistinct peduncles. The fruit are attached by densely hairy pedicles that are 16-26 by 1–2.5 millimeters. The green, globe-shaped fruit are 7-14 by 5-13 millimeters. The fruit have a 0.1-0.7 pointed tip. The fruit are smooth, and densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 3 hemispherical to lens-shaped, wrinkly seeds that are 8-9 by 6.5-8 by 4-6 millimeters. Each seed has a 1-1.2 by 0.6-0.8 millimeter elliptical hilum. The seeds are arranged in two rows in the fruit.

Paragraph 17: In 1933, Phelan succeeded Farley, who resigned from the board to become United States Postmaster General, as chairman of the New York State Athletic Commission. In 1934, Phelan reversed the decision of the Tony Canzoneri–Cleto Locatelli bout after he discovered the ring announcer had misread one of the judge's ballots. In 1935, Phelan and fellow commissioner Bill Brown ordered a reversal of the decision in the Vince Dundee–Eddie Risko fight. The fight was originally declared a victory for Sisko, with Judge Sidney Scharlin and referee Jed Gahan voting in favor of Sisko and the other judge, Jack Britton, voting in favor of Dundee. Phelan, who was sitting at ringside, immediately performed an inspection of the ballots and found that Britton gave seven to Dundee and three to Risko and Scharlin scored five rounds for Dundee with four to Risko. Phelan, Brown, and Scharlin conferred and the decision was reversed in favor of Dundee. In 1936, Phelan and Brown voted to cancel a bout between Hank Bath and Red Burman after they received a telegram from the secretary of the California State Athletic Commission reporting that two of Bath's fights in that state were "questionable". That same year, Phelan was able to convince Mike Jacobs to hold the Joe Louis vs. Max Schmeling fight in New York City. In 1937 the commission fined Joe Gould and James J. Braddock $1,000 for canceling Braddock's scheduled fight with Max Schmeling. In February 1938, the commission suspended the licenses of manager Joe Jacobs and boxer Tony Galento for Galento's failure to fight Harry Thomas. Galento's license was restored within a few months, however the commission refused to license Jacobs for the Louis-Schmeling rematch later that year. At the 1938 convention of the International Boxing Federation, Phelan was instrumental in defeating a proposal that would require all championships to have the approval of a special committee on which Americans would have minority representation. In 1939 he and Brown sued boxing promoter James J. Johnston for libel over Johnston's allegations that the two commissioners had a financial interest in the Twentieth Century Sporting Club. The suit ended when Johnston made a statement denying that he had used the word "financial" and added that he never meant to accuse Phelan and Brown of "malfeasance or misfeasance of any kind". Following Joe Louis's knockout victory over Billy Conn, Phelan undertook a search for the judge's ballots, which had gone missing after the fight. On June 20, 1941, Phelan announced that he had founded the ballots and that they showed the Conn had been ahead on points prior to being knocked out. Due to a shortage of boxers during World War II, Phelan recommended lowering the minimum age for boxers to 16.

Paragraph 18: in 1906 and to ask for separate electorates for Muslims. In conjunction, they demanded proportional legislative representation reflecting both their status as former rulers and their record of cooperating with the British. This led, in December 1906, to the founding of the All-India Muslim League in Dacca. Although Curzon, by now, had resigned his position over a dispute with his military chief Lord Kitchener and returned to England, the League was in favour of his partition plan. The Muslim elite's position, which was reflected in the League's position, had crystallized gradually over the previous three decades, beginning with the revelations of the Census of British India in 1871, which had for the first time estimated the populations in regions of the Muslim majority. (For his part, Curzon's desire to court the Muslims of East Bengal had arisen from British anxieties ever since the 1871 census—and in light of the history of Muslims fighting them in the 1857 Mutiny and the Second Anglo-Afghan War—about Indian Muslims rebelling against the Crown.) In the three decades since, Muslim leaders across northern India, had intermittently experienced public animosity from some of the new Hindu political and social groups. The Arya Samaj, for example, had not only supported Cow Protection Societies in their agitation, but also—distraught at the 1871 Census's Muslim numbers—organized "reconversion" events for the purpose of welcoming Muslims back to the Hindu fold. In 1905, when Tilak and Lajpat Rai attempted to rise to leadership positions in the Congress, and the Congress itself rallied around the symbolism of Kali, Muslim fears increased. It was not lost on many Muslims, for example, that the rallying cry, "Bande Mataram," had first appeared in the novel Anand Math in which Hindus had battled their Muslim oppressors. Lastly, the Muslim elite, and among it Dacca Nawab, Khwaja Salimullah, who hosted the League's first meeting in his mansion in Shahbag, was aware that a new province with a Muslim majority would directly benefit Muslims aspiring to political power.

Paragraph 19: With Kevin Cecil, his friend since they attended Aylesbury Grammar School, he created and wrote the sitcoms Year of the Rabbit for Channel 4 and IFC, The Great Outdoors for BBC Four, Hyperdrive for BBC Two and Slacker Cats for the ABC Family Channel. Their other television work includes Veep (for which they each won an Emmy in 2015 in the Outstanding Comedy Series category), Black Books, the Comic Relief one-off special Robbie the Reindeer, for which he and Cecil won a BAFTA in 2000, Little Britain, Tracey Ullman's Show, Trigger Happy TV, So Graham Norton, Smack the Pony, The Armando Iannucci Shows, Harry and Paul, Big Bad World, Come Fly With Me, and Spitting Image. The Radio Four panel game they wrote with Jon Holmes and Tony Roche,  The 99p Challenge, ran for five series from 2000.

Paragraph 20: One week after falling in Norman, and almost a year to the day after the Bears' BCS-shaking first victory against Oklahoma, the Bears again took on a top 5 opponent in Waco.  This time the opponent was 10–0 Kansas State, ranked #1 in the BCS after an Alabama loss the previous week and clear favorites in their final two games of the year, at Baylor and vs. Texas.  As so often during the season, the quick-strike Baylor offense put the Bears ahead early on a 38-yard Florence pass to Tevin Reese.  Kansas State answered when then-Heisman favorite Collin Klein completed a touchdown pass to tie the game 7–7.  Baylor subsequently put up 21 unanswered points to go ahead 28–7 before the Wildcats managed 10 more points in the final two minutes of the first half.  In the third quarter, Baylor put up another touchdown (a 4-yard Glasco Martin IV rush) and forced a Kansas State punt that pinned Baylor on their own 1-yard line.  Two plays later, Florence attempted a quick pass to Terrance Williams that was intercepted on the 2-yard line, setting up a Collin Klein touchdown rush that made the score 35–24 in Baylor's favor.  The Bears went on to rack up 17 more points in the third quarter, the last touchdown coming on an 80-yard Lache Seastrunk rush after Joe Williams intercepted Klein in the endzone (the third of Klein's three interceptions on the night).  With 58 seconds remaining in the third quarter following Seastrunk's touchdown, Kansas State embarked upon an 8-minute, 21 play, 74-yard drive that brought the Wildcats to first-and-goal from the Baylor 6-yard line.  An inspired Baylor defense turned in the goal-line stand of their season, halting four straight Collin Klein rushes and forcing a turnover on downs.  Baylor would subsequently almost completely run down the clock, picking up 4 first downs on 10 straight rushes before punting the ball back to Kansas State with only 32 seconds left in the game.  The victory was Baylor's first ever over a #1 ranked opponent (the 1956 team defeated #2 Tennessee in the 1957 Sugar Bowl, and the 1941 team tied #1 Texas) and represented only the fifth time in the BCS era that the #1 ranked team lost to an unranked opponent.  The win took Baylor to 5–5 on the season, needing one more victory for bowl eligibility.

Paragraph 21: "Dumdi Dumdi" was met with generally positive reviews from music critics. Jeff Benjamin writing for Forbes wrote that the song is flirty and fun cut boasting booming percussion, and praised Soyeon for trying out vocal manipulation effects while "simultaneously spitting some of her fastest rhymes to date on the second verse." Brianne Constantino from Myx describe the song as "fun and energetic". One Music PH, a Filipino online music hub owned by ABS-CBN Corporation called the song "an unpredictable and undeniable genre-breaking anthem." In his review for the Clash, Robin Murray described "Dumdi Dumdi" as "immaculate pop banger that walks in its own lane." Journalist C.A. from UdoU PH, regarded the track as "flaunts the boundaries between K-pop’s tropical house and sunkissed island that gives way to a bright refrain" and further added, "all six members flex their signature styles on this addictive bop." Lee Nam-kyung of the MBN Star wrote that "retro concept and summer song are popular in the music industry recently, however, in this comeback, it was refreshing and strong with a vintage feel, and it was also possible to feel a lively and fresh charm that not only snipes the hearts of fans, but also makes the ears easy to listen. In addition, the part where the vocals hum "Dumdi Dumdi", I  could humming just by listening to the melody and lyrics." He concluded positively that "(G)I-dle were able to highlight their own summer in their hip and unique charm, and show the aspect of a concept craftsman that fits the trend." IZM writer Son Kiho opined "the song expresses youthful passion by borrowing the heat of summer, emphasizing the refreshing feeling with the sound of the waves, voice samples, and the moombahton rhythm with a cheerful percussion on the front. Each element of the arrangement faithfully captures the sense of the season by adding the whistle of the chorus, but it is somewhat familiar. The aim of the summer song dilutes the attractiveness of (G)I-dle, who broke away from the existing formula and raised momentum with an independent move, and left a distinctive result as the weight was removed for a more friendly approach." Jason Lipshutz of Billboard deemed the song "have the potential for a successful viral trend – that hook sounds designed to thrive on TikTok". Hong Seon-hwa from Biz Entertainment wrote in his article that (G)I-dle "carried on the legacy of summer songs".

Paragraph 22: The controls in the Model AA are entirely mechanical, except the windshield wipers in later models. The brakes are mechanical and the truck has four oversized drum brakes to stop the vehicle. The mechanical system is a pull lever system that applies the force from the pedal to a pivot that pulls the brake rods that expand the brakes in the drums. The brake light is activated when the brake pedal is pushed. The brakes are proportioned more toward the rear drums. The parking brake is a chrome lever on the floor with a release button on the top. The windshield wipers started as hand operated and later models were powered by vacuum diverted from the intake manifold. The horn button is mounted in the middle of the steering wheel assembly. Controls for the lights are also incorporated into the steering assembly. The switch was a three-stop switch for parking lights, headlights and high-beams. The tail-light lens colors on the AA underwent several changes during the production run. Two levers are mounted on the steering column to adjust the engine. The left lever controls the manual advance and retard of the timing. Adjusting the timing of the engine changes the time that a spark will occur in the combustion chamber and those changes affect the performance of the engine. The right lever is a manual control for the throttle. The throttle can be adjusted to ease the shifting of the transmission and the idling speed of the engine. Underneath the dash on the right side is the choke rod. The choke can adjust the flow of fuel from the carburetor into the engine. Turning the knob on the choke rod clockwise closes the fuel flow, leaning out the engine; turning the knob counterclockwise opens the fuel flow to the engine.

Paragraph 23: On 15 June 2011, the Vancouver Canucks were in the final game of the Stanley Cup playoffs. Over 100,000 people had gathered in the Downtown core to watch the game on large outdoor screens. Around 8 p.m., the game was nearing the end with Canucks losing by several points and, at that moment, the crowd started to become unruly. Families decided to leave before the game was over and headed out of the Downtown core. Police officers staged near the CBC live site at Georgia and Cambie moved into a large crowd of fans when they started throwing objects at the large screen. The crowd at the CBC live site preceded to flip over a pickup truck outside the Canada Post building and light it ablaze. Police offices formed a circle around the burning truck and cleared a path for Engine 8 to bring in a Supply line and crew. Engine 8's crew were able to knock down the fire but were forced to leave the area as the crowd started throwing objects at police officers. The Emergency Operations Centre was activated and police teams were sent to various intersections to form up and don riot gear. Multiple fire apparatus were sent to key locations and were told to stage and remain visible in case people required medical treatment or had information to report. Around 8:30 p.m., violence spilled into other areas of the Downtown core resulting in fights, rubbish fires and burning vehicles. Fire crews were unable to reach some of the injured as violent crowds continued with destruction and mayhem. Orders were given at 9 p.m. for all staged apparatus to return to quarters and wait for further instructions due to the fact at the time Vancouver Police was deploying crowd control officers armed with tear gas and flash grenades. Dozens of 911 calls were being made from the Downtown core, reporting various incidents such as fires and medical events; however, these incidents could not be confirmed without an apparatus being dispatched to the scene. Crews were sent to investigate the incidents while remaining in constant communication with the Emergency Operations Centre. At around 10 p.m., a call came in reporting a fire inside a parking structure at Seymour and W Georgia, which sent a full alarm assignment, including Ladder 7 which had just wrapped up an investigation of a possible person that had been severely beaten. Ladder 7 reported Georgia Street being as being completely impassable and informed dispatch that any crews responding to an incident on that street would have to walk into that crowd. Upon arrival at the parking structure, Engine 7 found a fully involved vehicle on fire with several other vehicles burning. Battalion 1 went inside the parking structure and found people on the roof and determined that they were not willing to come down. Dispatch advised crews that a police line was headed in their direction to control the violent crowd outside the parking structure. Reports later came in of 2 vehicles burning on Granville Street in front of the Hudson's Bay department store, which was confirmed by a police helicopter. Engine 7 and Quint 6 were sent into the area, but there was nothing that could be done as people were jumping through the flames and were smashing store front windows. Vancouver police sent a tactical squad to the location of the fire and quickly cleared the street using tear gas and rubber bullets, which allowed fire crews to knock the fire, which was close to setting the building alight, down. It took only 3 hours for police and emergency personal to bring the situation under control; a full review of the incident was conducted by the provincial government.

Paragraph 24: One week after falling in Norman, and almost a year to the day after the Bears' BCS-shaking first victory against Oklahoma, the Bears again took on a top 5 opponent in Waco.  This time the opponent was 10–0 Kansas State, ranked #1 in the BCS after an Alabama loss the previous week and clear favorites in their final two games of the year, at Baylor and vs. Texas.  As so often during the season, the quick-strike Baylor offense put the Bears ahead early on a 38-yard Florence pass to Tevin Reese.  Kansas State answered when then-Heisman favorite Collin Klein completed a touchdown pass to tie the game 7–7.  Baylor subsequently put up 21 unanswered points to go ahead 28–7 before the Wildcats managed 10 more points in the final two minutes of the first half.  In the third quarter, Baylor put up another touchdown (a 4-yard Glasco Martin IV rush) and forced a Kansas State punt that pinned Baylor on their own 1-yard line.  Two plays later, Florence attempted a quick pass to Terrance Williams that was intercepted on the 2-yard line, setting up a Collin Klein touchdown rush that made the score 35–24 in Baylor's favor.  The Bears went on to rack up 17 more points in the third quarter, the last touchdown coming on an 80-yard Lache Seastrunk rush after Joe Williams intercepted Klein in the endzone (the third of Klein's three interceptions on the night).  With 58 seconds remaining in the third quarter following Seastrunk's touchdown, Kansas State embarked upon an 8-minute, 21 play, 74-yard drive that brought the Wildcats to first-and-goal from the Baylor 6-yard line.  An inspired Baylor defense turned in the goal-line stand of their season, halting four straight Collin Klein rushes and forcing a turnover on downs.  Baylor would subsequently almost completely run down the clock, picking up 4 first downs on 10 straight rushes before punting the ball back to Kansas State with only 32 seconds left in the game.  The victory was Baylor's first ever over a #1 ranked opponent (the 1956 team defeated #2 Tennessee in the 1957 Sugar Bowl, and the 1941 team tied #1 Texas) and represented only the fifth time in the BCS era that the #1 ranked team lost to an unranked opponent.  The win took Baylor to 5–5 on the season, needing one more victory for bowl eligibility.

Paragraph 25: It is a tree reaching 8 meters in height. The young, yellow to brown branches are very densely hairy, but become hairless with maturity. Its elliptical, papery to slightly leathery leaves are 8.5-17.5 by 3–6.5 centimeters. The leaves have wedge-shaped to rounded bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 3-14 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless except for the midribs which are slightly hairy on their upper side and very densely hairy on their underside. The leaves have 10-16 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its very densely hairy petioles are 3-8 by 1–2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has up to 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 10-25 by 0.6-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 1-2 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 free, triangular sepals, that are 2–3.5 by 3-3.5 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The pink, egg-shaped to elliptical, outer petals are 3.5-7 by 3–5.5 millimeters with hairless upper and very densely hairy lower surfaces. The pink, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 7-9 millimeter long claw at their base and a 12-13 by 5.5-9 millimeter blade. The inner petals have pointed bases and tips. The inner petals are sparsely hairy on their upper surfaces and densely hairy on lower surfaces. The male flowers have up to 103-111 stamens that are 1.2-1.4 by 0.5-0.7 millimeters. The female flowers have up to 24 carpels that are 1.8-2.1 by 0.7-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 3-4 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have up to 14 sterile stamen. The fruit occur in clusters of 12-22 that are organized on indistinct peduncles. The fruit are attached by densely hairy pedicles that are 16-26 by 1–2.5 millimeters. The green, globe-shaped fruit are 7-14 by 5-13 millimeters. The fruit have a 0.1-0.7 pointed tip. The fruit are smooth, and densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 3 hemispherical to lens-shaped, wrinkly seeds that are 8-9 by 6.5-8 by 4-6 millimeters. Each seed has a 1-1.2 by 0.6-0.8 millimeter elliptical hilum. The seeds are arranged in two rows in the fruit.

Paragraph 26: Diamond turning is turning using a cutting tool with a diamond tip. It is a process of mechanical machining of precision elements using lathes or derivative machine tools (e.g., turn-mills, rotary transfers) equipped with natural or synthetic diamond-tipped tool bits. The term single-point diamond turning (SPDT) is sometimes applied, although as with other lathe work, the "single-point" label is sometimes only nominal (radiused tool noses and contoured form tools being options). The process of diamond turning is widely used to manufacture high-quality aspheric optical elements from crystals, metals, acrylic, and other materials. Plastic optics are frequently molded using diamond turned mold inserts. Optical elements produced by the means of diamond turning are used in optical assemblies in telescopes, video projectors, missile guidance systems, lasers, scientific research instruments, and numerous other systems and devices. Most SPDT today is done with computer numerical control (CNC) machine tools. Diamonds also serve in other machining processes, such as milling, grinding, and honing. Diamond turned surfaces have a high specular brightness and require no additional polishing or buffing, unlike other conventionally machined surfaces.

Paragraph 27: The controls in the Model AA are entirely mechanical, except the windshield wipers in later models. The brakes are mechanical and the truck has four oversized drum brakes to stop the vehicle. The mechanical system is a pull lever system that applies the force from the pedal to a pivot that pulls the brake rods that expand the brakes in the drums. The brake light is activated when the brake pedal is pushed. The brakes are proportioned more toward the rear drums. The parking brake is a chrome lever on the floor with a release button on the top. The windshield wipers started as hand operated and later models were powered by vacuum diverted from the intake manifold. The horn button is mounted in the middle of the steering wheel assembly. Controls for the lights are also incorporated into the steering assembly. The switch was a three-stop switch for parking lights, headlights and high-beams. The tail-light lens colors on the AA underwent several changes during the production run. Two levers are mounted on the steering column to adjust the engine. The left lever controls the manual advance and retard of the timing. Adjusting the timing of the engine changes the time that a spark will occur in the combustion chamber and those changes affect the performance of the engine. The right lever is a manual control for the throttle. The throttle can be adjusted to ease the shifting of the transmission and the idling speed of the engine. Underneath the dash on the right side is the choke rod. The choke can adjust the flow of fuel from the carburetor into the engine. Turning the knob on the choke rod clockwise closes the fuel flow, leaning out the engine; turning the knob counterclockwise opens the fuel flow to the engine.

Paragraph 28: One week after falling in Norman, and almost a year to the day after the Bears' BCS-shaking first victory against Oklahoma, the Bears again took on a top 5 opponent in Waco.  This time the opponent was 10–0 Kansas State, ranked #1 in the BCS after an Alabama loss the previous week and clear favorites in their final two games of the year, at Baylor and vs. Texas.  As so often during the season, the quick-strike Baylor offense put the Bears ahead early on a 38-yard Florence pass to Tevin Reese.  Kansas State answered when then-Heisman favorite Collin Klein completed a touchdown pass to tie the game 7–7.  Baylor subsequently put up 21 unanswered points to go ahead 28–7 before the Wildcats managed 10 more points in the final two minutes of the first half.  In the third quarter, Baylor put up another touchdown (a 4-yard Glasco Martin IV rush) and forced a Kansas State punt that pinned Baylor on their own 1-yard line.  Two plays later, Florence attempted a quick pass to Terrance Williams that was intercepted on the 2-yard line, setting up a Collin Klein touchdown rush that made the score 35–24 in Baylor's favor.  The Bears went on to rack up 17 more points in the third quarter, the last touchdown coming on an 80-yard Lache Seastrunk rush after Joe Williams intercepted Klein in the endzone (the third of Klein's three interceptions on the night).  With 58 seconds remaining in the third quarter following Seastrunk's touchdown, Kansas State embarked upon an 8-minute, 21 play, 74-yard drive that brought the Wildcats to first-and-goal from the Baylor 6-yard line.  An inspired Baylor defense turned in the goal-line stand of their season, halting four straight Collin Klein rushes and forcing a turnover on downs.  Baylor would subsequently almost completely run down the clock, picking up 4 first downs on 10 straight rushes before punting the ball back to Kansas State with only 32 seconds left in the game.  The victory was Baylor's first ever over a #1 ranked opponent (the 1956 team defeated #2 Tennessee in the 1957 Sugar Bowl, and the 1941 team tied #1 Texas) and represented only the fifth time in the BCS era that the #1 ranked team lost to an unranked opponent.  The win took Baylor to 5–5 on the season, needing one more victory for bowl eligibility.

Paragraph 29: Preparations for the journey were multifaceted and complicated. Those capable of work prepared two 25-foot whaleboats and a 13-foot dinghy by mounting them on iron-shod wooden runners and then loading them with provisions. Meanwhile, Kane took the dog sled and team out to an abandoned Inuit hut located some 35 miles from the brig. There, he established an advanced depot to store provisions for the actual journey. During April and the first half of May, he made several trips carrying supplies to his makeshift way station. On 15 May 1855, he began transporting the incapacitated members of the crew to the way station. Two days later, the main group began its torturous trek across the ice hummocks with the three boat-sleds. The main party, without the assistance of dogs, managed a snail's pace of only some three and one-half miles a day. While the main group inched its way, Kane continued his more rapid trips – facilitated by the dogs – both back to the brig and to an Inuit camp located about 75 miles south of the ship. In this manner, he moved the sick to the way station, brought additional supplies from the ship, and returned from the Inuit camp with fresh game. He last visited the ship on 8 June 1855 and, by the middle of that month, all the sick gradually joined the main party then nearing Littleton Island. The mode of travel again was Kane's dog sled. During the journey south toward Cape Alexander, the party suffered numerous breaks through the ice as the spring thaw arrived. At least one man, Acting Carpenter Ohlsen, died from exposure resulting from such an incident.

Paragraph 30: The controls in the Model AA are entirely mechanical, except the windshield wipers in later models. The brakes are mechanical and the truck has four oversized drum brakes to stop the vehicle. The mechanical system is a pull lever system that applies the force from the pedal to a pivot that pulls the brake rods that expand the brakes in the drums. The brake light is activated when the brake pedal is pushed. The brakes are proportioned more toward the rear drums. The parking brake is a chrome lever on the floor with a release button on the top. The windshield wipers started as hand operated and later models were powered by vacuum diverted from the intake manifold. The horn button is mounted in the middle of the steering wheel assembly. Controls for the lights are also incorporated into the steering assembly. The switch was a three-stop switch for parking lights, headlights and high-beams. The tail-light lens colors on the AA underwent several changes during the production run. Two levers are mounted on the steering column to adjust the engine. The left lever controls the manual advance and retard of the timing. Adjusting the timing of the engine changes the time that a spark will occur in the combustion chamber and those changes affect the performance of the engine. The right lever is a manual control for the throttle. The throttle can be adjusted to ease the shifting of the transmission and the idling speed of the engine. Underneath the dash on the right side is the choke rod. The choke can adjust the flow of fuel from the carburetor into the engine. Turning the knob on the choke rod clockwise closes the fuel flow, leaning out the engine; turning the knob counterclockwise opens the fuel flow to the engine.

Paragraph 31: Teenage gang leader Tommy Banning is preparing for the Summer vacation by telling his members about the importance of doing their share to help out during the war. The best way to do this, according to Tommy's advice, is to end the gang activities and instead take legitimate useful jobs. But this seems to be a greater task than they could imagine, since most gang members have criminal records for juvenile delinquency, and they fail getting regular jobs. When Tommy's sister Sheila asks her boss, Frank Moulton, at the Carruthers' department store where she works, he agrees to hire Tommy only if she goes on a date with him. Sheila has a boyfriend and won't do that, but her boyfriend Jerry Brady instead gets Tommy the job at the department store. Upon starting his new job, Tommy is smitten by a sales girl, Suzanne Booker, and they go on a movie date together. At the cinema, some of Tommy's gang, Albert "Pig" Gum, String and Ape, turn up and ruin the date. Soon enough Pig, String and Ape all have jobs, the latter two in the same store as Tommy. What Tommy and the gang are unaware of is that Moulton is in cahoots with a gangster, Duke Redman, and meet with him to discuss their dealing. It turns out Redman is disappointed in Moulton for not giving him enough business, and to remedy this Moulton give him the names of Tommy and his gang. After using the sexy singer Lola Laverne as bait, Tommy meets with Redman, but refuses to come work for him stealing goods from the department store. Because of this, Tommy is framed for stealing a piece of jewelry and sent to jail. In protest, Sheila quits her job, and it turns out her boyfriend Jerry is the son of the owner. Jerry gets Tommy out of prison, but his family still think he is guilty of the theft. Tommy decides to act against Moulton and Redman, and meets with his gang. After following Moulton to Redman's headquarters, the gang learn that Redman plans to rob a silk shipment to the department store. Tommy and the gang manage to hold the Redman gangsters enclosed in a room using a fire hose, until the police arrives. As a reward for catching the gang and stopping the robbery, Tommy gets Moulton's job at the store, the rest of the gang start working in the shipping department and Jerry and Sheila reconcile. Thus the gang is disbanded and the members all go legitimate.

Paragraph 32: The stock market crashes while Lanny and his friends are on a cruise on the private yacht of Hansi's family. The Jewish family was on their way to pick up their acquaintances at a port and The Budds and friends sit nervously as the yacht fails to return on schedule. The young prosperous Jewish family was captured by the Nazis and the family was split up and put into jails and  concentration camps. Johannas, the father of the Jewish family, was retrieved by him giving every last cent of his to the Nazi party. Lanny had to influence to make this happen because he is falsely close with higher ups in the Nazi party and even met Hitler a couple of times over tea. However the rest of the novel is the struggle of getting the last person of the family out of Germany. Although it was arranged that Lanny would pay 30,000 notes for his friend to be dropped off near the border of Germany and allowed to exit the country, SS officers waiting at the location kill Lanny's friend and arrest Lanny. After several days he is dragged into the torture and execution room, where he witnesses the torture of an owner of one of the biggest banks in the world. Strangely he is rescued right before his turn is up. He is brought into an office of one of the greats of the Nazi party that he has met before and is very intimidating especially because of his pet tiger cub. The higher up offers the release of the prisoner if he pays him off and if he goes to the family of the banker and tells them what he saw and gets the account numbers and passwords so they can bleed him dry. If Lanny follows through he will save two lives.

Paragraph 33: St John's Island served as a World War I and World War II internment camp. In August 1914, right after World War I began, most German men in Singapore were interned on St John's Island and Tanglin Barracks while women and children were detained in Kuala Lumpur. Enemy combatants were also imprisoned on the island, including the crew of  and the Greek collier , which was captured by the Germans. By 1916, a total of 296 enemy nationals had been transferred from St John's to Australia . During World War II (1939–1945), enemy foreign nationals—some of whom were fleeing Nazism—were interned at St John's Island in 1940. Of these, the Germans who were to be removed from the war were interned in Ceylon. As for the rest, some were deported to neutral grounds like Shanghai. Others were transported to Australia, including German-Jewish  and his family. Separately, the Japanese subsequently allied with the Germans and invaded Malaya. Shortly after, the Japanese women and children in Singapore were also interned on St John's Island from late 1941 to 1942 before being shipped to Calcutta. When the Japanese occupation of Malaya during World War II began, Allied prisoners of war were detained on St John's. 

Paragraph 34: The institution developed out of the original University of Provence, founded on 9 December 1409 as a studium generale by Louis II of Anjou, Count of Provence, and recognized by papal bull issued by the Pisan Antipope Alexander V. However, there is evidence that teaching in Aix existed in some form from the beginning of the 12th century, since there were a doctor of theology in 1100, a doctor of law in 1200 and a professor of law in 1320 on the books. The decision to establish the university was, in part, a response to the already-thriving University of Paris. As a result, in order to be sure of the viability of the new institution, Louis II compelled his Provençal students to study in Aix only. Thus, the letters patent for the university were granted, and the government of the university was created. The Archbishop of Aix-en-Provence, Thomas de Pupio, was appointed as the first chancellor of the university for the rest of his life. After his death in 1420, a new chancellor was elected by the rector, masters, and licentiates – an uncommon arrangement not repeated at any other French university. The rector was to be an "ordinary student", who had unrestricted civil and criminal jurisdiction in all cases where one party was a doctor or scholar of the university. Those displeased with the rector's decisions could appeal to a doctor legens. Eleven consiliarii provided assistance to the rector, being elected yearly by their predecessors. These individuals represented all faculties, but were elected from among the students. The constitution was of a student-university, and the instructors did not have great authority except in granting degrees. A resident doctor or student who married was required to pay charivari to the university, the amount varying with the degree or status of the man, and being increased if the bride was a widow. Refusal to submit to this statutable extortion was punished by the assemblage of students at the summons of the rector with frying-pans, bassoons, and horns at the house of the newly married couple. Continued recusancy was followed by the piling up of dirt in front of their door upon every Feast-day. These injunctions were justified on the ground that the money extorted was devoted to divine service.

Paragraph 35: At Nambassa, one could attend and participate in free workshop demonstrations, symposium and discussion groups on diverse subjects such as: leather-work, hand crafted jewellery, spinning (textiles), pottery, indigenous Australians didgeridoo, boomerang throwing, creative art, musical instruments, puppeteering, bonsai trees, batiking, screen printing, basket weaving, Māori woodcarving, furniture and woodturning, natural cosmetics, custom made Sandal (footwear), clay therapy, aboriginal emu egg carving, silk screening, crochet and embroidery, macramé, ceramics, bone carving, candle making, stained glass, paper making, journalism and printing, glass blowing, enamelling, Māori art and jewellery, wood carving, the art of throwing pottery, weaving on inkle and back strap looms, wood-adzing, moccasin making, airbrushing, organic gardening, tie-dye, Māori kit making, mulching and composting, growing and using soya beans, herb gardening, hydroponics, small orcharding, natural child birth, breast feeding, child care, alternative education, animal husbandry, raku pottery, fencing, small dams and irrigation, solar heating, methane gas plants, wind pumps and generators, solar power, solar cooker, waterwheels, goat farming, sheep milking, rammed earth walls, soil-cement adobe, stone-masonry, hydraulic power, wind power, low cost housing and renovation, furniture making, moulds and mud houses, bamboo and its uses, alternative lifestyles and communities, Rudolf Steiner Schools, permaculture, ecology and mining, native forests, saving the whales, food preparation and storage, dried fruit, bread making, self-sufficiency, wine making, beekeeping, butter and cheese making, soap making, food cooperatives, healthy eating, civil liberties, New Zealand's nuclear-free zone, world peace and disarmament, music, Gay Rights, puppetry, origami, theatre, dance and costumes, mask making, conservation and pesticides, clean water, mobile homes construction, bush craft, legal aspects of alternative land development, horse ploughing, family planning, vegetarianism, animal rights, martial arts, Third World poverty, civil and human rights, work cooperatives, craft cooperatives, wood gas producers, solar panels, development of electric cars and bikes, Feminism, Women's Rights, amateur radio, wood stoves and wetbacks, kite making, the environment (Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth), alternative education, Pacific cultural exchange (Pacific Islander), Māori land rights, community development, Māori marae, Māori hangi, Maori Language Tutorial, substance abuse, new age and green politics, alternative media, meditation, yoga, sufi dancing, I Ching, tarot cards, alchemy, massage, sweat lodge, nutrition, alternative medicine, astrology, prayer and chanting, clairvoyance, meditation, spiritual healing, naturopathy, acupuncture, t'ai chi, herbalism, natural remedies, reflexology, iridology and osteopathy.

Paragraph 36: The stock market crashes while Lanny and his friends are on a cruise on the private yacht of Hansi's family. The Jewish family was on their way to pick up their acquaintances at a port and The Budds and friends sit nervously as the yacht fails to return on schedule. The young prosperous Jewish family was captured by the Nazis and the family was split up and put into jails and  concentration camps. Johannas, the father of the Jewish family, was retrieved by him giving every last cent of his to the Nazi party. Lanny had to influence to make this happen because he is falsely close with higher ups in the Nazi party and even met Hitler a couple of times over tea. However the rest of the novel is the struggle of getting the last person of the family out of Germany. Although it was arranged that Lanny would pay 30,000 notes for his friend to be dropped off near the border of Germany and allowed to exit the country, SS officers waiting at the location kill Lanny's friend and arrest Lanny. After several days he is dragged into the torture and execution room, where he witnesses the torture of an owner of one of the biggest banks in the world. Strangely he is rescued right before his turn is up. He is brought into an office of one of the greats of the Nazi party that he has met before and is very intimidating especially because of his pet tiger cub. The higher up offers the release of the prisoner if he pays him off and if he goes to the family of the banker and tells them what he saw and gets the account numbers and passwords so they can bleed him dry. If Lanny follows through he will save two lives.

Paragraph 37: On 15 June 2011, the Vancouver Canucks were in the final game of the Stanley Cup playoffs. Over 100,000 people had gathered in the Downtown core to watch the game on large outdoor screens. Around 8 p.m., the game was nearing the end with Canucks losing by several points and, at that moment, the crowd started to become unruly. Families decided to leave before the game was over and headed out of the Downtown core. Police officers staged near the CBC live site at Georgia and Cambie moved into a large crowd of fans when they started throwing objects at the large screen. The crowd at the CBC live site preceded to flip over a pickup truck outside the Canada Post building and light it ablaze. Police offices formed a circle around the burning truck and cleared a path for Engine 8 to bring in a Supply line and crew. Engine 8's crew were able to knock down the fire but were forced to leave the area as the crowd started throwing objects at police officers. The Emergency Operations Centre was activated and police teams were sent to various intersections to form up and don riot gear. Multiple fire apparatus were sent to key locations and were told to stage and remain visible in case people required medical treatment or had information to report. Around 8:30 p.m., violence spilled into other areas of the Downtown core resulting in fights, rubbish fires and burning vehicles. Fire crews were unable to reach some of the injured as violent crowds continued with destruction and mayhem. Orders were given at 9 p.m. for all staged apparatus to return to quarters and wait for further instructions due to the fact at the time Vancouver Police was deploying crowd control officers armed with tear gas and flash grenades. Dozens of 911 calls were being made from the Downtown core, reporting various incidents such as fires and medical events; however, these incidents could not be confirmed without an apparatus being dispatched to the scene. Crews were sent to investigate the incidents while remaining in constant communication with the Emergency Operations Centre. At around 10 p.m., a call came in reporting a fire inside a parking structure at Seymour and W Georgia, which sent a full alarm assignment, including Ladder 7 which had just wrapped up an investigation of a possible person that had been severely beaten. Ladder 7 reported Georgia Street being as being completely impassable and informed dispatch that any crews responding to an incident on that street would have to walk into that crowd. Upon arrival at the parking structure, Engine 7 found a fully involved vehicle on fire with several other vehicles burning. Battalion 1 went inside the parking structure and found people on the roof and determined that they were not willing to come down. Dispatch advised crews that a police line was headed in their direction to control the violent crowd outside the parking structure. Reports later came in of 2 vehicles burning on Granville Street in front of the Hudson's Bay department store, which was confirmed by a police helicopter. Engine 7 and Quint 6 were sent into the area, but there was nothing that could be done as people were jumping through the flames and were smashing store front windows. Vancouver police sent a tactical squad to the location of the fire and quickly cleared the street using tear gas and rubber bullets, which allowed fire crews to knock the fire, which was close to setting the building alight, down. It took only 3 hours for police and emergency personal to bring the situation under control; a full review of the incident was conducted by the provincial government.

Paragraph 38: Recording began in November 1973, and although they were self-conscious about doing a really black sound, their first goal was to record songs in a way that they could reproduce on stage. They made more use of Alan Kendall's lead guitar and added a keyboardist, which resulted in less recording for Maurice, who had long overdubbed many instrumental and backing vocal parts; he would now focus almost exclusively on playing bass and singing backing vocals during the trio's R&B/disco era. The new sound was more electric than much of what they had done since regrouping in 1970. With Mardin at the helm, the Bee Gees returned to the IBC Studios, London where they had recorded much of their pre-Life in a Tin Can output. The first two songs recorded were harder rock ("Heavy Breathing" and "I Can't Let You Go"), both written in Los Angeles. This was a deliberate attempt to record a new sound, compared to the acoustic sounds found on Life in a Tin Can. There were also two new backing musicians: Dennis Bryon on drums and Geoff Westley on keyboards, who were in the tour band, now made their debut with the Bee Gees on disc. Bryon was a friend of Kendall, and would be the Bee Gees' drummer until 1980. The big change here was having Westley, or in fact anyone, play most of the piano and keyboard parts that had been Maurice's domain for years. Westley would soon be replaced as keyboardist by ex-Strawbs keyboardist Derek "Blue" Weaver, whom Bryon had played with in Amen Corner. Around this time, Maurice's problems with alcohol began to surface; although he wrote few songs in 1974, he never missed a show or a recording session, but on this album, most of the new songs were written by Barry and Robin only. Three songs were written by all three brothers; one,  Lost in Your Love was a solo Barry composition while Give A Hand, Take A Hand was a Barry/Maurice composition (see Notes). The songs "Mr. Natural" and "Had a Lot of Love Last Night" were recorded and completed at the Command Studios in London. The songs "Give a Hand, Take a Hand" and "Lost in Your Love" were recorded at Atlantic Studios in 1974. Maurice said in an interview with Lynn Redgrave that his alcoholism didn't affect his recording sessions and concerts until around the time of Spirits Having Flown.

Paragraph 39: Anime Evolution was originally known as Anime Showcase, and was held in 1998 by the SFU ARC club. It was a two-day showing of anime that was supposed to be held annually, with the help of the Vancouver Japanese Animation Society, the University of British Columbia Anime Club, and V-SWAT. In 2001 it was renamed Anime Evolution and in 2003 became a full anime convention. It has grown each year since 1999, and had attendance of over 4,200 people in 2007. In 2008, due to booking issues, it was held at the University of British Columbia (UBC), Vancouver, B.C., rather than its past location at Simon Fraser University (SFU), Burnaby, B.C. In 2010, AE Convention Corp faced a lawsuit enforced by the Canadian Tax Revenue Agency after fraudulent financial statements arose about the convention. Causing the convention to be momentarily defunct. After the lawsuit ended in 2011, Anime Evolution 2011 was cancelled, and future AE Convention Corp sponsored conventions were put on hiatus. Anime Evolution returned in 2012 under the same team but was renamed as the Vancouver Anime Convention Society and ran as a shortened, 2-day version of the convention in November, dubbed Anime Evolution: Akimatsuri.  In 2013, Anime Evolution returned to the 3-day summer event format, celebrating its 10th anniversary. In 2014, Anime Evolution teamed up with Cos & Effect and Vancouver Gaming Expo to create Northwest Fan Fest. In 2015, Anime Evolution split from Northwest Fan Fest to once again function as a stand-alone 3-day convention, in addition to their spring event Harumatsuri (previous JFest), and their fall/winter event Akimatsuri. In 2017, Anime Evolution announced that their summer event would only be a 1-day event. On June 26, 2018, they announced on their Facebook Page that the summer convention would not be occurring that year. Since 2017, Anime Evolution has yet to re-run their main summer event.

Paragraph 40: By 1883, the ill-fated crew of the U.S. Army 1881 Greely scientific polar expedition was stranded at Fort Conger on Lady Franklin Bay. On July 7, 1881, the Greely crew had left New Foundland, headed northward on the private whaling ship the Proteus. In August 1881, the crew arrived at Lady Franklin Bay without incident or blockage from ice flows. However, after the Proteus dropped off the men and ample provisions, the ship immediately departed and left the expedition to fend for themselves. The men built Fort Conger as a place of refuge and scientific study. Two U.S. supply efforts, in 1882 and 1883, to reach the Greely party, ended in dismal failure. The first, on July 8, 1882, led by William Beebe, on the private steamship Neptune, left St. John's, but was trapped by ice and forced to turn around. On June 29, 1883, the second left St. John's, with two ships, the Proteus, commanded by First Lieutenant Ernest Garlington, U.S. 7th Cavalry, and the steam gunboat USS Yantic. The Proteus was crushed by an ice pack, whose stranded crew was rescued by the USS Yantic. Afterward, Garlington abandoned the mission to save Greely and the crew at Fort Conger.

Paragraph 41: Diamond turning is turning using a cutting tool with a diamond tip. It is a process of mechanical machining of precision elements using lathes or derivative machine tools (e.g., turn-mills, rotary transfers) equipped with natural or synthetic diamond-tipped tool bits. The term single-point diamond turning (SPDT) is sometimes applied, although as with other lathe work, the "single-point" label is sometimes only nominal (radiused tool noses and contoured form tools being options). The process of diamond turning is widely used to manufacture high-quality aspheric optical elements from crystals, metals, acrylic, and other materials. Plastic optics are frequently molded using diamond turned mold inserts. Optical elements produced by the means of diamond turning are used in optical assemblies in telescopes, video projectors, missile guidance systems, lasers, scientific research instruments, and numerous other systems and devices. Most SPDT today is done with computer numerical control (CNC) machine tools. Diamonds also serve in other machining processes, such as milling, grinding, and honing. Diamond turned surfaces have a high specular brightness and require no additional polishing or buffing, unlike other conventionally machined surfaces.

Paragraph 42: The controls in the Model AA are entirely mechanical, except the windshield wipers in later models. The brakes are mechanical and the truck has four oversized drum brakes to stop the vehicle. The mechanical system is a pull lever system that applies the force from the pedal to a pivot that pulls the brake rods that expand the brakes in the drums. The brake light is activated when the brake pedal is pushed. The brakes are proportioned more toward the rear drums. The parking brake is a chrome lever on the floor with a release button on the top. The windshield wipers started as hand operated and later models were powered by vacuum diverted from the intake manifold. The horn button is mounted in the middle of the steering wheel assembly. Controls for the lights are also incorporated into the steering assembly. The switch was a three-stop switch for parking lights, headlights and high-beams. The tail-light lens colors on the AA underwent several changes during the production run. Two levers are mounted on the steering column to adjust the engine. The left lever controls the manual advance and retard of the timing. Adjusting the timing of the engine changes the time that a spark will occur in the combustion chamber and those changes affect the performance of the engine. The right lever is a manual control for the throttle. The throttle can be adjusted to ease the shifting of the transmission and the idling speed of the engine. Underneath the dash on the right side is the choke rod. The choke can adjust the flow of fuel from the carburetor into the engine. Turning the knob on the choke rod clockwise closes the fuel flow, leaning out the engine; turning the knob counterclockwise opens the fuel flow to the engine.

Paragraph 43: It is a tree reaching 8 meters in height. The young, yellow to brown branches are very densely hairy, but become hairless with maturity. Its elliptical, papery to slightly leathery leaves are 8.5-17.5 by 3–6.5 centimeters. The leaves have wedge-shaped to rounded bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 3-14 millimeters long. The leaves are hairless except for the midribs which are slightly hairy on their upper side and very densely hairy on their underside. The leaves have 10-16 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its very densely hairy petioles are 3-8 by 1–2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has up to 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 10-25 by 0.6-1.1 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is 1-2 millimeters long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 free, triangular sepals, that are 2–3.5 by 3-3.5 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The pink, egg-shaped to elliptical, outer petals are 3.5-7 by 3–5.5 millimeters with hairless upper and very densely hairy lower surfaces. The pink, diamond-shaped inner petals have a 7-9 millimeter long claw at their base and a 12-13 by 5.5-9 millimeter blade. The inner petals have pointed bases and tips. The inner petals are sparsely hairy on their upper surfaces and densely hairy on lower surfaces. The male flowers have up to 103-111 stamens that are 1.2-1.4 by 0.5-0.7 millimeters. The female flowers have up to 24 carpels that are 1.8-2.1 by 0.7-1 millimeters. Each carpel has 3-4 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have up to 14 sterile stamen. The fruit occur in clusters of 12-22 that are organized on indistinct peduncles. The fruit are attached by densely hairy pedicles that are 16-26 by 1–2.5 millimeters. The green, globe-shaped fruit are 7-14 by 5-13 millimeters. The fruit have a 0.1-0.7 pointed tip. The fruit are smooth, and densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 3 hemispherical to lens-shaped, wrinkly seeds that are 8-9 by 6.5-8 by 4-6 millimeters. Each seed has a 1-1.2 by 0.6-0.8 millimeter elliptical hilum. The seeds are arranged in two rows in the fruit.

Paragraph 44: Chris was raped by a man named George Curtis and the rape left her traumatized until she found it hard to make love with Snapper and refused to have sex with him even though she loved him very much. Snapper showed a great deal of patience and respect for Chris, offering her emotional support but finding his own sexual pleasure with lover Sally. Sally had fallen in love with Snapper, too, and was desperate to keep him. In spite of her friend Brad Eliot's advice that she'd only end up getting hurt, Sally decided to use a desperate single woman's oldest trick. She threw away her birth control pills and got pregnant by Snapper. Meanwhile, Snapper was growing more and more fond of Chris. He broke off with Sally without knowing he would be the father of her child. With Snapper's encouragement, Chris was able to file charges against her attacker. Unfortunately, because of lack of evidence, he was not convicted. Determined all the more to stand by her side, Snapper proposed marriage. It took him a long time to get her to accept, but Chris finally did and they became engaged. Sally was devastated when she found out about Snapper's engagement and took a drug overdose, but Brad saved her life when he found her and rushed her to the hospital. Later when Sally was out and about again, she intended to tell Snapper that he had gotten her pregnant, hoping he would break his engagement to Chris and marry her instead. Liz found out and successfully did her best to change Sally's mind about interfering with Snapper's future. Sally accepted Pierre's proposal and they eloped a few days before Chris and Snapper. Although Snapper overheard the conversation between Sally and Liz, Snapper had no intention of changing his plans. He and Chris exchanged their vows in a lovely ceremony. After an uneasy sexual start, Chris and Snapper worked through her problems and were happy together, living in a small apartment. When Chris became pregnant, however, Snapper's pleasure was tinged by fears that having another responsibility might hinder his medical career aspirations. When Sally's husband Pierre was killed, Sally wanted to leave town, but Snapper urged her to stay until the baby was born. Eventually, Snapper confessed to Sally that he wanted to keep an eye on her because he feared that her unborn baby might have been injured by her recent suicide attempt, which occurred during the time she learned about Snapper and Chris's engagement. Sally gave birth to her and Snapper's son, Pierre Charles (aka Chuckie). Feeling sympathy for Sally's plight of raising a baby alone, Chris encouraged Snapper to spend time with Sally and her baby. However, Chris eventually realized that Snapper was the baby's father and Snapper confirmed Chris's fears. Distraught, Chris suffered a miscarriage. Soon after, she separated from Snapper and accepted a job as a social worker in Legal Aid working for Greg. Meanwhile, Sally moved to Chicago. With Sally out of the way, Chris and Snapper soon afterwards reconciled.