Paragraph 1: A 24-day players' strike was called after Week 2. The games that were scheduled for the third week of the season were cancelled, reducing the 16-game season to 15, but the games for Weeks 4, 5 and 6 were played with replacement players. The NFLPA actually ended the strike before the Week 6 slate of games, but the NFL owners' unanimously nixed their return that week because the union had missed an owner-mandated deadline that week to be eligible to return, and would have to wait until Week 7 to resume playing. Approximately 15% of the NFLPA’s players chose to cross picket lines to play during the strike; prominent players who did so included New York Jets defensive end Mark Gastineau, Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Randy White, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Joe Montana, 49ers running back Roger Craig, New England Patriots quarterback Doug Flutie and Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Steve Largent. The replacement players were mostly those left out of work by the recent folding of the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes and the 1986 dissolution of the United States Football League, as well as others who had been preseason cuts, had long left professional football or were other assorted oddities (such as cinematographer Todd Schlopy, who, despite never playing professional football before or after the strike, served as placekicker for his hometown Buffalo Bills for three games). The replacement players, called to play on short notice and having little chance to gel as teammates, were widely treated with scorn by the press and general public, including name-calling, public shaming and accusations of being scabs. The games played by these replacement players were regarded with even less legitimacy – attendance plummeted to under 10,000 fans at many of the games in smaller markets and cities with strong union presence, including a low of 4,074 for the lone replacement game played in Philadelphia) — but nonetheless were counted as regular NFL games. Final television revenues were down by about 20%, a smaller drop than the networks had expected. The defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants went 0–3 in replacement games, ultimately costing them a chance to make the playoffs and to repeat their championship. The final replacement game was a Monday Night Football matchup on October 19, 1987, with the Washington Redskins at the Dallas Cowboys. Along with the Philadelphia Eagles, the Redskins were the only other NFL team not to have any players cross the picket line and were surprising 13–7 victors over the Cowboys who had plenty of big name players cross the picket line.

Paragraph 2: Final opinions on the album were mixed. Hope called it "an easy listen with the same soothing vocals and clean cut sing-a-long choruses we've grown to love. Overall a great offering but not overly addictive." Beringer praised the band's growth in musicianship in the years since From Here to Infirmary, but also commented that This Addiction "could be polarizing to fans, splitting them into three groups: fans who love the album because it goes back to the band's roots, fans who dislike this album because they may think it's a cheap imitation of older days, and the fans who might think this is a step backwards from the previous album." Heisel concluded that "while This Addiction might not be perfect, it's a more than respectable entry into the band's already sizeable canon, proving that though they may be in that rarified group of punk-rock lifers, Alkaline Trio aren't done evolving yet." Apar stated that although the album was purported to be a return to the early sound of Goddamnit, he found it more comparable to From Here to Infirmary "since the end result is still the same polished album full of vaguely gothic and bloody references where characters like Draculina live -- no real bitterness, sore-throat defiance, or endearing heartache to be found." Though complimenting "This Addiction" and "Off the Map" as strong songs, he felt that the album failed to live up to its expectations as a return to roots: "Alkaline Trio just can't seem to recapture the spirit of their early days, when purpose and emotion fueled every note. Instead, one is left with totally competent -- and at times, yes, catchy -- songs that ring just a bit too hollow compared to the urgent leave-it-all-on-the-floor guts of those earliest releases [...] despite the polished and punchy singalong choruses, This Addiction is really just more of the same recycled melodies from the Trio rather than any sort of rebirth." Andrew Kelham of Rock Sound agreed that the album did not succeed in recapturing the band's early sound, but was a strong effort nonetheless: "Alkaline Trio aren't naïve punk rockers from the Chicago suburbs anymore, as a result this album fails to recapture that innocence but succeeds in creating another strong body of work that the group can be proud of." Mikael Wood of Spin remarked that the "cozier confines" of an independent label "appear to have put the band at ease" and that their "hooky, blood-soaked bad-love allegories [...] satisfy like heartburn-inducing comfort food." French concluded that "This Addiction isn't so much a 'return to form,' but rather a summary--a sonic scrapbook of sorts that carefully documents their entire career, from sour home Chicago to the dressing rooms of Late Night with Conan O'Brien''."

Paragraph 3: Mitr Phol sugar business was established as a small family business in Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi Province, producing and trading condensed syrup to sugar mills in 1946. In 1956, the company began to produce its own sugar. In 1983, Mitr Phu Kieo Sugar Mill was constructed in Phu Khiao District, Chaiyaphum Province, with a sugarcane processing capacity of 27,000 tonnes per day. In 1990, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill in Suphanburi Province was established with a processing capacity of 45,500 tonnes per day. The company expanded its business internationally in 1993 to Guangxi Province, China with four mills. Mitr Phol owns seven sugar mills in Guangxi and with an annual capacity of approximately 10 million tonnes of cane, or approximately 1.3 million tonnes of sugar per year. In 1994, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill (Suphanburi Province) was the first mill in Thailand certified by ISO 9002 and has been recognized with a National Certificate of Excellence and Global Standards. In 1995, Mitr Phol took over a sugar company in Phu Wiang District, Khon Kaen Province and named it Mitr Phol Phu Wiang Sugar Mill. In 1997, Mitr Phol constructed a sugar mill in Hai Tung County, China. Later in the same year, Mitr Kalasin Sugar Mill was established, in Kuchinarai District, Kalasin Province, with a processing capacity of 23,000 tonnes per day. In 2006, Mitr Phol broadened its production to Savannakhet Province, Laos and established Mitr Lao Sugar Co., Ltd. to develop sugarcane farming with advanced production technology to export to the European Union. Mitr Phol further expanded its investments to Queensland, Australia.

Paragraph 4: Dating to the 15th century, it has been in ruins since at least 1657 when it was described as "only old walls". The church and graveyard are set in a very prominent position at the North end of a ridge. The graveyard is a substantial earthwork, now rectangular in plan, 52m E-W x 42m N-S. The East gable of the church stands to the original height, while the West gable is reduced to foundations. A cross slab of Early Christian type from the site is now built into the gable of the porch of the Catholic church in Chapeltown nearby 

Paragraph 5: Rudolph Walker was born on 28 September 1939 in San Juan, Trinidad and Tobago. He began acting as an eight-year-old in primary school, going on to join Derek Walcott's Trinidad Theatre Workshop as its youngest member. With the aim of furthering his career he left the island at the age of 20 in 1960. He had been planning to go to the United States, where he had connections, but actor Errol John — who had already migrated to Britain but was in Trinidad doing a play — convinced him to go to the UK, where the training was considered to be superior.

Paragraph 6: The outside of the structure is an example of Italian medieval architecture with Gothic influences. The lower story is stone while the upper crenellated stories are made of brick.  The facade of the palace is curved slightly inwards (concave) to reflect the outwards curve (convex) of the Piazza del Campo, Siena's central square, of which the Palace is the focal point. At the top of this facade is a huge round flat bronze plate [Christogram], the symbol used by Saint Bernardino. It was placed there by the government in 1425 in gratitude to the great preacher, a native Sienese, for his sermons aimed at quelling social and political factionalism and unrest.

Paragraph 7: Rudolph Walker was born on 28 September 1939 in San Juan, Trinidad and Tobago. He began acting as an eight-year-old in primary school, going on to join Derek Walcott's Trinidad Theatre Workshop as its youngest member. With the aim of furthering his career he left the island at the age of 20 in 1960. He had been planning to go to the United States, where he had connections, but actor Errol John — who had already migrated to Britain but was in Trinidad doing a play — convinced him to go to the UK, where the training was considered to be superior.

Paragraph 8: Taking into account that the fundamental doctrine of the College is the Westminster Confession of Faith (the “Westminster Confession”) and recognizing this to be “highly influential within Presbyterian churches worldwide, many of which use it as a standard of doctrine that is second only to the teaching contained within the Bible itself”, the appellate court looked at the relevant part of the Westminster Confession at Article VIII Ch 1 which reads as follows:“The Old Testament in Hebrew (which was the native language of the people of God of old), and the New Testament in Greek (which, at the time of the writing of it, was most generally known to the nations), being immediately inspired by God, and, by His singular care and providence, kept pure in all ages, are therefore authentical; so as, in all controversies of religion, the Church is finally to appeal unto them.  But, because these original tongues are not known to all the people of God, who have right unto, and interest in the Scriptures, and are commanded, in the fear of God, to read and search them, therefore they are to be translated in to the vulgar language of every nation unto which they come, that, the Word of God dwelling plentifully in all, they may worship Him in an acceptable manner; and through patience and comfort of the Scriptures, may have hope.”Pursuant to the principles laid down in Overtoun that the question of whether a certain doctrine is in accord with the fundamental doctrines of a religious institution is purely a question of construction, the Court of Appeal went on to hold that (i) “the VPP doctrine is actually closely related to the VPI doctrine which both parties [i.e., FEBC and the Church] adhere to,” (rejecting the Church's contention in [59] of the Court of Appeal Judgement that it is “an entirely different creature from the VPI doctrine");”(ii) “the College, in adopting the VPP doctrine, has not deviated from the fundamental principles which guide and inform the work of the College right from its inception, and as expressed in the Westminster Confession”; (iii) [i]t is not inconsistent for a Christian who believes fully in the principles contained within the Westminster Confession (and the VPI [Verbal Plenary Inspiration] doctrine) to also subscribe to the VPP doctrine”; and (iv) “[i]n the absence of anything in the Westminster Confession that deals with the status of the apographs, we [the Judges of Appeal] hesitate to find that the VPP doctrine is a deviation from the principles contained within the Westminster Confession.”

Paragraph 9: Phaneuf set a Flames record for most goals by a first-year defenceman and was named a finalist for the Calder Memorial Trophy as top rookie in 2005–06. Two years later, he was a finalist for the James Norris Memorial Trophy as top defenceman. During his career, Phaneuf was involved in two blockbuster trades. The first came in late 2009, when he was involved in a seven-player trade that saw him move from Calgary to Toronto. Six years later, Phaneuf was the centrepiece of a nine-player trade that saw him sent to Ottawa. He was traded to Los Angeles nearing the trade deadline in February 2018.

Paragraph 10: Foreign relations between neighbouring countries Australia and New Zealand, also referred to as Trans-Tasman relations, are extremely close. Both countries share a British colonial heritage as antipodean Dominions and settler colonies, and both are part of the core Anglosphere. New Zealand sent representatives to the constitutional conventions which led to the uniting of the six Australian colonies but opted not to join. In the Boer War and in both world wars, New Zealand soldiers fought alongside Australian soldiers. In recent years the Closer Economic Relations free trade agreement and its predecessors have inspired ever-converging economic integration. Despite some shared similarities, the cultures of Australia and New Zealand also have their own sets of differences and there are sometimes differences of opinion which some have declared as symptomatic of sibling rivalry. This often centres upon sports and in commercio-economic tensions, such as those arising from the failure of Ansett Australia and those engendered by the formerly long-standing Australian ban on New Zealand apple imports.

Paragraph 11: Phaneuf set a Flames record for most goals by a first-year defenceman and was named a finalist for the Calder Memorial Trophy as top rookie in 2005–06. Two years later, he was a finalist for the James Norris Memorial Trophy as top defenceman. During his career, Phaneuf was involved in two blockbuster trades. The first came in late 2009, when he was involved in a seven-player trade that saw him move from Calgary to Toronto. Six years later, Phaneuf was the centrepiece of a nine-player trade that saw him sent to Ottawa. He was traded to Los Angeles nearing the trade deadline in February 2018.

Paragraph 12: Alexandra has short black hair, light brown eyes, and dark skin; she dons a yellow catsuit on missions. She is described in the Télétoon profile as the best friend character, affectionate and not afraid to show her feelings. She enjoys sports and athletics but also shares her friends' fashion interests. She is the most naive and absent-minded of the three, sometimes interpreting figures of speech literally, often thinking it was actually going dark just because something is blocking her sight, or picking up and eating foodstuff at crime scenes that is potentially harmful. In the episode "Do You Believe In Magic", it is revealed Alex is the youngest of the three girls (and Clover the oldest). Her driving ability becomes a running gag in some episodes, despite the fact that she keeps getting to take the wheel and proves to be capable of improvising dangerous car stunts. She is sensitive and sometimes gets down on herself. Starting with season 3, Alex reveals interests in Taekwondo, skateboarding, soccer and video games. Alex appears to be racially mixed at first, having a dark-skinned mother and a white father in the season 4 episode "Alex Gets Schooled"; however, her father later appears with a completely different physical appearance, notably with dark skin in the season 6 episode "Evil Ice Skater". In Totally Spies! The Movie, which takes place when the girls first transfer to Beverly Hills High, she adopts a piglet whom she names  (), who does not appear in seasons 1-5 but recurs in season 6 when the girls have already gone to college. Although Alex says she is allergic to cats in season 1 episode "Wild Style", in "Evil Mascot", she handles Sigmund Smith's stray kitten without any allergic reaction, and she later works in a university cat lab in season 6 episode "Nine Lives" without problems. Like Sam and Clover, her last name has never been revealed but in "Evil Ice Skater," Jerry refers to her father as "Dr. Casoy" but it's unknown if that's Alex's last name or not. 

Paragraph 13: The porae has a body which is compressed and moderately short and deep, its depth being around two fifths of its standard length, with a very thin caudal peduncle. It has a moderately sized head which has a shallow dorsal profile and there is a small over the eyes in adults. There are no bony protuberances on the snout or to the front of the moderately sized eyes. It has a small mouth, which does not extend as far as the eyes, with thick and fleshy lips. The teeth are small and pointed and arranged in a single row in each jaw and they are embedded in the lips. There is a patch of smaller teeth to the rear of the main row in the front of the upper jaw. The dorsal fin is continuous, with a long base and only slight demarcation between the spiny part and the soft rayed part which are both of similar length. The spiny part is tallest at the front and decreases in height to the rear while the soft rayed part is of a uniform low height. The anal fin is similar in shape but slightly shorter than soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. The caudal fin is forked with the tips of both lobes bluntly pointed. The pectoral fins are of moderate size with its upper rays branched and its lower rays simple and robust with uppermost of these rays being highly elongated, extending almost to the middle of the anal fin. The pelvic fins are small and are placed obviously under and to the rear of the origin of the pectoral fins. The spiny part of the dorsal fin contains 17-18 spines while the soft rayed part holds 27-28 fin rays, the anal fin has 3 spines and 16-17 soft rays. This species attains a maximum fork length of  and a maximum published weight of . The overall colour is silvery, tinged with greenish-blue. or occasionally yellowish dorsally, paler silvery on the lower body. The fins may show a bluish tinge. The juveniles have a dark blotch just below middle of the lateral line, this fades as the fish grows.

Paragraph 14: Zell was born at Hanau am Main, date unknown. He learned the art of printing before 1462 in the printing establishment of Johann Fust and Peter Schöffer, and seems, shortly after the catastrophe of 1462, to have gone to Cologne, whose university gave promise of a market for printed works. Zell was printing at Cologne apparently as early as 1463, although his first dated book is 1466. His work as printer and publisher can be traced up to the year 1502; altogether about 120 of his publications are known. Of these, however, only nine bear his name, but in all probability he printed and published many more. In outline and cut his six kinds of type are strikingly similar to the "Durandus" and "Clements" types of Fust and Schoffer; it would even seem that a number of the matrices of the "Clements" type had been used. Most of the books printed by Zell were text-books in quarto form for the university. Among the fine productions of his printing shop is an undated edition of the Latin Bible in two volumes. At first he called himself clericus (of the lower orders), but as early as 1471 he married and became a citizen and householder of Cologne. In 1473 he bought the important manorial estate of "Lyskirchen", to which he transferred the main part of his business. In the colophons of his books the place of business is called "apud Lyskirchen". The purchase, sometime later, of various houses, lands, and properties yielding revenues, show that Zell had become a prosperous man. It is also proof of his importance that for a long time he filled the office of Kirchenmeister (church-master) of "S. Maria an Lyskirchen". Of much importance in the history of the discovery of printing is Zell's statement, preserved in the Chronicle of Cologne of 1499, that the year 1450 was the date of the beginning of printing, that the country-squire Johann Gutenberg was the inventor of it, and that the first book printed was the Latin Bible, the Vulgate.

Paragraph 15: The three pilot Town Councils were deemed to be highly successful and led to the introduction of the Town Councils Bill in Parliament in May 1988. Goh Chok Tong, who would eventually become Prime Minister in 1990, argued in Parliament that Town Councils not only provided for greater resident participation, but also would act as "political stabilisers". He cited the fact that in other democracies, e.g. Britain, there were inherent factors that resulted in greater political stability, such as long-term allegiances of constituencies to a certain political party. But in Singapore, ... it is the PAP which provides the political stability.  There is no other party at present which can effectively govern Singapore.  But this political stability can be threatened by sudden temporary swings in national mood.  If there are such swings, the PAP can be out of power.  If that happens, political instability will result because no alternative leadership has emerged which can effectively govern Singapore. Goh also noted in the same speech in Parliament that voters were confident that after decades of uninterrupted PAP rule, that even if they elected Opposition candidates to Parliament that they would still have a competent PAP Government managing their constituencies, which would result in a "free-rider" problem: For example, some voters who want a PAP Government also want to see some Opposition MPs. They may vote for an Opposition candidate and depend on the PAP to look after their constituency because they expect other constituencies to return PAP candidates in sufficient numbers to form the government. Chiam See Tong, the MP for Potong Pasir and one of only two non-PAP MPs at that time, spoke at length rejecting the bill. Chiam argued that the role of an MP was to give direction to a nation, and not to manage municipal matters:A party is elected because of its policy. The people may want the party to represent them so that the nation can move in a particular direction.  The PAP first came into power on a socialist platform.  People of Singapore voted them in because they thought that was good for Singapore and so they went on a socialist principle, up to lately, of course.  Some people may want to vote people like Margaret Thatcher, free enterprise, the capitalist line.  You vote her in.  So that is the purpose of voting Members of Parliament and a particular party.  But you do not vote a Town Councillor to change the direction or have a national policy in regard whether to foreign policy or to national policies on education or defence, or how you should have a relationship with your neighbours.  These are not the work of town councillors.  These are the work of Members of Parliament.  So there is a distinct different role.He also noted that most MPs did not stay in the same constituency, let alone the same housing estate, of their residents, and would therefore not add much value to the residents in such matters. He proposed that Town Councils should be made non-political, but was rebutted by Lee Hsien Loong that MPs should care for their constituents as much as they cared about lawmaking:If any MP stands in the next election and says, "Please elect me. I will pay no attention to municipal matters. You go and find some non-political Town Councillor on your own to manage that and you have it out with HDB should anything happen", I do not think he is going to be elected. I do not think the Member for Potong Pasir will put that in the SDP manifesto. Will he? Perhaps not.Ultimately, PAP's supermajority in Parliament allowed it to pass the bill into law without further consultation.

Paragraph 16: A 24-day players' strike was called after Week 2. The games that were scheduled for the third week of the season were cancelled, reducing the 16-game season to 15, but the games for Weeks 4, 5 and 6 were played with replacement players. The NFLPA actually ended the strike before the Week 6 slate of games, but the NFL owners' unanimously nixed their return that week because the union had missed an owner-mandated deadline that week to be eligible to return, and would have to wait until Week 7 to resume playing. Approximately 15% of the NFLPA’s players chose to cross picket lines to play during the strike; prominent players who did so included New York Jets defensive end Mark Gastineau, Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Randy White, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Joe Montana, 49ers running back Roger Craig, New England Patriots quarterback Doug Flutie and Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Steve Largent. The replacement players were mostly those left out of work by the recent folding of the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes and the 1986 dissolution of the United States Football League, as well as others who had been preseason cuts, had long left professional football or were other assorted oddities (such as cinematographer Todd Schlopy, who, despite never playing professional football before or after the strike, served as placekicker for his hometown Buffalo Bills for three games). The replacement players, called to play on short notice and having little chance to gel as teammates, were widely treated with scorn by the press and general public, including name-calling, public shaming and accusations of being scabs. The games played by these replacement players were regarded with even less legitimacy – attendance plummeted to under 10,000 fans at many of the games in smaller markets and cities with strong union presence, including a low of 4,074 for the lone replacement game played in Philadelphia) — but nonetheless were counted as regular NFL games. Final television revenues were down by about 20%, a smaller drop than the networks had expected. The defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants went 0–3 in replacement games, ultimately costing them a chance to make the playoffs and to repeat their championship. The final replacement game was a Monday Night Football matchup on October 19, 1987, with the Washington Redskins at the Dallas Cowboys. Along with the Philadelphia Eagles, the Redskins were the only other NFL team not to have any players cross the picket line and were surprising 13–7 victors over the Cowboys who had plenty of big name players cross the picket line.

Paragraph 17: Mitr Phol sugar business was established as a small family business in Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi Province, producing and trading condensed syrup to sugar mills in 1946. In 1956, the company began to produce its own sugar. In 1983, Mitr Phu Kieo Sugar Mill was constructed in Phu Khiao District, Chaiyaphum Province, with a sugarcane processing capacity of 27,000 tonnes per day. In 1990, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill in Suphanburi Province was established with a processing capacity of 45,500 tonnes per day. The company expanded its business internationally in 1993 to Guangxi Province, China with four mills. Mitr Phol owns seven sugar mills in Guangxi and with an annual capacity of approximately 10 million tonnes of cane, or approximately 1.3 million tonnes of sugar per year. In 1994, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill (Suphanburi Province) was the first mill in Thailand certified by ISO 9002 and has been recognized with a National Certificate of Excellence and Global Standards. In 1995, Mitr Phol took over a sugar company in Phu Wiang District, Khon Kaen Province and named it Mitr Phol Phu Wiang Sugar Mill. In 1997, Mitr Phol constructed a sugar mill in Hai Tung County, China. Later in the same year, Mitr Kalasin Sugar Mill was established, in Kuchinarai District, Kalasin Province, with a processing capacity of 23,000 tonnes per day. In 2006, Mitr Phol broadened its production to Savannakhet Province, Laos and established Mitr Lao Sugar Co., Ltd. to develop sugarcane farming with advanced production technology to export to the European Union. Mitr Phol further expanded its investments to Queensland, Australia.

Paragraph 18: Phaneuf set a Flames record for most goals by a first-year defenceman and was named a finalist for the Calder Memorial Trophy as top rookie in 2005–06. Two years later, he was a finalist for the James Norris Memorial Trophy as top defenceman. During his career, Phaneuf was involved in two blockbuster trades. The first came in late 2009, when he was involved in a seven-player trade that saw him move from Calgary to Toronto. Six years later, Phaneuf was the centrepiece of a nine-player trade that saw him sent to Ottawa. He was traded to Los Angeles nearing the trade deadline in February 2018.

Paragraph 19: The Alhambra Decree (also known as the Edict of Expulsion; Spanish: Decreto de la Alhambra, Edicto de Granada) was an edict issued on 31 March 1492, by the joint Catholic Monarchs of Spain (Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon) ordering the expulsion of practising Jews from the Crowns of Castile and Aragon and its territories and possessions by 31 July of that year. The primary purpose was to eliminate the influence of practising Jews on Spain's large formerly-Jewish converso New Christian population, to ensure the latter and their descendants did not revert to Judaism. Over half of Spain's Jews had converted as a result of the religious persecution and pogroms which occurred in 1391. Due to continuing attacks, around 50,000 more had converted by 1415. A further number of those remaining chose to convert to avoid expulsion. As a result of the Alhambra decree and persecution in the years leading up to the expulsion, of Spain's estimated 300,000 Jewish origin population, a total of over 200,000 had converted to Catholicism to remain in Spain, and between 40,000 and 100,000 remained Jewish and suffered expulsion. An unknown number of the expelled eventually succumbed to the pressures of life in exile away from formerly-Jewish relatives and networks back in Spain, and so converted to Catholicism to be allowed to return in the years following expulsion.:17

Paragraph 20: For their first match of Stage 4, which would include the implementation of an enforced 2-2-2 role lock by the league, the Titans faced the Dragons in a rematch of the Stage 3 Semifinals; Vancouver took their revenge and won the match 3–1. Three days later, the team took on the Florida Mayhem. Vancouver's DPS Kim "Haksal" Hyo-jong on Genji dominated throughout the match, as he amassed 27 Dragonblade kills during the match to set an Overwatch League record for most Dragonblade kills per 10 minutes, and the Titans went on to sweep the Mayhem 4–0. The following week, the Titans faced the Washington Justice. Justice's DPS Corey "Corey" Nigra led the Justice throughout the match, as he broke the Overwatch League record for critical hit accuracy on Hanzo; in a major upset, the Justice handed the Titans their first-ever 0–4 loss and only their second loss in the entire regular season. The team took on the London Spitfire on August 8 for their first match of week three. While the Spitfire took map one Busan, the Titans came right back with their own win on map two Temple of Anubis to tie up the series. The teams split the next to maps to push the match into a fifth tiebreaker map; Vancouver edged out London on Ilios and won the match 3–2. The team's next match was against the Philadelphia Fusion three days later; the Titans took a clean 4–0 win. For their final week of play, the Titans headed to The Novo in Los Angeles to play in the Kit Kat Rivalry Weekend, hosted by the Los Angeles Valiant. Vancouver's first match of the weekend was against the San Francisco Shock on August 24. It was the fourth meeting between the two teams in the 2019 season, and the Titans held a 2–1 head-to-head record over the Shock. After dismantling the Shock on Lijiang Tower, Vancouver fell on Volskaya Industries. The two teams traded wins on maps three and four, pushing the match to a fifth tiebreaker match; the Titans were dominated on map five, leading to a 2–3 match loss. The team's final match of the regular season was against the Atlantic Division Champions New York Excelsior a day later. The two teams traded map wins throughout the match; after four maps the series was tied, forcing the match to a fifth map. Vancouver and New York both took a point in the final map, Lijiang Tower, but the Titans came out on top close out the regular season with a 3–2 match victory.

Paragraph 21: Dating to the 15th century, it has been in ruins since at least 1657 when it was described as "only old walls". The church and graveyard are set in a very prominent position at the North end of a ridge. The graveyard is a substantial earthwork, now rectangular in plan, 52m E-W x 42m N-S. The East gable of the church stands to the original height, while the West gable is reduced to foundations. A cross slab of Early Christian type from the site is now built into the gable of the porch of the Catholic church in Chapeltown nearby 

Paragraph 22:  Long-term interest rates (average yields for 10yr government bonds in the past year): Shall be no more than 2.0 percentage points higher than the unweighted arithmetic average of the similar 10-year government bond yields in the 3 EU member states with the lowest HICP inflation (having qualified as benchmark countries for the calculation of the HICP reference value). If any of the 3 EU member states in concern are suffering from interest rates significantly higher than the "GDP-weighted eurozone average interest rate", and at the same time by the end of the assessment period have no complete funding access to the financial lending markets (which will be the case for as long as a country is unable to issue new government bonds with 10-year maturity – instead being dependent on disbursements from a sovereign state bailout programme), then such a country will not qualify as a benchmark country for the reference value; which then only will be calculated upon data from fewer than 3 EU member states. In example, Ireland was found to be an interest rate outlier not qualifying for the reference value calculation in the assessment month March 2012, when it was measured to have a long-term interest rate average being 4.71 percentage points above the eurozone average – while at the same time having no complete access to the financial lending markets. When Ireland was assessed again in April 2013, it was, however, deemed no longer to be an outlier, due to posting a long-term interest rate average only 1.59 percentage points above the eurozone average – while also having regained complete access to the financial lending markets for the last 1.5 month of the assessment period. A final relevant example appeared in April 2014, when Portugal likewise was found not to be an interest rate outlier, due to posting a long-term interest rate average being 2.89 percentage points above the eurozone average – while having regained complete access to the financial lending markets for the last 12 months of the assessment period.

Paragraph 23: Also for reasons of historical verisimilitude, factions, provinces on the campaign map and factions' family members have been given vernacular names in Europa Barbarorum, rather than having Latinised or Anglicised ones, as in Rome: Total War. So, for instance, the original game's Armenia faction is known as Hayasdan in Europa Barbarorum, and Germania as the Sweboz. Instead of having to play one's first campaign as a Roman faction and only subsequently unlock playable campaigns as non-Romans by defeating them in the Roman campaign, all twenty of Europa Barbarorums playable factions can be accessed by the player from the start. Furthermore, the one unplayable and three playable Roman factions of the original have been combined into a single playable faction in Europa Barbarorum, the Romani. Dissatisfied with the homogeneity of the factions of the original Rome: Total War, the Europa Barbarorum development team have sought to differentiate the playing experiences of the game's different factions. So, for example, Rome: Total Wars trait-acquisition system, where the player's faction's family members acquire certain characteristics and talents which make them more or less adept at certain tasks such as city management or military leadership, has been made more faction-specific in Europa Barbarorum, with Hellenic characters' traits, for instance, being based on Theophrastos' Characters and Aristotle's teachings on the Golden Mean, and Romans' traits being partially based on the moral tales of Valerius Maximus. There are sometimes additional requirements for a family member to be able to gain a new trait: in order for them to compete in one of the Panhellenic Games, for instance, the player must ensure that they are stationed in the appropriate city on the campaign map in the year that the competition is scheduled to take place. One reviewer has commented that Europa Barbarorums expansions upon the original Rome: Total Wars trait system have served to add a role-playing element to the game.

Paragraph 24: Dating to the 15th century, it has been in ruins since at least 1657 when it was described as "only old walls". The church and graveyard are set in a very prominent position at the North end of a ridge. The graveyard is a substantial earthwork, now rectangular in plan, 52m E-W x 42m N-S. The East gable of the church stands to the original height, while the West gable is reduced to foundations. A cross slab of Early Christian type from the site is now built into the gable of the porch of the Catholic church in Chapeltown nearby 

Paragraph 25: The manuscript was restored and a table of contents and extensive scholia added in Byzantine Greek minuscule, by the patriarchal notary John Chortasmenos in 1406. In the mid 1400s it was used to create the Pope Alexander VII Dioscorides, now in the Vatican Library, by the monks of St. John the Baptist Greek orthodox monastery in Constantinople. After the fall of Constantinople in 1453 a subsequent owner handwrote each plant's name in Arabic and Hebrew. The manuscript, still in Istanbul a century after the fall of the city, was purchased from Moses Hamon, the Arabic-speaking, Jewish physician to sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, by the Flemish diplomat Ogier Ghiselin de Busbecq, who was in the employ of Emperor Ferdinand I of the Austrian Habsburgs. The manuscript is now held among the manuscripts of the Austrian National Library () in Vienna, where it is identified as the Codex Vindobonensis med. gr. 1. The manuscript was inscribed on UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme Register in 1997 in recognition of its historical significance.

Paragraph 26: Also for reasons of historical verisimilitude, factions, provinces on the campaign map and factions' family members have been given vernacular names in Europa Barbarorum, rather than having Latinised or Anglicised ones, as in Rome: Total War. So, for instance, the original game's Armenia faction is known as Hayasdan in Europa Barbarorum, and Germania as the Sweboz. Instead of having to play one's first campaign as a Roman faction and only subsequently unlock playable campaigns as non-Romans by defeating them in the Roman campaign, all twenty of Europa Barbarorums playable factions can be accessed by the player from the start. Furthermore, the one unplayable and three playable Roman factions of the original have been combined into a single playable faction in Europa Barbarorum, the Romani. Dissatisfied with the homogeneity of the factions of the original Rome: Total War, the Europa Barbarorum development team have sought to differentiate the playing experiences of the game's different factions. So, for example, Rome: Total Wars trait-acquisition system, where the player's faction's family members acquire certain characteristics and talents which make them more or less adept at certain tasks such as city management or military leadership, has been made more faction-specific in Europa Barbarorum, with Hellenic characters' traits, for instance, being based on Theophrastos' Characters and Aristotle's teachings on the Golden Mean, and Romans' traits being partially based on the moral tales of Valerius Maximus. There are sometimes additional requirements for a family member to be able to gain a new trait: in order for them to compete in one of the Panhellenic Games, for instance, the player must ensure that they are stationed in the appropriate city on the campaign map in the year that the competition is scheduled to take place. One reviewer has commented that Europa Barbarorums expansions upon the original Rome: Total Wars trait system have served to add a role-playing element to the game.

Paragraph 27: The Alhambra Decree (also known as the Edict of Expulsion; Spanish: Decreto de la Alhambra, Edicto de Granada) was an edict issued on 31 March 1492, by the joint Catholic Monarchs of Spain (Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon) ordering the expulsion of practising Jews from the Crowns of Castile and Aragon and its territories and possessions by 31 July of that year. The primary purpose was to eliminate the influence of practising Jews on Spain's large formerly-Jewish converso New Christian population, to ensure the latter and their descendants did not revert to Judaism. Over half of Spain's Jews had converted as a result of the religious persecution and pogroms which occurred in 1391. Due to continuing attacks, around 50,000 more had converted by 1415. A further number of those remaining chose to convert to avoid expulsion. As a result of the Alhambra decree and persecution in the years leading up to the expulsion, of Spain's estimated 300,000 Jewish origin population, a total of over 200,000 had converted to Catholicism to remain in Spain, and between 40,000 and 100,000 remained Jewish and suffered expulsion. An unknown number of the expelled eventually succumbed to the pressures of life in exile away from formerly-Jewish relatives and networks back in Spain, and so converted to Catholicism to be allowed to return in the years following expulsion.:17

Paragraph 28: For their first match of Stage 4, which would include the implementation of an enforced 2-2-2 role lock by the league, the Titans faced the Dragons in a rematch of the Stage 3 Semifinals; Vancouver took their revenge and won the match 3–1. Three days later, the team took on the Florida Mayhem. Vancouver's DPS Kim "Haksal" Hyo-jong on Genji dominated throughout the match, as he amassed 27 Dragonblade kills during the match to set an Overwatch League record for most Dragonblade kills per 10 minutes, and the Titans went on to sweep the Mayhem 4–0. The following week, the Titans faced the Washington Justice. Justice's DPS Corey "Corey" Nigra led the Justice throughout the match, as he broke the Overwatch League record for critical hit accuracy on Hanzo; in a major upset, the Justice handed the Titans their first-ever 0–4 loss and only their second loss in the entire regular season. The team took on the London Spitfire on August 8 for their first match of week three. While the Spitfire took map one Busan, the Titans came right back with their own win on map two Temple of Anubis to tie up the series. The teams split the next to maps to push the match into a fifth tiebreaker map; Vancouver edged out London on Ilios and won the match 3–2. The team's next match was against the Philadelphia Fusion three days later; the Titans took a clean 4–0 win. For their final week of play, the Titans headed to The Novo in Los Angeles to play in the Kit Kat Rivalry Weekend, hosted by the Los Angeles Valiant. Vancouver's first match of the weekend was against the San Francisco Shock on August 24. It was the fourth meeting between the two teams in the 2019 season, and the Titans held a 2–1 head-to-head record over the Shock. After dismantling the Shock on Lijiang Tower, Vancouver fell on Volskaya Industries. The two teams traded wins on maps three and four, pushing the match to a fifth tiebreaker match; the Titans were dominated on map five, leading to a 2–3 match loss. The team's final match of the regular season was against the Atlantic Division Champions New York Excelsior a day later. The two teams traded map wins throughout the match; after four maps the series was tied, forcing the match to a fifth map. Vancouver and New York both took a point in the final map, Lijiang Tower, but the Titans came out on top close out the regular season with a 3–2 match victory.

Paragraph 29: The outside of the structure is an example of Italian medieval architecture with Gothic influences. The lower story is stone while the upper crenellated stories are made of brick.  The facade of the palace is curved slightly inwards (concave) to reflect the outwards curve (convex) of the Piazza del Campo, Siena's central square, of which the Palace is the focal point. At the top of this facade is a huge round flat bronze plate [Christogram], the symbol used by Saint Bernardino. It was placed there by the government in 1425 in gratitude to the great preacher, a native Sienese, for his sermons aimed at quelling social and political factionalism and unrest.

Paragraph 30: Dating to the 15th century, it has been in ruins since at least 1657 when it was described as "only old walls". The church and graveyard are set in a very prominent position at the North end of a ridge. The graveyard is a substantial earthwork, now rectangular in plan, 52m E-W x 42m N-S. The East gable of the church stands to the original height, while the West gable is reduced to foundations. A cross slab of Early Christian type from the site is now built into the gable of the porch of the Catholic church in Chapeltown nearby 

Paragraph 31: The development of the predatory imminence continuum began with the description of species-specific defence reactions. Species-specific defence reactions are innate responses demonstrated by an animal when they experience a threat. Since survival behaviours are so vital for an animal to acquire and demonstrate rapidly, it has been theorized that these defence reactions would not have time to be learned and therefore, must be innate. While these behaviours are species-specific, there are three general categories of defence reactions - fleeing, freezing, and threatening. Species-specific defence reactions are now recognized as being organized in a hierarchical system where different behaviours are exhibited, depending on the level of threat experienced. However, when this concept was first proposed, the dominant species-specific defence reaction in a certain context was thought to be controlled by operant conditioning. That is, if a species-specific defence reaction was unsuccessful in evading or controlling conflict, the hierarchical system would be rearranged because of the punishment, in the form of failure, experienced by an animal. It would then be unlikely for that species-specific defence reaction to be used in a similar situation again; instead, an alternative behaviour would be dominant. However, if the dominant behaviour was successful it would remain the recurring behaviour for that situation. After experimentation, this theory was met with much opposition, even by the person who proposed it. One point of opposition was found through the use of shock on rats and the species-specific defence reaction of freezing. This experiment found that while punishment did seem to affect freezing, it was not through response weakening but through the evoking of different levels of the behaviour. Other criticisms for this theory focused on the inability for species-specific defence reactions to effectively rearrange in this manner in natural situations. It has been argued that there would not be enough time for punishment, in the form of an animal being unsuccessful in its defence, to reorder the hierarchy of species-specific defence reactions. The rejection of the operant conditioning mechanism for the reorganization of species-specific defence reactions, led to the development of the predatory imminence continuum. The organization of defensive behaviours can be attributed to the level of threat an animal perceives itself to be in. This theory is one of adaptiveness, as the dominant defence reaction is the behaviour which is most effective in allowing the survival of the animal and the one which is most effective in preventing an increasing level of threat, also known as increasing imminence. The probability of being killed by a predator, known as predatory imminence, is what is responsible for the expressed defensive behaviour. The predatory imminence is dependent on many factors such as the distance from a predator, the potential for escape, and the likelihood of meeting a predator. Three general categories of defensive behaviours, based on increasing predatory imminence, have been identified. These are labelled as pre-encounter, post-encounter, and circa-strike defensive behaviours.

Paragraph 32: Mitr Phol sugar business was established as a small family business in Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi Province, producing and trading condensed syrup to sugar mills in 1946. In 1956, the company began to produce its own sugar. In 1983, Mitr Phu Kieo Sugar Mill was constructed in Phu Khiao District, Chaiyaphum Province, with a sugarcane processing capacity of 27,000 tonnes per day. In 1990, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill in Suphanburi Province was established with a processing capacity of 45,500 tonnes per day. The company expanded its business internationally in 1993 to Guangxi Province, China with four mills. Mitr Phol owns seven sugar mills in Guangxi and with an annual capacity of approximately 10 million tonnes of cane, or approximately 1.3 million tonnes of sugar per year. In 1994, Mitr Phol Sugar Mill (Suphanburi Province) was the first mill in Thailand certified by ISO 9002 and has been recognized with a National Certificate of Excellence and Global Standards. In 1995, Mitr Phol took over a sugar company in Phu Wiang District, Khon Kaen Province and named it Mitr Phol Phu Wiang Sugar Mill. In 1997, Mitr Phol constructed a sugar mill in Hai Tung County, China. Later in the same year, Mitr Kalasin Sugar Mill was established, in Kuchinarai District, Kalasin Province, with a processing capacity of 23,000 tonnes per day. In 2006, Mitr Phol broadened its production to Savannakhet Province, Laos and established Mitr Lao Sugar Co., Ltd. to develop sugarcane farming with advanced production technology to export to the European Union. Mitr Phol further expanded its investments to Queensland, Australia.

Paragraph 33: The Alhambra Decree (also known as the Edict of Expulsion; Spanish: Decreto de la Alhambra, Edicto de Granada) was an edict issued on 31 March 1492, by the joint Catholic Monarchs of Spain (Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon) ordering the expulsion of practising Jews from the Crowns of Castile and Aragon and its territories and possessions by 31 July of that year. The primary purpose was to eliminate the influence of practising Jews on Spain's large formerly-Jewish converso New Christian population, to ensure the latter and their descendants did not revert to Judaism. Over half of Spain's Jews had converted as a result of the religious persecution and pogroms which occurred in 1391. Due to continuing attacks, around 50,000 more had converted by 1415. A further number of those remaining chose to convert to avoid expulsion. As a result of the Alhambra decree and persecution in the years leading up to the expulsion, of Spain's estimated 300,000 Jewish origin population, a total of over 200,000 had converted to Catholicism to remain in Spain, and between 40,000 and 100,000 remained Jewish and suffered expulsion. An unknown number of the expelled eventually succumbed to the pressures of life in exile away from formerly-Jewish relatives and networks back in Spain, and so converted to Catholicism to be allowed to return in the years following expulsion.:17

Paragraph 34: Also for reasons of historical verisimilitude, factions, provinces on the campaign map and factions' family members have been given vernacular names in Europa Barbarorum, rather than having Latinised or Anglicised ones, as in Rome: Total War. So, for instance, the original game's Armenia faction is known as Hayasdan in Europa Barbarorum, and Germania as the Sweboz. Instead of having to play one's first campaign as a Roman faction and only subsequently unlock playable campaigns as non-Romans by defeating them in the Roman campaign, all twenty of Europa Barbarorums playable factions can be accessed by the player from the start. Furthermore, the one unplayable and three playable Roman factions of the original have been combined into a single playable faction in Europa Barbarorum, the Romani. Dissatisfied with the homogeneity of the factions of the original Rome: Total War, the Europa Barbarorum development team have sought to differentiate the playing experiences of the game's different factions. So, for example, Rome: Total Wars trait-acquisition system, where the player's faction's family members acquire certain characteristics and talents which make them more or less adept at certain tasks such as city management or military leadership, has been made more faction-specific in Europa Barbarorum, with Hellenic characters' traits, for instance, being based on Theophrastos' Characters and Aristotle's teachings on the Golden Mean, and Romans' traits being partially based on the moral tales of Valerius Maximus. There are sometimes additional requirements for a family member to be able to gain a new trait: in order for them to compete in one of the Panhellenic Games, for instance, the player must ensure that they are stationed in the appropriate city on the campaign map in the year that the competition is scheduled to take place. One reviewer has commented that Europa Barbarorums expansions upon the original Rome: Total Wars trait system have served to add a role-playing element to the game.

Paragraph 35: Sameera comes to India and lives with Raghavamma. Irfan and Sameera become best friends from enemies, and Sagar and Sameera are in a relationship. Rekha, childhood friend of Sagar, loves Sagar and Sagar's brother Rahul is a close ally of James. As Rekha is rich, Rahul and Sagar's mother want to marry Rekha to Sagar. Sagar, jealous of the growing friendship between Sammera and Irfan, badly beats her up and tries to rape her, and while escaping she falls down a flight of stairs and her leg is broken. Due to this, Sameera breaks off her marriage to Sagar. James frames Sameera falsely in a drug case and Sagar's family emotionally blackmail him into marrying Rekha. Irfan and Wilson help Sameera to get released from jail. Rekha tests HIV positive and everyone except Sagar, Rahul and Sameera shun her and illtreat her. Jagan comes to meet Wilson, threatens Sameera whole asking for Wilson and Sameera pushes him in self defense. Japan gets a head injury and forgets his past life. Sameera asks Irfan's help to save Jagan, and it is revealed that Jagan falsely testified against Sameera as a witness in the drug case and later rescinded it after being blackmailed. Rekha realizes the kind nature of Sameera and decides to reunite Sagar and Sameera, who have broken up due to Sagar's violent nature, misunderstanding caused by Rekha in-between the two and Sagar sleeping with Rekha while being in a relation with Sameera. Sameera refuses. Banerjee wants to kill Jagan, James, Gayathri and DIG Sreenivas, wanting revenge on Irfan, provoke Banerjee into attacking Wilson, who gets Banerjee arrested. Banerjee tells Wilson and Irfan that Jangan killed his son and his wife died of shock. Wilson, having lost Iqbal similarly decides to hand over Jagan to Banerjee. Seeing Sameera in danger, Jagan decides to surrender, but falls unconscious and remembers his past. It is revealed that Banerjee killed Jagan's parents when they found out the wrongdoings of Banerjee, took in Jagan and when found out that Jagan collected proofs against him, Banerjee planted a bomb in his car, and killed his own son, and his wife died due to shock. Sagar, seeing Jagan and Sameera close in college, violently takes her to a secluded place, attacks her and while trying to escape Sameera gets badly injured and goes into coma. Irfan finds out the truth, Indra gets Sagar arrested and Rekha takes Sravanthi's side. After Sameera gains consciousness, they decide to take the case back to save Sagar's career and warn him not to repeat this with anyone else or they will go to court next time. Sagar realizes his love for Rekha, Rahul insults Sameera in college. Despite all this, Jagan and Sameera fall in love, Sravanthi finds out Zubeida/Vennela is her daughter, Vennela gives birth to her and Irfan's son Iqbal, and she is taken to Australia. Wilson makes everyone believe Vennela is dead, makes James believe he killed her and gets James and Gayathri arrested for all their wrongdoings. They discover that Vennela is alive. James, unable to bear that Gayathri may kill herself due to her mental imbalance and staying away from James, begs Wilson and Indra's father to take back the case. They see the condition of Gayathri and out of humanity take the case back with a warning to James to never come near them again. James takes Gayathri to America after trying to search for Hema, writes a letter to Indra's father and sends a bouquet to Sameera and Jagan for their wedding, and writes in the letter expressing regret for his actions all these years, asks him to take care of Gayathri if anything happens to James. Jagan and Sameera get married and Chakravam comes to a happy end.

Paragraph 36: The  Kaj Strand Telescope (or Kaj Strand Astrometric Reflector, KSAR) remains the largest telescope operated by the U.S. Navy. Congress appropriated funding in 1961 and it saw first light in 1964. This status will change when the NPOI four 1.8-meter telescopes see their own first light in the near future. KSAR rides in the arms of an equatorial fork mount. The telescope is used in both the visible spectrum, and in the near infrared (NIR), the latter using a sub-30-kelvin, helium-refrigerated, InSb (Indium antimonide) camera, "Astrocam". In 1978, the 1.55-m telescope was used to "discover the moon of dwarf planet Pluto, named 'Charon'". (Pluto itself was discovered in 1930, across town at Lowell Observatory). The Charon discovery led to mass calculations which ultimately revealed how tiny Pluto was, and eventually caused the IAU to reclassify Pluto as a dwarf (not a principal) planet. The 1.55-meter telescope was also used to observe and track NASA's Deep Impact Spacecraft, as it navigated to a successful inter-planetary impact with the celebrated Comet 9p/Tempel, in 2005. This telescope is particularly well-suited to perform stellar parallax studies, narrow-field astrometry supporting space navigation, and has also played a key role in discovering one of the coolest-ever known brown dwarf objects, in 2002. The KSAR dome is centrally located on NOFS grounds, with support and office buildings attached to the dome structures. The large vacuum coating chamber facility is also located in this complex. The chamber can provide very accurate coatings and overcoatings of  Angstrom thickness (approximately 56 aluminium atoms thick), for small-to-multi-ton optics up to  in diameter, in a vacuum exceeding , using a vertical-optic, 1500-ampere discharge system. A dielectric coating capability has also been demonstrated. Large optics and telescope components can be moved about NOFS using its suite of cranes, lifts, cargo elevators and specialized carts. The main complex also contains a controlled-environment, optical and electronics lab for laser, adaptive optics, optics development, collimation, mechanical, and micro-electronic control systems needed for NOFS and NPOI.

Paragraph 37: Alexandra has short black hair, light brown eyes, and dark skin; she dons a yellow catsuit on missions. She is described in the Télétoon profile as the best friend character, affectionate and not afraid to show her feelings. She enjoys sports and athletics but also shares her friends' fashion interests. She is the most naive and absent-minded of the three, sometimes interpreting figures of speech literally, often thinking it was actually going dark just because something is blocking her sight, or picking up and eating foodstuff at crime scenes that is potentially harmful. In the episode "Do You Believe In Magic", it is revealed Alex is the youngest of the three girls (and Clover the oldest). Her driving ability becomes a running gag in some episodes, despite the fact that she keeps getting to take the wheel and proves to be capable of improvising dangerous car stunts. She is sensitive and sometimes gets down on herself. Starting with season 3, Alex reveals interests in Taekwondo, skateboarding, soccer and video games. Alex appears to be racially mixed at first, having a dark-skinned mother and a white father in the season 4 episode "Alex Gets Schooled"; however, her father later appears with a completely different physical appearance, notably with dark skin in the season 6 episode "Evil Ice Skater". In Totally Spies! The Movie, which takes place when the girls first transfer to Beverly Hills High, she adopts a piglet whom she names  (), who does not appear in seasons 1-5 but recurs in season 6 when the girls have already gone to college. Although Alex says she is allergic to cats in season 1 episode "Wild Style", in "Evil Mascot", she handles Sigmund Smith's stray kitten without any allergic reaction, and she later works in a university cat lab in season 6 episode "Nine Lives" without problems. Like Sam and Clover, her last name has never been revealed but in "Evil Ice Skater," Jerry refers to her father as "Dr. Casoy" but it's unknown if that's Alex's last name or not. 

Paragraph 38: It is useful to keep in mind that although the waves traverse the entire expansion chamber over each cycle, the actual gases leaving the cylinder during a particular cycle do not. The gas flows and stops intermittently and the wave continues on to the end of the pipe. The hot gases leaving the port form a "slug" which fills the header pipe and remains there for the duration of that cycle. This causes a high temperature zone in the head pipe which is always filled with the most recent and hottest gas. Because this area is hotter, the speed of sound and thus the speed of the waves that travel through it are increased. During the next cycle that slug of gas will be pushed down the pipe by the next slug to occupy the next zone and so on. The volume this "slug" occupies constantly varies according to throttle position and engine speed. It is only the wave energy itself that traverses the whole pipe during a single cycle. The actual gas leaving the pipe during a particular cycle was created two or three cycles earlier. This is why exhaust gas sampling on two stroke engines is done with a special valve right in the exhaust port. The gas exiting the stinger has had too much resident time and mixing with gas from other cycles causing errors in analysis.

Paragraph 39: A 24-day players' strike was called after Week 2. The games that were scheduled for the third week of the season were cancelled, reducing the 16-game season to 15, but the games for Weeks 4, 5 and 6 were played with replacement players. The NFLPA actually ended the strike before the Week 6 slate of games, but the NFL owners' unanimously nixed their return that week because the union had missed an owner-mandated deadline that week to be eligible to return, and would have to wait until Week 7 to resume playing. Approximately 15% of the NFLPA’s players chose to cross picket lines to play during the strike; prominent players who did so included New York Jets defensive end Mark Gastineau, Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Randy White, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Joe Montana, 49ers running back Roger Craig, New England Patriots quarterback Doug Flutie and Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Steve Largent. The replacement players were mostly those left out of work by the recent folding of the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes and the 1986 dissolution of the United States Football League, as well as others who had been preseason cuts, had long left professional football or were other assorted oddities (such as cinematographer Todd Schlopy, who, despite never playing professional football before or after the strike, served as placekicker for his hometown Buffalo Bills for three games). The replacement players, called to play on short notice and having little chance to gel as teammates, were widely treated with scorn by the press and general public, including name-calling, public shaming and accusations of being scabs. The games played by these replacement players were regarded with even less legitimacy – attendance plummeted to under 10,000 fans at many of the games in smaller markets and cities with strong union presence, including a low of 4,074 for the lone replacement game played in Philadelphia) — but nonetheless were counted as regular NFL games. Final television revenues were down by about 20%, a smaller drop than the networks had expected. The defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants went 0–3 in replacement games, ultimately costing them a chance to make the playoffs and to repeat their championship. The final replacement game was a Monday Night Football matchup on October 19, 1987, with the Washington Redskins at the Dallas Cowboys. Along with the Philadelphia Eagles, the Redskins were the only other NFL team not to have any players cross the picket line and were surprising 13–7 victors over the Cowboys who had plenty of big name players cross the picket line.

Paragraph 40: Sameera comes to India and lives with Raghavamma. Irfan and Sameera become best friends from enemies, and Sagar and Sameera are in a relationship. Rekha, childhood friend of Sagar, loves Sagar and Sagar's brother Rahul is a close ally of James. As Rekha is rich, Rahul and Sagar's mother want to marry Rekha to Sagar. Sagar, jealous of the growing friendship between Sammera and Irfan, badly beats her up and tries to rape her, and while escaping she falls down a flight of stairs and her leg is broken. Due to this, Sameera breaks off her marriage to Sagar. James frames Sameera falsely in a drug case and Sagar's family emotionally blackmail him into marrying Rekha. Irfan and Wilson help Sameera to get released from jail. Rekha tests HIV positive and everyone except Sagar, Rahul and Sameera shun her and illtreat her. Jagan comes to meet Wilson, threatens Sameera whole asking for Wilson and Sameera pushes him in self defense. Japan gets a head injury and forgets his past life. Sameera asks Irfan's help to save Jagan, and it is revealed that Jagan falsely testified against Sameera as a witness in the drug case and later rescinded it after being blackmailed. Rekha realizes the kind nature of Sameera and decides to reunite Sagar and Sameera, who have broken up due to Sagar's violent nature, misunderstanding caused by Rekha in-between the two and Sagar sleeping with Rekha while being in a relation with Sameera. Sameera refuses. Banerjee wants to kill Jagan, James, Gayathri and DIG Sreenivas, wanting revenge on Irfan, provoke Banerjee into attacking Wilson, who gets Banerjee arrested. Banerjee tells Wilson and Irfan that Jangan killed his son and his wife died of shock. Wilson, having lost Iqbal similarly decides to hand over Jagan to Banerjee. Seeing Sameera in danger, Jagan decides to surrender, but falls unconscious and remembers his past. It is revealed that Banerjee killed Jagan's parents when they found out the wrongdoings of Banerjee, took in Jagan and when found out that Jagan collected proofs against him, Banerjee planted a bomb in his car, and killed his own son, and his wife died due to shock. Sagar, seeing Jagan and Sameera close in college, violently takes her to a secluded place, attacks her and while trying to escape Sameera gets badly injured and goes into coma. Irfan finds out the truth, Indra gets Sagar arrested and Rekha takes Sravanthi's side. After Sameera gains consciousness, they decide to take the case back to save Sagar's career and warn him not to repeat this with anyone else or they will go to court next time. Sagar realizes his love for Rekha, Rahul insults Sameera in college. Despite all this, Jagan and Sameera fall in love, Sravanthi finds out Zubeida/Vennela is her daughter, Vennela gives birth to her and Irfan's son Iqbal, and she is taken to Australia. Wilson makes everyone believe Vennela is dead, makes James believe he killed her and gets James and Gayathri arrested for all their wrongdoings. They discover that Vennela is alive. James, unable to bear that Gayathri may kill herself due to her mental imbalance and staying away from James, begs Wilson and Indra's father to take back the case. They see the condition of Gayathri and out of humanity take the case back with a warning to James to never come near them again. James takes Gayathri to America after trying to search for Hema, writes a letter to Indra's father and sends a bouquet to Sameera and Jagan for their wedding, and writes in the letter expressing regret for his actions all these years, asks him to take care of Gayathri if anything happens to James. Jagan and Sameera get married and Chakravam comes to a happy end.

Paragraph 41: Zell was born at Hanau am Main, date unknown. He learned the art of printing before 1462 in the printing establishment of Johann Fust and Peter Schöffer, and seems, shortly after the catastrophe of 1462, to have gone to Cologne, whose university gave promise of a market for printed works. Zell was printing at Cologne apparently as early as 1463, although his first dated book is 1466. His work as printer and publisher can be traced up to the year 1502; altogether about 120 of his publications are known. Of these, however, only nine bear his name, but in all probability he printed and published many more. In outline and cut his six kinds of type are strikingly similar to the "Durandus" and "Clements" types of Fust and Schoffer; it would even seem that a number of the matrices of the "Clements" type had been used. Most of the books printed by Zell were text-books in quarto form for the university. Among the fine productions of his printing shop is an undated edition of the Latin Bible in two volumes. At first he called himself clericus (of the lower orders), but as early as 1471 he married and became a citizen and householder of Cologne. In 1473 he bought the important manorial estate of "Lyskirchen", to which he transferred the main part of his business. In the colophons of his books the place of business is called "apud Lyskirchen". The purchase, sometime later, of various houses, lands, and properties yielding revenues, show that Zell had become a prosperous man. It is also proof of his importance that for a long time he filled the office of Kirchenmeister (church-master) of "S. Maria an Lyskirchen". Of much importance in the history of the discovery of printing is Zell's statement, preserved in the Chronicle of Cologne of 1499, that the year 1450 was the date of the beginning of printing, that the country-squire Johann Gutenberg was the inventor of it, and that the first book printed was the Latin Bible, the Vulgate.

Paragraph 42: A 24-day players' strike was called after Week 2. The games that were scheduled for the third week of the season were cancelled, reducing the 16-game season to 15, but the games for Weeks 4, 5 and 6 were played with replacement players. The NFLPA actually ended the strike before the Week 6 slate of games, but the NFL owners' unanimously nixed their return that week because the union had missed an owner-mandated deadline that week to be eligible to return, and would have to wait until Week 7 to resume playing. Approximately 15% of the NFLPA’s players chose to cross picket lines to play during the strike; prominent players who did so included New York Jets defensive end Mark Gastineau, Dallas Cowboys defensive tackle Randy White, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Joe Montana, 49ers running back Roger Craig, New England Patriots quarterback Doug Flutie and Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Steve Largent. The replacement players were mostly those left out of work by the recent folding of the Canadian Football League’s Montreal Alouettes and the 1986 dissolution of the United States Football League, as well as others who had been preseason cuts, had long left professional football or were other assorted oddities (such as cinematographer Todd Schlopy, who, despite never playing professional football before or after the strike, served as placekicker for his hometown Buffalo Bills for three games). The replacement players, called to play on short notice and having little chance to gel as teammates, were widely treated with scorn by the press and general public, including name-calling, public shaming and accusations of being scabs. The games played by these replacement players were regarded with even less legitimacy – attendance plummeted to under 10,000 fans at many of the games in smaller markets and cities with strong union presence, including a low of 4,074 for the lone replacement game played in Philadelphia) — but nonetheless were counted as regular NFL games. Final television revenues were down by about 20%, a smaller drop than the networks had expected. The defending Super Bowl champion New York Giants went 0–3 in replacement games, ultimately costing them a chance to make the playoffs and to repeat their championship. The final replacement game was a Monday Night Football matchup on October 19, 1987, with the Washington Redskins at the Dallas Cowboys. Along with the Philadelphia Eagles, the Redskins were the only other NFL team not to have any players cross the picket line and were surprising 13–7 victors over the Cowboys who had plenty of big name players cross the picket line.