Paragraph 1: When Seb is due to be released from young offenders, she meets with Phelan to encourage him to take Seb on as an apprentice at the building yard, which he agrees to. Nicola questions why Anna Windass (Debbie Rush), the adoptive mother of Seb's girlfriend Faye (Ellie Leach), does not like him. Phelan accompanies Nicola when she takes Seb to Liverpool for a talk by a former young offender. Nicola overhears Phelan talk to a man about her and she demands to know why. Phelan says he knew her parents, Annabel and Isaac. Nicola arranges for Phelan to meet Isaac and Phelan finds a bench dedicated to Nicola's parents, who are deceased. Nicola finds documents Phelan received about her and she confronts Phelan, who admits that he had an affair with her mother and she may be his daughter, but Nicola ridicules Phelan's claims. After talking with Phelan's wife, Eileen (Sue Cleaver), she softens up towards Phelan and they talk, however she does not want anything to do with him. Seb is sacked by Phelan when Seb finds out Phelan has been reading articles about Nicola. Seb gets Nicola to meet him, pretending the reason he was sacked is because he thinks Phelan is dying. Nicola is furious when she finds out Seb lied. Nicola asks Phelan for them to do a DNA test which confirms he is Nicola's father. Phelan snaps at Nicola when she suggests he donates a mattress from a house he has been secretly keeping Andy Carver (Oliver Farnworth) hostage, but he makes it up to Nicola by buying and donating brand new mattresses. Nicola and a police officer persuade Phelan to consider building a youth centre. Nicola encounters Faye's older brother, Gary Windass (Mikey North), on a night out and Gary confides in Nicola about the dangerous side of his security job. Nicola encourages him to confide in his ex-girlfriend Izzy Armstrong (Cherylee Houston) or his current girlfriend Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). When Gary learns that Nicola is Phelan's daughter, he confronts her over this and warns her to stay away from him - leaving Nicola confused. They later meet, however, and unintentionally end up sleeping together. Nicola soon finds out she is pregnant with Gary's baby and later goes to confide this secret to her mother's old neighbor: Lydia Hartman (Susan Twist). She then tells Lydia that Phelan is her biological father and shows her a photograph of being with him; this surprises Lydia, whom Nicola notices is left shaken by this - though Lydia covers up her worries by reassuring Nicola about her reaction. When Seb falls from a ladder and is hospitalized, Nicola ends up being in the same room as Anna and the two quickly bond over his situation as well as confiding to each other about their personal problems. Anna then tells Nicola how Phelan blackmailed her to have sex with him to end him overworking Gary and her former partner, Owen Armstrong (Ian Puleston-Davies), who were once in business with Phelan. Nicola then visits Lydia, who reveals that Phelan raped her mother, and that this is how Nicola was conceived. Nicola then confronts Phelan at her parents' bench, where she continually brands him a rapist for what he did to her mother and Anna, and claims she never wants to see Phelan again.

Paragraph 2: Berti was usually deployed in a central or holding midfield role. Despite his initial lack of notable elegance or technical ability, he was able to improve his ball skills significantly as his career progressed, showing great finesse and technical developments with time, and became known for his ability to run forward with the ball at speed from midfield due to his pace and athleticism, which made him difficult to contain during counter–attacks. He was an energetic, tenacious, and hard tackling box-to-box midfielder, who had a knack for committing fouls and picking up cards due to his aggressive challenges; although he was initially considered to be undisciplined from a tactical standpoint, as unlike most defensive midfielders, he preferred to put pressure on his opponents in more advanced midfield roles and press them further up the pitch rather than mainly sitting in front of his team's defence, he later demonstrated significantly improved tactical intelligence as he matured. A tall, slender, and dynamic footballer, he was known in particular for his pace, stamina, work-rate, vision, and passing range, which made him a versatile player, who was capable of playing anywhere in midfield; these skills allowed him to aid his team both defensively and offensively, or start attacking plays with long balls after obtaining possession. In addition to his ability to break down opposing plays, Berti was also effective in the air, which, along with his attacking drive, movement, and positional sense, as well as his powerful and accurate striking ability from distance, enabled him to run forward – either on or off the ball – after winning back possession, and contribute to his team's offensive play with additional goals from midfield. Although he was initially noted for his physical resemblance to playmaker Gianni Rivera in his youth, Berti's attributes and direct playing style later led him to be compared instead to his childhood idol, Marco Tardelli. During the 1994 World Cup final against Brazil, he was also used out of position as both a left and right–sided winger in a 4–4–2 formation by manager Arrigo Sacchi. Despite his ability, however, he was also known to be injury prone, which somewhat negatively effected the quality of his performances in his later career.

Paragraph 3: Negotiations with Austria began again in 1838. It was planned to build a connection from Salzburg to the proposed rail link from Vienna to Trieste. Austria had little interest in this project and, therefore, little was done in the following years. In Bavaria, where was a major economic crisis had broken out, Ludwig I said on 6 January 1842 that the completion of the construction of the Ludwig South-North Railway towards Austria was not possible. On 25 August 1843, a proposal for a west–east railway was finally issued. Ludwig I approved further negotiations with Austria on 22 October 1844. Friedrich August von Pauli, head of the Royal Railway Construction Commission (), travelled to Vienna in order to lead further negotiations. Austria also had limited resources for railway construction. On 10 September 1848, Joseph Anton von Maffei requested that the design, construction and operation be carried out by a private company. Maffei was then asked to present a plan. In the spring of 1849 the following route was selected: Munich–Glonn–Bad Aibling–Rosenheim–Prien am Chiemsee–Bernau am Chiemsee–Bergen–Freilassing–Salzburg. In August 1849, the plan for the foundation of a Munich-Rosenheim-Salzburg Railway Company (München-Rosenheim-Salzburger-Eisenbahn-Verein) was presented. The total cost would be 11 million guilders. The costs would be subscribed by 60,000 members of the company. The founding of the company was approved on 9 March 1850. The authorities sought to avoid a dispute over the route by modifying it. The new route ran via Holzkirchen rather than Glonn to give a better connection to the Miesbach coal field. Bavaria and Austria agreed to a treaty on 21 June 1851. This committed Bavaria to finish the Munich–Rosenheim–Kufstein/Salzburg railway by 1 March 1858. Austria was obliged, in return, to build a railway from Kufstein to Innsbruck by 1 March 1856 and to build a link from Salzburg to the Vienna–Trieste railway (Salzburg–Bruck) by 1 March 1858. Since the estimated cost of the railway continually increased from the beginning of 1852, the government now had to accept some of the costs. The state agreed to guarantee the society a return of two percent. At the beginning of 1852, it was questionable whether the company would be able to meet the specified opening date in the treaty at all. Therefore, the minister, Dr. Freiherr von Pfrodten sought a law that would allow the railway to continue to be built at state expense and operated as a state railway. Finally, on 7 May 1852 was decided to build the railway at government expense. In May 1854, the government announced that Austria would fail to comply with the opening schedule set out in the treaty because of the difficult terrain on the Salzburg–Bruck line. Bavaria then stopped all construction work. Austria was experiencing an economic crisis in 1854 and found it very difficult to negotiate a new treaty. The money for the construction of the railway was used for other purposes in the meantime. Negotiation of a new treaty was completed on 21 April 1856. The construction period for the Salzburg–Bruck railway was extended for five years. It has now estimated that the construction cost of the Rosenheim–Salzburg railway would be 9,412,985 million guilders.

Paragraph 4: Within education in Nigeria, vocational training and informal education dominate as the central forms of sharing regionally specific knowledge. Administration of vocational education in the country is overseen by the National Board for Technical Education.  In the early 1980s, as a result of high unemployment rates for school graduates, the Nigerian government placed a new emphasis on making vocational programs available to students. The most significant plan for improvement was the Master Plan for 2001-2010 for the Development of the National Vocational Education system developed by the Federal Ministry of Education in 2000.  Current challenges for the enforcement of these systems includes a shortage of teachers, poor statistics on the labour market needs, and outdated curriculum and technology at vocational training centers.  As it stands now, students in Nigeria can pursue either a National Technical Certificate or an Advanced National Technical Certificate.  Administration of these certificates is overseen by the National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB). In addition to institutional forms of vocational education, the Nigerian government allows and encourages participation in apprenticeships. These apprenticeships are instrumental in instilling the skills involved with a specific trade, but they also instill a commitment to community values including: patience, determination, and respect. Child Labour laws prevent children younger than 15 from entering the workforce, but children less than 15 years of age may legally procure apprenticeships.  While efforts are being made to improve the quality and availability of vocational education, many policy oriented approaches have been blocked by a small number of politicians. The failures to properly implement a national approach to worker's education has roots in the political instability of the country.  To this end, many academics have questioned if politicians are attempting to intentionally subjugate the working class through a lack of educational breadth.

Paragraph 5: Like many central London churches surrounded by commercial buildings and ever fewer local people, St James's lost numbers and momentum in the 1960s and 1970s. When, in 1980, Donald Reeves was offered the post of rector, the bishop allegedly said "I don't mind what you do, just keep it open." During that decade and most of the 1990s numbers and activity grew, the clergy and congregation gaining a reputation for being a progressive, liberal and campaigning church. That has continued. The "congregation" rejects that description and prefers "community". It is centred on the Eucharist, the celebration of the principal Christian sacrament. It finds expression in a wide range of interest groups: spiritual explorers, labyrinth walking, Julian prayer meetings, the Vagabonds group (a lively discussion group which takes its name from a William Blake poem and in faithfulness to that text meets in a local alehouse), an LGBT group and many others. The community has actively supported, and supports, the ordination of women to all the orders of the church, the just treatment of asylum seekers and those living in poverty. It celebrates what it regards as the "radical welcome" found in the heart of the Gospels and attested to by the Incarnation.

Paragraph 6: On November 25, 2013, Williams was involved in the purchase of two television stations as part of a larger $370 million acquisition of Barrington Broadcasting by Sinclair Broadcast Group. Howard Stirk Holdings, which Williams owns, was given ownership over NBC affiliate WEYI-TV in Flint–Saginaw–Bay City, Michigan, and CW affiliate WWMB in Myrtle Beach–Florence, South Carolina. The name of the company came from Williams's mother's middle name (Howard), and his father's middle name (Stirk). Both stations remain operated by Sinclair under a local marketing agreement, which resulted in allegations that the company was simply acting as a "sidecar" of Sinclair to skirt FCC ownership rules. Williams defended the allegations, noting that he had full control over the stations' programming and received the majority of their revenue.

Paragraph 7: Born into a sporting family, both his father Norman and brother Peter played professionally. Smethurst spent time with three amateur teams, Glenwood, Berea Park and Addington, in his early career.  He began his professional career with Durban City F.C. In December 1968, he transferred to Chelsea F.C. He spent the remainder of the 1968–1969 and the entire 1969–1970 season with the Chelsea Reserves.  Despite missing a large part of the 1969–1970 season with an injury, Smethurst still compiled 20 goals in 42 games with the reserves.  He made his first team debut on 1 September 1970.  Smethurst was the first South African to win a European championship when Chelsea won the 1970–71 European Cup Winners' Cup.  He was the first foreign-born player to win a European championship in England.  Two games into the 1971–1972 season, Chelsea transferred Smethurst to Millwall F.C. for £35,000 at his request.  He spent four seasons with Millwall.   In 1975, Smethurst moved to the United States where he played for the newly established Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League, where he became their all-time leading goal scorer with 57 goals in 65 games and a NASL all star.  He was the captain of the Rowdies' 1976 indoor championship team. In 1978, he began the season with Tampa Bay, but in May 1978 at his own request, he was traded to the San Diego Sockers in exchange for Peter Andersen. He led the Tampa Bay Rowdies in goals scored for the three years he played with them.  The Sockers traded him in July 1978. In 1979, he signed with the Seattle Sounders.  He spent two outdoor seasons and one NASL indoor season with the Sounders before moving to the Memphis Americans for the 1981–1982 Major Indoor Soccer League season.  He scored a hat-trick for the Sounders in a home game against the Portland Timbers on 30 June 1979.  Smethurst scored 75 goals in just over 100 games in the NASL.  In the spring of 1982, he joined the Carolina Lightnin' of the American Soccer League, and after six games retired from outdoor football. He rejoined the Rowdies for the 1986–87 AISA season, appearing in a few home matches only. Smethurst's goal-scoring rate in professional first-team football was a goal for every 1.85 games.  Played in the "First" English League game to be played on a Sunday for Millwall v Fulham, 20 January 1974.

Paragraph 8: Within education in Nigeria, vocational training and informal education dominate as the central forms of sharing regionally specific knowledge. Administration of vocational education in the country is overseen by the National Board for Technical Education.  In the early 1980s, as a result of high unemployment rates for school graduates, the Nigerian government placed a new emphasis on making vocational programs available to students. The most significant plan for improvement was the Master Plan for 2001-2010 for the Development of the National Vocational Education system developed by the Federal Ministry of Education in 2000.  Current challenges for the enforcement of these systems includes a shortage of teachers, poor statistics on the labour market needs, and outdated curriculum and technology at vocational training centers.  As it stands now, students in Nigeria can pursue either a National Technical Certificate or an Advanced National Technical Certificate.  Administration of these certificates is overseen by the National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB). In addition to institutional forms of vocational education, the Nigerian government allows and encourages participation in apprenticeships. These apprenticeships are instrumental in instilling the skills involved with a specific trade, but they also instill a commitment to community values including: patience, determination, and respect. Child Labour laws prevent children younger than 15 from entering the workforce, but children less than 15 years of age may legally procure apprenticeships.  While efforts are being made to improve the quality and availability of vocational education, many policy oriented approaches have been blocked by a small number of politicians. The failures to properly implement a national approach to worker's education has roots in the political instability of the country.  To this end, many academics have questioned if politicians are attempting to intentionally subjugate the working class through a lack of educational breadth.

Paragraph 9: SR 3 was established at least as early as 1919 starting at the Florida state line southwest of Thomasville; no numbered highway extended south-southeast from that city at the time. SR 3 traveled on essentially the same path as it currently does. The main differences were the southern terminus and the northern terminus. It traveled north from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. By the end of 1926, US 41 had been designated on the entire length of SR 3 from Griffin to the Tennessee state line. Seven segments of the highway had a "completed hard surface": a segment in the northern part of Thomasville, from approximately Ochlocknee to north-northeast of Camilla, from the Mitchell–Dougherty county line to Albany, from south of Americus to Ellaville, from north-northeast of Zebulon to just south of the Spalding–Henry county line, from just north of this county line to just south-southeast of the Henry–Clayton county line, and from just north-northwest of this county line to Marietta. Five segments of the highway had a "completed semi hard surface": a segment south of the Mitchell–Dougherty county line, from Leesburg to the Lee–Sumter county line, from Cartersville to the southeastern part of Calhoun, a segment in the northwestern part of Dalton, and from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. Ten segments of the highway had a "sand clay or top soil" surface: a segment on both sides of the Grady–Thomas county line, a segment north-northwest of Thomasville, from Ellaville to north-northeast of Rupert, a segment just north-northeast of Butler, from the south end of the SR 22 concurrency to south-southeast of Thomaston, from south of the Upson–Pike county line to Zebulon, a segment in the northwestern part of Marietta, from just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line to Cartersville, from just south of the Gordon–Murray county line to Dalton, and from northwest of Dalton to Ringgold. Six segments of the highway were indicated to be under construction: a segment north of the Lee–Sumter county line, from south-southeast of Thomaston to north-northwest of that city, a segment north-northeast of Zebulon, from just south of the Spalding–Henry county line to just north of that line, from northwest of Marietta to just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line, and from the southeastern part of Calhoun to just south of the Gordon–Murray county line. By the end of 1929, US 19 was designated on the then-current highway from the Florida state line to Atlanta. Also, an unnumbered road was built on the current path of SR 3 south-southeast of Thomasville.

Paragraph 10: SR 3 was established at least as early as 1919 starting at the Florida state line southwest of Thomasville; no numbered highway extended south-southeast from that city at the time. SR 3 traveled on essentially the same path as it currently does. The main differences were the southern terminus and the northern terminus. It traveled north from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. By the end of 1926, US 41 had been designated on the entire length of SR 3 from Griffin to the Tennessee state line. Seven segments of the highway had a "completed hard surface": a segment in the northern part of Thomasville, from approximately Ochlocknee to north-northeast of Camilla, from the Mitchell–Dougherty county line to Albany, from south of Americus to Ellaville, from north-northeast of Zebulon to just south of the Spalding–Henry county line, from just north of this county line to just south-southeast of the Henry–Clayton county line, and from just north-northwest of this county line to Marietta. Five segments of the highway had a "completed semi hard surface": a segment south of the Mitchell–Dougherty county line, from Leesburg to the Lee–Sumter county line, from Cartersville to the southeastern part of Calhoun, a segment in the northwestern part of Dalton, and from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. Ten segments of the highway had a "sand clay or top soil" surface: a segment on both sides of the Grady–Thomas county line, a segment north-northwest of Thomasville, from Ellaville to north-northeast of Rupert, a segment just north-northeast of Butler, from the south end of the SR 22 concurrency to south-southeast of Thomaston, from south of the Upson–Pike county line to Zebulon, a segment in the northwestern part of Marietta, from just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line to Cartersville, from just south of the Gordon–Murray county line to Dalton, and from northwest of Dalton to Ringgold. Six segments of the highway were indicated to be under construction: a segment north of the Lee–Sumter county line, from south-southeast of Thomaston to north-northwest of that city, a segment north-northeast of Zebulon, from just south of the Spalding–Henry county line to just north of that line, from northwest of Marietta to just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line, and from the southeastern part of Calhoun to just south of the Gordon–Murray county line. By the end of 1929, US 19 was designated on the then-current highway from the Florida state line to Atlanta. Also, an unnumbered road was built on the current path of SR 3 south-southeast of Thomasville.

Paragraph 11: Since 1990 SNS has won seats in every Slovak parliament but three (in 2002, 2012 and 2020) and has been part of the government from 2006 to 2010. In that year it formed a coalition with Robert Fico's Direction – Social Democracy (Smer-SD), which resulted in suspension of Smer-SD from the Party of European Socialists (PES). The PES considered SNS a "political party which incites or attempts to stir up racial or ethnic prejudices and racial hatred." However, in 2008 Smer's membership suspension ended with no further PES's demands regarding SNS. In the 2012 parliamentary election, SNS failed to meet the 5% electoral threshold and thus lost parliamentary representation. At the following party congress in October 2012, the delegates chose lawyer Andrej Danko as the new chairman of the party.

Paragraph 12: Alex has another love interest, her classmate Dean Moriarty, and tries to impress him by using magic to make him think she is smart. In another episode, when Alex's nemesis, Gigi Hollingsworth, finds her diary which she draws in, she finds out about Alex's crush on Dean. When Gigi gets trapped, she gets back out and is convinced she hit her head. She tells the school of Alex's crush on Dean and Alex admits what she does in her diary, but denies it was Dean who was the prince in her drawings. He still, however, seems impressed. She later asks him if he will help fix an old car of her father's, which he agrees to do. Dean then enters it in a race once fixing it, but Alex gets mad when her family begin to like Dean and he doesn't spend as much time with her. Alex then transports herself into the car during the race to talk to Dean, who reveals he likes her. Dean asks Alex out, but on a triple date. After Alex eliminates the other couples so that she can be alone with Dean, she realizes he wants to kiss her. On the date, she tries to distract Dean so that he will not, but after he tells her he likes her too much, they kiss. Alex promises she will not abandon him, but then runs off to help her brother. She comes back and they make up. Alex later reveals she doesn't like how badly Dean expresses his feelings. When wizard students stay at the Russos' due to Wiz Tech being closed down, Ronald Longcape Jr. begins to develop feelings for her. Alex feels guilty when she thinks she is falling in love with Ronald. Ronald gets rid of Dean and then transforms into him as to break up with Alex so he can be with her. Ronald takes advantage of her and makes her evil like him and his father so that they can rule. Alex then reveals she is in love with Dean, so he is transformed back. Dean is back and starts calling Alex his girlfriend. Tired of lying to her best friend, she reveals magic to Harper by taking her into space on her birthday. Dean moves away, but Alex tries to continue dating him in his dreams with the use of magic. When he comes to see her, they go out on a date but she realizes they have drifted apart, so she breaks up with him.

Paragraph 13: Like many central London churches surrounded by commercial buildings and ever fewer local people, St James's lost numbers and momentum in the 1960s and 1970s. When, in 1980, Donald Reeves was offered the post of rector, the bishop allegedly said "I don't mind what you do, just keep it open." During that decade and most of the 1990s numbers and activity grew, the clergy and congregation gaining a reputation for being a progressive, liberal and campaigning church. That has continued. The "congregation" rejects that description and prefers "community". It is centred on the Eucharist, the celebration of the principal Christian sacrament. It finds expression in a wide range of interest groups: spiritual explorers, labyrinth walking, Julian prayer meetings, the Vagabonds group (a lively discussion group which takes its name from a William Blake poem and in faithfulness to that text meets in a local alehouse), an LGBT group and many others. The community has actively supported, and supports, the ordination of women to all the orders of the church, the just treatment of asylum seekers and those living in poverty. It celebrates what it regards as the "radical welcome" found in the heart of the Gospels and attested to by the Incarnation.

Paragraph 14: These subsequent compilations, taking Ovid's Double Heroides as their model, consist of strings of paired letters furnished by diverse authors that serve as context for translations of Pope's poem not only by Colardeau but subsequent versions as well. They include Lettres et épîtres amoureuses d'Héloïse, avec les réponses d'Abeilard, traduites librement en vers et en prose (Paris 1770), of which there was an augmented London edition in 1780. The first volume of this contained a biographical essay and Latin-based versions of the letters, followed in the second by a dialogue between translations of Pope and of French imitations. Contained there among other inclusions, Colardeau's version of Pope is paired with one of the earlier verse epistles in Abelard's name by De Beauchamps. A closer translation of Pope's poem by Aimé Ambroise Joseph Feutry (1720–89), first published in 1758, is replied to by Claude Joseph Dorat’s 1760 imitation, Epître d’Abeilard à Héloïs. Louis-Sébastien Mercier’s ‘imitation’ of Pope's epistle (published in 1763) is followed by a later revised reply by Dorat dating from 1767. The succeeding Épitre d’Héloïse à son Époux, an imitation of Eloisa's response to the Historia Calamitatum, devised by Sébastien Marie Mathurin Gazon-Dourxigné (1720–84) but dependent on Pope for its occasion and Gothic setting, is followed by a reply by André-Charles Cailleau. Bernard-Joseph Saurin’s 1765 ‘imitation’ of Pope appears without reply but has as companion piece scenes from a play based on the story.  Other earlier works uncollected there include a response from Abelard by Henri Lambert d’Herbigny, Marquis de Thibouville (1710–84), published in Paris in 1758, and translated versions of Pope such as that of 1767 by Édouard Thomas Simon (1740-1818) and that of 1771 by Maximilien Henri, Marquis de Saint-Simon (1720–99).

Paragraph 15: The Special Editions series includes a wide range of Now anniversary collections, different music genres, eras, and decades, as well as commercial tie-ins with Smash Hits, Disney, Eurovision, HMV and the Official Chart Company. They all vary from one to five disc compilations (occasionally six disc), starting in 1986 and continuing to the present day (Jan 2023). Initially, a special edition of a Now compilation was quite rare, and between 1994 and 2002, there weren't any released at all. From 2003, and until 2010, there was one special edition released each year, covering a decade (80s, 90s and 00s), or a cross section of big hits celebrating the  Now series (Now Decades, Now Years, Now Dance) - however, from 2011, they became much more frequent, and in 2017, there were fifteen different titles released.  The presentation of each release has evolved notably over time: from 1986 through to 2013, all double and triple CD sets were released in chubby Jewel cases which could hold up to 6 discs. From Now That's What I Call 30 Years, in 2013, all Special Editions were released as gatefold digipak sets (but rare 2-CD set were still issued in Jewel cases during this period). In 2019 and until the end of 2020, Now 100 Hits were all issued in glossy, gatefold "digifile" sleeves (similar to the digipak, but without plastic trays) where the CDs are pushed out from either side of each sleeve; from the 4 CD series sets  starting in January 2021, gatefold cardboard sleeves are retained, but each CD is now stored in a slot cut into the card, known as a "wallet", which makes the CDs easier to remove than the previous design. Some of the Special Editions have identical names, although a few of these titles are followed by their year of release. In November 2018, the Now team took over the "100 Hits" brand from Demon Music Group, and in 2019 and 2020, the Special Editions series was effectively rested while 24 different Now 100 Hits compilations were issued in very quick succession, until the end of November 2020. From January 2021, the Special Editions series resumed, albeit with reduced output due to the introduction of two new series; Now Yearbook and the 4-CD series, with these three release variations, along with the reissues of the original Now That's What I Call Music series (up to Now 13 by November 2022) continue to the present day (March 2023).

Paragraph 16: On November 25, 2013, Williams was involved in the purchase of two television stations as part of a larger $370 million acquisition of Barrington Broadcasting by Sinclair Broadcast Group. Howard Stirk Holdings, which Williams owns, was given ownership over NBC affiliate WEYI-TV in Flint–Saginaw–Bay City, Michigan, and CW affiliate WWMB in Myrtle Beach–Florence, South Carolina. The name of the company came from Williams's mother's middle name (Howard), and his father's middle name (Stirk). Both stations remain operated by Sinclair under a local marketing agreement, which resulted in allegations that the company was simply acting as a "sidecar" of Sinclair to skirt FCC ownership rules. Williams defended the allegations, noting that he had full control over the stations' programming and received the majority of their revenue.

Paragraph 17: Alex has another love interest, her classmate Dean Moriarty, and tries to impress him by using magic to make him think she is smart. In another episode, when Alex's nemesis, Gigi Hollingsworth, finds her diary which she draws in, she finds out about Alex's crush on Dean. When Gigi gets trapped, she gets back out and is convinced she hit her head. She tells the school of Alex's crush on Dean and Alex admits what she does in her diary, but denies it was Dean who was the prince in her drawings. He still, however, seems impressed. She later asks him if he will help fix an old car of her father's, which he agrees to do. Dean then enters it in a race once fixing it, but Alex gets mad when her family begin to like Dean and he doesn't spend as much time with her. Alex then transports herself into the car during the race to talk to Dean, who reveals he likes her. Dean asks Alex out, but on a triple date. After Alex eliminates the other couples so that she can be alone with Dean, she realizes he wants to kiss her. On the date, she tries to distract Dean so that he will not, but after he tells her he likes her too much, they kiss. Alex promises she will not abandon him, but then runs off to help her brother. She comes back and they make up. Alex later reveals she doesn't like how badly Dean expresses his feelings. When wizard students stay at the Russos' due to Wiz Tech being closed down, Ronald Longcape Jr. begins to develop feelings for her. Alex feels guilty when she thinks she is falling in love with Ronald. Ronald gets rid of Dean and then transforms into him as to break up with Alex so he can be with her. Ronald takes advantage of her and makes her evil like him and his father so that they can rule. Alex then reveals she is in love with Dean, so he is transformed back. Dean is back and starts calling Alex his girlfriend. Tired of lying to her best friend, she reveals magic to Harper by taking her into space on her birthday. Dean moves away, but Alex tries to continue dating him in his dreams with the use of magic. When he comes to see her, they go out on a date but she realizes they have drifted apart, so she breaks up with him.

Paragraph 18: Alex has another love interest, her classmate Dean Moriarty, and tries to impress him by using magic to make him think she is smart. In another episode, when Alex's nemesis, Gigi Hollingsworth, finds her diary which she draws in, she finds out about Alex's crush on Dean. When Gigi gets trapped, she gets back out and is convinced she hit her head. She tells the school of Alex's crush on Dean and Alex admits what she does in her diary, but denies it was Dean who was the prince in her drawings. He still, however, seems impressed. She later asks him if he will help fix an old car of her father's, which he agrees to do. Dean then enters it in a race once fixing it, but Alex gets mad when her family begin to like Dean and he doesn't spend as much time with her. Alex then transports herself into the car during the race to talk to Dean, who reveals he likes her. Dean asks Alex out, but on a triple date. After Alex eliminates the other couples so that she can be alone with Dean, she realizes he wants to kiss her. On the date, she tries to distract Dean so that he will not, but after he tells her he likes her too much, they kiss. Alex promises she will not abandon him, but then runs off to help her brother. She comes back and they make up. Alex later reveals she doesn't like how badly Dean expresses his feelings. When wizard students stay at the Russos' due to Wiz Tech being closed down, Ronald Longcape Jr. begins to develop feelings for her. Alex feels guilty when she thinks she is falling in love with Ronald. Ronald gets rid of Dean and then transforms into him as to break up with Alex so he can be with her. Ronald takes advantage of her and makes her evil like him and his father so that they can rule. Alex then reveals she is in love with Dean, so he is transformed back. Dean is back and starts calling Alex his girlfriend. Tired of lying to her best friend, she reveals magic to Harper by taking her into space on her birthday. Dean moves away, but Alex tries to continue dating him in his dreams with the use of magic. When he comes to see her, they go out on a date but she realizes they have drifted apart, so she breaks up with him.

Paragraph 19: With unlabelled protein the usual procedure is to record a set of two-dimensional homonuclear nuclear magnetic resonance experiments through correlation spectroscopy (COSY), of which several types include conventional correlation spectroscopy, total correlation spectroscopy (TOCSY) and nuclear Overhauser effect spectroscopy (NOESY). A two-dimensional nuclear magnetic resonance experiment produces a two-dimensional spectrum. The units of both axes are chemical shifts. The COSY and TOCSY transfer magnetization through the chemical bonds between adjacent protons. The conventional correlation spectroscopy experiment is only able to transfer magnetization between protons on adjacent atoms, whereas in the total correlation spectroscopy experiment the protons are able to relay the magnetization, so it is transferred among all the protons that are connected by adjacent atoms. Thus in a conventional correlation spectroscopy, an alpha proton transfers magnetization to the beta protons, the beta protons transfers to the alpha and gamma protons, if any are present, then the gamma proton transfers to the beta and the delta protons, and the process continues. In total correlation spectroscopy, the alpha and all the other protons are able to transfer magnetization to the beta, gamma, delta, epsilon if they are connected by a continuous chain of protons.  The continuous chain of protons are the sidechain of the individual amino acids. Thus these two experiments are used to build so called spin systems, that is build a list of resonances of the chemical shift of the peptide proton, the alpha protons and all the protons from each residue’s sidechain. Which chemical shifts corresponds to which nuclei in the spin system is determined by the conventional correlation spectroscopy connectivities and the fact that different types of protons have characteristic chemical shifts. To connect the different spinsystems in a sequential order, the nuclear Overhauser effect spectroscopy experiment has to be used. Because this experiment transfers magnetization through space, it will show crosspeaks for all protons that are close in space regardless of whether they are in the same spin system or not. The neighbouring residues are inherently close in space, so the assignments can be made by the peaks in the NOESY with other spin systems.

Paragraph 20: The Collombey-Muraz table tennis club (Le club de tennis de table de Collombey-Muraz, (CTTCM) was founded in June 1974 and remains the principal table tennis club in the Chablais. CTTCM has played for over 40 years in the AVVF association of table tennis which groups the clubs of the cantons of Vaud, Valais and Friborg. At its foundation, the club had about ten members and played in the 4th league. It lost its first ever match to the Vouvry club (which has since disbanded). And yet from these humble beginnings the 1st team now evolves in the national "C" league.  The 2nd team plays in league one with the other four teams, formed of young and not so young, fight it out in the 3rd, 4th and 5th leagues. The committee in place puts a special emphasis on the table tennis academy (from 8 years) preparing what it hopes will be future champions or members of the club of tomorrow. This strategy is designed to ensure that the club retains its place as an active member of communal societies, hopefully even increasing its current level of activity. The club currently has 50 members (25 adults, 25 young people). CTT Collombey-Muraz is very active in its association with the AVVF. On the cantonal level, it organized the Valais championships in 1977/1986/1994/2000/2004/2012/2014 and 2017. This last event took place the Corbier school gym from 4–5 February 2017. At the Swiss Romande level, CCTTCM organizes final matches, promotion and ranking tournaments. And on a national level, it organizes pools for promotion from league B to national league A, and the Swiss cup finals. In 2009, CTTCM organized an international match between Switzerland and Greece. The match took place in a packed house (more than 350 people); it was a great success and a showcase for table tennis.

Paragraph 21: One day, Bobby spots Lilly's former teammate and friend Rubina, who now works in a tailoring shop. She tells Bobby the whole truth of what transpired in Lilly's life after he had left. During a high-profile tournament, Lilly's team won the cup, and she was also named the “best player”. The chief-guest and presenter of the awards, Ramesh Rao, who is a south-zone selector for BCCI, lusts for Lilly. He meets with Lilly in his office the next day and demands her to sleep with him to get selected for the national team. Lilly is visibly shaken and reduced to tears by this demand. Still, she refuses to lodge any complaint due to fear of confrontation, despite entreaties from her good friend Rubina in whom she had confided. But Rubina complains on Lilly's behalf anyway, and getting wind of this, Ramesh Rao barges into their change-room and physically assaults both Lilly and Rubina. Lilly, who gets even more shaken and distressed due to this incident, meets with an accident shortly afterwards while crossing the road in a daze. Due to her fractured leg and the sexual assault of Ramesh Rao, Lilly was now severely scarred mentally and slipped into psychological breakdown and depression. On finally coming to know of all this through Rubina, Bobby gets furious and beats Ramesh Rao black and blue with his comrade friends. He then comes to Lilly and breaks down in front of her apologising for ever having left her. Lilly is unaware of the reason for this sudden confession but is heartened by the fact that some of his old passion for her has returned. But Bobby then takes Lilly to the police station where his friends were waiting, lodging an official police complaint against Ramesh Rao on the sexual harassment incident. Lilly, suddenly realising the reason for Bobby's emotional turnaround, refuses to co-operate with his plans for taking strong punitive action against Ramesh Rao. She instead complains that everybody has only ever tried to force their own will on her while nobody has ever bothered to ask her what she really wants. Her own father had also discouraged her earlier when she told him about the incident, as he believed it would ruin the family's reputation. Her agitated father, who is now with her in the Police Station, escorts her back home away from a frustrated Bobby whose vigorous requests to her to stay back and fight for her rights like true comrades goes unheeded.

Paragraph 22: After the release of their second LP, Reflections, Knight left the band to pursue a frustrated solo career as producer and singer. Meanwhile, The Pack, sometimes playing under the name "The Fabulous Pack", continued with Farner replacing Knight as lead singer, and Curt Johnson returning on guitar. The band released a few more 45 RPM singles in 1967 and 1968, starting with their cover of the old Bob and Earl hit, “Harlem Shuffle”. The song's flip side, “I’ve Got News For You”, was written by Dick Wagner, who also wrote the band's next single, “Wide Trackin”, intended for use in an advertising campaign for Pontiac's “wide tracking” automobiles; while a solid regional hit, this single did not chart nationally. Cameo-Parkway went out of business and Capitol Records picked up the remaining Cameo-Parkway contracts, including The Pack. The band went through several personnel changes, with Johnson and Caldwell leaving the group, replaced with Al Shane on keyboards and Kenny Rich on guitar respectively. In April 1968, The Pack released their final single on Capitol Records, a cover version of Jimi Hendrix's Fire retitled "Next To Your Fire", backed with a ballad written by Dick Wagner called "Without A Woman"; while popular in Michigan, this single failed to chart outside the state. By mid 1968, the band consisted of Farner on lead vocals and guitar, Brewer on drums, Craig Frost on keyboards and Rod Lester on bass. In August 1968, The Pack recorded a full-length LP that was never released, with three songs from these sessions, "Getting Into The Sun", "Can't Be Too Long (Faucet)", and "Got This Thing On The Move" subsequently appearing on the compilation album "Thirty Years of Funk: 1969–1999". In early 1969, after a botched tour which left them stranded on Cape Cod, The Pack broke up. Upon returning home, Farner and Brewer regrouped, forming the nucleus of Capitol Records' best-selling act of the early 1970s, Grand Funk Railroad, initially managed and produced by Terry Knight.

Paragraph 23: The Collombey-Muraz table tennis club (Le club de tennis de table de Collombey-Muraz, (CTTCM) was founded in June 1974 and remains the principal table tennis club in the Chablais. CTTCM has played for over 40 years in the AVVF association of table tennis which groups the clubs of the cantons of Vaud, Valais and Friborg. At its foundation, the club had about ten members and played in the 4th league. It lost its first ever match to the Vouvry club (which has since disbanded). And yet from these humble beginnings the 1st team now evolves in the national "C" league.  The 2nd team plays in league one with the other four teams, formed of young and not so young, fight it out in the 3rd, 4th and 5th leagues. The committee in place puts a special emphasis on the table tennis academy (from 8 years) preparing what it hopes will be future champions or members of the club of tomorrow. This strategy is designed to ensure that the club retains its place as an active member of communal societies, hopefully even increasing its current level of activity. The club currently has 50 members (25 adults, 25 young people). CTT Collombey-Muraz is very active in its association with the AVVF. On the cantonal level, it organized the Valais championships in 1977/1986/1994/2000/2004/2012/2014 and 2017. This last event took place the Corbier school gym from 4–5 February 2017. At the Swiss Romande level, CCTTCM organizes final matches, promotion and ranking tournaments. And on a national level, it organizes pools for promotion from league B to national league A, and the Swiss cup finals. In 2009, CTTCM organized an international match between Switzerland and Greece. The match took place in a packed house (more than 350 people); it was a great success and a showcase for table tennis.

Paragraph 24: SR 3 was established at least as early as 1919 starting at the Florida state line southwest of Thomasville; no numbered highway extended south-southeast from that city at the time. SR 3 traveled on essentially the same path as it currently does. The main differences were the southern terminus and the northern terminus. It traveled north from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. By the end of 1926, US 41 had been designated on the entire length of SR 3 from Griffin to the Tennessee state line. Seven segments of the highway had a "completed hard surface": a segment in the northern part of Thomasville, from approximately Ochlocknee to north-northeast of Camilla, from the Mitchell–Dougherty county line to Albany, from south of Americus to Ellaville, from north-northeast of Zebulon to just south of the Spalding–Henry county line, from just north of this county line to just south-southeast of the Henry–Clayton county line, and from just north-northwest of this county line to Marietta. Five segments of the highway had a "completed semi hard surface": a segment south of the Mitchell–Dougherty county line, from Leesburg to the Lee–Sumter county line, from Cartersville to the southeastern part of Calhoun, a segment in the northwestern part of Dalton, and from Ringgold to the Tennessee state line. Ten segments of the highway had a "sand clay or top soil" surface: a segment on both sides of the Grady–Thomas county line, a segment north-northwest of Thomasville, from Ellaville to north-northeast of Rupert, a segment just north-northeast of Butler, from the south end of the SR 22 concurrency to south-southeast of Thomaston, from south of the Upson–Pike county line to Zebulon, a segment in the northwestern part of Marietta, from just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line to Cartersville, from just south of the Gordon–Murray county line to Dalton, and from northwest of Dalton to Ringgold. Six segments of the highway were indicated to be under construction: a segment north of the Lee–Sumter county line, from south-southeast of Thomaston to north-northwest of that city, a segment north-northeast of Zebulon, from just south of the Spalding–Henry county line to just north of that line, from northwest of Marietta to just south of the Cobb–Bartow county line, and from the southeastern part of Calhoun to just south of the Gordon–Murray county line. By the end of 1929, US 19 was designated on the then-current highway from the Florida state line to Atlanta. Also, an unnumbered road was built on the current path of SR 3 south-southeast of Thomasville.

Paragraph 25: The most distinctive feature of the Benty Grange helmet is its boar, affixed to the apex of the helmet. The core of its body is made of two pieces of hollow D-sectioned bronze tubes, their flat sides approximately  apart. The space between the two halves was filled in with a substance, likely horn or metal, which has now disintegrated; it perhaps projected upwards, forming the mane or spine of the boar, or, as has been interpreted on the replica, created a recess into which a mane of actual boar bristles could fit. On either side of the bronze core was affixed a plate of iron, forming the visible exterior of the boar. Four pear-shaped plates of gilded silver—cut down and filed from Roman silver, as evidenced by a classical leaf design on the reverse of the front left plate, and file marks on the obverse—acted as hips, through which passed two silver rivets, one atop the other, per end. These rivets held together the five layers of the boar, and were welded to the plates. Into the body of the boar were placed holes, probably punched, that held circular silver studs approximately  in diameter. The studs, likely flush with the surface of the body, were filed down and gilded, and may have been intended to represent golden bristles. Eyes were formed with  long pointed oval garnets set into gold sockets with filigree wire edging. The sockets were  long by  wide, and had  long shanks, filled with beeswax, sunk into the head. Individual pieces of gilded bronze seem to have formed the tail, tusks, muzzle, jawline, and ears of the boar, but few traces of them now remain. Two sets of iron legs—probably solid originally, but rendered hollow by corrosion—attached the body to an elliptical bronze plate; both sets depict front legs, bent forwards without account for the anatomical differences between a boar's fore and hind limbs. The elliptical plate is  long with a maximum width of , and matches the curvature of the helmet. Four holes indicate attachment points for the legs and another three connected the plate to the frame of the helmet, in addition to a large rivet hole slightly behind the centre. The plate was probably affixed directly to the frame, the legs passing through holes in the horn.

Paragraph 26: Collingwood Children's Farm is a not-for-profit, inner city working farm situated on the Yarra River in the Melbourne suburb of Abbotsford, Australia. It is located within Wurundjeri/Woiwurrung country. It is adjacent to the Abbotsford Convent, and considered part of the larger Abbotsford Heritage Precinct Farmlands (APHF). The APHF supporting the Collingwood Children's Farm are unique in being the oldest continually farmed land in the state of Victoria. European farming commenced in early 1836, with formal land sales occurring in 1838. Farming on the APHF has continued uninterrupted from its agricultural use by Wurundjeri/Woiwurrung to grow crops such as Murnong (Microseris lanceolata). It is also the oldest children's farm in Australia, established in 1979.

Paragraph 27: In the spring of 1974, following the advice of the translator Helen Lane, the Eshlemans visited the Dordogne region of France. They rented a furnished apartment and begin visiting the Paleolithic painted caves in the area, including Lascaux. Eshleman decided to undertake an in-depth investigation into the Paleolithic imagination and the imagery of the painted caves. The project became a central area of his writing and research over the next three decades, resulting in the publication of his major work Juniper Fuse: Upper Paleolithic Imagination and the Construction of the Underworld in 2003. In addition to Lascaux, which Eshleman visited on several more occasions over the next twenty-five years, he visited Font-de-Gaume, Combarelles, Niaux, Garges, Marsoulas, Le Portel, Le Tuc d’Audoubert, and Les Trois Frères, among other sites. The project was supported at various points by grants from the Guggenheim Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. Beginning in 1981, he and Caryl organized and led a guided tour of the painted caves and the region in general. The tour continued irregularly, ultimately gaining sponsorship from the Ringling School of Art and Design in Sarasota, Florida, through 2008. Guest-lecturers on the tour included Robert Creeley and Gary Snyder among others.

Paragraph 28: The most distinctive feature of the Benty Grange helmet is its boar, affixed to the apex of the helmet. The core of its body is made of two pieces of hollow D-sectioned bronze tubes, their flat sides approximately  apart. The space between the two halves was filled in with a substance, likely horn or metal, which has now disintegrated; it perhaps projected upwards, forming the mane or spine of the boar, or, as has been interpreted on the replica, created a recess into which a mane of actual boar bristles could fit. On either side of the bronze core was affixed a plate of iron, forming the visible exterior of the boar. Four pear-shaped plates of gilded silver—cut down and filed from Roman silver, as evidenced by a classical leaf design on the reverse of the front left plate, and file marks on the obverse—acted as hips, through which passed two silver rivets, one atop the other, per end. These rivets held together the five layers of the boar, and were welded to the plates. Into the body of the boar were placed holes, probably punched, that held circular silver studs approximately  in diameter. The studs, likely flush with the surface of the body, were filed down and gilded, and may have been intended to represent golden bristles. Eyes were formed with  long pointed oval garnets set into gold sockets with filigree wire edging. The sockets were  long by  wide, and had  long shanks, filled with beeswax, sunk into the head. Individual pieces of gilded bronze seem to have formed the tail, tusks, muzzle, jawline, and ears of the boar, but few traces of them now remain. Two sets of iron legs—probably solid originally, but rendered hollow by corrosion—attached the body to an elliptical bronze plate; both sets depict front legs, bent forwards without account for the anatomical differences between a boar's fore and hind limbs. The elliptical plate is  long with a maximum width of , and matches the curvature of the helmet. Four holes indicate attachment points for the legs and another three connected the plate to the frame of the helmet, in addition to a large rivet hole slightly behind the centre. The plate was probably affixed directly to the frame, the legs passing through holes in the horn.

Paragraph 29: These subsequent compilations, taking Ovid's Double Heroides as their model, consist of strings of paired letters furnished by diverse authors that serve as context for translations of Pope's poem not only by Colardeau but subsequent versions as well. They include Lettres et épîtres amoureuses d'Héloïse, avec les réponses d'Abeilard, traduites librement en vers et en prose (Paris 1770), of which there was an augmented London edition in 1780. The first volume of this contained a biographical essay and Latin-based versions of the letters, followed in the second by a dialogue between translations of Pope and of French imitations. Contained there among other inclusions, Colardeau's version of Pope is paired with one of the earlier verse epistles in Abelard's name by De Beauchamps. A closer translation of Pope's poem by Aimé Ambroise Joseph Feutry (1720–89), first published in 1758, is replied to by Claude Joseph Dorat’s 1760 imitation, Epître d’Abeilard à Héloïs. Louis-Sébastien Mercier’s ‘imitation’ of Pope's epistle (published in 1763) is followed by a later revised reply by Dorat dating from 1767. The succeeding Épitre d’Héloïse à son Époux, an imitation of Eloisa's response to the Historia Calamitatum, devised by Sébastien Marie Mathurin Gazon-Dourxigné (1720–84) but dependent on Pope for its occasion and Gothic setting, is followed by a reply by André-Charles Cailleau. Bernard-Joseph Saurin’s 1765 ‘imitation’ of Pope appears without reply but has as companion piece scenes from a play based on the story.  Other earlier works uncollected there include a response from Abelard by Henri Lambert d’Herbigny, Marquis de Thibouville (1710–84), published in Paris in 1758, and translated versions of Pope such as that of 1767 by Édouard Thomas Simon (1740-1818) and that of 1771 by Maximilien Henri, Marquis de Saint-Simon (1720–99).

Paragraph 30: Alex has another love interest, her classmate Dean Moriarty, and tries to impress him by using magic to make him think she is smart. In another episode, when Alex's nemesis, Gigi Hollingsworth, finds her diary which she draws in, she finds out about Alex's crush on Dean. When Gigi gets trapped, she gets back out and is convinced she hit her head. She tells the school of Alex's crush on Dean and Alex admits what she does in her diary, but denies it was Dean who was the prince in her drawings. He still, however, seems impressed. She later asks him if he will help fix an old car of her father's, which he agrees to do. Dean then enters it in a race once fixing it, but Alex gets mad when her family begin to like Dean and he doesn't spend as much time with her. Alex then transports herself into the car during the race to talk to Dean, who reveals he likes her. Dean asks Alex out, but on a triple date. After Alex eliminates the other couples so that she can be alone with Dean, she realizes he wants to kiss her. On the date, she tries to distract Dean so that he will not, but after he tells her he likes her too much, they kiss. Alex promises she will not abandon him, but then runs off to help her brother. She comes back and they make up. Alex later reveals she doesn't like how badly Dean expresses his feelings. When wizard students stay at the Russos' due to Wiz Tech being closed down, Ronald Longcape Jr. begins to develop feelings for her. Alex feels guilty when she thinks she is falling in love with Ronald. Ronald gets rid of Dean and then transforms into him as to break up with Alex so he can be with her. Ronald takes advantage of her and makes her evil like him and his father so that they can rule. Alex then reveals she is in love with Dean, so he is transformed back. Dean is back and starts calling Alex his girlfriend. Tired of lying to her best friend, she reveals magic to Harper by taking her into space on her birthday. Dean moves away, but Alex tries to continue dating him in his dreams with the use of magic. When he comes to see her, they go out on a date but she realizes they have drifted apart, so she breaks up with him.

Paragraph 31: The vote was largely seen as a referendum on Truman, whose approval rating had sunk to 32% over the president's controversial handling of a wave of post-war labor strikes, such as a nationwide railroad strike in May, at a time when Americans depended on train service for both commuter and long-distance travel. Just as damaging was Truman's back-and-forth over whether to end unpopular wartime price controls to handle shortages, particularly in foodstuffs. For example, price controls on beef had led to a "hamburger famine," but when Truman, in a surprise move, lifted the controls on October 14 — just weeks before the election — meat prices shot up to record levels.

Paragraph 32: In the spring of 1974, following the advice of the translator Helen Lane, the Eshlemans visited the Dordogne region of France. They rented a furnished apartment and begin visiting the Paleolithic painted caves in the area, including Lascaux. Eshleman decided to undertake an in-depth investigation into the Paleolithic imagination and the imagery of the painted caves. The project became a central area of his writing and research over the next three decades, resulting in the publication of his major work Juniper Fuse: Upper Paleolithic Imagination and the Construction of the Underworld in 2003. In addition to Lascaux, which Eshleman visited on several more occasions over the next twenty-five years, he visited Font-de-Gaume, Combarelles, Niaux, Garges, Marsoulas, Le Portel, Le Tuc d’Audoubert, and Les Trois Frères, among other sites. The project was supported at various points by grants from the Guggenheim Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. Beginning in 1981, he and Caryl organized and led a guided tour of the painted caves and the region in general. The tour continued irregularly, ultimately gaining sponsorship from the Ringling School of Art and Design in Sarasota, Florida, through 2008. Guest-lecturers on the tour included Robert Creeley and Gary Snyder among others.

Paragraph 33: DDRMAX Dance Dance Revolution 6thMix is the 6th game in the Dance Dance Revolution series of music video games. It was released in the arcades by Konami on October 19, 2001, and for the PlayStation 2 on May 16, 2002, in Japan. 6thMix contains a total of 42 songs, all which made their first arcade appearance on this release. 11 of these songs debuted in various console releases prior to 6thMix. All arcade songs from Dance Dance Revolution to Dance Dance Revolution 5thMix were removed in 6thMix, although many of the Konami originals from those games would later be revived in future arcade releases.

Paragraph 34: Illinois 8 largely parallels Interstate 74 from Maquon to Washington.  After entering Peoria from the west, it crosses the Illinois River with Illinois Route 116 on the Cedar Street Bridge between Peoria and East Peoria. Illinois 8/116 stays joined until Camp Street, where U.S. Route 24 and Illinois Route 29/116 continue geographically northeast, and are signed east and north, respectively, with U.S. Route 150 westbound, forming a wrong-way concurrency. Illinois 8 turns east onto Camp Street with U.S. 150 eastbound. In spite of this concurrency, up until 2005 the eastbound I-74 exit to Camp Street was only marked for U.S. 150, while the next eastbound exit to Washington Street was marked as "To Illinois 8" even though Washington Street is unnumbered in East Peoria. At the Washington Street intersection, U.S. 150 leaves Illinois 8 and runs east-southeast towards Morton, while Illinois 8 runs east-northeast through unincorporated Sunnyland.

Paragraph 35: In 1914, Hubbard claimed the essay had been reprinted over 40 million times. His son Bert later reported 80 million times, and in a 1926 bill to promote Andrew Summers Rowan to major general, retired, it was stated there were 225 million copies printed. In their 1977 survey of best sellers, Alice Hackett and James H. Burke estimated a circulation of four million. Since then there has been an uncounted—and uncountable—number of copies, particularly if every digital copy is included, but no one has yet been able to prove a circulation of 40 million. In an oft-repeated story, Hubbard wrote that when "Mr. Daniels [of the NY Central] was distributing the Message to Garcia, Prince Hilakoff (Mikhail Khilkov), Director of Russian Railways, was in this country...and made a tour of the country under the personal direction of Mr. Daniels....When he got home he had the Message to Garcia translated into Russian, and a copy of the booklet given to every railroad employee in Russia," apparently unaware that at that time a large percentage of Russian railroad workers were illiterate. Hubbard further claimed that "[D]uring the Russo-Japanese War, every soldier who went to the front was given a copy." The Japanese found the pamphlet on Russian prisoners of war, had it translated, and the "Mikado" ordered a copy given "to every man in the employ of the Japanese government, soldier or civilian". The narrative is false: Khilkov was in the U.S. in October 1896, long before the essay was written, and only occasionally was he in the company of Daniels. Not a single copy of the purported Russian or Japanese government-issued pamphlets has been found. When Hubbard was writing about the Russian and Japanese translations, he also declared that the pamphlet traveled from Russia to "Germany, France, Spain, Turkey, Hindustan, and China", and claimed that the essay had been translated into "all written languages". That has yet to be demonstrated; however, it can today be found in many recent translations: Czech, German, Romanian, Chinese, Korean, and other languages.

Paragraph 36: Born into a sporting family, both his father Norman and brother Peter played professionally. Smethurst spent time with three amateur teams, Glenwood, Berea Park and Addington, in his early career.  He began his professional career with Durban City F.C. In December 1968, he transferred to Chelsea F.C. He spent the remainder of the 1968–1969 and the entire 1969–1970 season with the Chelsea Reserves.  Despite missing a large part of the 1969–1970 season with an injury, Smethurst still compiled 20 goals in 42 games with the reserves.  He made his first team debut on 1 September 1970.  Smethurst was the first South African to win a European championship when Chelsea won the 1970–71 European Cup Winners' Cup.  He was the first foreign-born player to win a European championship in England.  Two games into the 1971–1972 season, Chelsea transferred Smethurst to Millwall F.C. for £35,000 at his request.  He spent four seasons with Millwall.   In 1975, Smethurst moved to the United States where he played for the newly established Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League, where he became their all-time leading goal scorer with 57 goals in 65 games and a NASL all star.  He was the captain of the Rowdies' 1976 indoor championship team. In 1978, he began the season with Tampa Bay, but in May 1978 at his own request, he was traded to the San Diego Sockers in exchange for Peter Andersen. He led the Tampa Bay Rowdies in goals scored for the three years he played with them.  The Sockers traded him in July 1978. In 1979, he signed with the Seattle Sounders.  He spent two outdoor seasons and one NASL indoor season with the Sounders before moving to the Memphis Americans for the 1981–1982 Major Indoor Soccer League season.  He scored a hat-trick for the Sounders in a home game against the Portland Timbers on 30 June 1979.  Smethurst scored 75 goals in just over 100 games in the NASL.  In the spring of 1982, he joined the Carolina Lightnin' of the American Soccer League, and after six games retired from outdoor football. He rejoined the Rowdies for the 1986–87 AISA season, appearing in a few home matches only. Smethurst's goal-scoring rate in professional first-team football was a goal for every 1.85 games.  Played in the "First" English League game to be played on a Sunday for Millwall v Fulham, 20 January 1974.

Paragraph 37: Nancy Ajram was born into a Lebanese Christian family on May 16, 1983, in Achrafieh, a district in Beirut, Lebanon. She is the eldest child of Nabil Ajram and Raymonda Aoun. She has one sister, Nadine, and one brother, Nabil Jr. Ajram was only eight when she started her journey singing the good oldies with her grandmother. She carried on with successful participation in children's contests in two local television stations, TL and LBC. In 1995, at the age of twelve, Ajram took part in a variety show, Noujoum Al-Moustakbal (English: Stars of the Future) on Future TV, a Lebanese reality television competition, which finds new solo musical talent. Ajram won a gold medal in the Tarab category after singing a song by Umm Kulthum. Ajram studied music with renowned Lebanese musicians and although she was less than 18 years old, the syndicate of professional artists in Lebanon accepted her as a member. At the age of 13, Ajram released her debut single "Kel Ma B'ello B Albi El Gheere" in 1996, followed by "Oulha Kelma" one year later. In 1998, she signed a recording contract with EMI and released her debut studio album Mihtagalak, followed bySheel Oyoonak Anni (2001).

Paragraph 38: Collingwood Children's Farm is a not-for-profit, inner city working farm situated on the Yarra River in the Melbourne suburb of Abbotsford, Australia. It is located within Wurundjeri/Woiwurrung country. It is adjacent to the Abbotsford Convent, and considered part of the larger Abbotsford Heritage Precinct Farmlands (APHF). The APHF supporting the Collingwood Children's Farm are unique in being the oldest continually farmed land in the state of Victoria. European farming commenced in early 1836, with formal land sales occurring in 1838. Farming on the APHF has continued uninterrupted from its agricultural use by Wurundjeri/Woiwurrung to grow crops such as Murnong (Microseris lanceolata). It is also the oldest children's farm in Australia, established in 1979.

Paragraph 39: Like many central London churches surrounded by commercial buildings and ever fewer local people, St James's lost numbers and momentum in the 1960s and 1970s. When, in 1980, Donald Reeves was offered the post of rector, the bishop allegedly said "I don't mind what you do, just keep it open." During that decade and most of the 1990s numbers and activity grew, the clergy and congregation gaining a reputation for being a progressive, liberal and campaigning church. That has continued. The "congregation" rejects that description and prefers "community". It is centred on the Eucharist, the celebration of the principal Christian sacrament. It finds expression in a wide range of interest groups: spiritual explorers, labyrinth walking, Julian prayer meetings, the Vagabonds group (a lively discussion group which takes its name from a William Blake poem and in faithfulness to that text meets in a local alehouse), an LGBT group and many others. The community has actively supported, and supports, the ordination of women to all the orders of the church, the just treatment of asylum seekers and those living in poverty. It celebrates what it regards as the "radical welcome" found in the heart of the Gospels and attested to by the Incarnation.

Paragraph 40: When Seb is due to be released from young offenders, she meets with Phelan to encourage him to take Seb on as an apprentice at the building yard, which he agrees to. Nicola questions why Anna Windass (Debbie Rush), the adoptive mother of Seb's girlfriend Faye (Ellie Leach), does not like him. Phelan accompanies Nicola when she takes Seb to Liverpool for a talk by a former young offender. Nicola overhears Phelan talk to a man about her and she demands to know why. Phelan says he knew her parents, Annabel and Isaac. Nicola arranges for Phelan to meet Isaac and Phelan finds a bench dedicated to Nicola's parents, who are deceased. Nicola finds documents Phelan received about her and she confronts Phelan, who admits that he had an affair with her mother and she may be his daughter, but Nicola ridicules Phelan's claims. After talking with Phelan's wife, Eileen (Sue Cleaver), she softens up towards Phelan and they talk, however she does not want anything to do with him. Seb is sacked by Phelan when Seb finds out Phelan has been reading articles about Nicola. Seb gets Nicola to meet him, pretending the reason he was sacked is because he thinks Phelan is dying. Nicola is furious when she finds out Seb lied. Nicola asks Phelan for them to do a DNA test which confirms he is Nicola's father. Phelan snaps at Nicola when she suggests he donates a mattress from a house he has been secretly keeping Andy Carver (Oliver Farnworth) hostage, but he makes it up to Nicola by buying and donating brand new mattresses. Nicola and a police officer persuade Phelan to consider building a youth centre. Nicola encounters Faye's older brother, Gary Windass (Mikey North), on a night out and Gary confides in Nicola about the dangerous side of his security job. Nicola encourages him to confide in his ex-girlfriend Izzy Armstrong (Cherylee Houston) or his current girlfriend Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien). When Gary learns that Nicola is Phelan's daughter, he confronts her over this and warns her to stay away from him - leaving Nicola confused. They later meet, however, and unintentionally end up sleeping together. Nicola soon finds out she is pregnant with Gary's baby and later goes to confide this secret to her mother's old neighbor: Lydia Hartman (Susan Twist). She then tells Lydia that Phelan is her biological father and shows her a photograph of being with him; this surprises Lydia, whom Nicola notices is left shaken by this - though Lydia covers up her worries by reassuring Nicola about her reaction. When Seb falls from a ladder and is hospitalized, Nicola ends up being in the same room as Anna and the two quickly bond over his situation as well as confiding to each other about their personal problems. Anna then tells Nicola how Phelan blackmailed her to have sex with him to end him overworking Gary and her former partner, Owen Armstrong (Ian Puleston-Davies), who were once in business with Phelan. Nicola then visits Lydia, who reveals that Phelan raped her mother, and that this is how Nicola was conceived. Nicola then confronts Phelan at her parents' bench, where she continually brands him a rapist for what he did to her mother and Anna, and claims she never wants to see Phelan again.

Paragraph 41: Negotiations with Austria began again in 1838. It was planned to build a connection from Salzburg to the proposed rail link from Vienna to Trieste. Austria had little interest in this project and, therefore, little was done in the following years. In Bavaria, where was a major economic crisis had broken out, Ludwig I said on 6 January 1842 that the completion of the construction of the Ludwig South-North Railway towards Austria was not possible. On 25 August 1843, a proposal for a west–east railway was finally issued. Ludwig I approved further negotiations with Austria on 22 October 1844. Friedrich August von Pauli, head of the Royal Railway Construction Commission (), travelled to Vienna in order to lead further negotiations. Austria also had limited resources for railway construction. On 10 September 1848, Joseph Anton von Maffei requested that the design, construction and operation be carried out by a private company. Maffei was then asked to present a plan. In the spring of 1849 the following route was selected: Munich–Glonn–Bad Aibling–Rosenheim–Prien am Chiemsee–Bernau am Chiemsee–Bergen–Freilassing–Salzburg. In August 1849, the plan for the foundation of a Munich-Rosenheim-Salzburg Railway Company (München-Rosenheim-Salzburger-Eisenbahn-Verein) was presented. The total cost would be 11 million guilders. The costs would be subscribed by 60,000 members of the company. The founding of the company was approved on 9 March 1850. The authorities sought to avoid a dispute over the route by modifying it. The new route ran via Holzkirchen rather than Glonn to give a better connection to the Miesbach coal field. Bavaria and Austria agreed to a treaty on 21 June 1851. This committed Bavaria to finish the Munich–Rosenheim–Kufstein/Salzburg railway by 1 March 1858. Austria was obliged, in return, to build a railway from Kufstein to Innsbruck by 1 March 1856 and to build a link from Salzburg to the Vienna–Trieste railway (Salzburg–Bruck) by 1 March 1858. Since the estimated cost of the railway continually increased from the beginning of 1852, the government now had to accept some of the costs. The state agreed to guarantee the society a return of two percent. At the beginning of 1852, it was questionable whether the company would be able to meet the specified opening date in the treaty at all. Therefore, the minister, Dr. Freiherr von Pfrodten sought a law that would allow the railway to continue to be built at state expense and operated as a state railway. Finally, on 7 May 1852 was decided to build the railway at government expense. In May 1854, the government announced that Austria would fail to comply with the opening schedule set out in the treaty because of the difficult terrain on the Salzburg–Bruck line. Bavaria then stopped all construction work. Austria was experiencing an economic crisis in 1854 and found it very difficult to negotiate a new treaty. The money for the construction of the railway was used for other purposes in the meantime. Negotiation of a new treaty was completed on 21 April 1856. The construction period for the Salzburg–Bruck railway was extended for five years. It has now estimated that the construction cost of the Rosenheim–Salzburg railway would be 9,412,985 million guilders.

Paragraph 42: On its founding date the church consisted of 5 presbyteries. These are the Presbytery of California, the Central Presbytery, New York Presbytery, Presbytery of Philadelphia and Canada Presbytery. The denomination is a conservative, doctrinally driven church. In the end of the 1990s the church consisted of 19 presbyteries not just in North and South America, but Russia, Europe. In 1983 it joined the North American Presbyterian and Reformed Council. It was founded in 1978 on the campus of Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by Korean immigrants. At its inception, the denomination consisted of five presbyteries: the Korean-American Presbytery, Central Presbytery, New York Presbytery, Philadelphia Presbytery, and Canada Presbytery. The denomination is conservative and doctrinally centered. By the late 1990s, the denomination had 19 presbyteries in addition to those in North and South America, including Russia and Europe. In 1983, it joined the North American Presbyterian and Reformed Council. Looking at the expansion history of this denomination, which started with five presbyteries and went through 31 presbyteries, after the establishment of the General Assembly with more than five presbyteries in 1978, the North California Presbytery was separated from the Korean-American Presbytery in the same year. Subsequently, in 1981, the Southeastern Presbytery was separated from the New York Presbytery, and in 1982, the Southern Presbytery was separated from the Korean-American Presbytery. In 1983, the Mid-America Presbytery joined the denomination. In 1984, the Capital Area Presbytery was separated from the New York Presbytery, and in 1985, the denomination, which was then based in North America, expanded its reach to Central and South America, and the Paraguay Presbytery joined the denomination. In 1987, the Southern California Presbytery was separated from the Korean-American Presbytery, and in 1989, the South America Presbytery joined the denomination, but it was merged with the Central and South America Presbytery in 1990. In 1991, the Europe Presbytery joined the denomination, and in 1992, the New York City Presbytery joined as a conference from the New York Presbytery, and the following year, in 1993, the New York Presbytery was renamed the New York East Presbytery, and it expanded into two presbyteries. In 1994, the Western California Presbytery was separated from the Korean-American Presbytery, and in the same year, the Brazil Presbytery joined the denomination. In 1996, the Hawaii Presbytery and the Eastern Canada Presbytery joined the denomination, and in the same year, the New England Presbytery was separated from the New York East Presbytery. In 1998, the New Zealand Presbytery joined the denomination, and in 1999, the Eastern North America Presbytery, which was affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in Korea, dissolved itself and decided to join the local presbytery, and the Northwestern Presbytery of the denomination joined, merging with the Korean-American Presbytery to become the Northwestern Presbytery, and in the same year, the New York City Presbytery and the Northeast Presbytery also merged and were renamed the New York City Presbytery. In 2000, the Pennsylvania Presbytery was separated from the Philadelphia Presbytery, and in 2002, an English Presbytery was established to meet the needs of second-generation Korean-Americans. In 2003, the English Council was established under the name of the North American Council. The North California Council was divided into the East and West Councils, and the Los Angeles Council was also established from the California Council. In 2005, the North California West Council was divided into the North and South Councils, and in 2008, the Washington Council was established from the Capital Council. In 2009, the Pacific Council joined and allowed the establishment of the New York East Council. In 2012, the LA Central Council was established from the Los Angeles Council, and the Rocky Mountain Council was established from the Central Council. In 2013, the Cami Council was established from the Northwest Council, and in 2014, the Garden Council was established from the New York Council and the East Coast Council was established from the West Coast Council. In 2015, the North and South California Councils were integrated into the North California Council. In 2017, the Southwest Council was established from the Southern California Council, and in 2018, the Southeast Asia Council was renamed the Asia Council. In 2019, the Los Angeles Council and the LA Central Council were merged into the Los Angeles Council. In 2020, the North American Council was divided into the North American East and West Councils.

Paragraph 43: Within education in Nigeria, vocational training and informal education dominate as the central forms of sharing regionally specific knowledge. Administration of vocational education in the country is overseen by the National Board for Technical Education.  In the early 1980s, as a result of high unemployment rates for school graduates, the Nigerian government placed a new emphasis on making vocational programs available to students. The most significant plan for improvement was the Master Plan for 2001-2010 for the Development of the National Vocational Education system developed by the Federal Ministry of Education in 2000.  Current challenges for the enforcement of these systems includes a shortage of teachers, poor statistics on the labour market needs, and outdated curriculum and technology at vocational training centers.  As it stands now, students in Nigeria can pursue either a National Technical Certificate or an Advanced National Technical Certificate.  Administration of these certificates is overseen by the National Business and Technical Examinations Board (NABTEB). In addition to institutional forms of vocational education, the Nigerian government allows and encourages participation in apprenticeships. These apprenticeships are instrumental in instilling the skills involved with a specific trade, but they also instill a commitment to community values including: patience, determination, and respect. Child Labour laws prevent children younger than 15 from entering the workforce, but children less than 15 years of age may legally procure apprenticeships.  While efforts are being made to improve the quality and availability of vocational education, many policy oriented approaches have been blocked by a small number of politicians. The failures to properly implement a national approach to worker's education has roots in the political instability of the country.  To this end, many academics have questioned if politicians are attempting to intentionally subjugate the working class through a lack of educational breadth.