Paragraph 1: Yogi Johnson has a period during which he anguishes over the fact that he doesn't seem to desire any woman at all, even though spring is approaching, "which turns a young man's fancy to love." At last, he falls in love with an Indigenous American woman who enters a restaurant clothed only in moccasins, the wife of one of the two Indigenous Americans he befriends near the end of the story, in the penultimate chapter. Johnson is cured of his impotence when, viewing the naked woman, he is overcome by "a new feeling" which he hastens to attribute to Mother Nature, and together they "light out for the territories."

Paragraph 2: Yogi Johnson has a period during which he anguishes over the fact that he doesn't seem to desire any woman at all, even though spring is approaching, "which turns a young man's fancy to love." At last, he falls in love with an Indigenous American woman who enters a restaurant clothed only in moccasins, the wife of one of the two Indigenous Americans he befriends near the end of the story, in the penultimate chapter. Johnson is cured of his impotence when, viewing the naked woman, he is overcome by "a new feeling" which he hastens to attribute to Mother Nature, and together they "light out for the territories."

Paragraph 3: John Allen studied physics initially at the University of Manitoba, where he received his bachelor's degree in 1928. Afterwards, he went to the University of Toronto to pursue postgraduate studies. He obtained his master's degree in 1930 and undertook his PhD working with John McLennan about superconductivity. He there developed and built his first cryostat which was taken by John McLennan for a demonstration of superconductivity in a public lecture to the Royal Institution in London. He obtained his PhD degree in 1933. With a two-year US National Research Council Fellowship which he obtained in 1933, he went to work as a postdoctoral researcher at Caltech between 1933 and 1935. In 1935, he joined the Mond Laboratory of the Royal Society in Cambridge to work with Pyotr Kapitsa on low temperature experiments. However, Kapitsa could not return from a visit of his mother in the Soviet Union in 1934 and never returned to Cambridge. So John Allen worked independently of Kapitsa on properties of helium at very low temperatures and published reports on the discovery of superfluidity in helium which were published side by side in Nature in January 1938. Despite the independent discovery at about the same time, the Nobel prize for Superfluidity was awarded only to Kapitsa in 1978.

Paragraph 4: "El Topo" is traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son, Hijo. After they come across a town whose people, horses and livestock have been slaughtered, "El Topo" hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. "El Topo" leaves his son to the monks of the settlement's mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. After turning bitter water sweet by stirring it with a branch, "El Topo" names the woman Marah. In need of food and water, "El Topo" spaces Marah's feet apart and digs up eggs from the sand beneath them, then utters a prayer before shooting a rock, which then releases water. When Marah tries these same techniques, she turns up nothing, seeming to lack "El Topo"'s faith. After "El Topo" tears her clothes and apparently rapes her, Marah promptly becomes able to find eggs and water. She tells "El Topo" she will not return his love unless he proves himself the best gun-fighter by defeating the desert's four great gun masters. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy and "El Topo" learns from each of them before instigating a duel. "El Topo" is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck.

Paragraph 5: Harry D'Amour is a fictional occult detective created by author, filmmaker, and artist Clive Barker. He originally appeared in the short story "The Last Illusion" in Books of Blood Volume 6, an anthology written by Barker and published in 1985. D'Amour has appeared in other Clive Barker prose stories, as well as comic books published by Boom! Studios, and the 1995 film Lord of Illusions wherein the character is portrayed by actor Scott Bakula. Following this, the comic book adaptation of Barker's novel The Great and Secret Show depicts D'Amour as resembling Bakula. In 2012, the cover for Hellraiser #18 (published by Boom! Studios) used actor Thomas Jane as the model for D'Amour. In multiple stories, D'Amour is depicted as living in the same reality as Barker's popular creations the Cenobites and the Hell Priest (widely known to fans of the Hellraiser movie franchise as Pinhead).

Paragraph 6: "El Topo" is traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son, Hijo. After they come across a town whose people, horses and livestock have been slaughtered, "El Topo" hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. "El Topo" leaves his son to the monks of the settlement's mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. After turning bitter water sweet by stirring it with a branch, "El Topo" names the woman Marah. In need of food and water, "El Topo" spaces Marah's feet apart and digs up eggs from the sand beneath them, then utters a prayer before shooting a rock, which then releases water. When Marah tries these same techniques, she turns up nothing, seeming to lack "El Topo"'s faith. After "El Topo" tears her clothes and apparently rapes her, Marah promptly becomes able to find eggs and water. She tells "El Topo" she will not return his love unless he proves himself the best gun-fighter by defeating the desert's four great gun masters. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy and "El Topo" learns from each of them before instigating a duel. "El Topo" is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck.

Paragraph 7: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 8: Harry D'Amour is a fictional occult detective created by author, filmmaker, and artist Clive Barker. He originally appeared in the short story "The Last Illusion" in Books of Blood Volume 6, an anthology written by Barker and published in 1985. D'Amour has appeared in other Clive Barker prose stories, as well as comic books published by Boom! Studios, and the 1995 film Lord of Illusions wherein the character is portrayed by actor Scott Bakula. Following this, the comic book adaptation of Barker's novel The Great and Secret Show depicts D'Amour as resembling Bakula. In 2012, the cover for Hellraiser #18 (published by Boom! Studios) used actor Thomas Jane as the model for D'Amour. In multiple stories, D'Amour is depicted as living in the same reality as Barker's popular creations the Cenobites and the Hell Priest (widely known to fans of the Hellraiser movie franchise as Pinhead).

Paragraph 9: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 10: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 11: Harry D'Amour is a fictional occult detective created by author, filmmaker, and artist Clive Barker. He originally appeared in the short story "The Last Illusion" in Books of Blood Volume 6, an anthology written by Barker and published in 1985. D'Amour has appeared in other Clive Barker prose stories, as well as comic books published by Boom! Studios, and the 1995 film Lord of Illusions wherein the character is portrayed by actor Scott Bakula. Following this, the comic book adaptation of Barker's novel The Great and Secret Show depicts D'Amour as resembling Bakula. In 2012, the cover for Hellraiser #18 (published by Boom! Studios) used actor Thomas Jane as the model for D'Amour. In multiple stories, D'Amour is depicted as living in the same reality as Barker's popular creations the Cenobites and the Hell Priest (widely known to fans of the Hellraiser movie franchise as Pinhead).

Paragraph 12: The Savanna Pumé are primarily hunter-gatherers who subsist on distinctly different diets during each of the dry and wet seasons. The River Pumé are horticulturalist who also practice some fishing, hunting and wild plant collection. Savanna Pumé men hunt primarily small terrestrial game during the wet season such as armadillos, tegu lizards, other small lizards, and rabbits. Men very infrequently obtain larger game such as capybara, deer, anteaters, or caimans. All hunting by Savanna Pumé is done with bows and arrows. Women collect several wild tubers, that are the main food during the wet season. Both sexes also perform some garden work that brings in complementary manioc as a dietary supplement without reducing their foraging for wild plants. Gardening is typical of swidden systems used by many tropical peoples throughout the world, however Savanna Pumé gardens are quite small compared with those of the River Pumé or other South American groups. In the past, foraging for turtle eggs was reported but is very uncommon today, possibly because of over-exploitation during the last 200 years. Other past game animals such as hunting for manatees are recognized as potentially edible, but no recent reports of their consumption are reported by the Pumé. During the dry season, Pumé men fish using bows and arrows, hook and line, and fish poison. The dry season also offers opportunities for bird hunting and capture of small numbers of turtles and tortoises. Women, accompanied by some men, collect feral mangos in prodigious quantities during the dry season as well as a few other species of small fruits that are much less important. River Pumé have less seasonal variation in their diet. They rely more on a diversity of cultivated crops, can fish year round in the major rivers, hunt and gather some foods, and may work in wage labor jobs for the local Criollos. River Pumé successfully raise small numbers of chickens and pigs, animals rarely husbanded by Savanna Pumé for more than a couple months before being consumed during periods of hunger

Paragraph 13: Intrinsic, or Integrity: Argument from intrinsic values is a type of Inherency argument, whereas argument from Integrity is a Justification argument; it has rarely been argued the other way around, that intrinsic values belong to Justification and integrity belongs to Inherency, because that is the presumption of the status quo, and the Negative tends to clash with the Affirmative rather than supporting the status quo.  These types of Inherency-versus-Justification debates sometime clash, that is, give good opposition or direct differentiation between them.  Are the values assumed by the resolution intrinsic to the interests of the policy plan?  Are the values assumed by the policy plan intrinsic to the goals of the resolution?  And vice-versa.  Likewise, is the integrity of the resolution-as-policy preserved or enhanced by the plan?  Is the plan's integrity necessary to affirm the resolution?  Intrinsic-integrity tend to differ from argument-for instrumentality but not much from argument-from instrumentality.  Instrumentality is the deciding factor of which policy plan or position, in implementation as an instrument of a value, upholds the better set of values overall: the status quo, the Affirmative supporting the resolution, or the Negative undermining the Affirmative.  Instrumentality evaluates feasibility and best-fit at the same time within a values debate judgment about policy interests rather that straight weighing of advantages and disadvantages of stock issue burdens.  It is rare but does occur in debate rounds that the stock issues approach is not the best way to evaluate advantages and disadvantages because stock issues overly focus on harms and there is a cost or risk burden when participating in certain policies that would be dangerous to the implementing agency or benefits recipient group.  The difference is not what one can do as a plan or should do as a resolution but what is best to do, rightly understood, as policy debate.  For example, in order to affirm the resolution, the Affirmative can challenge that debate against the resolution must not censure the Press, for national security reasons.  On the other hand, with direct clash, the Negative could counter that any topical debate must not avoid censuring the Press sometimes, for protected free speech reasons different from propaganda. 

Paragraph 14: The Savanna Pumé are primarily hunter-gatherers who subsist on distinctly different diets during each of the dry and wet seasons. The River Pumé are horticulturalist who also practice some fishing, hunting and wild plant collection. Savanna Pumé men hunt primarily small terrestrial game during the wet season such as armadillos, tegu lizards, other small lizards, and rabbits. Men very infrequently obtain larger game such as capybara, deer, anteaters, or caimans. All hunting by Savanna Pumé is done with bows and arrows. Women collect several wild tubers, that are the main food during the wet season. Both sexes also perform some garden work that brings in complementary manioc as a dietary supplement without reducing their foraging for wild plants. Gardening is typical of swidden systems used by many tropical peoples throughout the world, however Savanna Pumé gardens are quite small compared with those of the River Pumé or other South American groups. In the past, foraging for turtle eggs was reported but is very uncommon today, possibly because of over-exploitation during the last 200 years. Other past game animals such as hunting for manatees are recognized as potentially edible, but no recent reports of their consumption are reported by the Pumé. During the dry season, Pumé men fish using bows and arrows, hook and line, and fish poison. The dry season also offers opportunities for bird hunting and capture of small numbers of turtles and tortoises. Women, accompanied by some men, collect feral mangos in prodigious quantities during the dry season as well as a few other species of small fruits that are much less important. River Pumé have less seasonal variation in their diet. They rely more on a diversity of cultivated crops, can fish year round in the major rivers, hunt and gather some foods, and may work in wage labor jobs for the local Criollos. River Pumé successfully raise small numbers of chickens and pigs, animals rarely husbanded by Savanna Pumé for more than a couple months before being consumed during periods of hunger

Paragraph 15: Harry D'Amour is a fictional occult detective created by author, filmmaker, and artist Clive Barker. He originally appeared in the short story "The Last Illusion" in Books of Blood Volume 6, an anthology written by Barker and published in 1985. D'Amour has appeared in other Clive Barker prose stories, as well as comic books published by Boom! Studios, and the 1995 film Lord of Illusions wherein the character is portrayed by actor Scott Bakula. Following this, the comic book adaptation of Barker's novel The Great and Secret Show depicts D'Amour as resembling Bakula. In 2012, the cover for Hellraiser #18 (published by Boom! Studios) used actor Thomas Jane as the model for D'Amour. In multiple stories, D'Amour is depicted as living in the same reality as Barker's popular creations the Cenobites and the Hell Priest (widely known to fans of the Hellraiser movie franchise as Pinhead).

Paragraph 16: "El Topo" is traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son, Hijo. After they come across a town whose people, horses and livestock have been slaughtered, "El Topo" hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. "El Topo" leaves his son to the monks of the settlement's mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. After turning bitter water sweet by stirring it with a branch, "El Topo" names the woman Marah. In need of food and water, "El Topo" spaces Marah's feet apart and digs up eggs from the sand beneath them, then utters a prayer before shooting a rock, which then releases water. When Marah tries these same techniques, she turns up nothing, seeming to lack "El Topo"'s faith. After "El Topo" tears her clothes and apparently rapes her, Marah promptly becomes able to find eggs and water. She tells "El Topo" she will not return his love unless he proves himself the best gun-fighter by defeating the desert's four great gun masters. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy and "El Topo" learns from each of them before instigating a duel. "El Topo" is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck.

Paragraph 17: With the escalation of the Sri Lankan Civil War in the mid 1980's the Sri Lanka Army formed a "Combat Tracker Team" in 1985 to conduct direct action and covert reconnaissance against LTTE units operating in the thick jungles in the northern part of the island in small groups. At its inception this unit was made up of two officers and 38 men under the command of Major Gamini Hettiarachchi from the Sri Lanka Armoured Corps. The Combat Tracker Team became the reconnaissance element of the short lived Special Service Group (SSG) and was renamed as the Rapid Deployment Force (RDF) (Special Force) in 1985 which operated independently, during which time Lieutenant (later Colonel) A. F. Lafir joined the RDF from the Gajaba Regiment. Following several successful operations, the RDF was gradually expanded to four squadrons. On 10 December 1988, the RDF (SF) was officially designated as the 1 Special Forces Regiment (1 SF) Naula in the Central province under the command of Major G. Hettiarachchi. With the view of increasing its mobility and stroke capacity 1 SF formed Combat Rider Team with assistance from South Africa. The 2 Special Forces Regiment (2 SF) was formed on 18 February 1994 at Monkey Bridge Camp in Trincomalee with detached B, D, and E squadrons of 1 SF under the command of Major Raj Wijesiri. 2 SF soon raised a Combat Diver Team to specializing in amphibious warfare and later moved to Nayaru on the eastern seaboard. On 18 July 1996 the 25 Brigade HQ of the Sri Lanka Army at its base at Mullaitivu came under attack in what is known as the Battle of Mullaitivu. 1SF and 2SF were dropped by helicopter to spearhead in the rescue operation which reached the base on 23 July. Both units suffered heavy casualties including the commanding officer of 1SF, Lieutenant Colonel A. F. Lafir who was posthumously awarded the Parama Weera Vibhushanaya. In August 1996, the 3 Special Forces Regiment (3 SF) was formed with personal from the other two SF regiments to develop amphibious warfare capability to counter activity of the Sea Tigers, it was soon re-tasked to carryout long-range penetration missions in deep into LTTE controlled areas. This resulted in the start of Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol (LRRP) concept in September 1996 with 3 SF based at Vavuniya under the command of Major Mahesh Senanayake. 3 SF rescinded J and K Squadrons and created M Squadron. In December 1996, the Special Forces Brigade was formed bringing 1SF, 2SF and 2SF under its operational command. On 15 June 2008, 4 Special Forces Regiment (4 SF) was raised at  SF Training School in Maduru Oya under the command of Major J.P.C. Peiris support the demands of the new northern offensive. The 5th Special Forces Regiment (5 SF) was formed in 2009 and was disbanded on 1 April 2012. On 16 April 2012, 4SF formed an Urban Fighting Squadron specializing in counter terrorism and urban warfare.

Paragraph 18: The Chichester family, which in 2012 still exists in several branches and survives in North Devon at Hall, two miles SE of Bishops Tawton, was historically one of the leading ancient gentry families of Devon, having been established in 1384 at the manor of Raleigh, in the parish of Pilton near Barnstaple, upon the marriage of John Chichester of Somerset to Thomasine de Ralegh, daughter and heiress of Sir John de Ralegh. The site of the great manor house of Raleigh, which was sold by Sir Arthur Chichester, 3rd Baronet (c.1662-1718)  to Arthur Champneys, MP, a Barnstaple merchant, is now occupied by a disused 1960's concrete building, part of the complex of North Devon District Hospital. The present Georgian mansion called Raleigh House was built on a site directly above the old mansion by Nicholas Hooper, whose father Sir Nicholas Hooper, MP, had purchased the manor from Champneys in 1703. The Chichester family thenceforth lived at Youlston. According to the hearth tax returns of 1664, which showed Raleigh still to have been owned by Sir John Chichester, 1st Baronet, of Raleigh (1623-1667) it had 24 hearths, making it one of the largest houses in North Devon, possibly second largest after Tawstock Court. The manor of Arlington was also inherited from the de Ralegh family, and was thus one of the family's most ancient Devon possessions. It was later given by the Chichesters to a younger son from a second marriage, Amyas Chichester (d.1577), who married Jane Giffard, daughter of Sir Roger Giffard of Brightley in the parish of Chittlehampton, and by her produced a family of nineteen sons and four daughters, thus establishing there his own branch of the family. The large family of Amyas is referred to by Charles Kingsley in Westward Ho!  Hall in the parish of Bishops Tawton was inherited in 1461 by Richard Chichester on his marriage to Thomasine de Halle, daughter and heiress of Simon de Halle. The manor of Shirwell, in which is situated Youlston House, was inherited by the Chichester family temp. Henry VII (1485-1509) by marriage to Margaret Beaumont, daughter and co-heiress of Sir Thomas Beaumont, whose family had resided at Youlston since the reign of Henry I (1100-1135). Shirwell is adjacent to the south of Arlington.  Margaret Beaumont's sister and co-heiress Joan Beaumont married into the Basset family of Whitechapel and Tehidy, to which family she brought the other Beaumont lands of Umberleigh and Heanton Punchardon. The pioneering yachtsman Sir Francis Chichester (1901-1972) was the son of Rev. Charles Chichester, appointed by the family as parson of Shirwell, seventh son of Sir Arthur Chichester, 8th Baronet (1822-1898), of Youlston. He was buried at St Peter's church in Shirwell where two monuments to him exist. His younger son is Giles Chichester (b. 1946), former Conservative Member of the European Parliament for South West England and Gibraltar, who stood down in 2014. (For the history of the wider family see Marquess of Donegall and Chichester baronets).

Paragraph 19: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 20: Intrinsic, or Integrity: Argument from intrinsic values is a type of Inherency argument, whereas argument from Integrity is a Justification argument; it has rarely been argued the other way around, that intrinsic values belong to Justification and integrity belongs to Inherency, because that is the presumption of the status quo, and the Negative tends to clash with the Affirmative rather than supporting the status quo.  These types of Inherency-versus-Justification debates sometime clash, that is, give good opposition or direct differentiation between them.  Are the values assumed by the resolution intrinsic to the interests of the policy plan?  Are the values assumed by the policy plan intrinsic to the goals of the resolution?  And vice-versa.  Likewise, is the integrity of the resolution-as-policy preserved or enhanced by the plan?  Is the plan's integrity necessary to affirm the resolution?  Intrinsic-integrity tend to differ from argument-for instrumentality but not much from argument-from instrumentality.  Instrumentality is the deciding factor of which policy plan or position, in implementation as an instrument of a value, upholds the better set of values overall: the status quo, the Affirmative supporting the resolution, or the Negative undermining the Affirmative.  Instrumentality evaluates feasibility and best-fit at the same time within a values debate judgment about policy interests rather that straight weighing of advantages and disadvantages of stock issue burdens.  It is rare but does occur in debate rounds that the stock issues approach is not the best way to evaluate advantages and disadvantages because stock issues overly focus on harms and there is a cost or risk burden when participating in certain policies that would be dangerous to the implementing agency or benefits recipient group.  The difference is not what one can do as a plan or should do as a resolution but what is best to do, rightly understood, as policy debate.  For example, in order to affirm the resolution, the Affirmative can challenge that debate against the resolution must not censure the Press, for national security reasons.  On the other hand, with direct clash, the Negative could counter that any topical debate must not avoid censuring the Press sometimes, for protected free speech reasons different from propaganda. 

Paragraph 21: Harry D'Amour is a fictional occult detective created by author, filmmaker, and artist Clive Barker. He originally appeared in the short story "The Last Illusion" in Books of Blood Volume 6, an anthology written by Barker and published in 1985. D'Amour has appeared in other Clive Barker prose stories, as well as comic books published by Boom! Studios, and the 1995 film Lord of Illusions wherein the character is portrayed by actor Scott Bakula. Following this, the comic book adaptation of Barker's novel The Great and Secret Show depicts D'Amour as resembling Bakula. In 2012, the cover for Hellraiser #18 (published by Boom! Studios) used actor Thomas Jane as the model for D'Amour. In multiple stories, D'Amour is depicted as living in the same reality as Barker's popular creations the Cenobites and the Hell Priest (widely known to fans of the Hellraiser movie franchise as Pinhead).

Paragraph 22: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 23: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 24: The Chichester family, which in 2012 still exists in several branches and survives in North Devon at Hall, two miles SE of Bishops Tawton, was historically one of the leading ancient gentry families of Devon, having been established in 1384 at the manor of Raleigh, in the parish of Pilton near Barnstaple, upon the marriage of John Chichester of Somerset to Thomasine de Ralegh, daughter and heiress of Sir John de Ralegh. The site of the great manor house of Raleigh, which was sold by Sir Arthur Chichester, 3rd Baronet (c.1662-1718)  to Arthur Champneys, MP, a Barnstaple merchant, is now occupied by a disused 1960's concrete building, part of the complex of North Devon District Hospital. The present Georgian mansion called Raleigh House was built on a site directly above the old mansion by Nicholas Hooper, whose father Sir Nicholas Hooper, MP, had purchased the manor from Champneys in 1703. The Chichester family thenceforth lived at Youlston. According to the hearth tax returns of 1664, which showed Raleigh still to have been owned by Sir John Chichester, 1st Baronet, of Raleigh (1623-1667) it had 24 hearths, making it one of the largest houses in North Devon, possibly second largest after Tawstock Court. The manor of Arlington was also inherited from the de Ralegh family, and was thus one of the family's most ancient Devon possessions. It was later given by the Chichesters to a younger son from a second marriage, Amyas Chichester (d.1577), who married Jane Giffard, daughter of Sir Roger Giffard of Brightley in the parish of Chittlehampton, and by her produced a family of nineteen sons and four daughters, thus establishing there his own branch of the family. The large family of Amyas is referred to by Charles Kingsley in Westward Ho!  Hall in the parish of Bishops Tawton was inherited in 1461 by Richard Chichester on his marriage to Thomasine de Halle, daughter and heiress of Simon de Halle. The manor of Shirwell, in which is situated Youlston House, was inherited by the Chichester family temp. Henry VII (1485-1509) by marriage to Margaret Beaumont, daughter and co-heiress of Sir Thomas Beaumont, whose family had resided at Youlston since the reign of Henry I (1100-1135). Shirwell is adjacent to the south of Arlington.  Margaret Beaumont's sister and co-heiress Joan Beaumont married into the Basset family of Whitechapel and Tehidy, to which family she brought the other Beaumont lands of Umberleigh and Heanton Punchardon. The pioneering yachtsman Sir Francis Chichester (1901-1972) was the son of Rev. Charles Chichester, appointed by the family as parson of Shirwell, seventh son of Sir Arthur Chichester, 8th Baronet (1822-1898), of Youlston. He was buried at St Peter's church in Shirwell where two monuments to him exist. His younger son is Giles Chichester (b. 1946), former Conservative Member of the European Parliament for South West England and Gibraltar, who stood down in 2014. (For the history of the wider family see Marquess of Donegall and Chichester baronets).

Paragraph 25: Andrew "Andy" Botwin (Justin Kirk, leading character)—also known as Bill Sussman in seasons three and seven, and as Randy Newman in season six—is Judah's brother, a fun-loving, irresponsible slacker. After Judah's death, Nancy reluctantly allows Andy to live at the house. She realizes that his presence is needed for her business and as a father figure for the children, along with coercing her into letting him stay for as long as he wants after he discovers that she’s been selling weed from Heylia. He is also an archetypal Shakespearean 'fool', behaving like a child. For example, in the second season, he takes an eleven-year-old Shane for a hand job to stop the children in his class from tormenting him. Nonetheless, he can occasionally have moments with great insight. By the fifth season, Andy becomes more responsible in response to Nancy's absence as a mother to her children. He discovers that he is in love with Nancy, who does not reciprocate his feelings. He helps Nancy raise her and Esteban's son during their brief breakup, but relinquishes his paternal rights after they reunite. After this, he starts dating, and eventually proposes to Dr. Audra Kitson, but abandons her when they are confronted by her anti-abortionist stalker. After fleeing to Denmark, Andy becomes a tour guide under the name "Wonderful Wonderful Tours". He and the rest go back to the United States to find Nancy in New York City. Andy eventually finds a way to profit off of his own invention of "Copenhagen wheels", designed to make your bicycle supposedly ride "faster". Andy befriends a Rabbi named Dave, after a random encounter in the hospital after Nancy is shot. He pursues a short affair with Jill; they live together after her divorce with her husband, Scott. Jill falsely tests positive for a pregnancy and, in the meantime, she breaks up with Andy and has a one-night stand with Doug. After Jill leaves the entire house to move elsewhere, the rest of the group visits Agrestic (re-titled Regrestic after the fire) in order to make amends and see how things are doing there. Of the many times that Andy has described his deep love for Nancy, she always refused somewhat, and he regrets heavily for staying with her for so long. Thus, he decides to move on, leaving Nancy for good. In the series finale, Andy returns for Stevie's bar mitzvah; he has started his own restaurant and now has a 3-year-old daughter.

Paragraph 26: The Savanna Pumé are primarily hunter-gatherers who subsist on distinctly different diets during each of the dry and wet seasons. The River Pumé are horticulturalist who also practice some fishing, hunting and wild plant collection. Savanna Pumé men hunt primarily small terrestrial game during the wet season such as armadillos, tegu lizards, other small lizards, and rabbits. Men very infrequently obtain larger game such as capybara, deer, anteaters, or caimans. All hunting by Savanna Pumé is done with bows and arrows. Women collect several wild tubers, that are the main food during the wet season. Both sexes also perform some garden work that brings in complementary manioc as a dietary supplement without reducing their foraging for wild plants. Gardening is typical of swidden systems used by many tropical peoples throughout the world, however Savanna Pumé gardens are quite small compared with those of the River Pumé or other South American groups. In the past, foraging for turtle eggs was reported but is very uncommon today, possibly because of over-exploitation during the last 200 years. Other past game animals such as hunting for manatees are recognized as potentially edible, but no recent reports of their consumption are reported by the Pumé. During the dry season, Pumé men fish using bows and arrows, hook and line, and fish poison. The dry season also offers opportunities for bird hunting and capture of small numbers of turtles and tortoises. Women, accompanied by some men, collect feral mangos in prodigious quantities during the dry season as well as a few other species of small fruits that are much less important. River Pumé have less seasonal variation in their diet. They rely more on a diversity of cultivated crops, can fish year round in the major rivers, hunt and gather some foods, and may work in wage labor jobs for the local Criollos. River Pumé successfully raise small numbers of chickens and pigs, animals rarely husbanded by Savanna Pumé for more than a couple months before being consumed during periods of hunger

Paragraph 27: "El Topo" is traveling through a desert on horseback with his naked young son, Hijo. After they come across a town whose people, horses and livestock have been slaughtered, "El Topo" hunts down and kills the perpetrators and their leader, a fat balding Colonel. "El Topo" leaves his son to the monks of the settlement's mission and rides off with a woman whom the Colonel had kept as a slave. After turning bitter water sweet by stirring it with a branch, "El Topo" names the woman Marah. In need of food and water, "El Topo" spaces Marah's feet apart and digs up eggs from the sand beneath them, then utters a prayer before shooting a rock, which then releases water. When Marah tries these same techniques, she turns up nothing, seeming to lack "El Topo"'s faith. After "El Topo" tears her clothes and apparently rapes her, Marah promptly becomes able to find eggs and water. She tells "El Topo" she will not return his love unless he proves himself the best gun-fighter by defeating the desert's four great gun masters. Each gun master represents a particular religion or philosophy and "El Topo" learns from each of them before instigating a duel. "El Topo" is victorious each time, not through superior skill but through trickery or luck.