Paragraph 1: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 2: One thing many people did not know was that at a young age Brady suffered from a bout of Scarlet Fever robbing him of his hearing in his left ear and minimal hearing in his right.  Bob  played  just  one  year  of  high  school  baseball,  his  junior  season.  This  was  due  to  the  fact  that  the  high  school  had  not  sponsored  a  baseball  program  since  1936  and  Bob  left  high  school  in  the  spring  of  his  senior  year  to  play  minor  league  ball  for  Williamsport.  Brady,  along  with  his  team,  had  an  outstanding  1940  campaign  as  the  Panthers  went  9 – 1  under  coach  Jay  M.  Riden.    A  2 – 0  loss  to  Juniata  Joint  was  the  only  blemish  of  the  season.  In  10  games,  Bob  had  17  hits  in  38  at – bats  for  a  .447  average.    He  drove – in  10  runs  and  scored  nine.  The  left – handed  hitter  also  stroked  four  doubles  and  had  three  triples.    He  played  mostly  first  base  but  also  saw  time  in  the  outfield  and  caught  in  one  game.  On  August 24, 1946  Bob  played  in  his  first  major  league  game  for  the  Boston  Braves,  now  known  as  the  Atlanta  Braves.  Brady  appeared  in  two  more  games  that  season,  going  1 – for – 5  at  the  plate.   He  also  drew  a  walk.  In  1947  Brady  appeared  in  just  one  game,  that  coming  on  April  17,  going  hitless  in  just  one  at – bat.  That  game  was  to  be  Bob’s  final  one  on  the  major  league  level.

Paragraph 3: The first section of the pamphlet talks about the economics of Black women and how on average in 1969, a non-white woman made approximately three times less than a white man.  At the time, the wage scale for white men is $6,704, compared to the $2,861 Black women made. The capitalist system reduces Black women to level of enslavement. Men are exploited by capitalism as well, as they are given a level of superiority based on patriarchal beliefs. This superiority allows women to be exploited by the system. For example, Black women are given specific jobs as domestic and hospital workers, where employers can pay them less amounts of money than others in the same field. Beal thus exposes the concrete economic raison d'être of both racism and sexism. In other words, it pays, for some, to uphold such reactionary and divisive ideologies since the more a group of people is marginalized and discriminated against the easier it is to exploit their labor (to have a pool of low-waged workers). Beal draws several conclusions from this: 1) that the divisions created between workers because of the different pay rates are hindering the advancement of the workers' struggle as a whole because white workers do not readily question their privileges; 2) that, in the end, one has to see different forms of exploitation as related to one another if we want to get rid of them all; 3) and that an awareness of, and an end to the super-exploitation of Black workers, and women in particular, should be a priority in the fight against capitalism. "It is not an intellectual persecution alone; the movement is not a psychological outburst for us; it is quite real. We as Black women have got to deal with the problems that the Black masses deal with, for our problems in reality are one and the same," Beal said. Division in the workforce creates a labor hierarchy. The labor hierarchy can influence work environments and overall treatment of employees. Since the formation of slavery, Black women have been viewed solely on a level servitude. Black women have always been viewed as workers. The collection of these ideas has had a negative impact on the way they are treated in the years following, even in modern times. When describing the labor market as a whole, Nina Banks states the Black women have always had the highest level participation, regardless of age, marital status, or number of children. The essay discusses economic oppression of Black women from the perspective of racism. However, Beal did not analyze class oppression as an independent form of oppression.  Although the economic oppression of Black women was rooted in racism and sexism that historically constrained them to low wage jobs, Black women face multiple oppressions that impede their liberation. The essay discusses how capitalist system within the American society defined manhood. An individual is considered a real "man" if he has a good job, makes a lot of money and drives a fancy car. For more context on this concept of manhood, see The Negro Family: The Case For National Action. The essay argues that many Black women accepted this capitalist evaluation of manhood. This contributed to the strained relationship between the Black man and woman; Black women viewed Black men as lazy and explained this for their lack of employment.

Paragraph 4: The 1934 United States Senate elections were held in the middle of Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt's first term. The 32 seats of Class 1 were contested in regular elections, and special elections were held to fill vacancies. During the Great Depression, voters strongly backed Roosevelt's New Deal and his allies in the Senate, with Democrats picking up a net of nine seats, giving them a supermajority (which required 64 seats, two-thirds of the total 96 seats in 1934). This marked the first time that an incumbent president's party did not lose seats in both houses in a midterm election, followed by 1998 and 2002. This was also the first time in American history that the opposition party failed to flip any Senate seats, something that only occurred once since, in 2022.

Paragraph 5: By July 1961, there were plans for a $2.5 million renovation of the Hotel Sahara. Also planned was a 24-story hotel tower, designed by Stern, that would cost $4.5 million. The project would also include a parking garage along the Las Vegas Strip. Del E. Webb Corporation completed a purchase of the Sahara later in 1961, by acquiring shares in its corporate owner, the Sahara-Nevada Corporation. At the time, state law for gaming licenses meant that every shareholder in a company would have to undergo the mandated investigations of the Nevada Gaming Control Board. Because large corporations have many shareholders, this essentially prevented such companies from operating casinos in Nevada. Del Webb devised a plan to work around this issue by operating as a landlord, meaning its shareholders would not need to undergo investigations. A separate organization, Consolidated Casino Corporation, was set up by Del Webb to operate the casino. Jacobson, Prell and Winter owned Consolidated Casino Corporation, and Prell and Winter were also retained to serve, respectively, as chairman of the board and president of Sahara-Nevada Corporation. An expansion of the restaurant and lounge facilities was underway in late 1961, and an enlargement of the Casbar Theater was completed in early 1962.

Paragraph 6: Metal Gear RAY differs from previous Metal Gear models in that it is not a nuclear launch platform, but instead, a weapon of conventional warfare, originally designed by the U.S. Marines to hunt down and destroy the many Metal Gear derivatives that became common after Metal Gear REX's plans leak following the events of Shadow Moses. RAY is designed to be even more maneuverable and flexible in deployment than other models and can operate both on land and in water. While RAY has a pair of Gatling guns and missile launchers on its back and knees to defend itself from more conventional battlefield threats, its primary weapon is a powerful water jet cutter, which can cut through heavily armored foes, such as Metal Gear derivatives. RAY is more organic in appearance and in function than previous models. Its streamlined shape helps to deflect enemy fire and allows for greater maneuverability both on land and in water. Its interior workings are also somewhat organic, as it has artificial fibers that contract when electricity is applied, much like natural muscle, instead of typical hydraulics; this pseudo-muscle tissue makes it very maneuverable. It also has a nervous-system-like network of conductive nanotubes, which connect the widely dispersed sensor systems and relay commands from the cockpit to the various parts of RAY's body, automatically bypassing damaged systems and rerouting to auxiliary systems when needed. Another feature is its blood-like armor-repair nanopaste, which is secreted from valves and coagulates wherever the exterior surface is damaged. Particularly unusual is its "face", with two "eyes" and a gaping "mouth", only seen when the head armor is removed. The original version is an operational prototype labeled "MARINES", which has a cockpit for a single pilot, and a long tail intended for balance while making leaps or operating underwater. The entire forward interior of the cockpit is a heads-up display, allowing the pilot to look around as if there were no obstruction between him and the battlefield. The mass-production model labeled "U.S. NAVY" lacks the tail of the prototype, but it has rounded knees and only one sensory input or "eye" instead of the prototype's two. They are also painted in an olive-drab camouflage pattern.

Paragraph 7: The establishment date of Matcham & Co. is unclear; it could originate from when Matcham established his office in Belfast in 1884 after the success of the Paragon Theatre in Mile End, or it could be a renaming of Robinson's business which Matcham took over a decade or so prior to the 1880s. What is known is that it operated out of three offices in Holborn at different times. The first was in Bedford Row, between 1880 and 1886, after which it moved to 3 Great James Street. The business stayed there until 1893 when it moved again, this time to 9 Warwick Court, where it remained until after Matcham's death. It is not known how many staff Matcham employed; he worked with a regular team of assistants and craftsmen, among them, Felix De Jong, an expert in work with fibrous plaster; Jonas Binns, a specialist decorator; and Albert Dean, a master furnisher. During their time in operation, Matcham & Co. completed around 170 theatre designs. Matcham was assisted in his designs and the running of the business by the engineer R.A. Briggs and F. G. M. Chancellor, an architect. Little is known of the working relationship between the three men, only that it was a prosperous one.

Paragraph 8: Metal Gear RAY differs from previous Metal Gear models in that it is not a nuclear launch platform, but instead, a weapon of conventional warfare, originally designed by the U.S. Marines to hunt down and destroy the many Metal Gear derivatives that became common after Metal Gear REX's plans leak following the events of Shadow Moses. RAY is designed to be even more maneuverable and flexible in deployment than other models and can operate both on land and in water. While RAY has a pair of Gatling guns and missile launchers on its back and knees to defend itself from more conventional battlefield threats, its primary weapon is a powerful water jet cutter, which can cut through heavily armored foes, such as Metal Gear derivatives. RAY is more organic in appearance and in function than previous models. Its streamlined shape helps to deflect enemy fire and allows for greater maneuverability both on land and in water. Its interior workings are also somewhat organic, as it has artificial fibers that contract when electricity is applied, much like natural muscle, instead of typical hydraulics; this pseudo-muscle tissue makes it very maneuverable. It also has a nervous-system-like network of conductive nanotubes, which connect the widely dispersed sensor systems and relay commands from the cockpit to the various parts of RAY's body, automatically bypassing damaged systems and rerouting to auxiliary systems when needed. Another feature is its blood-like armor-repair nanopaste, which is secreted from valves and coagulates wherever the exterior surface is damaged. Particularly unusual is its "face", with two "eyes" and a gaping "mouth", only seen when the head armor is removed. The original version is an operational prototype labeled "MARINES", which has a cockpit for a single pilot, and a long tail intended for balance while making leaps or operating underwater. The entire forward interior of the cockpit is a heads-up display, allowing the pilot to look around as if there were no obstruction between him and the battlefield. The mass-production model labeled "U.S. NAVY" lacks the tail of the prototype, but it has rounded knees and only one sensory input or "eye" instead of the prototype's two. They are also painted in an olive-drab camouflage pattern.

Paragraph 9: The promotion of food combining is not based in fact and makes claims that have no scientific backing, displaying some characteristics of pseudoscience. Kenzie Burke utilizes a multitude of positive testimonials for her 21-Day Reset program that detail various customers' stories of success with the program. One randomized controlled trial of food combining was performed in 2000, and found no evidence that food combining was any more effective than a "balanced" diet in promoting weight loss. Besides this study, there is minimal legitimate scientific research on food combining as a diet, and subsequently no sufficient amount of legitimate scientific evidence for any of the diet's claims and any benefits it could potentially have for one's health.

Paragraph 10: Metal Gear RAY differs from previous Metal Gear models in that it is not a nuclear launch platform, but instead, a weapon of conventional warfare, originally designed by the U.S. Marines to hunt down and destroy the many Metal Gear derivatives that became common after Metal Gear REX's plans leak following the events of Shadow Moses. RAY is designed to be even more maneuverable and flexible in deployment than other models and can operate both on land and in water. While RAY has a pair of Gatling guns and missile launchers on its back and knees to defend itself from more conventional battlefield threats, its primary weapon is a powerful water jet cutter, which can cut through heavily armored foes, such as Metal Gear derivatives. RAY is more organic in appearance and in function than previous models. Its streamlined shape helps to deflect enemy fire and allows for greater maneuverability both on land and in water. Its interior workings are also somewhat organic, as it has artificial fibers that contract when electricity is applied, much like natural muscle, instead of typical hydraulics; this pseudo-muscle tissue makes it very maneuverable. It also has a nervous-system-like network of conductive nanotubes, which connect the widely dispersed sensor systems and relay commands from the cockpit to the various parts of RAY's body, automatically bypassing damaged systems and rerouting to auxiliary systems when needed. Another feature is its blood-like armor-repair nanopaste, which is secreted from valves and coagulates wherever the exterior surface is damaged. Particularly unusual is its "face", with two "eyes" and a gaping "mouth", only seen when the head armor is removed. The original version is an operational prototype labeled "MARINES", which has a cockpit for a single pilot, and a long tail intended for balance while making leaps or operating underwater. The entire forward interior of the cockpit is a heads-up display, allowing the pilot to look around as if there were no obstruction between him and the battlefield. The mass-production model labeled "U.S. NAVY" lacks the tail of the prototype, but it has rounded knees and only one sensory input or "eye" instead of the prototype's two. They are also painted in an olive-drab camouflage pattern.

Paragraph 11: For the Falcons home opener the 1–0 St. Louis Rams came to the Georgia Dome to take on the 1–0 Falcons. The Falcons started their second drive of the game from their own 18-yard line when Michael Vick dumped a pass off to his full back Justin Griffith. Griffith took the ball all the way to the St. Louis 20 for a 62-yard gain. 4 plays later Vick found Griffith again this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to give the Falcons the lead 7 to 0. In the second quarter Vick set up the Falcons second score of the game, with a 14-yard run to the St. Louis 2-yard line. Vick's run was followed by Warrick Dunn scoring the Falcons second touchdown of the game. After Jay Feely’s extra point the Falcons had the lead 14 to 0. On the following drive the Rams’ offence moved the ball 82 yards to the Falcon's 1-yard line where Marshall Faulk capped of the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. Vick and the Falcons got the ball back with 1:06 left before half time. Vick's 3 rushes on the drive for 20, 14, and 18 yards put Falcons kicker Jay Feely in range for a 35-yard field goal with 6 seconds left in the half. The Falcon's went into half time with a 10-point lead. In the third quarter Ram's QB Marc Bulger completed 4 of 5 passes as he moved the ball down the field on an 80-yard touchdown drive. The drive was capped off with a 33-yard touchdown pass to Torry Holt, which cut the Falcons lead 3 points. Later in the third quarter the rams tied when Jeff Wilkins hit a 46-yard field goal to make the score 17 to 17. On the next drive Vick completed 3 of his 4 pass attempts for 48 yards. He then set up another Warrick Dunn 2-yard touchdown run with a 7-yard rush from the St. Louis 9-yard line. Because of a taunting penalty on the kick off the rams started their ensuing drive on their own 10-yard line. On first down Patrick Kerney sacked Ram's QB Marc Bulger at the St. Louis 1-yard line. Backed up at their own 1-yard line Bulger and the Rams wanted to try to make a big play (after the game Bulger said "I was going for a home run,"). When Bulger dropped back to pass in his own end zone Falcon's defensive end Brady Smith got into the back field, and took the ball right from Bulger's hand for a touchdown. Bulger almost got the pass off for what could have been a 99-yard touchdown for the Rams. "I was a half-second away from letting the ball go. ... It could have been a touchdown the other way." Said Bulger after the game. The Falcons kicked one more field goal before the game ended to make the final score Falcons 34, Rams 17. . For the third time in his career Vick ran for more than 100 yards in a game; he finished the game with 109. For the second week in a row Warrick Dunn ran for 2 touchdowns .

Paragraph 12: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 13: The first section of the pamphlet talks about the economics of Black women and how on average in 1969, a non-white woman made approximately three times less than a white man.  At the time, the wage scale for white men is $6,704, compared to the $2,861 Black women made. The capitalist system reduces Black women to level of enslavement. Men are exploited by capitalism as well, as they are given a level of superiority based on patriarchal beliefs. This superiority allows women to be exploited by the system. For example, Black women are given specific jobs as domestic and hospital workers, where employers can pay them less amounts of money than others in the same field. Beal thus exposes the concrete economic raison d'être of both racism and sexism. In other words, it pays, for some, to uphold such reactionary and divisive ideologies since the more a group of people is marginalized and discriminated against the easier it is to exploit their labor (to have a pool of low-waged workers). Beal draws several conclusions from this: 1) that the divisions created between workers because of the different pay rates are hindering the advancement of the workers' struggle as a whole because white workers do not readily question their privileges; 2) that, in the end, one has to see different forms of exploitation as related to one another if we want to get rid of them all; 3) and that an awareness of, and an end to the super-exploitation of Black workers, and women in particular, should be a priority in the fight against capitalism. "It is not an intellectual persecution alone; the movement is not a psychological outburst for us; it is quite real. We as Black women have got to deal with the problems that the Black masses deal with, for our problems in reality are one and the same," Beal said. Division in the workforce creates a labor hierarchy. The labor hierarchy can influence work environments and overall treatment of employees. Since the formation of slavery, Black women have been viewed solely on a level servitude. Black women have always been viewed as workers. The collection of these ideas has had a negative impact on the way they are treated in the years following, even in modern times. When describing the labor market as a whole, Nina Banks states the Black women have always had the highest level participation, regardless of age, marital status, or number of children. The essay discusses economic oppression of Black women from the perspective of racism. However, Beal did not analyze class oppression as an independent form of oppression.  Although the economic oppression of Black women was rooted in racism and sexism that historically constrained them to low wage jobs, Black women face multiple oppressions that impede their liberation. The essay discusses how capitalist system within the American society defined manhood. An individual is considered a real "man" if he has a good job, makes a lot of money and drives a fancy car. For more context on this concept of manhood, see The Negro Family: The Case For National Action. The essay argues that many Black women accepted this capitalist evaluation of manhood. This contributed to the strained relationship between the Black man and woman; Black women viewed Black men as lazy and explained this for their lack of employment.

Paragraph 14: The establishment date of Matcham & Co. is unclear; it could originate from when Matcham established his office in Belfast in 1884 after the success of the Paragon Theatre in Mile End, or it could be a renaming of Robinson's business which Matcham took over a decade or so prior to the 1880s. What is known is that it operated out of three offices in Holborn at different times. The first was in Bedford Row, between 1880 and 1886, after which it moved to 3 Great James Street. The business stayed there until 1893 when it moved again, this time to 9 Warwick Court, where it remained until after Matcham's death. It is not known how many staff Matcham employed; he worked with a regular team of assistants and craftsmen, among them, Felix De Jong, an expert in work with fibrous plaster; Jonas Binns, a specialist decorator; and Albert Dean, a master furnisher. During their time in operation, Matcham & Co. completed around 170 theatre designs. Matcham was assisted in his designs and the running of the business by the engineer R.A. Briggs and F. G. M. Chancellor, an architect. Little is known of the working relationship between the three men, only that it was a prosperous one.

Paragraph 15: Joe Mott insists that he will soon re-open his casino. The English Cecil "The Captain" Lewis and South African Piet "The General" Wetjoen, who fought each other during the Boer War, are now good friends, and both insist that they'll soon return to their nations of origin. Harry Hope has not left the bar since his wife Bess's death 20 years ago. He promises that he'll walk around the block on his birthday, which is the next day. Pat McGloin says he hopes to be reinstated into the police force, but is waiting for the right moment. Ed Mosher prides himself on his ability to give incorrect change, but he kept too much of his illegitimate profits to himself and was fired; he says he will get his job back someday. Hugo Kalmar is drunk and passed out for most of the play; when he is conscious, he pesters the other patrons to buy him a drink. Chuck Morello says that he will marry Cora tomorrow.  Larry Slade is a former syndicalist-anarchist who looks pityingly on the rest. Don Parritt is a former anarchist who shows up later in the play to talk about his mother (Larry's ex-girlfriend) to Larry; specifically her arrest due to her involvement in the anarchist movement.

Paragraph 16: The establishment date of Matcham & Co. is unclear; it could originate from when Matcham established his office in Belfast in 1884 after the success of the Paragon Theatre in Mile End, or it could be a renaming of Robinson's business which Matcham took over a decade or so prior to the 1880s. What is known is that it operated out of three offices in Holborn at different times. The first was in Bedford Row, between 1880 and 1886, after which it moved to 3 Great James Street. The business stayed there until 1893 when it moved again, this time to 9 Warwick Court, where it remained until after Matcham's death. It is not known how many staff Matcham employed; he worked with a regular team of assistants and craftsmen, among them, Felix De Jong, an expert in work with fibrous plaster; Jonas Binns, a specialist decorator; and Albert Dean, a master furnisher. During their time in operation, Matcham & Co. completed around 170 theatre designs. Matcham was assisted in his designs and the running of the business by the engineer R.A. Briggs and F. G. M. Chancellor, an architect. Little is known of the working relationship between the three men, only that it was a prosperous one.

Paragraph 17: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 18: In the 19th century Crikvenica began to attract many tourists, which brought about a turning point in its history. In 1877 a harbour was built in Crikvenica, in 1888 a bathing beach and as early as 1891 the first hotel had opened. In 1895 the Hotel Therapia was opened with 120 beds and a Hydrotherapy Institute. In 1902 the Hotel Crikvenica was built, in 1903 the Bellevue and in 1905 the Miramare. In 1906 Crikvenica became officially a health resort and due to its favourable climate, in the space of just 16 years Crikvenica became the most important resort on the riviera. Today, together with Selce, it is one of the most attractive parts of the Kvarner coast, as well as of the North Adriatic coast of Croatia in general.

Paragraph 19: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 20: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 21: For the Falcons home opener the 1–0 St. Louis Rams came to the Georgia Dome to take on the 1–0 Falcons. The Falcons started their second drive of the game from their own 18-yard line when Michael Vick dumped a pass off to his full back Justin Griffith. Griffith took the ball all the way to the St. Louis 20 for a 62-yard gain. 4 plays later Vick found Griffith again this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to give the Falcons the lead 7 to 0. In the second quarter Vick set up the Falcons second score of the game, with a 14-yard run to the St. Louis 2-yard line. Vick's run was followed by Warrick Dunn scoring the Falcons second touchdown of the game. After Jay Feely’s extra point the Falcons had the lead 14 to 0. On the following drive the Rams’ offence moved the ball 82 yards to the Falcon's 1-yard line where Marshall Faulk capped of the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. Vick and the Falcons got the ball back with 1:06 left before half time. Vick's 3 rushes on the drive for 20, 14, and 18 yards put Falcons kicker Jay Feely in range for a 35-yard field goal with 6 seconds left in the half. The Falcon's went into half time with a 10-point lead. In the third quarter Ram's QB Marc Bulger completed 4 of 5 passes as he moved the ball down the field on an 80-yard touchdown drive. The drive was capped off with a 33-yard touchdown pass to Torry Holt, which cut the Falcons lead 3 points. Later in the third quarter the rams tied when Jeff Wilkins hit a 46-yard field goal to make the score 17 to 17. On the next drive Vick completed 3 of his 4 pass attempts for 48 yards. He then set up another Warrick Dunn 2-yard touchdown run with a 7-yard rush from the St. Louis 9-yard line. Because of a taunting penalty on the kick off the rams started their ensuing drive on their own 10-yard line. On first down Patrick Kerney sacked Ram's QB Marc Bulger at the St. Louis 1-yard line. Backed up at their own 1-yard line Bulger and the Rams wanted to try to make a big play (after the game Bulger said "I was going for a home run,"). When Bulger dropped back to pass in his own end zone Falcon's defensive end Brady Smith got into the back field, and took the ball right from Bulger's hand for a touchdown. Bulger almost got the pass off for what could have been a 99-yard touchdown for the Rams. "I was a half-second away from letting the ball go. ... It could have been a touchdown the other way." Said Bulger after the game. The Falcons kicked one more field goal before the game ended to make the final score Falcons 34, Rams 17. . For the third time in his career Vick ran for more than 100 yards in a game; he finished the game with 109. For the second week in a row Warrick Dunn ran for 2 touchdowns .

Paragraph 22: Vicky Barrington, a bikini-clad damsel-in-distress, is twice abducted and abused by the gang. The first time, she goes along with the idea of being a biker mama if she can get drugs from her bike to take as a way to sneak up on a biker to knock him out and flee. Her supposed plan of ditching her bike to flee on foot results in her being caught and raped to the point where she is put in hospital. The second time, the bikers steal a cop car and try to steal her from the hideout after she agrees to testify for the trial. Her attempted escape has her run into Billy, who takes a swing at the bikers and takes Vicky to his location on her bike; she is spooked enough to not testify. The gang comes back to his place when the two are out for lunch and steal his money. Little by little, the other victims are spooked out by the bikers and ineffective sheriffs. In the night, Billy drives out to see the bikers to talk to their leader about his stolen money. He gives them until tomorrow to get it back before leaving. The next day, the bikers confront the two at a gas station. Billy fights Gangrene and beats him before getting some of the money back and taking one of their bikes. Danny offers Vicky to serve as the sexually compliant "biker mama" the easy way rather than being there by force, which she declines. The gang comes to the hideout to ask them to see Danny by their hideout, which reveals they have kidnapped one of the rape victims. The dad tries to intervene, but he fails. Billy is hit from behind with a tire iron and beaten after trying to distract long enough for Vicky to escape, but each fail. It is then that Vicky agrees to be a biker mama to get them to let go of Billy.

Paragraph 23: Vicky Barrington, a bikini-clad damsel-in-distress, is twice abducted and abused by the gang. The first time, she goes along with the idea of being a biker mama if she can get drugs from her bike to take as a way to sneak up on a biker to knock him out and flee. Her supposed plan of ditching her bike to flee on foot results in her being caught and raped to the point where she is put in hospital. The second time, the bikers steal a cop car and try to steal her from the hideout after she agrees to testify for the trial. Her attempted escape has her run into Billy, who takes a swing at the bikers and takes Vicky to his location on her bike; she is spooked enough to not testify. The gang comes back to his place when the two are out for lunch and steal his money. Little by little, the other victims are spooked out by the bikers and ineffective sheriffs. In the night, Billy drives out to see the bikers to talk to their leader about his stolen money. He gives them until tomorrow to get it back before leaving. The next day, the bikers confront the two at a gas station. Billy fights Gangrene and beats him before getting some of the money back and taking one of their bikes. Danny offers Vicky to serve as the sexually compliant "biker mama" the easy way rather than being there by force, which she declines. The gang comes to the hideout to ask them to see Danny by their hideout, which reveals they have kidnapped one of the rape victims. The dad tries to intervene, but he fails. Billy is hit from behind with a tire iron and beaten after trying to distract long enough for Vicky to escape, but each fail. It is then that Vicky agrees to be a biker mama to get them to let go of Billy.

Paragraph 24: The first section of the pamphlet talks about the economics of Black women and how on average in 1969, a non-white woman made approximately three times less than a white man.  At the time, the wage scale for white men is $6,704, compared to the $2,861 Black women made. The capitalist system reduces Black women to level of enslavement. Men are exploited by capitalism as well, as they are given a level of superiority based on patriarchal beliefs. This superiority allows women to be exploited by the system. For example, Black women are given specific jobs as domestic and hospital workers, where employers can pay them less amounts of money than others in the same field. Beal thus exposes the concrete economic raison d'être of both racism and sexism. In other words, it pays, for some, to uphold such reactionary and divisive ideologies since the more a group of people is marginalized and discriminated against the easier it is to exploit their labor (to have a pool of low-waged workers). Beal draws several conclusions from this: 1) that the divisions created between workers because of the different pay rates are hindering the advancement of the workers' struggle as a whole because white workers do not readily question their privileges; 2) that, in the end, one has to see different forms of exploitation as related to one another if we want to get rid of them all; 3) and that an awareness of, and an end to the super-exploitation of Black workers, and women in particular, should be a priority in the fight against capitalism. "It is not an intellectual persecution alone; the movement is not a psychological outburst for us; it is quite real. We as Black women have got to deal with the problems that the Black masses deal with, for our problems in reality are one and the same," Beal said. Division in the workforce creates a labor hierarchy. The labor hierarchy can influence work environments and overall treatment of employees. Since the formation of slavery, Black women have been viewed solely on a level servitude. Black women have always been viewed as workers. The collection of these ideas has had a negative impact on the way they are treated in the years following, even in modern times. When describing the labor market as a whole, Nina Banks states the Black women have always had the highest level participation, regardless of age, marital status, or number of children. The essay discusses economic oppression of Black women from the perspective of racism. However, Beal did not analyze class oppression as an independent form of oppression.  Although the economic oppression of Black women was rooted in racism and sexism that historically constrained them to low wage jobs, Black women face multiple oppressions that impede their liberation. The essay discusses how capitalist system within the American society defined manhood. An individual is considered a real "man" if he has a good job, makes a lot of money and drives a fancy car. For more context on this concept of manhood, see The Negro Family: The Case For National Action. The essay argues that many Black women accepted this capitalist evaluation of manhood. This contributed to the strained relationship between the Black man and woman; Black women viewed Black men as lazy and explained this for their lack of employment.

Paragraph 25: The first course completed their training at the college in August 1935. The graduates then spent four months working as ordinary police constables at police stations in West Central London, four months at the various specialist departments at Scotland Yard, two months as section sergeants and two months as station sergeants. Although they were officially junior station inspectors throughout this period, they wore the uniforms of the rank in which they were serving at the time and not until this twelve-month period was up were they entitled to wear inspector's uniform. A junior station inspector was to wear one star over one bar on his epaulettes. The second intake of 29 cadets passed out in December 1935 and the third intake of 32 cadets in December 1936. In 1937, the course was extended from 15 months to two years, although only one intake ever completed this longer course. In August 1938, Major John Ferguson succeeded Halland as commandant. In November 1938 it was announced that the rank of junior station inspector was to be abolished, and in future all graduates were to be appointed to the rank of inspector. Promotion above this rank was also reopened to all officers, whether college graduates or not. The college was closed in September 1939. 197 men had trained there, of whom 188 had graduated.

Paragraph 26: During the course of the series of games, Larry loses his virginity, is married twice (and dumped twice), becomes a hero of the tropical island Nontoonyt in Leisure Suit Larry Goes Looking for Love (in Several Wrong Places), and eventually, in Leisure Suit Larry III: Passionate Patti in Pursuit of the Pulsating Pectorals, meets his semi-other half, a beautiful woman known as Passionate Patti (who, for some parts of this game as well as of Leisure Suit Larry 5: Passionate Patti Does a Little Undercover Work, is controlled by the player). However, in his more recent games,  Patti is absent and Larry roams alone again. The Official Book of Leisure Suit Larry, which was written between Leisure Suit Larry 6: Shape Up or Slip Out! and Leisure Suit Larry: Love for Sail!, hints that Larry was still engaged with Patti during that period, but Al Lowe said in 1999, "I doubt Patti will return to haunt Larry again." Outside of his adventure game series, appears in Sierra's Hoyle Book of Games, Volume I, The Laffer Utilities, Larry Pops Up!, Leisure Suit Larry's Casino, Leisure Suit Larry's Sexy Pinball, Leisure Suit Larry Bikini Beach Volley, the mobile game version of Love for Sail, and the online casino Larry Casino.

Paragraph 27: The following season, now playing in the Southwest Division, the Spurs handily won the division title with a 59–23 record, securing the second seed in the Western Conference. The Spurs began the playoffs by defeating the Denver Nuggets in five games, with each of the trio being key contributors in the series. In the conference semifinal series against the Seattle SuperSonics, the Spurs split the first four games of the series. In Game 5, Ginóbili returned to the starting lineup and posted a playoff career-high 39 points. His effort was enough to help the Spurs to a 103–90 victory over the SuperSonics, putting them one game away from the Western Conference Finals. In Game 6, Duncan delivered in yet another pivotal moment, making a shot with 0.5 seconds to break the tie and lead the Spurs to a 98–96 victory. The Spurs then advanced to a matchup with the Phoenix Suns in the Western Conference Finals. In the series, Duncan, Ginobili, and Parker averaged 27.4 points, 22.2 points, and 20.4 points, respectively. Bolstered by excellent performances from their three stars, the Spurs jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the series. In Games 3 and 4, the trio scored combined totals of 80 and 69 points. After losing Game 4 111–106, the trio delivered another performance; in Game 5, they scored a combined 68 points to help defeat the Suns and advance to the 2005 NBA Finals. In the Finals, they would face the defending champion Detroit Pistons. In a series where only one game had a team score 100 points and see five games where a team scored 79 or less, the Spurs would grind out a seven-game series that saw them win the first two games only to have Detroit match them going into Game 5. A late shot by Robert Horry helped win that game 96-95 to leave them one win away. Detroit won the sixth game 95-86 to set up Game 7. San Antonio trailed by one going into halftime; with seven minutes left in the third quarter, the Pistons had led by nine points. However, the Spurs used the rest of the quarter to dig themselves out of the hole, and the score was tied at the start of the fourth quarter, with Duncan scoring ten points in that time. The Spurs would pull away late to win 81-74. Duncan averaged 20.6 points per game and 14.1 rebounds per game in the Finals, the best among both teams while being named Finals MVP; the victory marked the second NBA Championship of the "Big Three" era.

Paragraph 28: The promotion of food combining is not based in fact and makes claims that have no scientific backing, displaying some characteristics of pseudoscience. Kenzie Burke utilizes a multitude of positive testimonials for her 21-Day Reset program that detail various customers' stories of success with the program. One randomized controlled trial of food combining was performed in 2000, and found no evidence that food combining was any more effective than a "balanced" diet in promoting weight loss. Besides this study, there is minimal legitimate scientific research on food combining as a diet, and subsequently no sufficient amount of legitimate scientific evidence for any of the diet's claims and any benefits it could potentially have for one's health.

Paragraph 29: For the Falcons home opener the 1–0 St. Louis Rams came to the Georgia Dome to take on the 1–0 Falcons. The Falcons started their second drive of the game from their own 18-yard line when Michael Vick dumped a pass off to his full back Justin Griffith. Griffith took the ball all the way to the St. Louis 20 for a 62-yard gain. 4 plays later Vick found Griffith again this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to give the Falcons the lead 7 to 0. In the second quarter Vick set up the Falcons second score of the game, with a 14-yard run to the St. Louis 2-yard line. Vick's run was followed by Warrick Dunn scoring the Falcons second touchdown of the game. After Jay Feely’s extra point the Falcons had the lead 14 to 0. On the following drive the Rams’ offence moved the ball 82 yards to the Falcon's 1-yard line where Marshall Faulk capped of the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. Vick and the Falcons got the ball back with 1:06 left before half time. Vick's 3 rushes on the drive for 20, 14, and 18 yards put Falcons kicker Jay Feely in range for a 35-yard field goal with 6 seconds left in the half. The Falcon's went into half time with a 10-point lead. In the third quarter Ram's QB Marc Bulger completed 4 of 5 passes as he moved the ball down the field on an 80-yard touchdown drive. The drive was capped off with a 33-yard touchdown pass to Torry Holt, which cut the Falcons lead 3 points. Later in the third quarter the rams tied when Jeff Wilkins hit a 46-yard field goal to make the score 17 to 17. On the next drive Vick completed 3 of his 4 pass attempts for 48 yards. He then set up another Warrick Dunn 2-yard touchdown run with a 7-yard rush from the St. Louis 9-yard line. Because of a taunting penalty on the kick off the rams started their ensuing drive on their own 10-yard line. On first down Patrick Kerney sacked Ram's QB Marc Bulger at the St. Louis 1-yard line. Backed up at their own 1-yard line Bulger and the Rams wanted to try to make a big play (after the game Bulger said "I was going for a home run,"). When Bulger dropped back to pass in his own end zone Falcon's defensive end Brady Smith got into the back field, and took the ball right from Bulger's hand for a touchdown. Bulger almost got the pass off for what could have been a 99-yard touchdown for the Rams. "I was a half-second away from letting the ball go. ... It could have been a touchdown the other way." Said Bulger after the game. The Falcons kicked one more field goal before the game ended to make the final score Falcons 34, Rams 17. . For the third time in his career Vick ran for more than 100 yards in a game; he finished the game with 109. For the second week in a row Warrick Dunn ran for 2 touchdowns .

Paragraph 30: One thing many people did not know was that at a young age Brady suffered from a bout of Scarlet Fever robbing him of his hearing in his left ear and minimal hearing in his right.  Bob  played  just  one  year  of  high  school  baseball,  his  junior  season.  This  was  due  to  the  fact  that  the  high  school  had  not  sponsored  a  baseball  program  since  1936  and  Bob  left  high  school  in  the  spring  of  his  senior  year  to  play  minor  league  ball  for  Williamsport.  Brady,  along  with  his  team,  had  an  outstanding  1940  campaign  as  the  Panthers  went  9 – 1  under  coach  Jay  M.  Riden.    A  2 – 0  loss  to  Juniata  Joint  was  the  only  blemish  of  the  season.  In  10  games,  Bob  had  17  hits  in  38  at – bats  for  a  .447  average.    He  drove – in  10  runs  and  scored  nine.  The  left – handed  hitter  also  stroked  four  doubles  and  had  three  triples.    He  played  mostly  first  base  but  also  saw  time  in  the  outfield  and  caught  in  one  game.  On  August 24, 1946  Bob  played  in  his  first  major  league  game  for  the  Boston  Braves,  now  known  as  the  Atlanta  Braves.  Brady  appeared  in  two  more  games  that  season,  going  1 – for – 5  at  the  plate.   He  also  drew  a  walk.  In  1947  Brady  appeared  in  just  one  game,  that  coming  on  April  17,  going  hitless  in  just  one  at – bat.  That  game  was  to  be  Bob’s  final  one  on  the  major  league  level.

Paragraph 31: The 1934 United States Senate elections were held in the middle of Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt's first term. The 32 seats of Class 1 were contested in regular elections, and special elections were held to fill vacancies. During the Great Depression, voters strongly backed Roosevelt's New Deal and his allies in the Senate, with Democrats picking up a net of nine seats, giving them a supermajority (which required 64 seats, two-thirds of the total 96 seats in 1934). This marked the first time that an incumbent president's party did not lose seats in both houses in a midterm election, followed by 1998 and 2002. This was also the first time in American history that the opposition party failed to flip any Senate seats, something that only occurred once since, in 2022.

Paragraph 32: For the Falcons home opener the 1–0 St. Louis Rams came to the Georgia Dome to take on the 1–0 Falcons. The Falcons started their second drive of the game from their own 18-yard line when Michael Vick dumped a pass off to his full back Justin Griffith. Griffith took the ball all the way to the St. Louis 20 for a 62-yard gain. 4 plays later Vick found Griffith again this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to give the Falcons the lead 7 to 0. In the second quarter Vick set up the Falcons second score of the game, with a 14-yard run to the St. Louis 2-yard line. Vick's run was followed by Warrick Dunn scoring the Falcons second touchdown of the game. After Jay Feely’s extra point the Falcons had the lead 14 to 0. On the following drive the Rams’ offence moved the ball 82 yards to the Falcon's 1-yard line where Marshall Faulk capped of the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. Vick and the Falcons got the ball back with 1:06 left before half time. Vick's 3 rushes on the drive for 20, 14, and 18 yards put Falcons kicker Jay Feely in range for a 35-yard field goal with 6 seconds left in the half. The Falcon's went into half time with a 10-point lead. In the third quarter Ram's QB Marc Bulger completed 4 of 5 passes as he moved the ball down the field on an 80-yard touchdown drive. The drive was capped off with a 33-yard touchdown pass to Torry Holt, which cut the Falcons lead 3 points. Later in the third quarter the rams tied when Jeff Wilkins hit a 46-yard field goal to make the score 17 to 17. On the next drive Vick completed 3 of his 4 pass attempts for 48 yards. He then set up another Warrick Dunn 2-yard touchdown run with a 7-yard rush from the St. Louis 9-yard line. Because of a taunting penalty on the kick off the rams started their ensuing drive on their own 10-yard line. On first down Patrick Kerney sacked Ram's QB Marc Bulger at the St. Louis 1-yard line. Backed up at their own 1-yard line Bulger and the Rams wanted to try to make a big play (after the game Bulger said "I was going for a home run,"). When Bulger dropped back to pass in his own end zone Falcon's defensive end Brady Smith got into the back field, and took the ball right from Bulger's hand for a touchdown. Bulger almost got the pass off for what could have been a 99-yard touchdown for the Rams. "I was a half-second away from letting the ball go. ... It could have been a touchdown the other way." Said Bulger after the game. The Falcons kicked one more field goal before the game ended to make the final score Falcons 34, Rams 17. . For the third time in his career Vick ran for more than 100 yards in a game; he finished the game with 109. For the second week in a row Warrick Dunn ran for 2 touchdowns .

Paragraph 33: Gurnall is known by his Christian in Complete Armour, published in three volumes, dated 1655, 1658 and 1662. It consists of sermons or lectures delivered by the author in the course of his regular ministry, in a consecutive course on Ephesians 6: 10–20. It is described as a magazine whence the Christian is furnished with spiritual arms for the battle, helped on with his armour, and taught the use of his weapon; together with the happy issue of the whole war. It is thus considered a classic on spiritual warfare. The work is more practical than theological; and its style and its fervent religious tone continued to render it still popular with some readers. Richard Baxter and John Flavel both thought highly of the book. Toplady used to make copious extracts from it in his common-place book. John Newton, the converted slave trader, said that if he were confined to one book beside the Bible, he'd choose Christian Armour. Richard Cecil spent many of the last days of his life in reading it, and repeatedly expressed his admiration of it. Charles Haddon Spurgeon commented that Gurnall's work is "peerless and priceless; every line full of wisdom. The book has been preached over scores of times and is, in our judgment, the best thought-breeder in all our library." In 1988 Banner of Truth Trust published a revised and abridged version in contemporary English.

Paragraph 34: The 1934 United States Senate elections were held in the middle of Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt's first term. The 32 seats of Class 1 were contested in regular elections, and special elections were held to fill vacancies. During the Great Depression, voters strongly backed Roosevelt's New Deal and his allies in the Senate, with Democrats picking up a net of nine seats, giving them a supermajority (which required 64 seats, two-thirds of the total 96 seats in 1934). This marked the first time that an incumbent president's party did not lose seats in both houses in a midterm election, followed by 1998 and 2002. This was also the first time in American history that the opposition party failed to flip any Senate seats, something that only occurred once since, in 2022.

Paragraph 35: By July 1961, there were plans for a $2.5 million renovation of the Hotel Sahara. Also planned was a 24-story hotel tower, designed by Stern, that would cost $4.5 million. The project would also include a parking garage along the Las Vegas Strip. Del E. Webb Corporation completed a purchase of the Sahara later in 1961, by acquiring shares in its corporate owner, the Sahara-Nevada Corporation. At the time, state law for gaming licenses meant that every shareholder in a company would have to undergo the mandated investigations of the Nevada Gaming Control Board. Because large corporations have many shareholders, this essentially prevented such companies from operating casinos in Nevada. Del Webb devised a plan to work around this issue by operating as a landlord, meaning its shareholders would not need to undergo investigations. A separate organization, Consolidated Casino Corporation, was set up by Del Webb to operate the casino. Jacobson, Prell and Winter owned Consolidated Casino Corporation, and Prell and Winter were also retained to serve, respectively, as chairman of the board and president of Sahara-Nevada Corporation. An expansion of the restaurant and lounge facilities was underway in late 1961, and an enlargement of the Casbar Theater was completed in early 1962.

Paragraph 36: The promotion of food combining is not based in fact and makes claims that have no scientific backing, displaying some characteristics of pseudoscience. Kenzie Burke utilizes a multitude of positive testimonials for her 21-Day Reset program that detail various customers' stories of success with the program. One randomized controlled trial of food combining was performed in 2000, and found no evidence that food combining was any more effective than a "balanced" diet in promoting weight loss. Besides this study, there is minimal legitimate scientific research on food combining as a diet, and subsequently no sufficient amount of legitimate scientific evidence for any of the diet's claims and any benefits it could potentially have for one's health.

Paragraph 37: Gurnall is known by his Christian in Complete Armour, published in three volumes, dated 1655, 1658 and 1662. It consists of sermons or lectures delivered by the author in the course of his regular ministry, in a consecutive course on Ephesians 6: 10–20. It is described as a magazine whence the Christian is furnished with spiritual arms for the battle, helped on with his armour, and taught the use of his weapon; together with the happy issue of the whole war. It is thus considered a classic on spiritual warfare. The work is more practical than theological; and its style and its fervent religious tone continued to render it still popular with some readers. Richard Baxter and John Flavel both thought highly of the book. Toplady used to make copious extracts from it in his common-place book. John Newton, the converted slave trader, said that if he were confined to one book beside the Bible, he'd choose Christian Armour. Richard Cecil spent many of the last days of his life in reading it, and repeatedly expressed his admiration of it. Charles Haddon Spurgeon commented that Gurnall's work is "peerless and priceless; every line full of wisdom. The book has been preached over scores of times and is, in our judgment, the best thought-breeder in all our library." In 1988 Banner of Truth Trust published a revised and abridged version in contemporary English.

Paragraph 38: Gurnall is known by his Christian in Complete Armour, published in three volumes, dated 1655, 1658 and 1662. It consists of sermons or lectures delivered by the author in the course of his regular ministry, in a consecutive course on Ephesians 6: 10–20. It is described as a magazine whence the Christian is furnished with spiritual arms for the battle, helped on with his armour, and taught the use of his weapon; together with the happy issue of the whole war. It is thus considered a classic on spiritual warfare. The work is more practical than theological; and its style and its fervent religious tone continued to render it still popular with some readers. Richard Baxter and John Flavel both thought highly of the book. Toplady used to make copious extracts from it in his common-place book. John Newton, the converted slave trader, said that if he were confined to one book beside the Bible, he'd choose Christian Armour. Richard Cecil spent many of the last days of his life in reading it, and repeatedly expressed his admiration of it. Charles Haddon Spurgeon commented that Gurnall's work is "peerless and priceless; every line full of wisdom. The book has been preached over scores of times and is, in our judgment, the best thought-breeder in all our library." In 1988 Banner of Truth Trust published a revised and abridged version in contemporary English.

Paragraph 39: Gurnall is known by his Christian in Complete Armour, published in three volumes, dated 1655, 1658 and 1662. It consists of sermons or lectures delivered by the author in the course of his regular ministry, in a consecutive course on Ephesians 6: 10–20. It is described as a magazine whence the Christian is furnished with spiritual arms for the battle, helped on with his armour, and taught the use of his weapon; together with the happy issue of the whole war. It is thus considered a classic on spiritual warfare. The work is more practical than theological; and its style and its fervent religious tone continued to render it still popular with some readers. Richard Baxter and John Flavel both thought highly of the book. Toplady used to make copious extracts from it in his common-place book. John Newton, the converted slave trader, said that if he were confined to one book beside the Bible, he'd choose Christian Armour. Richard Cecil spent many of the last days of his life in reading it, and repeatedly expressed his admiration of it. Charles Haddon Spurgeon commented that Gurnall's work is "peerless and priceless; every line full of wisdom. The book has been preached over scores of times and is, in our judgment, the best thought-breeder in all our library." In 1988 Banner of Truth Trust published a revised and abridged version in contemporary English.

Paragraph 40: Amanda Farough, VentureBeat, highlighted that L.A. by Night is an example of an actual play show sponsored by a TTRPG publisher. Farough wrote that the show "was created to give Vampire: The Masquerade and its community more visibility among a wider roleplaying audience, thanks in part to a partnership with Geek & Sundry. The publisher isn't interested in utilizing 'L.A. By Night' to drive sales, even though the show has hit over a million impressions per season between streaming and video-on-demand. Instead, World of Darkness leans into actual play shows to spread brand awareness, continue to build a global audience with players from across a spectrum of experience [...], and create positive communities that can share their experiences in safe, respectful ways".L.A. by Night was included in TNW's "The podcasts that got us through 2020" roundup — the article states that "LA By Night is pure escapism. It's a TV show that looks like a Zoom meeting of a group of professional actors playing Vampire: The Masquerade. It's a surreal experience. If you've never played Dungeons & Dragons or other tabletop roleplaying games, it's an excellent way to see how it's done by people who are really good at doing it. But the best part is that it only takes a few minutes to get past the fact that these are actors dressed up to sit at a dinner table and roll dice while describing scenes [...]. Once you're immersed, the effect is reminiscent of old-timey radio shows where a cast of characters would react as a narrator weaved a tale of adventure, mystery, or science fiction". Tristan Greene, in a separate article for TNW, stated that L.A. by Night is his favorite part of the extended World of Darkness universe and his "favorite vampire TV show ever". Greene highlighted that the show acts as an entry point to both tabletop gaming and the World of Darkness universe. Greene wrote that the cast manages "to seamlessly explain the rules and the gameplay as they go, so it's helpful for those trying to figure what a good game of Vampire should look like. Watching an actual world of characters and intrigue get improvised into existence in front of you is a fantastic motivation for newcomers to start telling their own stories in the World of Darkness. What's more important is that it's not a brand-placement advertisement gussied up to look like a game. It's evident LA By Night is a work of passion. [...] It's the sincerity of LA By Night, that is to say the genuine glee with which its cast members play the game, that makes it special. The main cast is exquisite and the guests have done an amazing job of fleshing out the other denizens of the chronicle".

Paragraph 41: Amanda Farough, VentureBeat, highlighted that L.A. by Night is an example of an actual play show sponsored by a TTRPG publisher. Farough wrote that the show "was created to give Vampire: The Masquerade and its community more visibility among a wider roleplaying audience, thanks in part to a partnership with Geek & Sundry. The publisher isn't interested in utilizing 'L.A. By Night' to drive sales, even though the show has hit over a million impressions per season between streaming and video-on-demand. Instead, World of Darkness leans into actual play shows to spread brand awareness, continue to build a global audience with players from across a spectrum of experience [...], and create positive communities that can share their experiences in safe, respectful ways".L.A. by Night was included in TNW's "The podcasts that got us through 2020" roundup — the article states that "LA By Night is pure escapism. It's a TV show that looks like a Zoom meeting of a group of professional actors playing Vampire: The Masquerade. It's a surreal experience. If you've never played Dungeons & Dragons or other tabletop roleplaying games, it's an excellent way to see how it's done by people who are really good at doing it. But the best part is that it only takes a few minutes to get past the fact that these are actors dressed up to sit at a dinner table and roll dice while describing scenes [...]. Once you're immersed, the effect is reminiscent of old-timey radio shows where a cast of characters would react as a narrator weaved a tale of adventure, mystery, or science fiction". Tristan Greene, in a separate article for TNW, stated that L.A. by Night is his favorite part of the extended World of Darkness universe and his "favorite vampire TV show ever". Greene highlighted that the show acts as an entry point to both tabletop gaming and the World of Darkness universe. Greene wrote that the cast manages "to seamlessly explain the rules and the gameplay as they go, so it's helpful for those trying to figure what a good game of Vampire should look like. Watching an actual world of characters and intrigue get improvised into existence in front of you is a fantastic motivation for newcomers to start telling their own stories in the World of Darkness. What's more important is that it's not a brand-placement advertisement gussied up to look like a game. It's evident LA By Night is a work of passion. [...] It's the sincerity of LA By Night, that is to say the genuine glee with which its cast members play the game, that makes it special. The main cast is exquisite and the guests have done an amazing job of fleshing out the other denizens of the chronicle".

Paragraph 42: At 8:58 p.m. CDT on October 20, a tornado began in Dallas County, Texas, near the interaction of Spur 348 and Luna Road, snapping large tree limbs. The tornado moved east-northeast across Interstate 35E quickly reaching high-end EF2 strength. A strip mall was severely damaged, sustaining roof loss and collapse of multiple exterior walls. Several other retail businesses were also damaged in this area. Along Walnut Hill Lane, a multi-story apartment complex and a commercial building had their roofs ripped off, and also sustained loss of some exterior walls. Numerous homes, along with churches and gas station also sustained heavy damage in this area. Maintaining EF2 strength, the tornado moved across Marsh Lane and through areas east, heavily damaging Cary Middle School and Thomas Jefferson High School. The tornado produced a mixture of EF1 and EF2 damage as it moved through residential neighborhoods to the northeast of this area, downing numerous trees, and causing moderate to significant damage to many houses. Dozens of homes along this portion of the path had their roofs torn off, several of which sustained some failure of exterior walls. The most intense pocket of damage occurred along Northaven Road, where one well-built brick home had its roof torn off, and sustained collapse of most exterior walls. Given the degree of damage, damage surveyors assigned low-end EF3 damage to that home; this was the only EF3 damage point assigned along the path of the tornado. The tornado then shifted to a more northerly course as it crossed US 75 between Forest Lane and Royal Lane, where several businesses, including a car dealership, a Home Depot, and office low-rise buildings, suffered EF2 damage. It crossed the Texas Instruments campus, still on a northeasterly course, causing mainly EF1 damage. The tornado then crossed I-635 at the Greenville Avenue/TI Boulevard exit, still heading northeast. At an apartment complex near Walnut Street and Greenville Avenue, dozens of units had sections of roof missing. The nearby Cutters Point apartment complex was also affected, with significant roof loss consistent with EF2 damage. A low-rise office building at the northeast corner of Walnut St and Abrams Rd. had numerous windows blown out. Many homes in Richardson north of Richland College also suffered EF2 damage before the tornado began to weaken. Widespread tree and roof damage consistent with an EF1 tornado was observed across the Richland Park, Lakes of Buckingham, Richland Meadows, and College Park subdivisions. A few homes had their roofs blown off at high-end EF1 intensity. The weakening tornado then curved sharply to the north, continuing into the Huffhines Park area. Damage along this portion of the path consisted of minor damage to homes, along with numerous trees and tree limbs downed. Weakening further to EF0 strength, the tornado decreased in width and finally dissipated while crossing Jupiter Road. In total, the tornado was on the ground for , reached a maximum width of , and remained on the ground for 32 minutes. Additionally, the tornado caused about $1.55 billion in damage, making it the costliest tornado event in Texas history.

Paragraph 43: The backing track for "The Man Who Sold the World" was recorded at Trident Studios in London on 4 May 1970, along with other album track "Running Gun Blues". At this point, the track was recorded under the working title "Saviour Machine" and did not contain the title phrase. According to Kevin Cann, the lineup featured Bowie on acoustic guitar, Mick Ronson on electric guitar, producer Tony Visconti on bass, Woody Woodmansey on drums and percussion, and Ralph Mace on Moog synthesiser; Ronson and Woodmansey would later become famous as a part of the Spiders from Mars. According to Visconti, Bowie recorded his vocal on 22 May at Advision Studios, the final day of mixing for the album which, when traveling to Advision, Bowie had intended to name Metrobolist, a homage to Fritz Lang's 1927 film Metropolis. Chris O'Leary writes that Bowie wrote the lyrics in the reception area of the studio while Visconti waited at the mixing console. Once he finished, he quickly recorded his vocal, Visconti added a "flange" effect and mixed the track in a few hours, sending the tapes to the label later that night. Bowie's last-minute addition frustrated Visconti, who recalled in 1977: "This was the beginning of [Bowie's] new style of writing – 'I can't be bothered until I have to'. When it was finished, on the last day of the last mix, I remember telling David, 'I've had it, I can't work like this anymore – I'm through...David was very disappointed." This frustration was mostly due in part to his dissatisfaction with the recording sessions: he was mostly in charge of budget and production, as well as maintaining Bowie's interest in the project. Bowie later told BBC Radio 1's Stuart Grundy in 1976: "It was a nightmare, that album. I hated the actual process of making it."

Paragraph 44: Metal Gear RAY differs from previous Metal Gear models in that it is not a nuclear launch platform, but instead, a weapon of conventional warfare, originally designed by the U.S. Marines to hunt down and destroy the many Metal Gear derivatives that became common after Metal Gear REX's plans leak following the events of Shadow Moses. RAY is designed to be even more maneuverable and flexible in deployment than other models and can operate both on land and in water. While RAY has a pair of Gatling guns and missile launchers on its back and knees to defend itself from more conventional battlefield threats, its primary weapon is a powerful water jet cutter, which can cut through heavily armored foes, such as Metal Gear derivatives. RAY is more organic in appearance and in function than previous models. Its streamlined shape helps to deflect enemy fire and allows for greater maneuverability both on land and in water. Its interior workings are also somewhat organic, as it has artificial fibers that contract when electricity is applied, much like natural muscle, instead of typical hydraulics; this pseudo-muscle tissue makes it very maneuverable. It also has a nervous-system-like network of conductive nanotubes, which connect the widely dispersed sensor systems and relay commands from the cockpit to the various parts of RAY's body, automatically bypassing damaged systems and rerouting to auxiliary systems when needed. Another feature is its blood-like armor-repair nanopaste, which is secreted from valves and coagulates wherever the exterior surface is damaged. Particularly unusual is its "face", with two "eyes" and a gaping "mouth", only seen when the head armor is removed. The original version is an operational prototype labeled "MARINES", which has a cockpit for a single pilot, and a long tail intended for balance while making leaps or operating underwater. The entire forward interior of the cockpit is a heads-up display, allowing the pilot to look around as if there were no obstruction between him and the battlefield. The mass-production model labeled "U.S. NAVY" lacks the tail of the prototype, but it has rounded knees and only one sensory input or "eye" instead of the prototype's two. They are also painted in an olive-drab camouflage pattern.