Paragraph 1: Special editionsDengeki PlayStationDengeki PlayStation originally began as a special edition of Dengeki G's Magazine and was first published in December 1994. After this issue was released, it was decided that Dengeki PlayStation would become its own magazine.Dengeki G's ParadiseDengeki G's Paradise was another special edition issue originally published in 1997. Only one issue was published, and its main feature was the dating sim Sentimental Graffiti.Dengeki G's Festival!Dengeki G's Festival! is the third special edition version of Dengeki G's Magazine. The first volume was published in December 2004, and since then, 17 volumes have been published, the latest of which was in July 2010. Dengeki G's Festival is published in irregular intervals that range anywhere between less than a week, to more than six months. The magazine has had a similar style of formatting from the third volume on, and contains about 80 pages an issue on a specific bishōjo game (other than volume two which covered two games). In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue. One of the recurring items is a hug pillowcase featuring an image of one or more bishōjo characters in a sexually suggestive pose.Dengeki G's Festival! ComicDengeki G's Festival! Comic is the second magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on November 26, 2007 and each volume has about five-hundred pages. The magazine contains manga based on bishōjo games; many of the manga that appear in the magazine were first serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine. In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the manga currently being serialized.Dengeki G's Festival! DeluxeDengeki G's Festival! Deluxe is the third magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on November 30, 2007 and each volume has about eighty pages. In contrast to Dengeki G's Festival! which only covers the visual novel aspect of a given bishōjo game, Deluxe offers information on adaptations in addition to information on the original game. As with the previous two Festival! magazines, each issue of Deluxe comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue.Dengeki G's Festival! AnimeDengeki G's Festival! Anime is the fourth magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on February 9, 2008. Each issue has a large focus on a single anime series, though there is information on other series adapted from manga or light novels originally published by ASCII Media Works. As with the previous three Festival! magazines, each issue of Anime comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue.Dengeki Festival! HeavenDengeki Festival! Heaven is another special edition version of Dengeki G's Magazine. The first volume was published on July 9, 2008. The magazine contains manga based on otome games and is targeted towards females. In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the manga currently being serialized.

Paragraph 2: The Alton Railroad inaugurated the Ann Rutledge in 1937 as a companion to the Abraham Lincoln over the St. Louis–Chicago route. The Alton named the train after Ann Rutledge, a woman from New Salem, Illinois, who may have been the first love of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. The Ann Rutledge used the Lincoln'''s original lightweight equipment set, while the Lincoln received a matching set originally used by the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad's (B&O) Royal Blue. The Gulf, Mobile & Ohio Railroad (GM&O) continued the Ann Rutledge upon its merger with the Alton in 1947. The GM&O ended the Ann Rutledge on April 27, 1958.

Paragraph 3: During the Qing Dynasty, the Chinese forced the Italians to give up on a demand to hand over Sanmen Bay to them. Since the Neolithic humans have been present in modern-day Sanmen County. Xia, suppliers, Zhou is Ouyue ground. Autumn belongs to the country, 306 BC, Chu eliminate Yue, the state of Chu. Qin, three under the central Fujian county. Han Hui Di three years (192 BC), three county Dongou country. Jianyuan six years, Three county to county. Emperor Han Zhao began yuan two years (85 BC), three belong answers riverside county to county. Eastern Han Guangwu period (25 AD), three genera County chapter. Three Dadi Dynasty (AD 222–252 years) Linhai County, three is a coastal county, belong to county. Wu Shaodi Taiping two years (AD 257), east to county Linhai County, three is a coastal county. Sui waste County for the state, county waste sea change into the State Department, three is a coastal county, Li Wu states. Emperor cause Dynasty (AD 605), and state for the county, three belong to Yongjia County. Tang Takenori first year (AD 618), Linhai County to the sea state, Takenori four years (AD 621) three Li Haizhou. Takenori five years (AD 622), changed the sea state Taizhou, Taizhou three genera. Taizong Zhenguan the first year (627 AD), Taizhou under the Jiangnan Circuit. Tang Tsung Qianyuan first year (785 years), said the resumption of Taizhou Linhai County, under the Zhejiang East Road. Song Ancestor Xining seven years (AD 1074), points to Liangzhe Liangzhe East, Liangzhe West, is a coastal division, Ninghai two counties, Li Taizhou. Yuan ancestor Yuan fourteen years (AD 1277), changed the way Taizhou Taizhou, eastern Zhejiang executive secretariat under the road. Local Administrative Region Ming Yuan attack system, change of Taizhou Road station state capital. Qing Ming inherited, located Jiaxing-Huzhou, Ningbo, Shaoxing, Jinhua and Quzhou strict temperature at four, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties, under the Zhejiang Ningbo, Shaoxing Road. Republic of China, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties. In twenty-nine years (AD 1940) set Sanmen County, Taizhou, under the Chief Inspector. February 17, 1949 liberation of three, is the first in Zhejiang Province liberation of the county, under the Taizhou. May 22, 1954 three counties under the jurisdiction of Ningbo. July 1957 Sanmen County, Taizhou recovery genus. May 1983, Ninghai County Salix communes classified Sanmen County. August 1994, the State Council approved, removed to build the city of Taizhou, under the Sanmen County, Taizhou City today.

Paragraph 4: While still performing under the name Little Joe Gould, the band headed out on an 11-date tour stretching from California to Louisiana with the Chicago-based band Volta Do Mar. On this tour the band honed the songs for their debut album, which was recorded in several Chicago studios with Tim Iseler, then a guitarist with the TEAM AV-affiliated band Re:Rec. Both the tour and the recording engineer were arranged by the TEAM AV label, and the resulting Like The Exorcist, But More Breakdancing was released on Eyeball in August 2002. The band extensively toured behind the album with bands such as Cursive, Interpol, and The American Analog Set. In July 2003 the band released a split album with Volta Do Mar entitled Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer in honor of the grandfather of the TEAM AV label owner who appears on the cover. Along with the song "Canyon Inn, Room 16" from the Little Joe Gould EP, Murder By Death also contributed "Knife Goes In, Guts Come Out" and the instrumental track "We Watch a Lot of Movies" alongside an alternative version of "A Masters in Reverse Psychology". Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer was recorded with producer D. James Goodwin during sessions that would ultimately bear the release of Who Will Survive, and What Will Be Left of Them? in October. In December the band released a tribute 7" single for friend and musician Matt Davis of the band Ten Grand who had died earlier that year, before continuing to tour nationwide with Lucero, The Weakerthans, William Elliott Whitmore, and Rasputina.

Paragraph 5: Shortly after, in 1913, the Penang Chamber of Commerce formed a Rubber Association to provide a market for this principal article of local agriculture through weekly auction sales. It was envisaged that large supplies of rubber would be attracted and that there would be regular buyers. When the idea for the Rubber Association was first mooted, Allen Dennys & Co., who had already been performing auctions in Penang since November 1912, in an earlier circular to their clients, asked them to favour the firm by appointing them as their agents, promising to defray all fees due to The Chamber out of the 1 per cent commission charged. The first auction was held on 12 November where 24,707 lbs. were offered of which 22,882 lbs were sold. In January 1915, at the annual general meeting of the Penang Chamber of Commerce, Messrs. Allen Dennys and Company asked for a fixed fee of $5 be paid in respect of each occasion a seller conducts a sale in the chamber, instead of the prevailing brokerage of one-eighth percent, pointing out that the firm had been the sole supporter of the association and that 91.50 percent of the fees had been borne by them. The committee discussing the issue, objected, pointing out that while the facts relating to the percentage of fees were admitted, that percentage it was also necessary to acknowledge that the business had increased by more than 150 percent since the start of the association fourteen months earlier. At this point Allen Dennys and Company withdrew from membership in the association, which brought sales in the association room to a halt. Other members were called upon to step forward and fill the place vacated by Allen Dennys and Company. In August 1915, at the half-yearly general meeting chaired by John Mitchell, it was revealed that the position remained the same as advised at the general meeting earlier – no member had come forward with any propositions and the committee had not taken any steps to re-establish sales under the Penang Chamber of Commerce Rubber Association. There was nothing more heard on the subject and the interests of members of Penang's rubber trade remained unrepresented until the advent of the Rubber Trade Association of Penang, in the form of its original incarnation, The Penang Rubber Exchange. Allen Dennys' firm, however, continued to hold rubber auctions, on their own. By late February 1917, the firm had conducted its 258th sale. The results of each of the firm's rubber auctions was published in the Straits Times, the last of which appeared in the issue of 18 May 1918.

Paragraph 6: Special editionsDengeki PlayStationDengeki PlayStation originally began as a special edition of Dengeki G's Magazine and was first published in December 1994. After this issue was released, it was decided that Dengeki PlayStation would become its own magazine.Dengeki G's ParadiseDengeki G's Paradise was another special edition issue originally published in 1997. Only one issue was published, and its main feature was the dating sim Sentimental Graffiti.Dengeki G's Festival!Dengeki G's Festival! is the third special edition version of Dengeki G's Magazine. The first volume was published in December 2004, and since then, 17 volumes have been published, the latest of which was in July 2010. Dengeki G's Festival is published in irregular intervals that range anywhere between less than a week, to more than six months. The magazine has had a similar style of formatting from the third volume on, and contains about 80 pages an issue on a specific bishōjo game (other than volume two which covered two games). In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue. One of the recurring items is a hug pillowcase featuring an image of one or more bishōjo characters in a sexually suggestive pose.Dengeki G's Festival! ComicDengeki G's Festival! Comic is the second magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on November 26, 2007 and each volume has about five-hundred pages. The magazine contains manga based on bishōjo games; many of the manga that appear in the magazine were first serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine. In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the manga currently being serialized.Dengeki G's Festival! DeluxeDengeki G's Festival! Deluxe is the third magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on November 30, 2007 and each volume has about eighty pages. In contrast to Dengeki G's Festival! which only covers the visual novel aspect of a given bishōjo game, Deluxe offers information on adaptations in addition to information on the original game. As with the previous two Festival! magazines, each issue of Deluxe comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue.Dengeki G's Festival! AnimeDengeki G's Festival! Anime is the fourth magazine under the Dengeki G's Festival! line. The first volume was published on February 9, 2008. Each issue has a large focus on a single anime series, though there is information on other series adapted from manga or light novels originally published by ASCII Media Works. As with the previous three Festival! magazines, each issue of Anime comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the series that is the current feature of a given issue.Dengeki Festival! HeavenDengeki Festival! Heaven is another special edition version of Dengeki G's Magazine. The first volume was published on July 9, 2008. The magazine contains manga based on otome games and is targeted towards females. In addition to the main magazine, each issue comes bundled with bonus material depicting characters from the manga currently being serialized.

Paragraph 7: With the help of a Malabar Mappilas, Vakkom Moulavi was introduced to the popular Pan-Islamic journal Al-Manar, published by the influential Salafi scholar Mùhāmmád Ráshīd Rîdâ (1865 - 1935 C.E) from Cairo. Vakkom Moulavi would be its ardent reader, and through Al-Manar, Moulavi became familiar with a wide range of contemporary Islamic reform movements and would be influenced by the doctrines of the 14th century Sunni theologian Taqi al-Din Ibn Taymiyya (d. 1328 C.E / 728 A.H). Impressed by these reformers' staunch commitment to Tawhid, Moulavi began vigorously campaigning against shirk and bid'ah (innovations); and proclaimed the centrality of upholding Tawhid. Advocating the teachings of Rashid Rida and Ibn Taymiyya, Vakkom Moulavi attacked Madhab partisanship, condemned Taqlid, calling upon Muslims to shun un-Islamic customs by directly returning to Qur'an and Hadith; and establish Islamic Unity. Modelled after Al-Manar, Moulavi would publish numerous journals and magazines with the purpose of spreading Islamic message, in a way that would directly reach the common masses, through three languages Malayalam, Arabic and Arabi-Malayalam. Proclaiming the reformers' gratitude to Rashid Rida, Vakkom Moulavi wrote:"It is through Rashid Rida's Al-Manar that Kerala Muslims were awakened"Vakkom Moulavi's teachings would be popularised across Malabar by his disciples like Khatib Muhammad Moulavi (1886 - 1964 C.E). Like his teacher, K.M Moulavi was a regular reader of Al-Manar journal and a well-read expert of Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) and Islamic theology. K.M Moulavi was a fierce opponent of the British administration and played a major role in the Mappila rebellion of 1921, which sought to topple British colonial rule in Malabar. After the uprising was put down, K.M Moulavi fled to Kodungalur, a Muslim region free from British influences. From Kondungalur, Moulavi became known as a reputed scholar and advocated reformist campaigns calling for the eradication of shirk and bid'ah. He was also a founding leader of Kerala Muslim Aikya Sangham in 1921. K.M Moulavi played an important role in the proliferation of various Islamic publications like Al-Irshad, Al-Islah, Al-Murshid, etc and was a regular contributor in Rashid Rida's Al-Manar. At popular request, the British authorities would withdraw all Mappila Rebellion charges in 1932 and the Moulavi would return home. In 1932, K.M Moulavi held a meeting of major Moulavis from all parts of Kerala and announced the establishment of "Kerala Jam'iyyat al-Ulema". Thereafter, Moulavi would become the most influential Islamic scholar of the Mappila Muslims of Malabar. His fatwas were widely requested all across Kerala due to his immense knowledge of Qur'an and Hadith; as well as his juristic mastery of Shafi'i and Hanafi madh'habs (legal schools). By force of his charismatic personality and widely accepted scholarly credentials, Moulavi was able to overcome newly developed opposition to the Islahi movement.

Paragraph 8: The story opens on a small-town street. A man throws a bundle of papers onto the sidewalk from the back of a truck labeled Chronicle. Adam White is sitting in a bar when a woman offers him a drink. He refuses, explaining that alcohol seems to be poisonous to him. After talking with her for a while, he learns she is married to William Shrike, Editor-in-Chief of the Chronicle, where Adam is hoping to work. The editor shows up to meet his wife only to find her talking with Adam. When Shrike asks how Adam found him, Adam explains: "I heard there was a bar where newspaper people hang out. I came here since it is the closest to the Chronicle, the only paper in town". Florence Shrike says Adam can write, and he deserves the chance to prove it. Shrike retorts: "OK, so write!" Adam hems and haws momentarily, but then delivers the following story: "The Chronicle is pleased to announce the addition of a new member to our staff. He met the Editor in Chief, who went so far as to insult his own wife in an effort to provoke the new staff member. Instead of punching the editor in the face, he accepted a position on the paper."

Paragraph 9: During the Qing Dynasty, the Chinese forced the Italians to give up on a demand to hand over Sanmen Bay to them. Since the Neolithic humans have been present in modern-day Sanmen County. Xia, suppliers, Zhou is Ouyue ground. Autumn belongs to the country, 306 BC, Chu eliminate Yue, the state of Chu. Qin, three under the central Fujian county. Han Hui Di three years (192 BC), three county Dongou country. Jianyuan six years, Three county to county. Emperor Han Zhao began yuan two years (85 BC), three belong answers riverside county to county. Eastern Han Guangwu period (25 AD), three genera County chapter. Three Dadi Dynasty (AD 222–252 years) Linhai County, three is a coastal county, belong to county. Wu Shaodi Taiping two years (AD 257), east to county Linhai County, three is a coastal county. Sui waste County for the state, county waste sea change into the State Department, three is a coastal county, Li Wu states. Emperor cause Dynasty (AD 605), and state for the county, three belong to Yongjia County. Tang Takenori first year (AD 618), Linhai County to the sea state, Takenori four years (AD 621) three Li Haizhou. Takenori five years (AD 622), changed the sea state Taizhou, Taizhou three genera. Taizong Zhenguan the first year (627 AD), Taizhou under the Jiangnan Circuit. Tang Tsung Qianyuan first year (785 years), said the resumption of Taizhou Linhai County, under the Zhejiang East Road. Song Ancestor Xining seven years (AD 1074), points to Liangzhe Liangzhe East, Liangzhe West, is a coastal division, Ninghai two counties, Li Taizhou. Yuan ancestor Yuan fourteen years (AD 1277), changed the way Taizhou Taizhou, eastern Zhejiang executive secretariat under the road. Local Administrative Region Ming Yuan attack system, change of Taizhou Road station state capital. Qing Ming inherited, located Jiaxing-Huzhou, Ningbo, Shaoxing, Jinhua and Quzhou strict temperature at four, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties, under the Zhejiang Ningbo, Shaoxing Road. Republic of China, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties. In twenty-nine years (AD 1940) set Sanmen County, Taizhou, under the Chief Inspector. February 17, 1949 liberation of three, is the first in Zhejiang Province liberation of the county, under the Taizhou. May 22, 1954 three counties under the jurisdiction of Ningbo. July 1957 Sanmen County, Taizhou recovery genus. May 1983, Ninghai County Salix communes classified Sanmen County. August 1994, the State Council approved, removed to build the city of Taizhou, under the Sanmen County, Taizhou City today.

Paragraph 10: Pratt was appointed a chaplain of the East India Company through his father's influence on Bishop Daniel Wilson in 1838. He became Wilson's domestic chaplain, and in 1850 was appointed Archdeacon of Calcutta. The leisure allowed during his position in India allowed him to pursue mathematics although he noted that it was difficult to work alone and led to long exchanges in the journals of learned societies in Britain. When Bishop Wilson died in 1858, he was nominated for the position of Bishop. He was approved with the influence of Lord Shaftesbury on Lord Palmerston but it was shortly after decided in the wake of the 1857 uprising that no appointee known for missionary work should be appointed. The chosen appointee was instead Bishop Cotton. They held each other in high esteem. In 1864 an order was passed by the Secretary of State in India to retire chaplains after twenty-five years (earlier unlimited). An exception was made for Pratt and he was extended from October 1867 to March 1869 based on pleas from Bishop Cotton. When Pratt wished to resign in 1869, the Secretary of State extended his service to October 1872. After the death of Bishop Cotton in 1866, Pratt started a Hill Schools' Nomination Endowment Fund to help support Bishop Cotton's scheme of starting schools in the pleasant climate of the hills for the benefit of the children of poorer English residents in India who could not afford an education in England. Pratt married Hannah Maria Brown, daughter of George Francis Brown, a Bengal Civil Servant, at Bhagalpur on 6 March 1854. He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1866. Pratt served as president of the Calcutta Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals founded by Colesworthey Grant in 1861. He died from cholera when he was on a visit to Ghazipur, India, on 28 December 1871. At the instigation of Bishop Robert Milman, a memorial to Pratt was erected in St. Paul's Cathedral, Calcutta.

Paragraph 11: Shortly after, in 1913, the Penang Chamber of Commerce formed a Rubber Association to provide a market for this principal article of local agriculture through weekly auction sales. It was envisaged that large supplies of rubber would be attracted and that there would be regular buyers. When the idea for the Rubber Association was first mooted, Allen Dennys & Co., who had already been performing auctions in Penang since November 1912, in an earlier circular to their clients, asked them to favour the firm by appointing them as their agents, promising to defray all fees due to The Chamber out of the 1 per cent commission charged. The first auction was held on 12 November where 24,707 lbs. were offered of which 22,882 lbs were sold. In January 1915, at the annual general meeting of the Penang Chamber of Commerce, Messrs. Allen Dennys and Company asked for a fixed fee of $5 be paid in respect of each occasion a seller conducts a sale in the chamber, instead of the prevailing brokerage of one-eighth percent, pointing out that the firm had been the sole supporter of the association and that 91.50 percent of the fees had been borne by them. The committee discussing the issue, objected, pointing out that while the facts relating to the percentage of fees were admitted, that percentage it was also necessary to acknowledge that the business had increased by more than 150 percent since the start of the association fourteen months earlier. At this point Allen Dennys and Company withdrew from membership in the association, which brought sales in the association room to a halt. Other members were called upon to step forward and fill the place vacated by Allen Dennys and Company. In August 1915, at the half-yearly general meeting chaired by John Mitchell, it was revealed that the position remained the same as advised at the general meeting earlier – no member had come forward with any propositions and the committee had not taken any steps to re-establish sales under the Penang Chamber of Commerce Rubber Association. There was nothing more heard on the subject and the interests of members of Penang's rubber trade remained unrepresented until the advent of the Rubber Trade Association of Penang, in the form of its original incarnation, The Penang Rubber Exchange. Allen Dennys' firm, however, continued to hold rubber auctions, on their own. By late February 1917, the firm had conducted its 258th sale. The results of each of the firm's rubber auctions was published in the Straits Times, the last of which appeared in the issue of 18 May 1918.

Paragraph 12: Matthäus Lang was the son of a burgher of Augsburg and later received the noble title of Wellenburg after a castle near his hometown that came into his possession in 1507. After studying at Ingolstadt, Vienna and Tübingen he entered the service of Emperor Frederick III of Habsburg and quickly made his way to the front. He was also one of the most trusted advisers of Frederick's son and successor Maximilian I, and his services were rewarded in 1500 with the provostship of the cathedral at Augsburg and five years later with the position of the Bishop of Gurk. He also received the Bishopric of Cartagena in Murcia in 1510 and was appointed cardinal by Pope Julius II one year later. In 1514 he became coadjutor to Leonhard von Keutschach, the Salzburg Prince-Archbishop, whom he succeeded in 1519. He received the title of a Cardinal Bishop of the Suburbicarian diocese of Albano in 1535.

Paragraph 13: While still performing under the name Little Joe Gould, the band headed out on an 11-date tour stretching from California to Louisiana with the Chicago-based band Volta Do Mar. On this tour the band honed the songs for their debut album, which was recorded in several Chicago studios with Tim Iseler, then a guitarist with the TEAM AV-affiliated band Re:Rec. Both the tour and the recording engineer were arranged by the TEAM AV label, and the resulting Like The Exorcist, But More Breakdancing was released on Eyeball in August 2002. The band extensively toured behind the album with bands such as Cursive, Interpol, and The American Analog Set. In July 2003 the band released a split album with Volta Do Mar entitled Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer in honor of the grandfather of the TEAM AV label owner who appears on the cover. Along with the song "Canyon Inn, Room 16" from the Little Joe Gould EP, Murder By Death also contributed "Knife Goes In, Guts Come Out" and the instrumental track "We Watch a Lot of Movies" alongside an alternative version of "A Masters in Reverse Psychology". Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer was recorded with producer D. James Goodwin during sessions that would ultimately bear the release of Who Will Survive, and What Will Be Left of Them? in October. In December the band released a tribute 7" single for friend and musician Matt Davis of the band Ten Grand who had died earlier that year, before continuing to tour nationwide with Lucero, The Weakerthans, William Elliott Whitmore, and Rasputina.

Paragraph 14: While still performing under the name Little Joe Gould, the band headed out on an 11-date tour stretching from California to Louisiana with the Chicago-based band Volta Do Mar. On this tour the band honed the songs for their debut album, which was recorded in several Chicago studios with Tim Iseler, then a guitarist with the TEAM AV-affiliated band Re:Rec. Both the tour and the recording engineer were arranged by the TEAM AV label, and the resulting Like The Exorcist, But More Breakdancing was released on Eyeball in August 2002. The band extensively toured behind the album with bands such as Cursive, Interpol, and The American Analog Set. In July 2003 the band released a split album with Volta Do Mar entitled Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer in honor of the grandfather of the TEAM AV label owner who appears on the cover. Along with the song "Canyon Inn, Room 16" from the Little Joe Gould EP, Murder By Death also contributed "Knife Goes In, Guts Come Out" and the instrumental track "We Watch a Lot of Movies" alongside an alternative version of "A Masters in Reverse Psychology". Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer was recorded with producer D. James Goodwin during sessions that would ultimately bear the release of Who Will Survive, and What Will Be Left of Them? in October. In December the band released a tribute 7" single for friend and musician Matt Davis of the band Ten Grand who had died earlier that year, before continuing to tour nationwide with Lucero, The Weakerthans, William Elliott Whitmore, and Rasputina.

Paragraph 15: With the help of a Malabar Mappilas, Vakkom Moulavi was introduced to the popular Pan-Islamic journal Al-Manar, published by the influential Salafi scholar Mùhāmmád Ráshīd Rîdâ (1865 - 1935 C.E) from Cairo. Vakkom Moulavi would be its ardent reader, and through Al-Manar, Moulavi became familiar with a wide range of contemporary Islamic reform movements and would be influenced by the doctrines of the 14th century Sunni theologian Taqi al-Din Ibn Taymiyya (d. 1328 C.E / 728 A.H). Impressed by these reformers' staunch commitment to Tawhid, Moulavi began vigorously campaigning against shirk and bid'ah (innovations); and proclaimed the centrality of upholding Tawhid. Advocating the teachings of Rashid Rida and Ibn Taymiyya, Vakkom Moulavi attacked Madhab partisanship, condemned Taqlid, calling upon Muslims to shun un-Islamic customs by directly returning to Qur'an and Hadith; and establish Islamic Unity. Modelled after Al-Manar, Moulavi would publish numerous journals and magazines with the purpose of spreading Islamic message, in a way that would directly reach the common masses, through three languages Malayalam, Arabic and Arabi-Malayalam. Proclaiming the reformers' gratitude to Rashid Rida, Vakkom Moulavi wrote:"It is through Rashid Rida's Al-Manar that Kerala Muslims were awakened"Vakkom Moulavi's teachings would be popularised across Malabar by his disciples like Khatib Muhammad Moulavi (1886 - 1964 C.E). Like his teacher, K.M Moulavi was a regular reader of Al-Manar journal and a well-read expert of Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) and Islamic theology. K.M Moulavi was a fierce opponent of the British administration and played a major role in the Mappila rebellion of 1921, which sought to topple British colonial rule in Malabar. After the uprising was put down, K.M Moulavi fled to Kodungalur, a Muslim region free from British influences. From Kondungalur, Moulavi became known as a reputed scholar and advocated reformist campaigns calling for the eradication of shirk and bid'ah. He was also a founding leader of Kerala Muslim Aikya Sangham in 1921. K.M Moulavi played an important role in the proliferation of various Islamic publications like Al-Irshad, Al-Islah, Al-Murshid, etc and was a regular contributor in Rashid Rida's Al-Manar. At popular request, the British authorities would withdraw all Mappila Rebellion charges in 1932 and the Moulavi would return home. In 1932, K.M Moulavi held a meeting of major Moulavis from all parts of Kerala and announced the establishment of "Kerala Jam'iyyat al-Ulema". Thereafter, Moulavi would become the most influential Islamic scholar of the Mappila Muslims of Malabar. His fatwas were widely requested all across Kerala due to his immense knowledge of Qur'an and Hadith; as well as his juristic mastery of Shafi'i and Hanafi madh'habs (legal schools). By force of his charismatic personality and widely accepted scholarly credentials, Moulavi was able to overcome newly developed opposition to the Islahi movement.

Paragraph 16: With the help of a Malabar Mappilas, Vakkom Moulavi was introduced to the popular Pan-Islamic journal Al-Manar, published by the influential Salafi scholar Mùhāmmád Ráshīd Rîdâ (1865 - 1935 C.E) from Cairo. Vakkom Moulavi would be its ardent reader, and through Al-Manar, Moulavi became familiar with a wide range of contemporary Islamic reform movements and would be influenced by the doctrines of the 14th century Sunni theologian Taqi al-Din Ibn Taymiyya (d. 1328 C.E / 728 A.H). Impressed by these reformers' staunch commitment to Tawhid, Moulavi began vigorously campaigning against shirk and bid'ah (innovations); and proclaimed the centrality of upholding Tawhid. Advocating the teachings of Rashid Rida and Ibn Taymiyya, Vakkom Moulavi attacked Madhab partisanship, condemned Taqlid, calling upon Muslims to shun un-Islamic customs by directly returning to Qur'an and Hadith; and establish Islamic Unity. Modelled after Al-Manar, Moulavi would publish numerous journals and magazines with the purpose of spreading Islamic message, in a way that would directly reach the common masses, through three languages Malayalam, Arabic and Arabi-Malayalam. Proclaiming the reformers' gratitude to Rashid Rida, Vakkom Moulavi wrote:"It is through Rashid Rida's Al-Manar that Kerala Muslims were awakened"Vakkom Moulavi's teachings would be popularised across Malabar by his disciples like Khatib Muhammad Moulavi (1886 - 1964 C.E). Like his teacher, K.M Moulavi was a regular reader of Al-Manar journal and a well-read expert of Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) and Islamic theology. K.M Moulavi was a fierce opponent of the British administration and played a major role in the Mappila rebellion of 1921, which sought to topple British colonial rule in Malabar. After the uprising was put down, K.M Moulavi fled to Kodungalur, a Muslim region free from British influences. From Kondungalur, Moulavi became known as a reputed scholar and advocated reformist campaigns calling for the eradication of shirk and bid'ah. He was also a founding leader of Kerala Muslim Aikya Sangham in 1921. K.M Moulavi played an important role in the proliferation of various Islamic publications like Al-Irshad, Al-Islah, Al-Murshid, etc and was a regular contributor in Rashid Rida's Al-Manar. At popular request, the British authorities would withdraw all Mappila Rebellion charges in 1932 and the Moulavi would return home. In 1932, K.M Moulavi held a meeting of major Moulavis from all parts of Kerala and announced the establishment of "Kerala Jam'iyyat al-Ulema". Thereafter, Moulavi would become the most influential Islamic scholar of the Mappila Muslims of Malabar. His fatwas were widely requested all across Kerala due to his immense knowledge of Qur'an and Hadith; as well as his juristic mastery of Shafi'i and Hanafi madh'habs (legal schools). By force of his charismatic personality and widely accepted scholarly credentials, Moulavi was able to overcome newly developed opposition to the Islahi movement.

Paragraph 17: The story opens on a small-town street. A man throws a bundle of papers onto the sidewalk from the back of a truck labeled Chronicle. Adam White is sitting in a bar when a woman offers him a drink. He refuses, explaining that alcohol seems to be poisonous to him. After talking with her for a while, he learns she is married to William Shrike, Editor-in-Chief of the Chronicle, where Adam is hoping to work. The editor shows up to meet his wife only to find her talking with Adam. When Shrike asks how Adam found him, Adam explains: "I heard there was a bar where newspaper people hang out. I came here since it is the closest to the Chronicle, the only paper in town". Florence Shrike says Adam can write, and he deserves the chance to prove it. Shrike retorts: "OK, so write!" Adam hems and haws momentarily, but then delivers the following story: "The Chronicle is pleased to announce the addition of a new member to our staff. He met the Editor in Chief, who went so far as to insult his own wife in an effort to provoke the new staff member. Instead of punching the editor in the face, he accepted a position on the paper."

Paragraph 18: While still performing under the name Little Joe Gould, the band headed out on an 11-date tour stretching from California to Louisiana with the Chicago-based band Volta Do Mar. On this tour the band honed the songs for their debut album, which was recorded in several Chicago studios with Tim Iseler, then a guitarist with the TEAM AV-affiliated band Re:Rec. Both the tour and the recording engineer were arranged by the TEAM AV label, and the resulting Like The Exorcist, But More Breakdancing was released on Eyeball in August 2002. The band extensively toured behind the album with bands such as Cursive, Interpol, and The American Analog Set. In July 2003 the band released a split album with Volta Do Mar entitled Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer in honor of the grandfather of the TEAM AV label owner who appears on the cover. Along with the song "Canyon Inn, Room 16" from the Little Joe Gould EP, Murder By Death also contributed "Knife Goes In, Guts Come Out" and the instrumental track "We Watch a Lot of Movies" alongside an alternative version of "A Masters in Reverse Psychology". Konrad Friedrich Wilhelm Zimmer was recorded with producer D. James Goodwin during sessions that would ultimately bear the release of Who Will Survive, and What Will Be Left of Them? in October. In December the band released a tribute 7" single for friend and musician Matt Davis of the band Ten Grand who had died earlier that year, before continuing to tour nationwide with Lucero, The Weakerthans, William Elliott Whitmore, and Rasputina.

Paragraph 19: During the Qing Dynasty, the Chinese forced the Italians to give up on a demand to hand over Sanmen Bay to them. Since the Neolithic humans have been present in modern-day Sanmen County. Xia, suppliers, Zhou is Ouyue ground. Autumn belongs to the country, 306 BC, Chu eliminate Yue, the state of Chu. Qin, three under the central Fujian county. Han Hui Di three years (192 BC), three county Dongou country. Jianyuan six years, Three county to county. Emperor Han Zhao began yuan two years (85 BC), three belong answers riverside county to county. Eastern Han Guangwu period (25 AD), three genera County chapter. Three Dadi Dynasty (AD 222–252 years) Linhai County, three is a coastal county, belong to county. Wu Shaodi Taiping two years (AD 257), east to county Linhai County, three is a coastal county. Sui waste County for the state, county waste sea change into the State Department, three is a coastal county, Li Wu states. Emperor cause Dynasty (AD 605), and state for the county, three belong to Yongjia County. Tang Takenori first year (AD 618), Linhai County to the sea state, Takenori four years (AD 621) three Li Haizhou. Takenori five years (AD 622), changed the sea state Taizhou, Taizhou three genera. Taizong Zhenguan the first year (627 AD), Taizhou under the Jiangnan Circuit. Tang Tsung Qianyuan first year (785 years), said the resumption of Taizhou Linhai County, under the Zhejiang East Road. Song Ancestor Xining seven years (AD 1074), points to Liangzhe Liangzhe East, Liangzhe West, is a coastal division, Ninghai two counties, Li Taizhou. Yuan ancestor Yuan fourteen years (AD 1277), changed the way Taizhou Taizhou, eastern Zhejiang executive secretariat under the road. Local Administrative Region Ming Yuan attack system, change of Taizhou Road station state capital. Qing Ming inherited, located Jiaxing-Huzhou, Ningbo, Shaoxing, Jinhua and Quzhou strict temperature at four, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties, under the Zhejiang Ningbo, Shaoxing Road. Republic of China, three belong to the sea, Ninghai two counties. In twenty-nine years (AD 1940) set Sanmen County, Taizhou, under the Chief Inspector. February 17, 1949 liberation of three, is the first in Zhejiang Province liberation of the county, under the Taizhou. May 22, 1954 three counties under the jurisdiction of Ningbo. July 1957 Sanmen County, Taizhou recovery genus. May 1983, Ninghai County Salix communes classified Sanmen County. August 1994, the State Council approved, removed to build the city of Taizhou, under the Sanmen County, Taizhou City today.