Paragraph 1: Often coopetition takes place when companies that are in the same market work together in the exploration of knowledge and research of new products, at the same time that they compete for the market-share of their products and in the exploitation of the knowledge created. In this case, the interactions occur simultaneously and in different levels in the value chain. This is the case in the arrangement between PSA Peugeot Citroën and Toyota to share components for a new city car—simultaneously sold as the Peugeot 107, the Toyota Aygo, and the Citroën C1, where companies save money on shared costs while remaining fiercely competitive in other areas.

Paragraph 2: Walker ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006, but dropped out of the race before the primary election. He ran again in 2010 and won. Shortly after his inauguration in 2011, Walker gained national attention by introducing the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill; the legislation proposed to effectively eliminate collective bargaining for most Wisconsin public employees. In response, opponents of the bill protested at the Wisconsin State Capitol and Senate Democrats left the state in an effort to prevent the bill from being passed. Nevertheless, the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill became law in March 2011. Opposition to the law led to an attempt to recall Walker from office in 2012. Walker prevailed in the recall election, becoming one of two incumbent governors in the history of the United States to win a recall election, the other being California governor Gavin Newsom in 2021.

Paragraph 3: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 4: Often coopetition takes place when companies that are in the same market work together in the exploration of knowledge and research of new products, at the same time that they compete for the market-share of their products and in the exploitation of the knowledge created. In this case, the interactions occur simultaneously and in different levels in the value chain. This is the case in the arrangement between PSA Peugeot Citroën and Toyota to share components for a new city car—simultaneously sold as the Peugeot 107, the Toyota Aygo, and the Citroën C1, where companies save money on shared costs while remaining fiercely competitive in other areas.

Paragraph 5: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 6: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 7: Walker ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006, but dropped out of the race before the primary election. He ran again in 2010 and won. Shortly after his inauguration in 2011, Walker gained national attention by introducing the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill; the legislation proposed to effectively eliminate collective bargaining for most Wisconsin public employees. In response, opponents of the bill protested at the Wisconsin State Capitol and Senate Democrats left the state in an effort to prevent the bill from being passed. Nevertheless, the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill became law in March 2011. Opposition to the law led to an attempt to recall Walker from office in 2012. Walker prevailed in the recall election, becoming one of two incumbent governors in the history of the United States to win a recall election, the other being California governor Gavin Newsom in 2021.

Paragraph 8: On January 2, 2011, Murder Clown and Psycho Clown represented AAA in the Guerra de Empresas, a battle between different promotions, hosted by International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG). After defeating Team Desastre Total Ultraviolento (Crazy Boy and Joe Líder), Los Psycho Circus advanced to the finals, where they defeated Team Los Perros del Mal (Super Crazy and X-Fly) to win the tournament. On April 24, Los Psycho Circus defeated Los Maniacos (Joe Líder, Silver King and Último Gladiador), Los Oficiales (Oficial 911, Oficial AK-47 and Oficial Fierro) and Los Perros del Mal (Bestia 666, Damián 666 and X-Fly) in a four–way elimination steel cage match to win the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship at IWRG's Guerra de Empresas show. The feud between Los Psycho Circus and Los Perros del Mal continued on May 29 at Perros del Mal Producciones third anniversary show, where Los Psycho Circus was victorious in a six-man tag team steel cage Masks vs. Hairs match and, as a result, Super Crazy, the last man left in the cage, was forced to have his head shaved bald. The feud continued at Triplemanía XIX, where Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly defeated Los Psycho Circus in a tournament final to become the first ever AAA World Trios Champions. At the event, Los Psycho Circus also debuted their own mascot, Mini Clown. On July 16, AAA debuted the mini versions of Los Psycho Circus, Mini Monster Clown, Mini Murder Clown and Mini Psycho Clown. On July 31 at Verano de Escándalo, Los Psycho Circus faced Los Perros del Mal in a steel cage match, where the last person left in the cage would lose either his hair or mask. The match ended with Psycho Clown escaping the cage, leaving X-Fly inside and forcing him to have his hair shaved off. On August 28, Los Psycho Circus lost the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship to Bestia 666, Damián 666 and X-Fly of Los Perros del Mal in a four team steel cage match, which also included Los Temerarios (Black Terry, Durok and Machin) and Los Villanos (Kortiz, Ray Mendoza, Jr. and Villano IV). On October 9 at Héroes Inmortales, Los Psycho Circus and Los Perros del Mal ended their year long rivalry, when the clowns defeated Damián 666, Halloween and Nicho el Millonario in a Masks vs. Hairs steel cage match to take their hairs. After a five-month break from the rivalry, Los Psycho Circus defeated Damián 666, Halloween and X-Fly of Los Perros del Mal on March 11, 2012, to win the AAA World Trios Championship. They lost the title to El Consejo (Máscara Año 2000, Jr., El Texano, Jr. and Toscano) on May 19, 2012. Los Psycho Circus regained the title from El Consejo on February 18, 2013. At Triplemanía XXI Los Psycho Circus represented AAA against the World Wrestling League-Total Nonstop Action Wrestling team of José "Monster Pain" Torres, Matt Morgan and Jeff Jarrett. However, they lost the contest and received a beat down with the WWL World Heavyweight Championship belt afterwards. Los Psycho Circus lost the AAA World Trios Championship to Los Hell Brothers (Averno, Chessman and Cibernético) on June 14, 2015, at Verano de Escándalo.

Paragraph 9: Walker ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006, but dropped out of the race before the primary election. He ran again in 2010 and won. Shortly after his inauguration in 2011, Walker gained national attention by introducing the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill; the legislation proposed to effectively eliminate collective bargaining for most Wisconsin public employees. In response, opponents of the bill protested at the Wisconsin State Capitol and Senate Democrats left the state in an effort to prevent the bill from being passed. Nevertheless, the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill became law in March 2011. Opposition to the law led to an attempt to recall Walker from office in 2012. Walker prevailed in the recall election, becoming one of two incumbent governors in the history of the United States to win a recall election, the other being California governor Gavin Newsom in 2021.

Paragraph 10: In 1981, with Bay Area lead guitarist, Mark Castro, they recorded the album Something So Good. Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist. Mark brought Rick Hunt to the band. "Something So Good" includes the memorable signature lead guitar solos that only Mark Castro can produce, especially When a Man Loves a Woman and World 2000."Something So Good" was released in 1982. They reformed in 1986 with the Lewis Brothers and Harvey joined by singer Calton Coffie and drummer Lancelot Hall, and this line-up released the Black Roses album (released in 1986 on RAS Records). The band's next album, One Way in 1987, included one of their biggest hits, "Bad Boys", which was re-recorded for their 1989 album Identified and became the theme music for the Fox TV series Cops that year. California guitarist Dave Gonzales, by Mark Castro's recommendation, joined the band for a tour in 1989. "Bad Boys" was reissued as a single in 1990 and charted in several countries in Europe, but it was its 1993 re-release in the United States that achieved the greatest success. The 1992 album Bad to the Bone was picked up by Atlantic Records and reissued as Bad Boys in 1993 to capitalize on the success of the single. It sold more than half a million copies in the United States and more than four million worldwide. The band received a Grammy Award in 1993 for 'Best Reggae Album by Duo or Group' for Bad Boys and the album also spawned the international hit single "Sweat (A La La La La Long)", which was a #3 hit in the UK Singles Chart and topped the chart in 10 countries, selling over a million copies in Europe, while "Bad Boys" peaked at #52. It was their second (and last) American hit, reaching #16 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Bad Boys" was used in the 1995 film of the same name starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and its sequels Bad Boys II and Bad Boys for Life, and a ringtone based on the song was on the Billboard Hot Ringtones Chart for over 110 weeks. They received a second Grammy nomination in 1994 for the album Reggae Dancer, which included a cover of Joe South's "Games People Play" which was released as a single.

Paragraph 11: In 1981, with Bay Area lead guitarist, Mark Castro, they recorded the album Something So Good. Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist. Mark brought Rick Hunt to the band. "Something So Good" includes the memorable signature lead guitar solos that only Mark Castro can produce, especially When a Man Loves a Woman and World 2000."Something So Good" was released in 1982. They reformed in 1986 with the Lewis Brothers and Harvey joined by singer Calton Coffie and drummer Lancelot Hall, and this line-up released the Black Roses album (released in 1986 on RAS Records). The band's next album, One Way in 1987, included one of their biggest hits, "Bad Boys", which was re-recorded for their 1989 album Identified and became the theme music for the Fox TV series Cops that year. California guitarist Dave Gonzales, by Mark Castro's recommendation, joined the band for a tour in 1989. "Bad Boys" was reissued as a single in 1990 and charted in several countries in Europe, but it was its 1993 re-release in the United States that achieved the greatest success. The 1992 album Bad to the Bone was picked up by Atlantic Records and reissued as Bad Boys in 1993 to capitalize on the success of the single. It sold more than half a million copies in the United States and more than four million worldwide. The band received a Grammy Award in 1993 for 'Best Reggae Album by Duo or Group' for Bad Boys and the album also spawned the international hit single "Sweat (A La La La La Long)", which was a #3 hit in the UK Singles Chart and topped the chart in 10 countries, selling over a million copies in Europe, while "Bad Boys" peaked at #52. It was their second (and last) American hit, reaching #16 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Bad Boys" was used in the 1995 film of the same name starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and its sequels Bad Boys II and Bad Boys for Life, and a ringtone based on the song was on the Billboard Hot Ringtones Chart for over 110 weeks. They received a second Grammy nomination in 1994 for the album Reggae Dancer, which included a cover of Joe South's "Games People Play" which was released as a single.

Paragraph 12: In 1981, with Bay Area lead guitarist, Mark Castro, they recorded the album Something So Good. Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist. Mark brought Rick Hunt to the band. "Something So Good" includes the memorable signature lead guitar solos that only Mark Castro can produce, especially When a Man Loves a Woman and World 2000."Something So Good" was released in 1982. They reformed in 1986 with the Lewis Brothers and Harvey joined by singer Calton Coffie and drummer Lancelot Hall, and this line-up released the Black Roses album (released in 1986 on RAS Records). The band's next album, One Way in 1987, included one of their biggest hits, "Bad Boys", which was re-recorded for their 1989 album Identified and became the theme music for the Fox TV series Cops that year. California guitarist Dave Gonzales, by Mark Castro's recommendation, joined the band for a tour in 1989. "Bad Boys" was reissued as a single in 1990 and charted in several countries in Europe, but it was its 1993 re-release in the United States that achieved the greatest success. The 1992 album Bad to the Bone was picked up by Atlantic Records and reissued as Bad Boys in 1993 to capitalize on the success of the single. It sold more than half a million copies in the United States and more than four million worldwide. The band received a Grammy Award in 1993 for 'Best Reggae Album by Duo or Group' for Bad Boys and the album also spawned the international hit single "Sweat (A La La La La Long)", which was a #3 hit in the UK Singles Chart and topped the chart in 10 countries, selling over a million copies in Europe, while "Bad Boys" peaked at #52. It was their second (and last) American hit, reaching #16 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Bad Boys" was used in the 1995 film of the same name starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and its sequels Bad Boys II and Bad Boys for Life, and a ringtone based on the song was on the Billboard Hot Ringtones Chart for over 110 weeks. They received a second Grammy nomination in 1994 for the album Reggae Dancer, which included a cover of Joe South's "Games People Play" which was released as a single.

Paragraph 13: In 1981, with Bay Area lead guitarist, Mark Castro, they recorded the album Something So Good. Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist. Mark brought Rick Hunt to the band. "Something So Good" includes the memorable signature lead guitar solos that only Mark Castro can produce, especially When a Man Loves a Woman and World 2000."Something So Good" was released in 1982. They reformed in 1986 with the Lewis Brothers and Harvey joined by singer Calton Coffie and drummer Lancelot Hall, and this line-up released the Black Roses album (released in 1986 on RAS Records). The band's next album, One Way in 1987, included one of their biggest hits, "Bad Boys", which was re-recorded for their 1989 album Identified and became the theme music for the Fox TV series Cops that year. California guitarist Dave Gonzales, by Mark Castro's recommendation, joined the band for a tour in 1989. "Bad Boys" was reissued as a single in 1990 and charted in several countries in Europe, but it was its 1993 re-release in the United States that achieved the greatest success. The 1992 album Bad to the Bone was picked up by Atlantic Records and reissued as Bad Boys in 1993 to capitalize on the success of the single. It sold more than half a million copies in the United States and more than four million worldwide. The band received a Grammy Award in 1993 for 'Best Reggae Album by Duo or Group' for Bad Boys and the album also spawned the international hit single "Sweat (A La La La La Long)", which was a #3 hit in the UK Singles Chart and topped the chart in 10 countries, selling over a million copies in Europe, while "Bad Boys" peaked at #52. It was their second (and last) American hit, reaching #16 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Bad Boys" was used in the 1995 film of the same name starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and its sequels Bad Boys II and Bad Boys for Life, and a ringtone based on the song was on the Billboard Hot Ringtones Chart for over 110 weeks. They received a second Grammy nomination in 1994 for the album Reggae Dancer, which included a cover of Joe South's "Games People Play" which was released as a single.

Paragraph 14: In 1981, with Bay Area lead guitarist, Mark Castro, they recorded the album Something So Good. Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist. Mark brought Rick Hunt to the band. "Something So Good" includes the memorable signature lead guitar solos that only Mark Castro can produce, especially When a Man Loves a Woman and World 2000."Something So Good" was released in 1982. They reformed in 1986 with the Lewis Brothers and Harvey joined by singer Calton Coffie and drummer Lancelot Hall, and this line-up released the Black Roses album (released in 1986 on RAS Records). The band's next album, One Way in 1987, included one of their biggest hits, "Bad Boys", which was re-recorded for their 1989 album Identified and became the theme music for the Fox TV series Cops that year. California guitarist Dave Gonzales, by Mark Castro's recommendation, joined the band for a tour in 1989. "Bad Boys" was reissued as a single in 1990 and charted in several countries in Europe, but it was its 1993 re-release in the United States that achieved the greatest success. The 1992 album Bad to the Bone was picked up by Atlantic Records and reissued as Bad Boys in 1993 to capitalize on the success of the single. It sold more than half a million copies in the United States and more than four million worldwide. The band received a Grammy Award in 1993 for 'Best Reggae Album by Duo or Group' for Bad Boys and the album also spawned the international hit single "Sweat (A La La La La Long)", which was a #3 hit in the UK Singles Chart and topped the chart in 10 countries, selling over a million copies in Europe, while "Bad Boys" peaked at #52. It was their second (and last) American hit, reaching #16 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Bad Boys" was used in the 1995 film of the same name starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence and its sequels Bad Boys II and Bad Boys for Life, and a ringtone based on the song was on the Billboard Hot Ringtones Chart for over 110 weeks. They received a second Grammy nomination in 1994 for the album Reggae Dancer, which included a cover of Joe South's "Games People Play" which was released as a single.

Paragraph 15: Union Station, also known as New Haven Railroad Station  or simply New Haven, is the main railroad passenger station in New Haven, Connecticut. It is the third such station in the city of New Haven, preceded by both an 1848 built station in a different location, and an 1879 built station near the current station's location. Designed by noted American architect Cass Gilbert, the present beaux-arts Union Station was completed and opened in 1920 after the previous Union Station (which was located at the foot of Meadow Street, near the site of the current Union Station parking garage) was destroyed by fire. It served the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad for the next five decades, but fell into decline following World War II along with the United States railroad industry as a whole.

Paragraph 16: Walker ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006, but dropped out of the race before the primary election. He ran again in 2010 and won. Shortly after his inauguration in 2011, Walker gained national attention by introducing the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill; the legislation proposed to effectively eliminate collective bargaining for most Wisconsin public employees. In response, opponents of the bill protested at the Wisconsin State Capitol and Senate Democrats left the state in an effort to prevent the bill from being passed. Nevertheless, the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill became law in March 2011. Opposition to the law led to an attempt to recall Walker from office in 2012. Walker prevailed in the recall election, becoming one of two incumbent governors in the history of the United States to win a recall election, the other being California governor Gavin Newsom in 2021.

Paragraph 17: Walker ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006, but dropped out of the race before the primary election. He ran again in 2010 and won. Shortly after his inauguration in 2011, Walker gained national attention by introducing the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill; the legislation proposed to effectively eliminate collective bargaining for most Wisconsin public employees. In response, opponents of the bill protested at the Wisconsin State Capitol and Senate Democrats left the state in an effort to prevent the bill from being passed. Nevertheless, the Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill became law in March 2011. Opposition to the law led to an attempt to recall Walker from office in 2012. Walker prevailed in the recall election, becoming one of two incumbent governors in the history of the United States to win a recall election, the other being California governor Gavin Newsom in 2021.