Paragraph 1: Section 6 covers the different "Technology Trials" performed. First, Inflatable habitats were investigated to provide a "shirtsleeve indoor environment" for the astronauts. The article further suggests that if the cave's cross sectional surface area is properly sized, an inflatable cave liner could be placed in the cave and inflated requiring no additional support systems. The article then suggests using a dual-liner system in which an outer liner provides a surface against the cave surface and a pressure seal and an inner liner provides a habitat for the astronauts. Machinery and life support systems could be placed in between the redundant liners. The report also outlines methods of folding, manufacturing, transporting, replacing, and inflating these liners. Another main topic of this section is the "foamed in place" airlocks. These are designed to be shape-conforming to highly irregular openings along with easy to deploy and leak tight. Their final proposed system is an airlock unit with multiple extending telescoping legs to all of the cave walls. The space between the airlocks and the cave walls are then filled with hardening, spray-able, airtight foam. Next, the report outlines methods by which an inert pressure atmosphere could be created by pressurizing the gasses present on Mars, particularly Argon. This would allow human scientists only to wear breathing apparatuses and not require full pressure suits. It is suggested that cavernous spaces not be filled with oxygen or other reactive gasses as this would nullify any potential scientific value of the cave along with potentially being harmful to the humans breathing in the atmosphere inside. Finally, this section covers a system that would allow communication networks inside caves. This was also tested in a real cave (Robertson's Cave) and future modifications are suggested for increasing bandwidth and signal strength.

Paragraph 2: State Route 123 (SR 123) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.  The state highway runs  from U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in Woodbridge north to the Chain Bridge across the Potomac River into Washington from Arlington.  It goes by four local names.  From its southern terminus to the Occoquan River Bridge, it is known as Gordon Boulevard.  From the Occoquan River Bridge to the city of Fairfax it is known as Ox Road.  From Fairfax until it enters the Town of Vienna, it is known as Chain Bridge Road. Then, as it passes through the Town of Vienna, it is known as Maple Avenue. After leaving the Town of Vienna, the name reverts to Chain Bridge Road, and continues this way until the intersection with I-495 in Tysons. Between Tysons and the George Washington Memorial Parkway, it is known as Dolley Madison Boulevard. After crossing over the George Washington Memorial Parkway, the name once again reverts to Chain Bridge Road and continues this way until the end of the road, at Chain Bridge. SR 123 is a partial circumferential highway in Northern Virginia that connects Woodbridge in eastern Prince William County with the independent city of Fairfax and the Fairfax County communities of Vienna, Tysons, and McLean, the last being the home of the National Counterterrorism Center and the Central Intelligence Agency.  The state highway also connects all of the major highways that radiate from Washington, including Interstate 95 (I-95), I-66, US 29, US 50, SR 267, and the George Washington Memorial Parkway.  Furthermore, SR 123 crosses another pair of circumferential highways, I-495 and the Fairfax County Parkway, and SR 7, a major northwest–southeast highway through Northern Virginia.  The state highway is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length.

Paragraph 3: Team Hole in the Wall is an athletic fundraising initiative managed by the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp. Amateur athletes join up to raise a specified amount of funds and receive entrance to a marathon, bike ride or other athletic event in support of seriously ill children served by The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp or one of its associated camps around the world. Established in 2005, Team Hole in the Wall offers entrance into more than two dozen marathons and cycling events, including the New York City Marathon, Boston Marathon and AngelRide cycling event in Connecticut. New Canaan resident and Newman's Own Vice President of Marketing Michael "Mike" Havard ran in the ING New York City Marathon prior to 2004, but in that year he decided to use his participation to raise funds for The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, raising nearly $40,000. The next year, he served as captain of the first Team Hole in the Wall team of 40 runners, raising $150,000. The number of Team Hole in the Wall members and events has risen each year since. In 2010, more than 1,800 Team Hole in the Wall members are expected to participate in 20 athletic events.

Paragraph 4: Battlefield usage of the weapon was significant, but not to the extent of the Maxim weapons. The Bergmann MG 15nA was an important weapon in that it filled a gap in the German armory between the rifle and the heavy machine gun. The only other light machine guns the Imperial German Army fielded before the Bergmann was adopted were the various Madsen machine guns used by the Musketen battalions. In the 1916 Battle of the Somme, the German Army found that they desperately needed a weapon to counter the British Army's Lewis light machine gun. The limited quantities of the Madsen gun only added to the need for a light machine gun. Germany did not produce any Madsens in the First World War and relied almost entirely on captured weaponry. Madsen machine guns were used between a mix of examples captured from a shipment heading to Bulgaria and others supplied by the Austrians. The German Army, reeling from the Battle of the Somme, ordered some 6,000 MG 15nA examples in November 1916. These weapons were distributed to Musketen and other infantry battalions before enough troops could be trained upon the new MG 08/15 in the winter/spring of 1917. The majority of MG 15nA weapons were actually delivered to the Eastern and Palestine fronts where the German Asia Corps made the most significant use of the gun. The limitation of the weapon was that its air-cooled barrel would overheat after 250 rounds of sustained fire. They were therefore grouped into sections in which the tactical positioning allowed the gunners to open fire alternately or were attributed to mobile detachments that did not require long sustained fire. The German Leichtmaschinengewehr Truppen (LMGt) were formed specifically for the weapon. The MG 15nA was a generally reliable gun that served until the manufacture of automatic weaponry was ceased in 1919 under the Treaty of Versailles, but the dominance of the Maxim 08 during the war meant it never acquired much enthusiasm from military officials. The weapon had faded into obscurity by the time the Second World War came about, though some were used by the Republicans during the Spanish Civil War.

Paragraph 5: Carbon monoxide line intensities are calibrated using the room-temperature chopper wheel method and the two-layer atmosphere model of Kutner (1978). At the carbon monoxide signal frequency the atmospheric opacity is appreciable, mostly due to molecular oxygen and water vapor, and corrections to the observed line intensities for signal attenuation must be applied. Kutner's two-layer model of the atmosphere parameterizes the elevation dependence of the correction factor in terms of only 3 parameters, each of which has a physical interpretation. Because oxygen has a much greater scale height than water vapor, the model assumes they can be considered separate layers, oxygen above water, with different characteristic temperatures and opacities. The temperature and opacity of oxygen in the upper atmosphere do not vary much seasonally and are assumed to be constant at 255 K and 0.378, respectively, at the signal frequency. The remaining parameters in the model, the temperature and opacity of water and the fraction of the received power from the sky, are determined through antenna tippings (measurements of the intensity of the sky signal as a function of elevation) at least once per six-hour observing shift, and more frequently if the weather is changing. Typical zenith water opacities ranged from 0.10 to 0.15, with values as low as about 0.05 in the coldest, driest weather. A 1-second calibration is performed at the start of each scan to correct for short term variations of the receiver gain and atmospheric opacity.

Paragraph 6: According to Li Chi, "When men are twenty years old they should wear a hat and be given an alias. For women, they are allowed to get married, use a hair pin, and give an alias. If the women are married at the age of 15, they are allowed to use a hair pin. If they are not married, they will use a hair pin at the age of thirty." Therefore, the "hat ceremony" is an adulthood rite, which has been an important custom transmitted to us from the ancient times. For the people that have passed such ceremony, they are regarded as adults. Therefore, the adulthood rite is a very important ceremony in a person's life. In order to allow the fresh people who have reached the age of twenty to build up their responsibilities, the student union will sponsor "New Six Classical Arts Campaign – Fresh People Adulthood Rite." Hope the fresh people can pass the trials of the six classical arts (etiquette, music, archery, horse riding, calligraphy, and mathematics) as preparation for entering the stage of being an adult. In addition, hope the students can have different experiences about being a "scholar" in the traditional Chinese sense; therefore they can become "Confucian Scholars." Passing the trials of the six classical arts, which is designed for the fresh people with the traditional Confucian tradition, the President of the school the Dean of the Academic Affairs will be the host of the Adulthood Rite signifying their maturity. From the process of lighting the candles and incense, worshipping the ancestors, chanting the prayer, drinking the adulthood wine, follow each step after the ancient customs closely. In addition, every participant in the ceremony will give a brief talk telling people his/her thoughts. The ceremony is simple as well as magnificent, with a strong sense of Confucian mood. With the spirit of the six classical arts as the core, together with team spirits, aim to cultivate the students with humanistic elements, for the development complete personality, lifelong and self-oriented learning. Hope that after all the fresh people undergo this ceremony can fully understand that they are already adults. They should not spend all their time playing when they are studying far away from home. In addition, they have to listen to the teachers’ suggestions to be courageous and diligent, without being lazy. It is their time to face themselves and the society.

Paragraph 7: Greater Glasgow is an urban settlement in Scotland consisting of all localities which are physically attached to the city of Glasgow, forming with it a single contiguous urban area (or conurbation). It does not relate to municipal government boundaries and its territorial extent is defined by the General Register Office for Scotland, which determines settlements in Scotland for census and statistical purposes. Greater Glasgow had a population of 1,199,629 at the time of the 2001 UK Census making it the largest urban area in Scotland and the fifth-largest in the United Kingdom. However, the population estimate for the Greater Glasgow 'settlement' (a chain of continuously populated postcodes) in mid-2016 was 985,290 – the reduced figure explained by the removal of the Motherwell & Wishaw (124,790), Coatbridge & Airdrie (91,020) and Hamilton (83,730) settlement areas east of the city due to small gaps between the populated postcodes. The 'new towns' of Cumbernauld (which had a 2016 settlement population of 50,920) and East Kilbride (75,120) were never included in these figures despite their close ties to Glasgow due to having a clear geographical separation from the city. In the 2020 figures (with almost the same boundaries as 2016, the main difference being the re-addition of Barrhead), the Greater Glasgow population  had risen to just over 1 million.

Paragraph 8: Aaren is a bisexual tycoon. His father is part of a famous toy production company and cared a great deal about family image. When Aaren developed a homosexual relationship with a male friend, he kept it secret until he wanted to force his hand to come out. He killed his boyfriend and buried him over a secluded area in the hills. Only he knew about the secret and for several years he lived life quietly and started a relationship with Ying after she broke up with Johnlung. Ying became Aaren's confidant, but eventually his mix of lies and truths became apparent and Ying warned Johnlung about Aaren's suspicious past (without knowing he killed his boyfriend). Aaren was angry that she suspected him and would tell off someone about their secrets and so Aaren tried to kill Ying. They would put up a struggle until they both fell into the ocean and Aaren tried to drown Ying. Because witnesses came, Aaren used this excuse that he tried to commit suicide and that Ying tried to save him, but ended up injured herself. Johnlung didn't accept that as the truth, but because Ying is in a coma the truth would never come. Aaren planned to kill her by transferring her to a private hospital where he's able to act without too many witnesses, but she died. It wasn't long that Johnlung discovered that a Thai man was taping the local area and had the very tape the clearly displayed Aaren's murderous intent. Johnlung and Aaren would eventually play a game of how much they can't hurt each other by making personal attacks on each other's families. Johnlung would deliver a disk of the actual murder to Aaren's father, leading to a heart attack. Aaren would distract Johnlung's nephew to look like he was kidnapped. Eventually Aaren was kidnapped by his own brother, Tim, who desperately needed money. After the drop was made though, Tim friends wanted to kill Aaren. Johnlung was part of the investigating group over Aaren's apparent kidnap and Johnlung took the opportunity to kill Aaren after he mocked him for unable the finish the job and that the heavens was so good to him. Aaren's true death would eventually come into light after Johnlung turned his ways and confessed his crimes. Although Aaren's true death was revealed, only his family missed him as everyone knows him as the disturbed killer that he is.

Paragraph 9: Debabrata Bose reveals to his team members that Kumud has a secret affair with Devyani Dasgupta, the daughter of Hiten Dasgupta who is the officer-in-charge of Bhubabdanga. Fumed with Kumud, his team members think that Kumud is a spy of Hiten Dasgupta and chases him down the tunnel to kill him but Radha finally stands between them and urges not to kill Kumud. They spare him. Hiten Dasgupta keeps torturing Ashok who never yields to say who Kanti Roy is. Hiten Dasgupta brings Ashok's wife Shachi to the cell where Ashok is kept and in front of him several ruffians rape her. Still Ashok does not yield to reveal who Kanti Roy is. Ashok becomes seriously ill with high fever. He keeps muttering to himself and from this Hiten Dasgupta learns that a woman named Radha is involved with this revolutionary activity. Sirajul comes to Debabrata Bose to give him Kanti Roy's letter. Debabrata learns that Hiten Dasgupta has planned to check Radha's house. He along with his team take resort into the tunnel while Radha alone stays up. Hiten Dasgupta comes and discovers a spade, a pitcher and a wooden stuff beneath it in Radha's bedroom. He feels dubious and breaks the pitcher apart. Radha takes a revolver out but accidentally drops it which Hiten Dasgupta at once picks up. Now Radha turns into a fine actress. She narrates the whole plan to Dasgupta and makes him believe that she has been exhausted serving the team and intends to stand out of this. She stealthily poisons a glass of wine and gives it to Dasgupta who drinks it and dies. Kanti Roy arrives at Radha's place and informs everyone that Jackson has planned to go to Dhaka from Bhubandanga; and the night he will leave, an attack has to be launched by them at the steamer port to bombard Jackson along with the port and the oil depot. Kumud changes his mind and decides to stand out of all the revolutionary activities as he intends to settle with his ladylove Debjani. He stealthily goes to Prakash Mukherjee, the new officer-in-charge and reveals the plan of Kanti Roy. Ashok overhears this conversation. He evades through the window of the toilet and shoots Kumud to death on the way back to his home. Prakash Mukherjee comes to check Radha's house where he arrests Debabrata Bose. Radha is compelled to guide him along with his unit through the tunnel where he faces fight-back from the hidden revolutionists. At the same time the rest of the revolutionists under Kanti Roy's leadership charge upon the police at port. Ashok joins them. He sets himself on fire and runs into the oil depot.

Paragraph 10: Set in May 1990, the film follows the exploits of five lads: Gary 'Tits' Titchfield, Darren 'Dodge' Hodge, Chris 'Zippy' Weeks, 'Little Gaz' Gareth Barrett and 'Penfold' Andrew Peach. They are fans of The Stone Roses and members of wannabe band Shadowcaster. It starts 60 hours prior to The Stone Roses' legendary gig at Spike Island, Widnes, Cheshire. The group get an idea to give The Stone Roses their cassette tape via Sally, a girl whom both Tits and Dodge show interest in, although Dodge has never spoken to her. They hatch a plan to get tickets to the gig and kick-start their career. Tits' brother 'Ibiza' Steve gets the boys on the guest-list for the gig. But when Tits' dad becomes increasingly ill during the 60 hours, he fails to turn up and on the morning of the gig his dad worsens but his dad tells Tits to go to the gig. Penfold's dad burns his top in an effort to stop him from going and when he goes to hit him Penfold stands up to his dad after his dad has been abusing him and heads to the gig. They lure 'Uncle Hairy' out of his van and steal it but when they run out of fuel they have to stop but Penfold convinces them to walk to the M6. They hide in the baggage hold of the bus until they arrive at Spike Island. Once arrived they jump out of their hiding place and are chased by police and the bus driver but lose them in the crowd. They lose Penfold and are unable to find him, so they carry on to the entry zone but are turned away because they do not have tickets and are not on the guest-list. The remaining four make their way to the outside of the venue. They meet Sally who has lost her friends in the crowd and doesn't want to go in alone and gives Dodge her ticket. Dodge heads for the gig without the cassette tape because he was afraid "to fuck it up". On his way back to the boys, he sees Sally and Tits hooking up. Tits and Dodge later argue but when Tits' dad eventually dies they make up. Meanwhile, Zippy visits the nearby Catalyst Science Discovery Centre (at that point still called The Museum of the Chemical Industry). At the end of the movie it is shown that Tits and Sally are together and all the boys have moved on as school has finished. The ending scene shows Tits looking at Dodge from his window while Dodge walks down the lane with his guitar and bags.

Paragraph 11: State Route 123 (SR 123) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia.  The state highway runs  from U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in Woodbridge north to the Chain Bridge across the Potomac River into Washington from Arlington.  It goes by four local names.  From its southern terminus to the Occoquan River Bridge, it is known as Gordon Boulevard.  From the Occoquan River Bridge to the city of Fairfax it is known as Ox Road.  From Fairfax until it enters the Town of Vienna, it is known as Chain Bridge Road. Then, as it passes through the Town of Vienna, it is known as Maple Avenue. After leaving the Town of Vienna, the name reverts to Chain Bridge Road, and continues this way until the intersection with I-495 in Tysons. Between Tysons and the George Washington Memorial Parkway, it is known as Dolley Madison Boulevard. After crossing over the George Washington Memorial Parkway, the name once again reverts to Chain Bridge Road and continues this way until the end of the road, at Chain Bridge. SR 123 is a partial circumferential highway in Northern Virginia that connects Woodbridge in eastern Prince William County with the independent city of Fairfax and the Fairfax County communities of Vienna, Tysons, and McLean, the last being the home of the National Counterterrorism Center and the Central Intelligence Agency.  The state highway also connects all of the major highways that radiate from Washington, including Interstate 95 (I-95), I-66, US 29, US 50, SR 267, and the George Washington Memorial Parkway.  Furthermore, SR 123 crosses another pair of circumferential highways, I-495 and the Fairfax County Parkway, and SR 7, a major northwest–southeast highway through Northern Virginia.  The state highway is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length.

Paragraph 12: The second video is produced to be more in line with the song's words, particularly "When you look with your eyes, everything seems nice, but if you look twice, you can see it's all lies". It opens with Allen in a record store called Tough Grade, which is a play on Rough Trade, a record shop in London at Talbot Road and Portobello Road. She asks the manager for an eclectic piece of music – "punky electronica...kind of grime...kind of like...new-wave grime...but kind of maybe like more broken beats, but kinda dubby broken beats...but a lil bit kind of soulful....but kind of drum'n'bassy, but kinda more broken drum'n'bass like more broken beats, but break beat kind of broken drum'n'bass. Kind of...Do you know what I mean?". The song playing in the background is Allen's track "Friend of Mine", taken from her debut album, "Alright, Still". Allen receives a phone call, from someone assumed to be her boyfriend, and arranges to meet him. She walks out of the shop and walks through the centre of London. While she walks through the street, she leaves a glowing trail of light behind her, in Technicolor-like hues, and the town's atmosphere looks pleasant, fun and happy – however, as Allen moves forward the "reality" kicks in, as the scenery behind the hue transforms in sharp contrast in what it had been before, portraying litter, homelessness and violent crime in London, and the technicolour is washed out – for example, a magician's wand becomes a rusted nail, three gold coins turn into dog feces and a red sweet on the ground becomes a still-smoking cigarette butt. The video ends with Allen receiving another phone call; her boyfriend has decided not to come. Angry and unhappy, she storms away, and the vivid colour disappears to reveal the duller, more depressing reality of her surroundings.

Paragraph 13: In 1904 Charles Spearman published a paper that largely founded the field of psychometrics and included a crude form of factor analysis that attempted to determine if a single factor model was appropriate. There was limited subsequent work on factor analysis until Thurstone published a paper in 1931 called Multiple Factor Analysis, which expanded Spearman's single-factor analysis to include more than one factor. In 1932, Hotelling presented a more accurate method of extracting factors, which he called principal components analysis. Thurstone rejected Hotelling's approach because it set the commonalities to 1.0, and Thurstone realized that will introduce distortions to the factor loadings when variables include unique components. Hotelling's method was also limited by the fact that it required too much calculation to be usable with more than about ten variables. A year after Hotelling's paper, Thurstone presented a more efficient way of extracting factors, called the centroid method, which allowed the factor analysis of a far larger number of variables. Later that year he gave his presidential address to the American Psychological Association wherein he presented the results of several factor analyses, including a factor analysis of 60 adjectives describing personality traits, showing how they could be reduced to five personality traits. He also presented analyses of 37 mental health symptoms, of attitudes towards 12 controversial social issues, and of 9 IQ tests. In those analyses, Thurstone had made use of tetrachoric correlation coefficients, a method for estimating continuous variable correlations from dichotomous variables. Tetrachorics require extensive calculations but in early 1933, he and two colleagues at the University of Chicago published a set of computing diagrams that greatly reduce the calculations needed for  those coefficients, another aspect of making his method of factor analysis practical with more than just a few variables. His 1933 presidential address was published in early 1934 with the title Vectors of the Mind. It lacked methodological and mathematical details of his technique, which is then the subject of this book. A 2004 conference called Factor Analysis at 100 produced a book with two chapters that document the historical importance Thurstone's contributions to factor analysis. Thurstone's approach to factor analysis remains an important method in psychological research and it has since been used in numerous other fields of study. It is now considered part of a family of methods for analyzing the covariance structure of variables, which includes principal components analysis, exploratory factor analysis, confirmatory factor analysis, and structural equation modeling.

Paragraph 14: The second video is produced to be more in line with the song's words, particularly "When you look with your eyes, everything seems nice, but if you look twice, you can see it's all lies". It opens with Allen in a record store called Tough Grade, which is a play on Rough Trade, a record shop in London at Talbot Road and Portobello Road. She asks the manager for an eclectic piece of music – "punky electronica...kind of grime...kind of like...new-wave grime...but kind of maybe like more broken beats, but kinda dubby broken beats...but a lil bit kind of soulful....but kind of drum'n'bassy, but kinda more broken drum'n'bass like more broken beats, but break beat kind of broken drum'n'bass. Kind of...Do you know what I mean?". The song playing in the background is Allen's track "Friend of Mine", taken from her debut album, "Alright, Still". Allen receives a phone call, from someone assumed to be her boyfriend, and arranges to meet him. She walks out of the shop and walks through the centre of London. While she walks through the street, she leaves a glowing trail of light behind her, in Technicolor-like hues, and the town's atmosphere looks pleasant, fun and happy – however, as Allen moves forward the "reality" kicks in, as the scenery behind the hue transforms in sharp contrast in what it had been before, portraying litter, homelessness and violent crime in London, and the technicolour is washed out – for example, a magician's wand becomes a rusted nail, three gold coins turn into dog feces and a red sweet on the ground becomes a still-smoking cigarette butt. The video ends with Allen receiving another phone call; her boyfriend has decided not to come. Angry and unhappy, she storms away, and the vivid colour disappears to reveal the duller, more depressing reality of her surroundings.

Paragraph 15: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at risk of life above and beyond the call of duty. Pvt. Mills, undergoing his baptism of fire, preceded his platoon down a draw to reach a position from which an attack could be launched against a heavily fortified strongpoint. After advancing about 300 yards, Pvt. Mills was fired on by a machinegun only 5 yards distant. He killed the gunner with 1 shot and forced the surrender of the assistant gunner. Continuing his advance, he saw a German soldier in a camouflaged position behind a large bush pulling the pin of a potato-masher grenade. Covering the German with his rifle, Pvt. Mills forced him to drop the grenade and captured him. When another enemy soldier attempted to throw a hand grenade into the draw, Pvt. Mills killed him with 1 shot. Brought under fire by a machinegun, 2 machine pistols, and 3 rifles at a range of only 50 feet, he charged headlong into the furious chain of automatic fire shooting his M 1 from the hip. The enemy was completely demoralized by Pvt. Mills' daring charge, and when he reached a point within 10 feet of their position, all 6 surrendered. As he neared the end of the draw, Pvt. Mills was brought under fire by a machinegunner 20 yards distant. Despite the fact that he had absolutely no cover, Pvt. Mills killed the gunner with 1 shot. Two enemy soldiers near the machinegunner fired wildly at Pvt. Mills and then fled. Pvt. Mills fired twice, killing 1 of the enemy. Continuing on to the position, he captured a fourth soldier. When it became apparent that an assault on the strongpoint would in all probability cause heavy casualties on the platoon, Pvt. Mills volunteered to cover the advance down a shallow ditch to a point within 50 yards of the objective. Standing on the bank in full view of the enemy less than 100 yards away, he shouted and fired his rifle directly into the position. His ruse worked exactly as planned. The enemy centered his fire on Pvt. Mills. Tracers passed within inches of his body, rifle and machine pistol bullets ricocheted off the rocks at his feet. Yet he stood there firing until his rifle was empty. Intent on covering the movement of his platoon, Pvt. Mills jumped into the draw, reloaded his weapon, climbed out again, and continued to lay down a base of fire. Repeating this action 4 times, he enabled his platoon to reach the designated spot undiscovered, from which position it assaulted and overwhelmed the enemy, capturing 22 Germans and taking the objective without casualties.

Paragraph 16: Chapters 1-3 of Book II continue the discussion of semen from the end of Book I. As a result of questioning potential ways in which the particular parts of animals might come to be formed, such as semen containing small versions of the bodily organs, before settling on the idea that semen contributes the potential (dunamis) for the parts to come into being as they are. This is the basis for the imparting of the soul upon the material substratum present in the egg, as the female reproductive residue itself contains no active principle for the motion required to form an embryo. Aristotle’s conception of the soul should not be mistaken for one which takes the soul to be a non-physical substance separate to the body. It instead comprises the ability for some function to be performed, which in the case of bodily development means the ability for organs to perform their bodily functions. Scholar Devin Henry describes Aristotle’s view as follows:"Aristotelian souls are not the sorts of things that are capable of being implanted in bodily organs from without (except perhaps intellectual soul). Soul is not an extra ingredient added to the organ over-and-above its structure. Once there is a properly constructed organ it straightaway possess the corresponding soul-function in virtue of its structure."The generative capacity of semen in imparting the soul is its heat, with semen itself being “a compound of breath and water”. It is the component of breath (pneuma) that shapes the material provided by the female into the correct form.

Paragraph 17: An ex-thief who used her skills from the age of 6 to survive. She is aged around 15 to 16 and is very agile and strong. Kotobuki does not like to act spoiled. She is a war orphan, a 'nameless one', and as such has compassion for other orphans like her. She was  raised in an orphanage by a gentle woman named Ann, who she viewed as her 'mother'. The orphanage was burnt down while Kotobuki was out getting Ann medicine, leaving her the sole survivor. She then takes up thievery in order to survive, and is very talented at it though she dislikes it. She meets Raimon during her time as a thief, and though he initially annoys her she ends up falling in love with him. During the story Kotobuki's goal is to find Tsubasa so she can wish the bomb out of his head. She temporarily leaves Raimon while visiting ancient Japan to find Tsubasa, while he must stay due to his bomb. Hil ends up falling in love with Kotobuki as he sees her as a replacement for Ann. At the end, Hil tells her that if she becomes his he would deactivate Raimon's bomb. Hil tries to seduce her several times throughout the story. Kotobuki goes to rescue Raimon after he is kidnapped by the military, and succeeds with the help of Shouka's gang, Yan, and Phere. At the end, Raimon and Kotobuki are engaged to be married.

Paragraph 18: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at risk of life above and beyond the call of duty. Pvt. Mills, undergoing his baptism of fire, preceded his platoon down a draw to reach a position from which an attack could be launched against a heavily fortified strongpoint. After advancing about 300 yards, Pvt. Mills was fired on by a machinegun only 5 yards distant. He killed the gunner with 1 shot and forced the surrender of the assistant gunner. Continuing his advance, he saw a German soldier in a camouflaged position behind a large bush pulling the pin of a potato-masher grenade. Covering the German with his rifle, Pvt. Mills forced him to drop the grenade and captured him. When another enemy soldier attempted to throw a hand grenade into the draw, Pvt. Mills killed him with 1 shot. Brought under fire by a machinegun, 2 machine pistols, and 3 rifles at a range of only 50 feet, he charged headlong into the furious chain of automatic fire shooting his M 1 from the hip. The enemy was completely demoralized by Pvt. Mills' daring charge, and when he reached a point within 10 feet of their position, all 6 surrendered. As he neared the end of the draw, Pvt. Mills was brought under fire by a machinegunner 20 yards distant. Despite the fact that he had absolutely no cover, Pvt. Mills killed the gunner with 1 shot. Two enemy soldiers near the machinegunner fired wildly at Pvt. Mills and then fled. Pvt. Mills fired twice, killing 1 of the enemy. Continuing on to the position, he captured a fourth soldier. When it became apparent that an assault on the strongpoint would in all probability cause heavy casualties on the platoon, Pvt. Mills volunteered to cover the advance down a shallow ditch to a point within 50 yards of the objective. Standing on the bank in full view of the enemy less than 100 yards away, he shouted and fired his rifle directly into the position. His ruse worked exactly as planned. The enemy centered his fire on Pvt. Mills. Tracers passed within inches of his body, rifle and machine pistol bullets ricocheted off the rocks at his feet. Yet he stood there firing until his rifle was empty. Intent on covering the movement of his platoon, Pvt. Mills jumped into the draw, reloaded his weapon, climbed out again, and continued to lay down a base of fire. Repeating this action 4 times, he enabled his platoon to reach the designated spot undiscovered, from which position it assaulted and overwhelmed the enemy, capturing 22 Germans and taking the objective without casualties.

Paragraph 19: After the tournament, Miceli asked WWF management to bring in new women for her to wrestle. In mid-1994, Bull Nakano joined the WWF roster and began feuding with Blayze. Blayze defeated Nakano at SummerSlam, but lost the belt to her on November 20, 1994, in Japan at the Big Egg Wrestling Universe event. Five months later on April 3, 1995, Blayze regained the title from Nakano on an edition of Monday Night Raw. As part of the storyline, immediately following the win, she was attacked by Bertha Faye, who broke her nose. According to Rhonda Sing (Faye), the storyline was written so Miceli could take time off to get breast implants and a nose job. She returned to the ring in August 1995, losing the Women's Championship to Faye at SummerSlam on August 27. Two months later, she won the title a third time, defeating Faye on October 23. In December, due to financial troubles the WWF was having at the time she was released from her contract and was stripped of the title following her jump to rival company World Championship Wrestling, and the WWF Women's Championship remained vacant until 1998. Miceli was blacklisted by the WWF for the next 20 years, owing to her participation in a controversial incident upon returning to WCW during which she dropped the WWF Women's championship belt into a trash can.

Paragraph 20: Nepean married Margaret Skinner, the only daughter of Capt. William Skinner, on 6 June 1782 at the Garrison Church at Greenwich. They had eight children, including Sir Molyneux Hyde Nepean, 2nd Bt., and Maj.-Gen. William Nepean, whose daughter Anna Maria Nepean married General Sir William Parke. Their youngest child, Rev. Canon Evan Nepean, became the Canon of Westminster and a Chaplain in Ordinary to Queen Victoria. His grandson Charles was a Middlesex county cricketer who also played football. Other descendants of Nepean include actors Hugh Grant (born 1960) and Thomas Brodie-Sangster (born 1990), who by chance both appeared in the same film, Love Actually.

Paragraph 21: During the ten years between solo albums Guthrie worked as a composer, scoring music for television ads, films and video games, in addition to his work on the side project Human Highway with Nick Thorburn of Islands. He received acclaim for the music he composed for the 2011 computer and tablet video game, Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP. The score was published as a digital and analogue (vinyl) album, Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies, in April 2011. His work on the project drew the attention of filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot, who asked Guthrie to score their documentary Indie Game: The Movie, using tracks from the album, as well as new original tracks. Guthrie's music has also appeared in several commercials including ads for the ALS Society of Canada and Capital One. On April 15, 2015, a book titled Jim Guthrie: Who Needs What was released.

Paragraph 22: For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at risk of life above and beyond the call of duty. Pvt. Mills, undergoing his baptism of fire, preceded his platoon down a draw to reach a position from which an attack could be launched against a heavily fortified strongpoint. After advancing about 300 yards, Pvt. Mills was fired on by a machinegun only 5 yards distant. He killed the gunner with 1 shot and forced the surrender of the assistant gunner. Continuing his advance, he saw a German soldier in a camouflaged position behind a large bush pulling the pin of a potato-masher grenade. Covering the German with his rifle, Pvt. Mills forced him to drop the grenade and captured him. When another enemy soldier attempted to throw a hand grenade into the draw, Pvt. Mills killed him with 1 shot. Brought under fire by a machinegun, 2 machine pistols, and 3 rifles at a range of only 50 feet, he charged headlong into the furious chain of automatic fire shooting his M 1 from the hip. The enemy was completely demoralized by Pvt. Mills' daring charge, and when he reached a point within 10 feet of their position, all 6 surrendered. As he neared the end of the draw, Pvt. Mills was brought under fire by a machinegunner 20 yards distant. Despite the fact that he had absolutely no cover, Pvt. Mills killed the gunner with 1 shot. Two enemy soldiers near the machinegunner fired wildly at Pvt. Mills and then fled. Pvt. Mills fired twice, killing 1 of the enemy. Continuing on to the position, he captured a fourth soldier. When it became apparent that an assault on the strongpoint would in all probability cause heavy casualties on the platoon, Pvt. Mills volunteered to cover the advance down a shallow ditch to a point within 50 yards of the objective. Standing on the bank in full view of the enemy less than 100 yards away, he shouted and fired his rifle directly into the position. His ruse worked exactly as planned. The enemy centered his fire on Pvt. Mills. Tracers passed within inches of his body, rifle and machine pistol bullets ricocheted off the rocks at his feet. Yet he stood there firing until his rifle was empty. Intent on covering the movement of his platoon, Pvt. Mills jumped into the draw, reloaded his weapon, climbed out again, and continued to lay down a base of fire. Repeating this action 4 times, he enabled his platoon to reach the designated spot undiscovered, from which position it assaulted and overwhelmed the enemy, capturing 22 Germans and taking the objective without casualties.

Paragraph 23: According to Li Chi, "When men are twenty years old they should wear a hat and be given an alias. For women, they are allowed to get married, use a hair pin, and give an alias. If the women are married at the age of 15, they are allowed to use a hair pin. If they are not married, they will use a hair pin at the age of thirty." Therefore, the "hat ceremony" is an adulthood rite, which has been an important custom transmitted to us from the ancient times. For the people that have passed such ceremony, they are regarded as adults. Therefore, the adulthood rite is a very important ceremony in a person's life. In order to allow the fresh people who have reached the age of twenty to build up their responsibilities, the student union will sponsor "New Six Classical Arts Campaign – Fresh People Adulthood Rite." Hope the fresh people can pass the trials of the six classical arts (etiquette, music, archery, horse riding, calligraphy, and mathematics) as preparation for entering the stage of being an adult. In addition, hope the students can have different experiences about being a "scholar" in the traditional Chinese sense; therefore they can become "Confucian Scholars." Passing the trials of the six classical arts, which is designed for the fresh people with the traditional Confucian tradition, the President of the school the Dean of the Academic Affairs will be the host of the Adulthood Rite signifying their maturity. From the process of lighting the candles and incense, worshipping the ancestors, chanting the prayer, drinking the adulthood wine, follow each step after the ancient customs closely. In addition, every participant in the ceremony will give a brief talk telling people his/her thoughts. The ceremony is simple as well as magnificent, with a strong sense of Confucian mood. With the spirit of the six classical arts as the core, together with team spirits, aim to cultivate the students with humanistic elements, for the development complete personality, lifelong and self-oriented learning. Hope that after all the fresh people undergo this ceremony can fully understand that they are already adults. They should not spend all their time playing when they are studying far away from home. In addition, they have to listen to the teachers’ suggestions to be courageous and diligent, without being lazy. It is their time to face themselves and the society.

Paragraph 24: "Aliens Of London" was scheduled as part of the second production block along with Rose due to the contemporary setting. The first round of filming took place on 18 July 2004 at the Cardiff Royal Infirmary which was used as the set for Albion Hospital. The exterior of 10 Downing Street was a replica created a week later in Central London, while the interior was filmed in Hensol Castle, Vale of Glamorgan from 4–6, 8–13 and 16–19 August. Filming of the crashed spaceship took place on the 26th, but it was delayed by anti-terrorism officers who were suspicious of the filming's proximity to Downing Street. Filming of Mickey's flat (which is the same set as Jackie's and Rose's) took place over the following four days in Brandon Estate in Kennington. Extra filming took place at Unit Q2 in Newport, from 20 August to 6 September. On 4 October the clip of Blue Peter presenter Matt Baker baking “spaceship cakes” was recorded in BBC Television Centre Studio 4 in London. This took place during the second production block. During the third production block the final piece of location and studio filming was completed in Unit Q2 and Studio 1, HTV Wales respectively.

Paragraph 25: During the ten years between solo albums Guthrie worked as a composer, scoring music for television ads, films and video games, in addition to his work on the side project Human Highway with Nick Thorburn of Islands. He received acclaim for the music he composed for the 2011 computer and tablet video game, Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP. The score was published as a digital and analogue (vinyl) album, Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies, in April 2011. His work on the project drew the attention of filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot, who asked Guthrie to score their documentary Indie Game: The Movie, using tracks from the album, as well as new original tracks. Guthrie's music has also appeared in several commercials including ads for the ALS Society of Canada and Capital One. On April 15, 2015, a book titled Jim Guthrie: Who Needs What was released.

Paragraph 26: Debabrata Bose reveals to his team members that Kumud has a secret affair with Devyani Dasgupta, the daughter of Hiten Dasgupta who is the officer-in-charge of Bhubabdanga. Fumed with Kumud, his team members think that Kumud is a spy of Hiten Dasgupta and chases him down the tunnel to kill him but Radha finally stands between them and urges not to kill Kumud. They spare him. Hiten Dasgupta keeps torturing Ashok who never yields to say who Kanti Roy is. Hiten Dasgupta brings Ashok's wife Shachi to the cell where Ashok is kept and in front of him several ruffians rape her. Still Ashok does not yield to reveal who Kanti Roy is. Ashok becomes seriously ill with high fever. He keeps muttering to himself and from this Hiten Dasgupta learns that a woman named Radha is involved with this revolutionary activity. Sirajul comes to Debabrata Bose to give him Kanti Roy's letter. Debabrata learns that Hiten Dasgupta has planned to check Radha's house. He along with his team take resort into the tunnel while Radha alone stays up. Hiten Dasgupta comes and discovers a spade, a pitcher and a wooden stuff beneath it in Radha's bedroom. He feels dubious and breaks the pitcher apart. Radha takes a revolver out but accidentally drops it which Hiten Dasgupta at once picks up. Now Radha turns into a fine actress. She narrates the whole plan to Dasgupta and makes him believe that she has been exhausted serving the team and intends to stand out of this. She stealthily poisons a glass of wine and gives it to Dasgupta who drinks it and dies. Kanti Roy arrives at Radha's place and informs everyone that Jackson has planned to go to Dhaka from Bhubandanga; and the night he will leave, an attack has to be launched by them at the steamer port to bombard Jackson along with the port and the oil depot. Kumud changes his mind and decides to stand out of all the revolutionary activities as he intends to settle with his ladylove Debjani. He stealthily goes to Prakash Mukherjee, the new officer-in-charge and reveals the plan of Kanti Roy. Ashok overhears this conversation. He evades through the window of the toilet and shoots Kumud to death on the way back to his home. Prakash Mukherjee comes to check Radha's house where he arrests Debabrata Bose. Radha is compelled to guide him along with his unit through the tunnel where he faces fight-back from the hidden revolutionists. At the same time the rest of the revolutionists under Kanti Roy's leadership charge upon the police at port. Ashok joins them. He sets himself on fire and runs into the oil depot.

Paragraph 27: Battlefield usage of the weapon was significant, but not to the extent of the Maxim weapons. The Bergmann MG 15nA was an important weapon in that it filled a gap in the German armory between the rifle and the heavy machine gun. The only other light machine guns the Imperial German Army fielded before the Bergmann was adopted were the various Madsen machine guns used by the Musketen battalions. In the 1916 Battle of the Somme, the German Army found that they desperately needed a weapon to counter the British Army's Lewis light machine gun. The limited quantities of the Madsen gun only added to the need for a light machine gun. Germany did not produce any Madsens in the First World War and relied almost entirely on captured weaponry. Madsen machine guns were used between a mix of examples captured from a shipment heading to Bulgaria and others supplied by the Austrians. The German Army, reeling from the Battle of the Somme, ordered some 6,000 MG 15nA examples in November 1916. These weapons were distributed to Musketen and other infantry battalions before enough troops could be trained upon the new MG 08/15 in the winter/spring of 1917. The majority of MG 15nA weapons were actually delivered to the Eastern and Palestine fronts where the German Asia Corps made the most significant use of the gun. The limitation of the weapon was that its air-cooled barrel would overheat after 250 rounds of sustained fire. They were therefore grouped into sections in which the tactical positioning allowed the gunners to open fire alternately or were attributed to mobile detachments that did not require long sustained fire. The German Leichtmaschinengewehr Truppen (LMGt) were formed specifically for the weapon. The MG 15nA was a generally reliable gun that served until the manufacture of automatic weaponry was ceased in 1919 under the Treaty of Versailles, but the dominance of the Maxim 08 during the war meant it never acquired much enthusiasm from military officials. The weapon had faded into obscurity by the time the Second World War came about, though some were used by the Republicans during the Spanish Civil War.

Paragraph 28: Carbon monoxide line intensities are calibrated using the room-temperature chopper wheel method and the two-layer atmosphere model of Kutner (1978). At the carbon monoxide signal frequency the atmospheric opacity is appreciable, mostly due to molecular oxygen and water vapor, and corrections to the observed line intensities for signal attenuation must be applied. Kutner's two-layer model of the atmosphere parameterizes the elevation dependence of the correction factor in terms of only 3 parameters, each of which has a physical interpretation. Because oxygen has a much greater scale height than water vapor, the model assumes they can be considered separate layers, oxygen above water, with different characteristic temperatures and opacities. The temperature and opacity of oxygen in the upper atmosphere do not vary much seasonally and are assumed to be constant at 255 K and 0.378, respectively, at the signal frequency. The remaining parameters in the model, the temperature and opacity of water and the fraction of the received power from the sky, are determined through antenna tippings (measurements of the intensity of the sky signal as a function of elevation) at least once per six-hour observing shift, and more frequently if the weather is changing. Typical zenith water opacities ranged from 0.10 to 0.15, with values as low as about 0.05 in the coldest, driest weather. A 1-second calibration is performed at the start of each scan to correct for short term variations of the receiver gain and atmospheric opacity.

Paragraph 29: In 1904 Charles Spearman published a paper that largely founded the field of psychometrics and included a crude form of factor analysis that attempted to determine if a single factor model was appropriate. There was limited subsequent work on factor analysis until Thurstone published a paper in 1931 called Multiple Factor Analysis, which expanded Spearman's single-factor analysis to include more than one factor. In 1932, Hotelling presented a more accurate method of extracting factors, which he called principal components analysis. Thurstone rejected Hotelling's approach because it set the commonalities to 1.0, and Thurstone realized that will introduce distortions to the factor loadings when variables include unique components. Hotelling's method was also limited by the fact that it required too much calculation to be usable with more than about ten variables. A year after Hotelling's paper, Thurstone presented a more efficient way of extracting factors, called the centroid method, which allowed the factor analysis of a far larger number of variables. Later that year he gave his presidential address to the American Psychological Association wherein he presented the results of several factor analyses, including a factor analysis of 60 adjectives describing personality traits, showing how they could be reduced to five personality traits. He also presented analyses of 37 mental health symptoms, of attitudes towards 12 controversial social issues, and of 9 IQ tests. In those analyses, Thurstone had made use of tetrachoric correlation coefficients, a method for estimating continuous variable correlations from dichotomous variables. Tetrachorics require extensive calculations but in early 1933, he and two colleagues at the University of Chicago published a set of computing diagrams that greatly reduce the calculations needed for  those coefficients, another aspect of making his method of factor analysis practical with more than just a few variables. His 1933 presidential address was published in early 1934 with the title Vectors of the Mind. It lacked methodological and mathematical details of his technique, which is then the subject of this book. A 2004 conference called Factor Analysis at 100 produced a book with two chapters that document the historical importance Thurstone's contributions to factor analysis. Thurstone's approach to factor analysis remains an important method in psychological research and it has since been used in numerous other fields of study. It is now considered part of a family of methods for analyzing the covariance structure of variables, which includes principal components analysis, exploratory factor analysis, confirmatory factor analysis, and structural equation modeling.

Paragraph 30: The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language defines Jeremiad as: "a literary work or speech expressing a bitter lament or a righteous prophecy of doom". As well as being form of Lamentation; an utterance of grief or sorrow; a complaining tirade: used with a spice of ridicule or mockery, implying either that the grief itself is unnecessarily great, or that the utterance of it is tediously drawn out and attended with a certain satisfaction to the utterer. Third definition is "a tale of sorrow, disappointment, or complaint; a doleful story; a dolorous tirade; - generally used satirically." Merriam-Webster dictionary defines Jeremiad as "a prolonged lamentation or complaint also : a cautionary or angry harangue.

Paragraph 31: In the mid-18th century, Ahmed bin Sa'id Al Bu Said, who came from a small village in the interior of Oman, expelled the Persian colonizers from Oman and became the elected Imam of Oman, with Rustaq as its capital. Upon Imam Ahmed's death in 1783, the sovereignty of Oman was divided between the coastal side, which followed a hereditary line of succession ruled by Albusaidi Sultans in Muscat, and the interior of Oman, which retained the elective Imamate and later moved its capital from Rustaq to Nizwa. The British Empire was keen to dominate southeast Arabia to stifle the growing dominance of other European powers and counter the emerging maritime strength of the Omani Empire during the 18th and 19th centuries. The British thus made the decision to back the Albusaidi Sultans of Muscat. The British empire established a series of treaties with the Sultans with the objective of advancing British political and economic interest in Muscat, in return for granting protection to the Sultans. The Sultanate eventually became increasingly dependent on British loans and political advice. There were often tensions between the imams and the sultans of Muscat. The dispute between the Imamate and the Sultanate was for the most part political. The Omanis in the interior believed that the ruler should be elected and rejected growing British political and economic control over Muscat and Oman. In 1913, Imam Salim ibn Rashid al-Kharusi instigated an anti-Muscat rebellion that lasted until 1920 when the Imamate established peace with the Sultanate through the signing of Treaty of Seeb. The treaty resulted in a de facto split between Oman and Muscat, wherein the interior part (Oman) was ruled by the Imamate and the coastal part (Muscat) was ruled by the Sultanate. Iraq Petroleum Company, which signed an oil concession with the Sultan of Muscat in 1937, deduced that oil was very likely to exist in the interior regions of Oman. In 1954, a new imam, Ghalib Alhinai, defended the Imamate from the attacks of the Sultanate of Muscat, which was backed by the British government. Sultan Said Bin Taimur of Muscat, with the direct support from the British forces, was able to defeat the Imamate in Jebel Akhdar War that lasted until 1959. The name Muscat and Oman was changed to the Sultanate of Oman in 1970.

Paragraph 32: During the ten years between solo albums Guthrie worked as a composer, scoring music for television ads, films and video games, in addition to his work on the side project Human Highway with Nick Thorburn of Islands. He received acclaim for the music he composed for the 2011 computer and tablet video game, Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP. The score was published as a digital and analogue (vinyl) album, Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies, in April 2011. His work on the project drew the attention of filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot, who asked Guthrie to score their documentary Indie Game: The Movie, using tracks from the album, as well as new original tracks. Guthrie's music has also appeared in several commercials including ads for the ALS Society of Canada and Capital One. On April 15, 2015, a book titled Jim Guthrie: Who Needs What was released.

Paragraph 33: Producers created a new friendship for Dom when they introduced Lofty. When he arrives to work on Keller to work as a nurse, the pair do not like each other. Mead told Emma Bullimore (TVTimes) that Dom has a "frosty side" which he displays when Lofty annoys him. He told Digital Spy's Sophie Dainty that "I think Dom is a strong character and he just can't work out Lofty." Dom cannot believe that Lofty is as nice as he appears. He initially finds him "quite odd and not genuine". Mead added that once Dom better understood Lofty's personality he starts to like him. Dom begins to feel low and takes steroids to make himself feel more confident. Dom begins to behave in an erratic manner and a concerned Lofty informs Sacha. When Lofty learns about Isaac's abuse he offers his support to Dom. Lofty then discovers steroids in Dom's bag and confronts him. He stresses the poor health implications they cause which prompts Dom to deny he has a steroid addiction. Dom and Lofty begin to establish a friendship. Mead told Wilson (What's on TV) that it would be interesting watching their dynamic develop further.Holby City series producer Kate Hall revealed that their friendship would develop into a love story. She stated "It's gorgeous, measured, not rushed and it's respectful of the fact that Dominic has been so badly damaged by Isaac. It's a story about resilience and kindness from Lofty towards Dom." When Sacha accidentally reveals that Lofty is gay, Dom begins to wonder if there is an attraction between them. Mead explained that they had become firm friends and when Lofty buys tickets for a show, Dom thinks it is a date. He tries to kiss Lofty who does not reciprocate. Mead later told Tyler (Inside Soap) that Lofty was shocked by Dom being so forward because he had not noticed his attraction. He turned him down on that basis only, but feels jealous when Dom begins to date Freddie Chapel (Aaron Fontaine). Lofty decides to keep his feelings for Dom a secret. Mead believed this was because Lofty had become "quite protective" of Dom and did not want to complicate their friendship. He added "Lofty doing a U-turn after initially rejecting Dom hasn't helped the situation." When a car accident occurs at a charity race Freddie is injured but Lofty presumes Dom is the casualty. Dom is distraught following the crash and Lofty warns him not to get over invested in Freddie. Dom reacts badly to Lofty interfering in his relationship. Mead explained that Dom struggles to understand why Lofty wants to help him. He believed this was because the abuse Dom suffered from Isaac made him suspicious.

Paragraph 34: St Andrews Church in Aycliffe Village dates back to Saxon times and Church Synods were held there in AD 782 and AD 789. The church is over 1200 years old and was dedicated originally to Saint Acca, chaplain to Saint Wilfred. Some time after his death, a church dedicated to Saint Acca was built here in AD 740, before the dedication was transferred to the current church when it was built in the 10th century. In the church are many stones, thought to date back as far as the 9th and 11th centuries, as well as many medieval stones also. Furthermore, 2 pre-conquest crosses were discovered at the church. The cross titled as “Details of the Crucifixion of our Lord Scene” features a centaur-like creature with a horse's body, head and legs. It is believed that this cross may have some Viking influence. The North aisle of the church was added in the late 12th century and was built by piercing through the old Saxon walls and extending the nave roughly 12 feet to the west. The South aisle of the church was added in the early 13th century using the same technique of piercing through the old Saxon walls, however this resulted in it having oddly shaped arches. The South aisle features a chantry chapel. In the North West corner of the church there is a grave cover, believed to belong to priest, John De Akeley, Rector of Great Stanton and Archdeacon 1311 – 16 (a member of the local Amendeville family). This grave cover is located close to the effigy of a knight dressed in chainmail. The knight is believed to be Sir Thomas de Amundeville de Whitton, Seneschal to Bishop Stickell and Lord of Woodham and Whitworth who died around the year 1305. In the South West corner of the chancel lies another grave cover, of a blacksmith and his wife,  believed to be from the early 14th century. The Jacobean pews in the nave and pulpit are crafted of oak and were created around the year 1630. The tower seen on the church was believed to be built in the early 13th century, at the same time as the South Aisle. The tower was originally topped with a wooden spire, though it has been reported as missing as early in the 15th century. The cause is unknown though is thought to be a fire. In its place, a 4th storey was built, to accommodate bells. Henry VIII’s Commissioners found “two bells in the steeple”.  These were later removed when Aycliffe was occupied by Cromwell’s troop.  Two of the bells now in the tower were made in 1664 and the third in 1869. In 1881 & 1882, a major restoration project took place, involving removing the plaster from the walls, restoring the nave and chancel roofs, renewing the aisle roof, adding the organ chamber and adding the vestry.

Paragraph 35: St Andrews Church in Aycliffe Village dates back to Saxon times and Church Synods were held there in AD 782 and AD 789. The church is over 1200 years old and was dedicated originally to Saint Acca, chaplain to Saint Wilfred. Some time after his death, a church dedicated to Saint Acca was built here in AD 740, before the dedication was transferred to the current church when it was built in the 10th century. In the church are many stones, thought to date back as far as the 9th and 11th centuries, as well as many medieval stones also. Furthermore, 2 pre-conquest crosses were discovered at the church. The cross titled as “Details of the Crucifixion of our Lord Scene” features a centaur-like creature with a horse's body, head and legs. It is believed that this cross may have some Viking influence. The North aisle of the church was added in the late 12th century and was built by piercing through the old Saxon walls and extending the nave roughly 12 feet to the west. The South aisle of the church was added in the early 13th century using the same technique of piercing through the old Saxon walls, however this resulted in it having oddly shaped arches. The South aisle features a chantry chapel. In the North West corner of the church there is a grave cover, believed to belong to priest, John De Akeley, Rector of Great Stanton and Archdeacon 1311 – 16 (a member of the local Amendeville family). This grave cover is located close to the effigy of a knight dressed in chainmail. The knight is believed to be Sir Thomas de Amundeville de Whitton, Seneschal to Bishop Stickell and Lord of Woodham and Whitworth who died around the year 1305. In the South West corner of the chancel lies another grave cover, of a blacksmith and his wife,  believed to be from the early 14th century. The Jacobean pews in the nave and pulpit are crafted of oak and were created around the year 1630. The tower seen on the church was believed to be built in the early 13th century, at the same time as the South Aisle. The tower was originally topped with a wooden spire, though it has been reported as missing as early in the 15th century. The cause is unknown though is thought to be a fire. In its place, a 4th storey was built, to accommodate bells. Henry VIII’s Commissioners found “two bells in the steeple”.  These were later removed when Aycliffe was occupied by Cromwell’s troop.  Two of the bells now in the tower were made in 1664 and the third in 1869. In 1881 & 1882, a major restoration project took place, involving removing the plaster from the walls, restoring the nave and chancel roofs, renewing the aisle roof, adding the organ chamber and adding the vestry.

Paragraph 36: After the tournament, Miceli asked WWF management to bring in new women for her to wrestle. In mid-1994, Bull Nakano joined the WWF roster and began feuding with Blayze. Blayze defeated Nakano at SummerSlam, but lost the belt to her on November 20, 1994, in Japan at the Big Egg Wrestling Universe event. Five months later on April 3, 1995, Blayze regained the title from Nakano on an edition of Monday Night Raw. As part of the storyline, immediately following the win, she was attacked by Bertha Faye, who broke her nose. According to Rhonda Sing (Faye), the storyline was written so Miceli could take time off to get breast implants and a nose job. She returned to the ring in August 1995, losing the Women's Championship to Faye at SummerSlam on August 27. Two months later, she won the title a third time, defeating Faye on October 23. In December, due to financial troubles the WWF was having at the time she was released from her contract and was stripped of the title following her jump to rival company World Championship Wrestling, and the WWF Women's Championship remained vacant until 1998. Miceli was blacklisted by the WWF for the next 20 years, owing to her participation in a controversial incident upon returning to WCW during which she dropped the WWF Women's championship belt into a trash can.

Paragraph 37: An ex-thief who used her skills from the age of 6 to survive. She is aged around 15 to 16 and is very agile and strong. Kotobuki does not like to act spoiled. She is a war orphan, a 'nameless one', and as such has compassion for other orphans like her. She was  raised in an orphanage by a gentle woman named Ann, who she viewed as her 'mother'. The orphanage was burnt down while Kotobuki was out getting Ann medicine, leaving her the sole survivor. She then takes up thievery in order to survive, and is very talented at it though she dislikes it. She meets Raimon during her time as a thief, and though he initially annoys her she ends up falling in love with him. During the story Kotobuki's goal is to find Tsubasa so she can wish the bomb out of his head. She temporarily leaves Raimon while visiting ancient Japan to find Tsubasa, while he must stay due to his bomb. Hil ends up falling in love with Kotobuki as he sees her as a replacement for Ann. At the end, Hil tells her that if she becomes his he would deactivate Raimon's bomb. Hil tries to seduce her several times throughout the story. Kotobuki goes to rescue Raimon after he is kidnapped by the military, and succeeds with the help of Shouka's gang, Yan, and Phere. At the end, Raimon and Kotobuki are engaged to be married.

Paragraph 38: Chapters 1-3 of Book II continue the discussion of semen from the end of Book I. As a result of questioning potential ways in which the particular parts of animals might come to be formed, such as semen containing small versions of the bodily organs, before settling on the idea that semen contributes the potential (dunamis) for the parts to come into being as they are. This is the basis for the imparting of the soul upon the material substratum present in the egg, as the female reproductive residue itself contains no active principle for the motion required to form an embryo. Aristotle’s conception of the soul should not be mistaken for one which takes the soul to be a non-physical substance separate to the body. It instead comprises the ability for some function to be performed, which in the case of bodily development means the ability for organs to perform their bodily functions. Scholar Devin Henry describes Aristotle’s view as follows:"Aristotelian souls are not the sorts of things that are capable of being implanted in bodily organs from without (except perhaps intellectual soul). Soul is not an extra ingredient added to the organ over-and-above its structure. Once there is a properly constructed organ it straightaway possess the corresponding soul-function in virtue of its structure."The generative capacity of semen in imparting the soul is its heat, with semen itself being “a compound of breath and water”. It is the component of breath (pneuma) that shapes the material provided by the female into the correct form.

Paragraph 39: Chapters 1-3 of Book II continue the discussion of semen from the end of Book I. As a result of questioning potential ways in which the particular parts of animals might come to be formed, such as semen containing small versions of the bodily organs, before settling on the idea that semen contributes the potential (dunamis) for the parts to come into being as they are. This is the basis for the imparting of the soul upon the material substratum present in the egg, as the female reproductive residue itself contains no active principle for the motion required to form an embryo. Aristotle’s conception of the soul should not be mistaken for one which takes the soul to be a non-physical substance separate to the body. It instead comprises the ability for some function to be performed, which in the case of bodily development means the ability for organs to perform their bodily functions. Scholar Devin Henry describes Aristotle’s view as follows:"Aristotelian souls are not the sorts of things that are capable of being implanted in bodily organs from without (except perhaps intellectual soul). Soul is not an extra ingredient added to the organ over-and-above its structure. Once there is a properly constructed organ it straightaway possess the corresponding soul-function in virtue of its structure."The generative capacity of semen in imparting the soul is its heat, with semen itself being “a compound of breath and water”. It is the component of breath (pneuma) that shapes the material provided by the female into the correct form.

Paragraph 40: During the ten years between solo albums Guthrie worked as a composer, scoring music for television ads, films and video games, in addition to his work on the side project Human Highway with Nick Thorburn of Islands. He received acclaim for the music he composed for the 2011 computer and tablet video game, Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP. The score was published as a digital and analogue (vinyl) album, Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies, in April 2011. His work on the project drew the attention of filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot, who asked Guthrie to score their documentary Indie Game: The Movie, using tracks from the album, as well as new original tracks. Guthrie's music has also appeared in several commercials including ads for the ALS Society of Canada and Capital One. On April 15, 2015, a book titled Jim Guthrie: Who Needs What was released.