Paragraph 1: Joe Nemechek took the lead on lap one, though Ryan Newman led for the next 48 laps. Carl Edwards led for four laps before losing the lead to Newman during a caution period for oil on the track; Bobby Labonte was the beneficiary, allowing him to gain back a lap. From laps 54 to 74, Newman and Edwards led 10 and 11 laps, respectively, before Mark Martin led for 41 laps. Jimmie Johnson led briefly for four laps from 116 to 119, before Martin reclaimed the lead on lap 120; 18 laps later, Bobby Labonte spun in turn 2, bringing out the second caution, and allowing Casey Mears to regain a lap. Martin would lead until lap 178, when another oil caution was called, Greg Biffle the beneficiary, with Michael Waltrip leading lap 179, before Martin reclaimed the lead. Johnson and Nemechek led laps 237 and 238-239, respectively, until Martin led for another 70 laps; during Martin's lead, another oil caution was waved on lap 287 with Jeff Burton getting a lap back, and on lap 301, Kevin Harvick stalled on pit road; Biffle was once again the beneficiary. Johnson led for two laps until lap 312, when Dale Earnhardt Jr. crashed on the backstretch after Edwards made contact with him, allowing Kasey Kahne to lead for four laps. Brian Vickers was the beneficiary of the caution. On the final restart, Johnson took the lead from Jeff Burton, and led for the remainder of the race. With 9 laps to go, things started to get crazy behind Johnson. 6 cars with those being Jeff Burton, Michael Waltrip (whose 1 lap down), Carl Edwards, Mark Martin, Joe Nemechek, and Ryan Newman began to race hard behind Johnson. The 6 drivers came off of turn 4 going 3 by 3 down the front stretch. With 8 to go off of turn 2, Jeff Burton slid up the race track in front of Ryan Newman and somehow never wrecked. Johnson beat Martin by 0.293 seconds. The win was Johnson's 13th career Cup win, seventh of 2004, first at Atlanta, and third consecutive, making him the first driver to win three straight races since Hendrick teammate Jeff Gordon in 1998–1999, and the first to do so in a season since Gordon during the 1998 season. Martin finished second, and the top five consisted of Edwards, Nemechek, and Kahne; Burton, Vickers, Jamie McMurray, Tony Stewart, and Biffle rounded out the top ten.

Paragraph 2: After successful defenses against Player Uno, Dasher Hatfield, Soldier Ant and Frightmare, Tim Donst was forced to vacate the Young Lions Cup on August 27 in time for the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. Due to Sanchez's mental instability, BDK hand picked Lince Dorado as the follower to Donst and the next Young Lions Cup Champion. He entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament on August 28 and first defeated Gregory Iron in a singles match and then Adam Cole, Cameron Skyy, Keita Yano, Obariyon and Ophidian in a six-way elimination match to make it to the finals of the tournament. However, the following day Dorado was defeated in the finals by Frightmare, after BDK referee Derek Sabato was knocked unconscious and Chikara referee Bryce Remsburg ran in and performed a three count to give Chikara its first major victory over BDK. The weekend also saw the debut of Wink Vavasseur, an internal auditor hired by the Chikara Board of Directors to keep an eye on VonSteigerwalt. On September 18 at Eye to Eye BDK made their third defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas by defeating 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) two falls to one, the first time Ares and Castagnoli had dropped a fall in their title matches. The following day at Through Savage Progress Cuts the Jungle Line Pinkie Sanchez failed in his attempt to bring the Young Lions Cup back to BDK, when he was defeated in the title match by Frightmare. After dominating the first half of 2010, BDK managed to win only three out of the ten matches they were participating in during the weekend. On October 23 Ares captained BDK members Castagnoli, Delirious, Del Rey, Donst, Haze, Sanchez and Tursas to the torneo cibernetico match, where they faced Team Chikara, represented by captain UltraMantis Black, Eddie Kingston, Hallowicked, Icarus, Jigsaw, Mike Quackenbush, STIGMA and Vökoder). During the match Vökoder was unmasked as Larry Sweeney, who then proceeded to eliminate Sanchez from the match, before being eliminated himself by Castagnoli. Also during the match Quackenbush managed to counter the inverted Chikara Special, which Donst had used to eliminate Icarus and Jigsaw, into the original Chikara Special to force his former pupil to submit. The final four participants in the match were Castagnoli and Tursas for BDK and UltraMantis Black and Eddie Kingston for Chikara. After Tursas eliminated UltraMantis, Castagnoli got himself disqualified by low blowing Kingston. Kingston, however, managed to come back and pinned Tursas to win the match for Chikara. The following day Ares and Castagnoli defeated Amasis and Ophidian of The Osirian Portal to make their fourth successful defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas. Meanwhile, Sara Del Rey and Daizee Haze defeated the Super Smash Bros. (Player Uno and Player Dos) to earn their third point and the right to challenge for the championship. While Del Rey and Haze were toying with the idea of cashing their points and challenging Ares and Castagnoli, the champions told them their only job was to make sure no one else in Chikara was able to gain three points. On November 21 Del Rey and Haze competed in a four–way elimination match with Mike Quackenbush and Jigsaw, The Osirian Portal and F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Chuck Taylor). After surviving the first two eliminations, Jigsaw pinned Haze to not only take away her and Del Rey's points, but also to earn himself and Quackenbush three points and the right to challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. At the same event Ares defeated longtime rival UltraMantis Black in a Falls Count Anywhere match.

Paragraph 3: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 4: Pitt was then employed by John Fairfax and Sons for their new paper, The Sun-Herald, where he produced a new science fiction comic strip, Captain Power, with the storyline provided by journalist Gerry Brown, the first issue appearing on 6 March 1949. Captain Power relied heavily on super-hero style costumes and gadgets for its impact. He continued to illustrate the strip until June 1950, when the pressure of other work saw him pass the strip onto Peter James. At the time Pitt commenced illustrating Yarmak-Jungle King comics, for Young's Merchandising, in November 1949, which he continued until June 1952. Yarmak was a Tarzan imitation, with the comic illustrated by Pitt and inked at various stages by Frank and Jimmy Ashley and Paul Wheelahan, with the stories written by Frank Ashley or Pitt's younger brother, Reginald. The quality of the comic varied from issue to issue given the number of people involved in its production. Together with his brother, Reginald, he attempted to get two strips, Lemmy Caution and Mr Midnight, syndicated in the United States, when this failed he joined Cleveland Press in 1956, where he created a new series of Silver Starr. During his time at Cleveland Press, Pitt produced over 3,000 pulp fiction covers. The two brothers then commenced work on a new comic, Gully Foyle. Gully Foyle was conceived by Reginald, based on Alfred Bester's novel The Stars My Destination.  According to writer Kevin Patrick, Stan and Reginald's process involved producing black and white bromide photo prints that Stan then coloured by hand; these were then forwarded to Bester in the United States for approval. According to Patrick, the brothers completed several months of the comic strip for potential syndication but then faced a legal objection from the producers of a proposed film version of The Stars My Destination, who held exclusive adaptation rights to the book. Unable to sell Gully Foyle, the brothers stopped work on the project, with only a few pieces of their artwork eventually making it into the public domain, through a number of fan magazines. As a result of his artwork on the unpublished Gully Foyle, Pitt was approached by two US publishers to handle comic book work for them. Pitt then became the first Australian artist to have original material published in an American comic book, with the publication of The Witching Hour No. 14 (National Periodical Publications, Inc) and Boris Karloff – Tales of Mystery No. 33 (Western Publishing).

Paragraph 5: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 6: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 7: In 1915, prior to a state road system in the state of Indiana, the Hoosier Dixie Highway ran along some of what later became part of SR 15. The Hoosier Dixie Highway ran from the Ohio state line, in West Harrison, to the Michigan state line north of Goshen. When the state of Indiana started the state road system the SR 15 designation went from Indianapolis to SR 25, east of Michigan City, passing through Logansport and La Porte. At this time the modern corridor of SR 15 was part of SR 27. In 1926 the Indiana Highway Commission renumber most roads with this renumber the SR 15 designation was moved east to its modern corridor. This highway ran from Marion to Goshen, routed along SR 13 between Wabash and North Manchester. Then the SR 15 designation turned west along modern SR 114 to a point south of Silver Lake where SR 15 turned north along its modern route. At this time the original route of SR 15 became part SR 29. During 1928 the roadway between Milford and New Paris was rerouted to its modern route. This realignment straightened the road and eliminated two railroad crossings with the Big Four Railroad. In 1930 the designation was extended north to the Michigan state line. An authorized state road along modern SR 15 between Wabash and SR 114, just south of Sliver Lake, was added in late 1932. This route became part of the state road system in 1934. Within the next year the entire route of SR 15 became a high type of driving surface. Between 1949 and 1950 SR 15 was rerouted between La Fontaine and Wabash, passing through Treaty. The road was extended south from Marion to Jonesboro, along the former route of SR 21, in either 1950 or 1951.

Paragraph 8: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 9: The HardSID cards are based on the MOS Technology SID (Sound Interface Device) chip which was popularised and immortalized by the Commodore 64 home computer. It was the third non-Commodore SID-based device to enter market (the first was the SID Symphony from Creative Micro Designs and the second was the SidStation MIDI synthesiser, by Elektron). HardSID's major advantage over SidStation (apart from the fact that the SidStation has been sold out long since, with only few used pieces surfacing now and then) is that it is a simple hardware interface to a SID chip, making it far more suitable for emulator use, SID music players and even direct programming - SidStation only responds to MIDI information and requires music events to be converted to MIDI and back.

Paragraph 10: Scottow finally returned to the same subject almost 40 years later in 1694. This was less than two years after the infamous trials at Salem, which he addresses at length in his, Narrative of the Planting making this work an important contemporary source. Scottow again seems to come down on the side of presumed innocence and against the accusers whose testimony was fickle and inconsistent ("said, and unsaid"). He further blames a departure from the non-superstitious theology taught by Jean Calvin ("Geneva") and embraced by the earlier teachers:, "Can it be rationally supposed:? that had we not receded from having Pastors, Teachers, and Ruling Elders, and Churches doing their duty as formerly... that the Roaring Lion [the father of lies] could have gained so much ground upon us..." Scottow includes a tally, "...above two hundred accused, one hundred imprisoned, thirty condemned, and twenty executed."  In the previous decade, Increase Mather and his son Cotton Mather, had both been industrious in New England's government and written several enthusiastic books on witchcraft. Scottow was also a close neighbor to one of the judges Samuel Sewall. In bringing the witchcraft trials to an end, Scottow seems to give credit to the relatively un-zealous leadership of the swashbuckling and non-literary governor, the native born William Phips "who being divinely destined, and humanely commissioned, to be the pilot and steersman of this poor be-misted and be-fogged vessel in the Mare Mortuum and mortiforous sea of witchcraft, and fascination; by heaven's conduct according to the integrity of his heart, not trusting the helm in any other hand, he being by God and their Majesties be-trusted therewith, he so happily shaped, and steadily steered her course, as she escaped shipwreck... cutting asunder the Circean knot of Inchantment... hath extricated us out of the winding and crooked labyrinth of Hell's meander."

Paragraph 11: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 12: In late 1984, Morris first appeared in the WWF as a wrestling fan known as "Big Jim" who routinely sat in the front row of live events and who eventually decided to try his hand at wrestling himself. After appearing as a guest on Piper's Pit, Rowdy Roddy Piper offered his services to train him, though he eventually chose to be "trained"' by WWF Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan instead of the heel Piper. A series of vignettes were aired on WWF's TV programming in the early weeks of 1985, showing Hogan training Jim and providing him with his first set of wrestling boots. This introduced the character of Hillbilly Jim; a simple-minded, shaggy-bearded Appalachian hillbilly clad in bib overalls, and hailing from Mud Lick, Kentucky. Hillbilly Jim appeared in a few tag team matches with friend Hulk Hogan and had his first high-profile singles match at The War to Settle the Score event on February 18, 1985 in which he defeated Rene Goulet. However, Morris was sidelined by an injury a few days later. At a show in San Diego, he appeared in Hogan's corner in a match between Hogan and Brutus Beefcake. While chasing Beefcake's manager Johnny V around ringside, Morris slipped on a wet spot and injured his knee. To help fill in the six months during his recovery, similarly dressed "family" members Uncle Elmer, Cousin Luke, and Cousin Junior were introduced for Morris to accompany to ringside as a manager. 

Paragraph 13: In 1849 Whyte-Melville was the subject of a summons for maintenance by Elizabeth Gibbs, described as "a smartly-dressed and interesting looking young woman", who alleged that he was the father of her son. She stated that she had known Whyte-Melville since December 1846 and that she had given birth to his child on 15 September 1847. The Magistrate read some letters stated by Gibbs to be from Whyte-Melville, in one of which the writer expressed his wish that Gibbs would fix the paternity unto some other person as he did not wish to pay for the pleasure of others. The Magistrate found for the defendant as the written evidence could not be proved to be in Whyte-Melville's hand, but allowed the complainant to apply for a further summons in order to obtain proof. Gibbs testified that since the child was born, she had received £10 from Whyte-Melville, and he had offered her two sums of £5, on condition that she surrender his letters to her, and sign a disclaimer on further claims. The case continued on 25 September 1849. Gibbs' landlady, supported by her servant, testified that Gibbs was in the habit at the time of receiving visits from other gentlemen, particularly two, one of whom had paid for the nurse and supported Gibbs during her confinement. The magistrate said that there had definitely been perjury on one side or the other and dismissed the summons.

Paragraph 14: Joe Nemechek took the lead on lap one, though Ryan Newman led for the next 48 laps. Carl Edwards led for four laps before losing the lead to Newman during a caution period for oil on the track; Bobby Labonte was the beneficiary, allowing him to gain back a lap. From laps 54 to 74, Newman and Edwards led 10 and 11 laps, respectively, before Mark Martin led for 41 laps. Jimmie Johnson led briefly for four laps from 116 to 119, before Martin reclaimed the lead on lap 120; 18 laps later, Bobby Labonte spun in turn 2, bringing out the second caution, and allowing Casey Mears to regain a lap. Martin would lead until lap 178, when another oil caution was called, Greg Biffle the beneficiary, with Michael Waltrip leading lap 179, before Martin reclaimed the lead. Johnson and Nemechek led laps 237 and 238-239, respectively, until Martin led for another 70 laps; during Martin's lead, another oil caution was waved on lap 287 with Jeff Burton getting a lap back, and on lap 301, Kevin Harvick stalled on pit road; Biffle was once again the beneficiary. Johnson led for two laps until lap 312, when Dale Earnhardt Jr. crashed on the backstretch after Edwards made contact with him, allowing Kasey Kahne to lead for four laps. Brian Vickers was the beneficiary of the caution. On the final restart, Johnson took the lead from Jeff Burton, and led for the remainder of the race. With 9 laps to go, things started to get crazy behind Johnson. 6 cars with those being Jeff Burton, Michael Waltrip (whose 1 lap down), Carl Edwards, Mark Martin, Joe Nemechek, and Ryan Newman began to race hard behind Johnson. The 6 drivers came off of turn 4 going 3 by 3 down the front stretch. With 8 to go off of turn 2, Jeff Burton slid up the race track in front of Ryan Newman and somehow never wrecked. Johnson beat Martin by 0.293 seconds. The win was Johnson's 13th career Cup win, seventh of 2004, first at Atlanta, and third consecutive, making him the first driver to win three straight races since Hendrick teammate Jeff Gordon in 1998–1999, and the first to do so in a season since Gordon during the 1998 season. Martin finished second, and the top five consisted of Edwards, Nemechek, and Kahne; Burton, Vickers, Jamie McMurray, Tony Stewart, and Biffle rounded out the top ten.

Paragraph 15: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 16: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 17: In 1849 Whyte-Melville was the subject of a summons for maintenance by Elizabeth Gibbs, described as "a smartly-dressed and interesting looking young woman", who alleged that he was the father of her son. She stated that she had known Whyte-Melville since December 1846 and that she had given birth to his child on 15 September 1847. The Magistrate read some letters stated by Gibbs to be from Whyte-Melville, in one of which the writer expressed his wish that Gibbs would fix the paternity unto some other person as he did not wish to pay for the pleasure of others. The Magistrate found for the defendant as the written evidence could not be proved to be in Whyte-Melville's hand, but allowed the complainant to apply for a further summons in order to obtain proof. Gibbs testified that since the child was born, she had received £10 from Whyte-Melville, and he had offered her two sums of £5, on condition that she surrender his letters to her, and sign a disclaimer on further claims. The case continued on 25 September 1849. Gibbs' landlady, supported by her servant, testified that Gibbs was in the habit at the time of receiving visits from other gentlemen, particularly two, one of whom had paid for the nurse and supported Gibbs during her confinement. The magistrate said that there had definitely been perjury on one side or the other and dismissed the summons.

Paragraph 18: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 19: In the ninth series, Harry reinstates Lucas as chief of Section D; this makes Lucas responsible for the integration of two new team members into the section, Beth Bailey (Sophia Myles) and Dimitri Levendis (Max Brown). Vaughn returns and hands Lucas a briefcase with possessions from his life before MI5, including photographs of him and Maya Lahan. When he visits her, however, she is so shocked at his reappearance and angry over his letting her believe him dead that at first she wants nothing to do with him. Later, Vaughn promises to leave Lucas alone in exchange for an MI5 file on "Albany"; Lucas eventually hands him what he believes is the file. Believing he is free from Vaughn, Lucas persuades Maya to restart their relationship. However, it is revealed the file was not Albany, though it leads to the location of the actual file. Vaughn forces Lucas to find the file, which is in the possession of former Section D member Malcolm Wynn-Jones (Hugh Simon). After convincing Malcolm to give him the file, Lucas hands it over to Vaughn, but it is soon discovered that this file, too, is a fake, and Malcolm has abandoned the house where he and Lucas had met. To force Lucas to continue seeking the file hand Vaughn kidnaps Maya. By this time, Harry Pearce has discovered that Lucas is not who he claims to be. Arrested and questioned, Lucas admits his true identity and his past, but convinces Harry to save Maya. A mortally wounded Vaughn is able to "wake up" Lucas' true persona, who he was before MI5. Believing Harry may not honour the deal they have worked out, Lucas intends to leave the country after getting his hands on the Albany file. The file is revealed to contain directions for building a genetic weapon that Vaughn has agreed to sell to the Chinese. After Lucas acquires the real file from Harry in exchange for team member Ruth Evershed, whom he has kidnapped, Maya is killed while he is trying to escape with her. He delivers the file to the Chinese agents anyway and intends to kill Harry for revenge. During their roof-top confrontation, Lucas learns that Albany is an elaborate deception; the genetic weapon is unworkable. Lucas then forces Harry to turn around, as if he is about to execute him. Instead, Lucas throws himself from the roof, to his death.

Paragraph 20: George Butler noted that Wells did not give any detailed description of the historical development by which his Utopian world came about. Moreover, "The historical information which Wells does provide is highly misleading," such as "The reference in Chapter 9 to "a history in which Jesus Christ had been born into a liberal and progressive Roman Empire that spread from the Arctic Ocean to the Bight of Benin, and was to know no Decline and Fall." Unfortunately, the world Wells actually depicts in Modern Utopia just does not fit this historical framework. There is no Roman Emperor reigning in Rome or Constantinople or anywhere else, nor the slightest vestige of an Imperial Administration from which this world order supposedly developed; nobody speaks Latin or any Latin-derived language except for the French language familiar from our world; there are recognizable English, French, German and Swiss people; we see a recognizable London, a recognizable Paris is mentioned though not visited, and numerous Swiss cities and towns are there, complete with famous historical landmarks which date to the Middle Ages; and in Westminster there is a kind of Parliamentary Assembly which evidently took the place of an English or British Parliament. Internal evidence strongly points to a history in which the Roman Empire did fall as it did in our history, Europe experienced the same Middle Ages we know, and its history diverged from ours at some later time. On the other hand, this London does not have a Trafalgar Square, and there is no city square at all at this location – suggesting that the Napoleonic Wars did not happen, there was no Battle of Trafalgar and no square named for it, and that London's urban development was already significantly different by the later 18th Century. (...) Tentatively, one can assume that the society of "Samurais" depicted in the book arose in the 16th or 17th Century, waged its decisive struggle against the Old Order in the 18th Century and consolidated its global rule by the early 19th – so that when we see it in the beginning of the 20th Century, it already had a century of uncontested power in which to thoroughly remake the world in its own image. (...) Use of the term "Samurai" implies some familiarity with Japanese culture and society. However, these "Samurais" have only the most loose and vague resemblance to the historical Samurai of Feudal Japan; what we see is clearly an institution founded by Westerners, borrowing a Japanese term for their own purposes."

Paragraph 21: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 22: In 1915, prior to a state road system in the state of Indiana, the Hoosier Dixie Highway ran along some of what later became part of SR 15. The Hoosier Dixie Highway ran from the Ohio state line, in West Harrison, to the Michigan state line north of Goshen. When the state of Indiana started the state road system the SR 15 designation went from Indianapolis to SR 25, east of Michigan City, passing through Logansport and La Porte. At this time the modern corridor of SR 15 was part of SR 27. In 1926 the Indiana Highway Commission renumber most roads with this renumber the SR 15 designation was moved east to its modern corridor. This highway ran from Marion to Goshen, routed along SR 13 between Wabash and North Manchester. Then the SR 15 designation turned west along modern SR 114 to a point south of Silver Lake where SR 15 turned north along its modern route. At this time the original route of SR 15 became part SR 29. During 1928 the roadway between Milford and New Paris was rerouted to its modern route. This realignment straightened the road and eliminated two railroad crossings with the Big Four Railroad. In 1930 the designation was extended north to the Michigan state line. An authorized state road along modern SR 15 between Wabash and SR 114, just south of Sliver Lake, was added in late 1932. This route became part of the state road system in 1934. Within the next year the entire route of SR 15 became a high type of driving surface. Between 1949 and 1950 SR 15 was rerouted between La Fontaine and Wabash, passing through Treaty. The road was extended south from Marion to Jonesboro, along the former route of SR 21, in either 1950 or 1951.

Paragraph 23: Gilliam was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 11th round of the 1972 NFL Draft, the 273rd overall pick.  His first NFL game came on November 5, 1972 when he came on in relief of Terry Bradshaw in a blowout win over the Cincinnati Bengals with Pittsburgh's regular backup quarterback Terry Hanratty injured.  He made his first regular season start on Monday Night Football, during a week 12 game against the Miami Dolphins on December 3, 1973. (The game was a disaster for Gilliam: he threw just seven passes, all incomplete and three intercepted by Dick Anderson, including one for a Miami touchdown.) Prior to the 1974 regular season, Steelers head coach Chuck Noll stated that the starting quarterback position was "wide open" among Terry Bradshaw, Gilliam, and Terry Hanratty. Gilliam outperformed the other two in the 1974 pre-season and Noll named Gilliam the starting quarterback, the first African American quarterback to start a season opener after the AFL–NFL merger in 1970. After a 30–0 win in the season opener over Baltimore, he was featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated. Although he was 4-1-1 in the first six games, he was benched in late October for his lackluster performance and ignoring team rules and game plans. In particular, Gilliam ran afoul of Chuck Noll for his excessive number of pass plays. During the Week 2 game against Denver Broncos, he threw a record 50 passes and almost totally ignored the run game, leading to a 35–35 tie. In Week 3, Gilliam delivered a terrible performance with only 8 completed passes in 31 attempts and 2 interceptions, leading to the Steelers suffering the humiliation of a home shutout by arch-rival Oakland Raiders. After fans began demanding Terry Bradshaw's return, Gilliam was benched. He also received numerous death threats, some of them racially charged. Bradshaw returned as the starter on Monday night in week 7 and led the team to a win in Super Bowl IX, the first of four Super Bowl championships with him at the helm of the offense. "He gave me my job back," Bradshaw told sportscaster James Brown on a February 2000 edition of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel on HBO. "It's not like I beat him out." He spent most of the 1975 season as the backup quarterback to Bradshaw but was demoted to 3rd string quarterback behind Hanratty after a poor performance at the end of the season against the Los Angeles Rams and missing some team meetings. The 1975 season was his last on an NFL roster, as the team repeated as champions in Super Bowl X.

Paragraph 24: In the ninth series, Harry reinstates Lucas as chief of Section D; this makes Lucas responsible for the integration of two new team members into the section, Beth Bailey (Sophia Myles) and Dimitri Levendis (Max Brown). Vaughn returns and hands Lucas a briefcase with possessions from his life before MI5, including photographs of him and Maya Lahan. When he visits her, however, she is so shocked at his reappearance and angry over his letting her believe him dead that at first she wants nothing to do with him. Later, Vaughn promises to leave Lucas alone in exchange for an MI5 file on "Albany"; Lucas eventually hands him what he believes is the file. Believing he is free from Vaughn, Lucas persuades Maya to restart their relationship. However, it is revealed the file was not Albany, though it leads to the location of the actual file. Vaughn forces Lucas to find the file, which is in the possession of former Section D member Malcolm Wynn-Jones (Hugh Simon). After convincing Malcolm to give him the file, Lucas hands it over to Vaughn, but it is soon discovered that this file, too, is a fake, and Malcolm has abandoned the house where he and Lucas had met. To force Lucas to continue seeking the file hand Vaughn kidnaps Maya. By this time, Harry Pearce has discovered that Lucas is not who he claims to be. Arrested and questioned, Lucas admits his true identity and his past, but convinces Harry to save Maya. A mortally wounded Vaughn is able to "wake up" Lucas' true persona, who he was before MI5. Believing Harry may not honour the deal they have worked out, Lucas intends to leave the country after getting his hands on the Albany file. The file is revealed to contain directions for building a genetic weapon that Vaughn has agreed to sell to the Chinese. After Lucas acquires the real file from Harry in exchange for team member Ruth Evershed, whom he has kidnapped, Maya is killed while he is trying to escape with her. He delivers the file to the Chinese agents anyway and intends to kill Harry for revenge. During their roof-top confrontation, Lucas learns that Albany is an elaborate deception; the genetic weapon is unworkable. Lucas then forces Harry to turn around, as if he is about to execute him. Instead, Lucas throws himself from the roof, to his death.

Paragraph 25: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 26: George Butler noted that Wells did not give any detailed description of the historical development by which his Utopian world came about. Moreover, "The historical information which Wells does provide is highly misleading," such as "The reference in Chapter 9 to "a history in which Jesus Christ had been born into a liberal and progressive Roman Empire that spread from the Arctic Ocean to the Bight of Benin, and was to know no Decline and Fall." Unfortunately, the world Wells actually depicts in Modern Utopia just does not fit this historical framework. There is no Roman Emperor reigning in Rome or Constantinople or anywhere else, nor the slightest vestige of an Imperial Administration from which this world order supposedly developed; nobody speaks Latin or any Latin-derived language except for the French language familiar from our world; there are recognizable English, French, German and Swiss people; we see a recognizable London, a recognizable Paris is mentioned though not visited, and numerous Swiss cities and towns are there, complete with famous historical landmarks which date to the Middle Ages; and in Westminster there is a kind of Parliamentary Assembly which evidently took the place of an English or British Parliament. Internal evidence strongly points to a history in which the Roman Empire did fall as it did in our history, Europe experienced the same Middle Ages we know, and its history diverged from ours at some later time. On the other hand, this London does not have a Trafalgar Square, and there is no city square at all at this location – suggesting that the Napoleonic Wars did not happen, there was no Battle of Trafalgar and no square named for it, and that London's urban development was already significantly different by the later 18th Century. (...) Tentatively, one can assume that the society of "Samurais" depicted in the book arose in the 16th or 17th Century, waged its decisive struggle against the Old Order in the 18th Century and consolidated its global rule by the early 19th – so that when we see it in the beginning of the 20th Century, it already had a century of uncontested power in which to thoroughly remake the world in its own image. (...) Use of the term "Samurai" implies some familiarity with Japanese culture and society. However, these "Samurais" have only the most loose and vague resemblance to the historical Samurai of Feudal Japan; what we see is clearly an institution founded by Westerners, borrowing a Japanese term for their own purposes."

Paragraph 27: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 28: In late 1984, Morris first appeared in the WWF as a wrestling fan known as "Big Jim" who routinely sat in the front row of live events and who eventually decided to try his hand at wrestling himself. After appearing as a guest on Piper's Pit, Rowdy Roddy Piper offered his services to train him, though he eventually chose to be "trained"' by WWF Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan instead of the heel Piper. A series of vignettes were aired on WWF's TV programming in the early weeks of 1985, showing Hogan training Jim and providing him with his first set of wrestling boots. This introduced the character of Hillbilly Jim; a simple-minded, shaggy-bearded Appalachian hillbilly clad in bib overalls, and hailing from Mud Lick, Kentucky. Hillbilly Jim appeared in a few tag team matches with friend Hulk Hogan and had his first high-profile singles match at The War to Settle the Score event on February 18, 1985 in which he defeated Rene Goulet. However, Morris was sidelined by an injury a few days later. At a show in San Diego, he appeared in Hogan's corner in a match between Hogan and Brutus Beefcake. While chasing Beefcake's manager Johnny V around ringside, Morris slipped on a wet spot and injured his knee. To help fill in the six months during his recovery, similarly dressed "family" members Uncle Elmer, Cousin Luke, and Cousin Junior were introduced for Morris to accompany to ringside as a manager. 

Paragraph 29: In 1849 Whyte-Melville was the subject of a summons for maintenance by Elizabeth Gibbs, described as "a smartly-dressed and interesting looking young woman", who alleged that he was the father of her son. She stated that she had known Whyte-Melville since December 1846 and that she had given birth to his child on 15 September 1847. The Magistrate read some letters stated by Gibbs to be from Whyte-Melville, in one of which the writer expressed his wish that Gibbs would fix the paternity unto some other person as he did not wish to pay for the pleasure of others. The Magistrate found for the defendant as the written evidence could not be proved to be in Whyte-Melville's hand, but allowed the complainant to apply for a further summons in order to obtain proof. Gibbs testified that since the child was born, she had received £10 from Whyte-Melville, and he had offered her two sums of £5, on condition that she surrender his letters to her, and sign a disclaimer on further claims. The case continued on 25 September 1849. Gibbs' landlady, supported by her servant, testified that Gibbs was in the habit at the time of receiving visits from other gentlemen, particularly two, one of whom had paid for the nurse and supported Gibbs during her confinement. The magistrate said that there had definitely been perjury on one side or the other and dismissed the summons.

Paragraph 30: Gilliam was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 11th round of the 1972 NFL Draft, the 273rd overall pick.  His first NFL game came on November 5, 1972 when he came on in relief of Terry Bradshaw in a blowout win over the Cincinnati Bengals with Pittsburgh's regular backup quarterback Terry Hanratty injured.  He made his first regular season start on Monday Night Football, during a week 12 game against the Miami Dolphins on December 3, 1973. (The game was a disaster for Gilliam: he threw just seven passes, all incomplete and three intercepted by Dick Anderson, including one for a Miami touchdown.) Prior to the 1974 regular season, Steelers head coach Chuck Noll stated that the starting quarterback position was "wide open" among Terry Bradshaw, Gilliam, and Terry Hanratty. Gilliam outperformed the other two in the 1974 pre-season and Noll named Gilliam the starting quarterback, the first African American quarterback to start a season opener after the AFL–NFL merger in 1970. After a 30–0 win in the season opener over Baltimore, he was featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated. Although he was 4-1-1 in the first six games, he was benched in late October for his lackluster performance and ignoring team rules and game plans. In particular, Gilliam ran afoul of Chuck Noll for his excessive number of pass plays. During the Week 2 game against Denver Broncos, he threw a record 50 passes and almost totally ignored the run game, leading to a 35–35 tie. In Week 3, Gilliam delivered a terrible performance with only 8 completed passes in 31 attempts and 2 interceptions, leading to the Steelers suffering the humiliation of a home shutout by arch-rival Oakland Raiders. After fans began demanding Terry Bradshaw's return, Gilliam was benched. He also received numerous death threats, some of them racially charged. Bradshaw returned as the starter on Monday night in week 7 and led the team to a win in Super Bowl IX, the first of four Super Bowl championships with him at the helm of the offense. "He gave me my job back," Bradshaw told sportscaster James Brown on a February 2000 edition of Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel on HBO. "It's not like I beat him out." He spent most of the 1975 season as the backup quarterback to Bradshaw but was demoted to 3rd string quarterback behind Hanratty after a poor performance at the end of the season against the Los Angeles Rams and missing some team meetings. The 1975 season was his last on an NFL roster, as the team repeated as champions in Super Bowl X.

Paragraph 31: Scottow finally returned to the same subject almost 40 years later in 1694. This was less than two years after the infamous trials at Salem, which he addresses at length in his, Narrative of the Planting making this work an important contemporary source. Scottow again seems to come down on the side of presumed innocence and against the accusers whose testimony was fickle and inconsistent ("said, and unsaid"). He further blames a departure from the non-superstitious theology taught by Jean Calvin ("Geneva") and embraced by the earlier teachers:, "Can it be rationally supposed:? that had we not receded from having Pastors, Teachers, and Ruling Elders, and Churches doing their duty as formerly... that the Roaring Lion [the father of lies] could have gained so much ground upon us..." Scottow includes a tally, "...above two hundred accused, one hundred imprisoned, thirty condemned, and twenty executed."  In the previous decade, Increase Mather and his son Cotton Mather, had both been industrious in New England's government and written several enthusiastic books on witchcraft. Scottow was also a close neighbor to one of the judges Samuel Sewall. In bringing the witchcraft trials to an end, Scottow seems to give credit to the relatively un-zealous leadership of the swashbuckling and non-literary governor, the native born William Phips "who being divinely destined, and humanely commissioned, to be the pilot and steersman of this poor be-misted and be-fogged vessel in the Mare Mortuum and mortiforous sea of witchcraft, and fascination; by heaven's conduct according to the integrity of his heart, not trusting the helm in any other hand, he being by God and their Majesties be-trusted therewith, he so happily shaped, and steadily steered her course, as she escaped shipwreck... cutting asunder the Circean knot of Inchantment... hath extricated us out of the winding and crooked labyrinth of Hell's meander."

Paragraph 32: The HardSID cards are based on the MOS Technology SID (Sound Interface Device) chip which was popularised and immortalized by the Commodore 64 home computer. It was the third non-Commodore SID-based device to enter market (the first was the SID Symphony from Creative Micro Designs and the second was the SidStation MIDI synthesiser, by Elektron). HardSID's major advantage over SidStation (apart from the fact that the SidStation has been sold out long since, with only few used pieces surfacing now and then) is that it is a simple hardware interface to a SID chip, making it far more suitable for emulator use, SID music players and even direct programming - SidStation only responds to MIDI information and requires music events to be converted to MIDI and back.

Paragraph 33: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 34: After successful defenses against Player Uno, Dasher Hatfield, Soldier Ant and Frightmare, Tim Donst was forced to vacate the Young Lions Cup on August 27 in time for the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. Due to Sanchez's mental instability, BDK hand picked Lince Dorado as the follower to Donst and the next Young Lions Cup Champion. He entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament on August 28 and first defeated Gregory Iron in a singles match and then Adam Cole, Cameron Skyy, Keita Yano, Obariyon and Ophidian in a six-way elimination match to make it to the finals of the tournament. However, the following day Dorado was defeated in the finals by Frightmare, after BDK referee Derek Sabato was knocked unconscious and Chikara referee Bryce Remsburg ran in and performed a three count to give Chikara its first major victory over BDK. The weekend also saw the debut of Wink Vavasseur, an internal auditor hired by the Chikara Board of Directors to keep an eye on VonSteigerwalt. On September 18 at Eye to Eye BDK made their third defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas by defeating 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) two falls to one, the first time Ares and Castagnoli had dropped a fall in their title matches. The following day at Through Savage Progress Cuts the Jungle Line Pinkie Sanchez failed in his attempt to bring the Young Lions Cup back to BDK, when he was defeated in the title match by Frightmare. After dominating the first half of 2010, BDK managed to win only three out of the ten matches they were participating in during the weekend. On October 23 Ares captained BDK members Castagnoli, Delirious, Del Rey, Donst, Haze, Sanchez and Tursas to the torneo cibernetico match, where they faced Team Chikara, represented by captain UltraMantis Black, Eddie Kingston, Hallowicked, Icarus, Jigsaw, Mike Quackenbush, STIGMA and Vökoder). During the match Vökoder was unmasked as Larry Sweeney, who then proceeded to eliminate Sanchez from the match, before being eliminated himself by Castagnoli. Also during the match Quackenbush managed to counter the inverted Chikara Special, which Donst had used to eliminate Icarus and Jigsaw, into the original Chikara Special to force his former pupil to submit. The final four participants in the match were Castagnoli and Tursas for BDK and UltraMantis Black and Eddie Kingston for Chikara. After Tursas eliminated UltraMantis, Castagnoli got himself disqualified by low blowing Kingston. Kingston, however, managed to come back and pinned Tursas to win the match for Chikara. The following day Ares and Castagnoli defeated Amasis and Ophidian of The Osirian Portal to make their fourth successful defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas. Meanwhile, Sara Del Rey and Daizee Haze defeated the Super Smash Bros. (Player Uno and Player Dos) to earn their third point and the right to challenge for the championship. While Del Rey and Haze were toying with the idea of cashing their points and challenging Ares and Castagnoli, the champions told them their only job was to make sure no one else in Chikara was able to gain three points. On November 21 Del Rey and Haze competed in a four–way elimination match with Mike Quackenbush and Jigsaw, The Osirian Portal and F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Chuck Taylor). After surviving the first two eliminations, Jigsaw pinned Haze to not only take away her and Del Rey's points, but also to earn himself and Quackenbush three points and the right to challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. At the same event Ares defeated longtime rival UltraMantis Black in a Falls Count Anywhere match.

Paragraph 35: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 36: George Butler noted that Wells did not give any detailed description of the historical development by which his Utopian world came about. Moreover, "The historical information which Wells does provide is highly misleading," such as "The reference in Chapter 9 to "a history in which Jesus Christ had been born into a liberal and progressive Roman Empire that spread from the Arctic Ocean to the Bight of Benin, and was to know no Decline and Fall." Unfortunately, the world Wells actually depicts in Modern Utopia just does not fit this historical framework. There is no Roman Emperor reigning in Rome or Constantinople or anywhere else, nor the slightest vestige of an Imperial Administration from which this world order supposedly developed; nobody speaks Latin or any Latin-derived language except for the French language familiar from our world; there are recognizable English, French, German and Swiss people; we see a recognizable London, a recognizable Paris is mentioned though not visited, and numerous Swiss cities and towns are there, complete with famous historical landmarks which date to the Middle Ages; and in Westminster there is a kind of Parliamentary Assembly which evidently took the place of an English or British Parliament. Internal evidence strongly points to a history in which the Roman Empire did fall as it did in our history, Europe experienced the same Middle Ages we know, and its history diverged from ours at some later time. On the other hand, this London does not have a Trafalgar Square, and there is no city square at all at this location – suggesting that the Napoleonic Wars did not happen, there was no Battle of Trafalgar and no square named for it, and that London's urban development was already significantly different by the later 18th Century. (...) Tentatively, one can assume that the society of "Samurais" depicted in the book arose in the 16th or 17th Century, waged its decisive struggle against the Old Order in the 18th Century and consolidated its global rule by the early 19th – so that when we see it in the beginning of the 20th Century, it already had a century of uncontested power in which to thoroughly remake the world in its own image. (...) Use of the term "Samurai" implies some familiarity with Japanese culture and society. However, these "Samurais" have only the most loose and vague resemblance to the historical Samurai of Feudal Japan; what we see is clearly an institution founded by Westerners, borrowing a Japanese term for their own purposes."

Paragraph 37: In the midst of recording the band went through membership changes, with drummer Nash Breen and guitarist PJ DeCicco, both of whom were cousins of Jorgensen and members of Prevent Falls, joining shortly at the end of August 2002. They then supported Midtown on their US tour in September 2002. Demos of songs that would feature on the album were hosted on Armor for Sleep's website, namely of the songs "All Warm", "Being Your Walls", "The Wanderers Guild" and "Slip Like Space". Armor for Sleep formally announced their signing to Equal Vision on January 18, 2003. In February, the group went on tour with Hey Mercedes. Shortly afterwards, they performed at the South by Southwest music conference. In March and April, the band toured across the US with Northstar, This Day Forward, and Breaking Pangaea, leading to an appearance at Skate and Surf Fest. In May and June, the group went on tour with A Static Lullaby, Time in Malta and the Bled, and performed at The Bamboozle festival. Dream to Make Believe was released through Equal Vision on June 3, 2003; a release show was held for a crowd of 500 people. The Japanese edition included the bonus track "Pointless Forever".

Paragraph 38: Pitt was then employed by John Fairfax and Sons for their new paper, The Sun-Herald, where he produced a new science fiction comic strip, Captain Power, with the storyline provided by journalist Gerry Brown, the first issue appearing on 6 March 1949. Captain Power relied heavily on super-hero style costumes and gadgets for its impact. He continued to illustrate the strip until June 1950, when the pressure of other work saw him pass the strip onto Peter James. At the time Pitt commenced illustrating Yarmak-Jungle King comics, for Young's Merchandising, in November 1949, which he continued until June 1952. Yarmak was a Tarzan imitation, with the comic illustrated by Pitt and inked at various stages by Frank and Jimmy Ashley and Paul Wheelahan, with the stories written by Frank Ashley or Pitt's younger brother, Reginald. The quality of the comic varied from issue to issue given the number of people involved in its production. Together with his brother, Reginald, he attempted to get two strips, Lemmy Caution and Mr Midnight, syndicated in the United States, when this failed he joined Cleveland Press in 1956, where he created a new series of Silver Starr. During his time at Cleveland Press, Pitt produced over 3,000 pulp fiction covers. The two brothers then commenced work on a new comic, Gully Foyle. Gully Foyle was conceived by Reginald, based on Alfred Bester's novel The Stars My Destination.  According to writer Kevin Patrick, Stan and Reginald's process involved producing black and white bromide photo prints that Stan then coloured by hand; these were then forwarded to Bester in the United States for approval. According to Patrick, the brothers completed several months of the comic strip for potential syndication but then faced a legal objection from the producers of a proposed film version of The Stars My Destination, who held exclusive adaptation rights to the book. Unable to sell Gully Foyle, the brothers stopped work on the project, with only a few pieces of their artwork eventually making it into the public domain, through a number of fan magazines. As a result of his artwork on the unpublished Gully Foyle, Pitt was approached by two US publishers to handle comic book work for them. Pitt then became the first Australian artist to have original material published in an American comic book, with the publication of The Witching Hour No. 14 (National Periodical Publications, Inc) and Boris Karloff – Tales of Mystery No. 33 (Western Publishing).

Paragraph 39: In 1849 Whyte-Melville was the subject of a summons for maintenance by Elizabeth Gibbs, described as "a smartly-dressed and interesting looking young woman", who alleged that he was the father of her son. She stated that she had known Whyte-Melville since December 1846 and that she had given birth to his child on 15 September 1847. The Magistrate read some letters stated by Gibbs to be from Whyte-Melville, in one of which the writer expressed his wish that Gibbs would fix the paternity unto some other person as he did not wish to pay for the pleasure of others. The Magistrate found for the defendant as the written evidence could not be proved to be in Whyte-Melville's hand, but allowed the complainant to apply for a further summons in order to obtain proof. Gibbs testified that since the child was born, she had received £10 from Whyte-Melville, and he had offered her two sums of £5, on condition that she surrender his letters to her, and sign a disclaimer on further claims. The case continued on 25 September 1849. Gibbs' landlady, supported by her servant, testified that Gibbs was in the habit at the time of receiving visits from other gentlemen, particularly two, one of whom had paid for the nurse and supported Gibbs during her confinement. The magistrate said that there had definitely been perjury on one side or the other and dismissed the summons.

Paragraph 40: Succinate dehydrogenase complex subunit C, also known as succinate dehydrogenase cytochrome b560 subunit, mitochondrial, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SDHC gene. This gene encodes one of four nuclear-encoded subunits that comprise succinate dehydrogenase, also known as mitochondrial complex II, a key enzyme complex of the tricarboxylic acid cycle and aerobic respiratory chains of mitochondria. The encoded protein is one of two integral membrane proteins that anchor other subunits of the complex, which form the catalytic core, to the inner mitochondrial membrane. There are several related pseudogenes for this gene on different chromosomes. Mutations in this gene have been associated with pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas. Alternatively spliced transcript variants have been described.

Paragraph 41: Speaking at the first Gatwick Airport Consultative Committee (Gatcom) meeting since GIP's takeover of the airport (held on 28 January 2010 at Crawley's Arora Hotel), Gatwick's chairman Sir David Rowlands ruled out building a second runway for the foreseeable future, citing the high cost of the associated planning application – estimated to be between £100 million and £200 million – as the main reason for the new owners' lack of interest. At that meeting, Gatwick chief executive Stewart Wingate stressed GIP's preference for increasing the existing runway's capacity and confirmed GIP's plans to request an increase in the current limit on the permitted number of take-offs and landings. However, in 2012, Gatwick's new owners reversed their initial lack of interest in building a second runway at the airport for the foreseeable future. On 3 December 2012, chief executive Stewart Wingate argued in front of the House of Commons Transport Select Committee that allowing Gatwick to add a second runway to relieve the growing airport capacity shortage in the South East of England once the agreement with West Sussex County Council preventing it from doing so had expired in 2019 served the interests of the 12 million people living in its catchment area better than building a third runway at Heathrow or a new four-runway hub airport in the Thames Estuary. In support of his argument, Wingate stated that expanding Heathrow or building a new hub in the Thames Estuary was more environmentally damaging, more expensive, less practical and risked negating the benefits of ending common ownership of Gatwick, Heathrow and Stansted by the erstwhile BAA. Wingate contrasted this with the greater range of flights and improved connectivity including to hitherto un-/underserved emerging markets that would result from a second runway at Gatwick by the mid-2020s as this would enable it to compete with Heathrow on an equal footing to increase consumer choice and reduce fares. In this context, Wingate also accused his counterpart at Heathrow, Colin Matthews, of overstating the importance of transfer traffic by pointing to research by the International Air Transport Association (IATA). This counts the number of air travel bookings made by passengers passing through the IATA-designated London area airports and shows that only 7% of these passengers actually change flights there. Wingate believes this to be a more accurate measure of the share of passengers accounted for by transfer traffic at these airports than the more widely used alternative based on survey data collated by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). The CAA survey data relies on the number of passengers changing flights at these airports as reported by the airlines to the airport authorities and shows that fewer than 20% of all passengers actually change flights there.

Paragraph 42: Scottow finally returned to the same subject almost 40 years later in 1694. This was less than two years after the infamous trials at Salem, which he addresses at length in his, Narrative of the Planting making this work an important contemporary source. Scottow again seems to come down on the side of presumed innocence and against the accusers whose testimony was fickle and inconsistent ("said, and unsaid"). He further blames a departure from the non-superstitious theology taught by Jean Calvin ("Geneva") and embraced by the earlier teachers:, "Can it be rationally supposed:? that had we not receded from having Pastors, Teachers, and Ruling Elders, and Churches doing their duty as formerly... that the Roaring Lion [the father of lies] could have gained so much ground upon us..." Scottow includes a tally, "...above two hundred accused, one hundred imprisoned, thirty condemned, and twenty executed."  In the previous decade, Increase Mather and his son Cotton Mather, had both been industrious in New England's government and written several enthusiastic books on witchcraft. Scottow was also a close neighbor to one of the judges Samuel Sewall. In bringing the witchcraft trials to an end, Scottow seems to give credit to the relatively un-zealous leadership of the swashbuckling and non-literary governor, the native born William Phips "who being divinely destined, and humanely commissioned, to be the pilot and steersman of this poor be-misted and be-fogged vessel in the Mare Mortuum and mortiforous sea of witchcraft, and fascination; by heaven's conduct according to the integrity of his heart, not trusting the helm in any other hand, he being by God and their Majesties be-trusted therewith, he so happily shaped, and steadily steered her course, as she escaped shipwreck... cutting asunder the Circean knot of Inchantment... hath extricated us out of the winding and crooked labyrinth of Hell's meander."

Paragraph 43: After successful defenses against Player Uno, Dasher Hatfield, Soldier Ant and Frightmare, Tim Donst was forced to vacate the Young Lions Cup on August 27 in time for the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. Due to Sanchez's mental instability, BDK hand picked Lince Dorado as the follower to Donst and the next Young Lions Cup Champion. He entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament on August 28 and first defeated Gregory Iron in a singles match and then Adam Cole, Cameron Skyy, Keita Yano, Obariyon and Ophidian in a six-way elimination match to make it to the finals of the tournament. However, the following day Dorado was defeated in the finals by Frightmare, after BDK referee Derek Sabato was knocked unconscious and Chikara referee Bryce Remsburg ran in and performed a three count to give Chikara its first major victory over BDK. The weekend also saw the debut of Wink Vavasseur, an internal auditor hired by the Chikara Board of Directors to keep an eye on VonSteigerwalt. On September 18 at Eye to Eye BDK made their third defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas by defeating 3.0 (Scott Parker and Shane Matthews) two falls to one, the first time Ares and Castagnoli had dropped a fall in their title matches. The following day at Through Savage Progress Cuts the Jungle Line Pinkie Sanchez failed in his attempt to bring the Young Lions Cup back to BDK, when he was defeated in the title match by Frightmare. After dominating the first half of 2010, BDK managed to win only three out of the ten matches they were participating in during the weekend. On October 23 Ares captained BDK members Castagnoli, Delirious, Del Rey, Donst, Haze, Sanchez and Tursas to the torneo cibernetico match, where they faced Team Chikara, represented by captain UltraMantis Black, Eddie Kingston, Hallowicked, Icarus, Jigsaw, Mike Quackenbush, STIGMA and Vökoder). During the match Vökoder was unmasked as Larry Sweeney, who then proceeded to eliminate Sanchez from the match, before being eliminated himself by Castagnoli. Also during the match Quackenbush managed to counter the inverted Chikara Special, which Donst had used to eliminate Icarus and Jigsaw, into the original Chikara Special to force his former pupil to submit. The final four participants in the match were Castagnoli and Tursas for BDK and UltraMantis Black and Eddie Kingston for Chikara. After Tursas eliminated UltraMantis, Castagnoli got himself disqualified by low blowing Kingston. Kingston, however, managed to come back and pinned Tursas to win the match for Chikara. The following day Ares and Castagnoli defeated Amasis and Ophidian of The Osirian Portal to make their fourth successful defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas. Meanwhile, Sara Del Rey and Daizee Haze defeated the Super Smash Bros. (Player Uno and Player Dos) to earn their third point and the right to challenge for the championship. While Del Rey and Haze were toying with the idea of cashing their points and challenging Ares and Castagnoli, the champions told them their only job was to make sure no one else in Chikara was able to gain three points. On November 21 Del Rey and Haze competed in a four–way elimination match with Mike Quackenbush and Jigsaw, The Osirian Portal and F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Chuck Taylor). After surviving the first two eliminations, Jigsaw pinned Haze to not only take away her and Del Rey's points, but also to earn himself and Quackenbush three points and the right to challenge for the Campeonatos de Parejas. At the same event Ares defeated longtime rival UltraMantis Black in a Falls Count Anywhere match.

Paragraph 44: In late 1984, Morris first appeared in the WWF as a wrestling fan known as "Big Jim" who routinely sat in the front row of live events and who eventually decided to try his hand at wrestling himself. After appearing as a guest on Piper's Pit, Rowdy Roddy Piper offered his services to train him, though he eventually chose to be "trained"' by WWF Heavyweight Champion Hulk Hogan instead of the heel Piper. A series of vignettes were aired on WWF's TV programming in the early weeks of 1985, showing Hogan training Jim and providing him with his first set of wrestling boots. This introduced the character of Hillbilly Jim; a simple-minded, shaggy-bearded Appalachian hillbilly clad in bib overalls, and hailing from Mud Lick, Kentucky. Hillbilly Jim appeared in a few tag team matches with friend Hulk Hogan and had his first high-profile singles match at The War to Settle the Score event on February 18, 1985 in which he defeated Rene Goulet. However, Morris was sidelined by an injury a few days later. At a show in San Diego, he appeared in Hogan's corner in a match between Hogan and Brutus Beefcake. While chasing Beefcake's manager Johnny V around ringside, Morris slipped on a wet spot and injured his knee. To help fill in the six months during his recovery, similarly dressed "family" members Uncle Elmer, Cousin Luke, and Cousin Junior were introduced for Morris to accompany to ringside as a manager. 