Paragraph 1: American Laser Games was a company based in Albuquerque, New Mexico that created numerous light gun laserdisc video games featuring live action full motion video. The company was founded in the late 1980s by Robert Grebe, who had originally created a system to train police officers under the company name ICAT (Institute for Combat Arms and Tactics) and later adapted the technology for arcade games. Its first hit game was Mad Dog McCree, a light gun shooter set in the American Old West. By mid-1995 they were recognized as the leading company in the medium of laserdisc-based arcade games. Almost all arcade games released by the company were light gun shooters and a number of them also had an Old West theme.

Paragraph 2: Sontag was accused of plagiarism by Ellen Lee, who discovered at least twelve passages in the 387-page book that were similar to passages in four other books about Modjeska, including My Mortal Enemy, a novel by Willa Cather. (Cather wrote: "When Oswald asked her to propose a toast, she put out her long arm, lifted her glass, and looking into the blur of the candlelight with a grave face, said: 'To my coun-n-try!'" Sontag wrote, "When asked to propose a toast, she put out her long arm, lifted her glass, and looking into the blur of the candlelight, crooned, 'To my new country!'" "Country," muttered Miss Collingridge. "Not 'coun-n-try.'") The quotations were presented without credit or attribution. Sontag said about using the passages, "All of us who deal with real characters in history transcribe and adopt original sources in the original domain. I've used these sources and I've completely transformed them. I have these books. I've looked at these books. There's a larger argument to be made that all of literature is a series of references and allusions."

Paragraph 3: Credit for the format is widely given to Todd Storz, who was the director of radio station KOWH-AM in Omaha, Nebraska in 1951.  At that time typical AM radio programming consisted largely of full-service "block programming": pre-scheduled, sponsored programs of a wide variety, including radio dramas and variety shows.  Local popular music hits, if they made it on the air at all, had to be worked in between these segments.  Storz noted the great response certain songs got from the record-buying public and compared it to the way certain selections on jukeboxes were played over and over.  He expanded his domain of radio stations, purchasing WTIX-AM in New Orleans, Louisiana, gradually converted his stations to an all-hits format, and pioneered the practice of surveying record stores to determine which singles were popular each week.  Storz found that the more people heard a given song on the radio or from the jukebox, the more likely they were to buy a copy; a conclusion not obvious in the industry at the time.  In 1952 he purchased what was then WLAF-AM in Lafayette, Indiana and constructed WAZY-AM/FM which is still the longest running top 40 FM station in existence to this day. In 1954, Storz purchased WHB-AM, a high-powered station in Kansas City, Missouri which could be heard throughout the Midwest and Great Plains, converted it to an all-hits format, and dubbed the result "top 40".  Shortly thereafter WHB debuted the first "top 40 countdown", a reverse-order playing of the station's ranking of hit singles for that week.  Within a few years, top 40 stations appeared all over the country to great success, spurred by the burgeoning popularity of rock and roll music, especially that of Elvis Presley. A 1950s employee at WHB, Ruth Meyer, went on to have tremendous success in the early to mid-60's as program director of New York's premiere top 40 station at that time, WMCA.

Paragraph 4: After Gilly eventually starts a relationship with Steph, she is diagnosed with cervical cancer and initially keeps the news a secret from him. Stenson said of Steph's reasoning, "With Gilly, she's embarrassed and doesn't want him to look after her." Speaking of the storyline Quinlan said during an interview with Inside Soap, "I think Gilly's really gutted that he didn't get together with Steph sooner - he wasted so much time with Cheryl and Jem, when really he was in love with her." At one point, Steph cancels her wedding to Gilly because he cannot accept she is dying. Of this Quinlan said, "His denial is not helping her. She's tying to take this in her stride and wants to spend quality time with the people she loves before she goes. She tells him he has to accept she's going to die or the wedding is off. and she hands back her engagement ring." Quinlan has also said that he was eager for the pair to marry because of the "tear jerking" scenes it would create. Steph was killed off during a special week of episodes dubbed "fire week". The cast filmed many stunts themselves, and Quinlan filmed scenes in front of a burning set, and said that he "was very manly about it" whilst filming a ladder rescue scene. Gilly's immediate grief resulted in the characters name trending on Twitter, about which Quinlan said, "So glad that the ep had the impact that was desired! Buzzing Gilly is trended again!" Gilly's grief is made worse because of Steph deciding to die prematurely. Quinlan said, "He's grieving - he just can't understand why she took her life like that." He added that Gilly's grief turns to anger because he cannot get the answers to his questions. Quinlan wanted Gilly to take a different route, saying, "I'd like to see Gilly go down a bit of a different route because he’s been a bit of a push-over in the past. I'd like to see his character progress a bit more and I'd like to see a side of him that we haven't seen before." Gilly's grief continued to worsen with Quinlan adding, "The poor guy's heading off on a very dark journey that I'm sure he'll live to regret." As Gilly is still so angry, at Steph's funeral, the director of the episode asked Quinlan not to cry at all during the ceremony. Quinlan added, "It was all so heartfelt, though, that I broke down for real a few times - and I think that's going to come across in the final episode."

Paragraph 5: He won renown in the Hundred Years' War, fighting in many engagements, including the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. He was an English envoy at the Council of Constance in 1415. In 1417 he was made admiral of the fleet. On the death of Henry V he was an executor of Henry's will and a member of Protector Gloucester's council. He attended the conference at Arras in 1435, and was a Member of the House of Lords sitting as Baron Hungerford from January 1436 until his death in 1449. From 1426 to 1432, he served as Lord High Treasurer. Hungerford's tenure as Treasurer occurred during the Great Bullion Famine and the beginning of the Great Slump in England.

Paragraph 6: Blasingame enjoyed his best season in 1957, when he hit .271 and posted career-highs in home runs (8), RBI (58), runs (101), hits (176) and stolen bases (21, third in the league). His first home run eventually came on May 12, against Red Murff, though it was in a 10–4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves. September 4, he had an even better game against the Braves. With the game tied 4–4 in the 12th inning, Blasingame hit a double against Don McMahon with one out. He then stole third base, forcing McMahon to intentionally walk the next two hitters to set up a force play. An error by Bob Hazle allowed Blasingame to score, giving the Cardinals a 5–4 win. Another highlight came on June 12 that year, when he had four RBIs, including a two-RBI single in the 10th inning, helping the Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10–3 in the first game of a doubleheader. Used as a leadoff man, Blasingame led the National League (NL) with 650 at bats. Defensively in 1957, Blasingame led  NL second basemen in assists and double plays. He tied for 12th in NL Most Valuable Player Award voting after the season, with Ed Bouchee of the Philadelphia Phillies.

Paragraph 7: American Laser Games was a company based in Albuquerque, New Mexico that created numerous light gun laserdisc video games featuring live action full motion video. The company was founded in the late 1980s by Robert Grebe, who had originally created a system to train police officers under the company name ICAT (Institute for Combat Arms and Tactics) and later adapted the technology for arcade games. Its first hit game was Mad Dog McCree, a light gun shooter set in the American Old West. By mid-1995 they were recognized as the leading company in the medium of laserdisc-based arcade games. Almost all arcade games released by the company were light gun shooters and a number of them also had an Old West theme.

Paragraph 8: Skirmish Flat Lick August 17 (detachment). Skirmish at Slaughterville, Kentucky, September 3, 1862 (detachment). Munfordville September 20–21 (detachment). Pursuit of Bragg through Kentucky October 1–22. 1st Battalion to Litchfield and skirmish with Bragg. 2nd Battalion to Bardstown and skirmish with Wheeler. 3rd Battalion to Stanford. 1st Battalion ordered to Louisa, Kentucky, November 14, then to Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, December 9. Regiment concentrated at Lebanon, Kentucky, December 1862. Operations against John Hunt Morgan December 22, 1862 to January 2, 1863. Near Huntington December 27. Parker's Mills on Elk Fork December 28. Affair Springfield December 30 (detachment). Muldraugh's Hill near New Market December 31. Ordered to Nashville, Tennessee, January 30, then to Franklin, Tennessee, and duty there until June. Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12. Thompson's Station March 9. Rutherford Creek March 10–11. Near Thompson's Station March 23. Little Harpeth River March 25. Near Franklin March 31. Franklin April 27. Thompson's Station May 2. Moved to Triune June 2–4. Franklin June 4. Triune June 9. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. University Depot July 4. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Expedition to Athens, Alabama, August 2–8. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Alpine, Georgia, September 5. Summerville September 6–7 and 10. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Buell's Ford September 28. Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 17. At Caperton's Ferry until January 1864. Lafayette, Georgia, December 12, 1863. Ringgold December 13. Scout to Lafayette December 21–23. Regiment veteranized January 1864, and veterans on furlough until March. Near Chattanooga, until May. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Guarding railroad in rear of the army at Wauhatchie, Lafayette, Calhoun, Dalton, and Resaca. At Wauhatchie, Tennessee, May 5 to June 18. At Lafayette, June 18 to August 4. Summerville July 7. Actions at Lafayette June 24 and 30. Scouting about Calhoun, Adairsville, and Resaca until October 12. Pine Log Creek near Fairmount August 14. Rousseau's pursuit of Joseph Wheeler September 1–8. Resaca October 12–13. Near Summerville October 18. Little River, Alabama, October 20. Leesburg October 21. Ladiga, Terrapin Creek, October 28. Moved to Louisville, Kentucky, November 3–9. McCook's pursuit of Lyon December 6–28. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, December 16. At Nashville, Tennessee, until January 9. Moved to Gravelly Springs, Alabama, and duty there until March. Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw, Alabama, to Macon, Georgia, March 22-April 24. Centerville April 1. Trion April 1. Selma April 2. Northport near Tuscaloosa April 4. Lapier's Mills, Sipsey Creek, April 6. King's Store April 6 (Company D). Occupation of Talladega April 22. Munford's Station April 23. At Macon until June. Moved to Nashville, and duty in District of Middle Tennessee until September. Non-veterans mustered out at Edgefield July 14, 1865.

Paragraph 9: Until about 1938 or 1940, during the time of the Third Reich, there was a Jewish community in Argenschwang. It arose in the mid 18th century, although there might have been a few Jews living in the village as early as the 16th and 17th centuries. In 1858, 66 of Argenschwang's inhabitants were Jewish, accounting for 14% of the population. In 1895, there were 48 Jews living in Argenschwang (11%). Also belonging to Argenschwang's Jewish community were Jewish inhabitants in Spabrücken and Spall. It is believed, though, that the Jews living in Spabrücken had in the 19th century at first belonged to the small Jewish community in Schöneberg. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Former synagogue below), a Jewish school, a mikveh and a graveyard (see Jewish graveyard below). To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired for a time, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet. In the First World War, four men from Argenschwang's Jewish community fell in battle (Max Salomon, Moritz Schwarz, Leopold Gamiel and Heinrich Wolf). Their names now appear on the memorial stone for the fallen of both world wars across the street from the former synagogue. About 1924, when the community still consisted of 30 persons in eight families (7.8% of some 450 inhabitants), the head of the community was Jakob Gamiel. Twelve persons living in Spabrücken then also counted themselves as members of the community, and also by this time, the 18 Jews living in Wallhausen had been grouped together with the Argenschwang community. In 1932, the head of the community was Jakob Gamiel III. In the 1931/1932 school year, six Jewish children received religious instruction. In 1933, the year when Adolf Hitler and the Nazis seized power, there were still 29 Jews living in Argenschwang (out of 385 inhabitants all together). In the years that followed, though, some of the Jews emigrated in the face of the boycotting of their businesses, the progressive stripping of their rights and repression, all brought about by the Nazis. On Kristallnacht (9–10 November 1938), Leopold Wolf's and Abraham Schwarz's houses over in Spabrücken were invaded and thoroughly demolished by Brownshirt thugs. According to Yad Vashem’s lists and information from the work Gedenkbuch - Opfer der Verfolgung der Juden unter der nationalsozialistischen Gewaltherrschaft in Deutschland 1933-1945 (“Memorial Book – Victims of the Persecution of Jews under the National Socialist Tyranny in Germany 1933-1945”), the following members of Argenschwang's Jewish community fell victim to the Holocaust (along with their birth years):

Paragraph 10: In his third season IFK Göteborg went into the season as one of the big favorites to win Allsvenskan and as the national champions would attempt to qualify to UEFA Champions League. The season came off to a flying start as IFK Göteborg won Supercupen with Wallerstedt as the big hero with two goals in the 3–1 win. The goal form continued to the league opener against Malmö FF where he found the net to secure a draw. The rest of the season was tougher for the striker as he had a hard time finding playing time as a striker, often placed on the bench and when on the pitch usually finding himself on the left midfield instead of as a striker. This was attributed to the rise of new star Robin Söder and to managers Stefan Rehn and Jonas Olsson preferring the speed injected by Tobias Hysén rather than Wallerstedt's strength. He did, however, participate in 28 games (17 starts), once again proving his competence in front of goal ending the season as club's top scorer in Allsvenskan with 7 goals and helped the team to earn the 3rd place. The team also won Svenska Cupen, managing to beat the league champions Kalmar FF in the final after a penalty shoot-out. During the fall of 2008 IFK Göteborg was also a part of the qualification for the UEFA Champions League and Wallerstedt played his first game in the tournament in the first qualification round against San Marinian side S.S. Murata when he came in as a second-half substitute, replacing Robin Söder up front. His first (and so far only) goal came in the second game against Murata when he scored the third goal in the 4–0 home win (9–0 total). IFK Göteborg was eliminated in the second qualifying round without Wallerstedt playing a single minute. After the season, he was rumoured to be unsatisfied with the amount of playing time and was linked with several clubs, including local rivals Örgryte IS and former club GIF Sundsvall.

Paragraph 11: Skirmish Flat Lick August 17 (detachment). Skirmish at Slaughterville, Kentucky, September 3, 1862 (detachment). Munfordville September 20–21 (detachment). Pursuit of Bragg through Kentucky October 1–22. 1st Battalion to Litchfield and skirmish with Bragg. 2nd Battalion to Bardstown and skirmish with Wheeler. 3rd Battalion to Stanford. 1st Battalion ordered to Louisa, Kentucky, November 14, then to Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, December 9. Regiment concentrated at Lebanon, Kentucky, December 1862. Operations against John Hunt Morgan December 22, 1862 to January 2, 1863. Near Huntington December 27. Parker's Mills on Elk Fork December 28. Affair Springfield December 30 (detachment). Muldraugh's Hill near New Market December 31. Ordered to Nashville, Tennessee, January 30, then to Franklin, Tennessee, and duty there until June. Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12. Thompson's Station March 9. Rutherford Creek March 10–11. Near Thompson's Station March 23. Little Harpeth River March 25. Near Franklin March 31. Franklin April 27. Thompson's Station May 2. Moved to Triune June 2–4. Franklin June 4. Triune June 9. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. University Depot July 4. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Expedition to Athens, Alabama, August 2–8. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Alpine, Georgia, September 5. Summerville September 6–7 and 10. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Buell's Ford September 28. Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 17. At Caperton's Ferry until January 1864. Lafayette, Georgia, December 12, 1863. Ringgold December 13. Scout to Lafayette December 21–23. Regiment veteranized January 1864, and veterans on furlough until March. Near Chattanooga, until May. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Guarding railroad in rear of the army at Wauhatchie, Lafayette, Calhoun, Dalton, and Resaca. At Wauhatchie, Tennessee, May 5 to June 18. At Lafayette, June 18 to August 4. Summerville July 7. Actions at Lafayette June 24 and 30. Scouting about Calhoun, Adairsville, and Resaca until October 12. Pine Log Creek near Fairmount August 14. Rousseau's pursuit of Joseph Wheeler September 1–8. Resaca October 12–13. Near Summerville October 18. Little River, Alabama, October 20. Leesburg October 21. Ladiga, Terrapin Creek, October 28. Moved to Louisville, Kentucky, November 3–9. McCook's pursuit of Lyon December 6–28. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, December 16. At Nashville, Tennessee, until January 9. Moved to Gravelly Springs, Alabama, and duty there until March. Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw, Alabama, to Macon, Georgia, March 22-April 24. Centerville April 1. Trion April 1. Selma April 2. Northport near Tuscaloosa April 4. Lapier's Mills, Sipsey Creek, April 6. King's Store April 6 (Company D). Occupation of Talladega April 22. Munford's Station April 23. At Macon until June. Moved to Nashville, and duty in District of Middle Tennessee until September. Non-veterans mustered out at Edgefield July 14, 1865.

Paragraph 12: The religious literature of Yazidis is composed mostly of poetry which is orally transmitted in mainly Kurmanji and includes numerous genres, such as  (religious hymn),  (poem), Du‛a (prayer),  (another kind of prayer),  (the Declaration of the Faith),  (prayer for after a sacrifice),  (literally 'under the veil', another genre),  (Qasida), ‛ (literally 'listening'),  and . The poetic literature is composed in an advanced and archaic language where more complex terms are used, which may be difficult to understand for those who are not trained in religious knowledge. Therefore, they are accompanied by some prosaic genres of the Yazidi literature that often interpret the contents of the poems and provide explanations of their contexts in the spoken language comprehensible among the common population. The prosaic genres include  and  (legends and myths), and  and s (interpretations of religious hymns). Yazidis also possess some written texts, such as the sacred manuscripts called s and individual collections of religious texts called  and , although they are rarer and often safekept among Yazidis. Yazidis are also said to have two holy books, Book of Revelation and Black Book whose authenticities are debated among scholars.

Paragraph 13: Blasingame enjoyed his best season in 1957, when he hit .271 and posted career-highs in home runs (8), RBI (58), runs (101), hits (176) and stolen bases (21, third in the league). His first home run eventually came on May 12, against Red Murff, though it was in a 10–4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves. September 4, he had an even better game against the Braves. With the game tied 4–4 in the 12th inning, Blasingame hit a double against Don McMahon with one out. He then stole third base, forcing McMahon to intentionally walk the next two hitters to set up a force play. An error by Bob Hazle allowed Blasingame to score, giving the Cardinals a 5–4 win. Another highlight came on June 12 that year, when he had four RBIs, including a two-RBI single in the 10th inning, helping the Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10–3 in the first game of a doubleheader. Used as a leadoff man, Blasingame led the National League (NL) with 650 at bats. Defensively in 1957, Blasingame led  NL second basemen in assists and double plays. He tied for 12th in NL Most Valuable Player Award voting after the season, with Ed Bouchee of the Philadelphia Phillies.

Paragraph 14: After Gilly eventually starts a relationship with Steph, she is diagnosed with cervical cancer and initially keeps the news a secret from him. Stenson said of Steph's reasoning, "With Gilly, she's embarrassed and doesn't want him to look after her." Speaking of the storyline Quinlan said during an interview with Inside Soap, "I think Gilly's really gutted that he didn't get together with Steph sooner - he wasted so much time with Cheryl and Jem, when really he was in love with her." At one point, Steph cancels her wedding to Gilly because he cannot accept she is dying. Of this Quinlan said, "His denial is not helping her. She's tying to take this in her stride and wants to spend quality time with the people she loves before she goes. She tells him he has to accept she's going to die or the wedding is off. and she hands back her engagement ring." Quinlan has also said that he was eager for the pair to marry because of the "tear jerking" scenes it would create. Steph was killed off during a special week of episodes dubbed "fire week". The cast filmed many stunts themselves, and Quinlan filmed scenes in front of a burning set, and said that he "was very manly about it" whilst filming a ladder rescue scene. Gilly's immediate grief resulted in the characters name trending on Twitter, about which Quinlan said, "So glad that the ep had the impact that was desired! Buzzing Gilly is trended again!" Gilly's grief is made worse because of Steph deciding to die prematurely. Quinlan said, "He's grieving - he just can't understand why she took her life like that." He added that Gilly's grief turns to anger because he cannot get the answers to his questions. Quinlan wanted Gilly to take a different route, saying, "I'd like to see Gilly go down a bit of a different route because he’s been a bit of a push-over in the past. I'd like to see his character progress a bit more and I'd like to see a side of him that we haven't seen before." Gilly's grief continued to worsen with Quinlan adding, "The poor guy's heading off on a very dark journey that I'm sure he'll live to regret." As Gilly is still so angry, at Steph's funeral, the director of the episode asked Quinlan not to cry at all during the ceremony. Quinlan added, "It was all so heartfelt, though, that I broke down for real a few times - and I think that's going to come across in the final episode."

Paragraph 15: Bridges was one of the best pitchers in baseball from 1931 until 1943, when he entered the Army. He was among the league leaders in ERA 10 times between 1932 and 1943, including a career-low 2.39 ERA in 1943—the year before Bridges entered the Army. Over his major league career, he compiled an Adjusted ERA+ of 126—ranking 54th best in major league history. Though his unadjusted ERA is less impressive because of the high batting averages in the years in which he pitched, Bridges had an Adjusted ERA+ in excess of 140 on six occasions: 1932–33, 1939–40, 1942–43. He was named an All-Star six times between 1934 and 1940, missing out only in 1938 due to an injury. Bridges was also a consistent leader in strikeouts. He led the AL in strikeouts in 1935 and 1936 and was among the league leaders twelve times: 1931–40, 1942–43. Even more telling, he was among the top three in the league in strikeouts per nine innings pitched on seven occasions: 1931, 1935–36, 1939–40, 1942–43. In 1941, he set the Tigers career strikeout record, surpassing George Mullin's mark of 1,380. His team record for career strikeouts was broken in 1951 by Hal Newhouser, and remained the top mark for a right-hander until Jack Morris broke it in 1988. Bridges' career record with the Tigers was 194–138 with a 3.57 ERA.

Paragraph 16: Credit for the format is widely given to Todd Storz, who was the director of radio station KOWH-AM in Omaha, Nebraska in 1951.  At that time typical AM radio programming consisted largely of full-service "block programming": pre-scheduled, sponsored programs of a wide variety, including radio dramas and variety shows.  Local popular music hits, if they made it on the air at all, had to be worked in between these segments.  Storz noted the great response certain songs got from the record-buying public and compared it to the way certain selections on jukeboxes were played over and over.  He expanded his domain of radio stations, purchasing WTIX-AM in New Orleans, Louisiana, gradually converted his stations to an all-hits format, and pioneered the practice of surveying record stores to determine which singles were popular each week.  Storz found that the more people heard a given song on the radio or from the jukebox, the more likely they were to buy a copy; a conclusion not obvious in the industry at the time.  In 1952 he purchased what was then WLAF-AM in Lafayette, Indiana and constructed WAZY-AM/FM which is still the longest running top 40 FM station in existence to this day. In 1954, Storz purchased WHB-AM, a high-powered station in Kansas City, Missouri which could be heard throughout the Midwest and Great Plains, converted it to an all-hits format, and dubbed the result "top 40".  Shortly thereafter WHB debuted the first "top 40 countdown", a reverse-order playing of the station's ranking of hit singles for that week.  Within a few years, top 40 stations appeared all over the country to great success, spurred by the burgeoning popularity of rock and roll music, especially that of Elvis Presley. A 1950s employee at WHB, Ruth Meyer, went on to have tremendous success in the early to mid-60's as program director of New York's premiere top 40 station at that time, WMCA.

Paragraph 17: Sontag was accused of plagiarism by Ellen Lee, who discovered at least twelve passages in the 387-page book that were similar to passages in four other books about Modjeska, including My Mortal Enemy, a novel by Willa Cather. (Cather wrote: "When Oswald asked her to propose a toast, she put out her long arm, lifted her glass, and looking into the blur of the candlelight with a grave face, said: 'To my coun-n-try!'" Sontag wrote, "When asked to propose a toast, she put out her long arm, lifted her glass, and looking into the blur of the candlelight, crooned, 'To my new country!'" "Country," muttered Miss Collingridge. "Not 'coun-n-try.'") The quotations were presented without credit or attribution. Sontag said about using the passages, "All of us who deal with real characters in history transcribe and adopt original sources in the original domain. I've used these sources and I've completely transformed them. I have these books. I've looked at these books. There's a larger argument to be made that all of literature is a series of references and allusions."

Paragraph 18: The religious literature of Yazidis is composed mostly of poetry which is orally transmitted in mainly Kurmanji and includes numerous genres, such as  (religious hymn),  (poem), Du‛a (prayer),  (another kind of prayer),  (the Declaration of the Faith),  (prayer for after a sacrifice),  (literally 'under the veil', another genre),  (Qasida), ‛ (literally 'listening'),  and . The poetic literature is composed in an advanced and archaic language where more complex terms are used, which may be difficult to understand for those who are not trained in religious knowledge. Therefore, they are accompanied by some prosaic genres of the Yazidi literature that often interpret the contents of the poems and provide explanations of their contexts in the spoken language comprehensible among the common population. The prosaic genres include  and  (legends and myths), and  and s (interpretations of religious hymns). Yazidis also possess some written texts, such as the sacred manuscripts called s and individual collections of religious texts called  and , although they are rarer and often safekept among Yazidis. Yazidis are also said to have two holy books, Book of Revelation and Black Book whose authenticities are debated among scholars.

Paragraph 19: For Spriggs poetry is much like a laboratory, in the sense that she feels much like a "mad scientist" attempting to invent something unbeknown to her. Her passion for poetry sprouted from the visual arts, once she found solace in writing poems and stories. She attributes this passion for visual arts as the root for her poetry, mentioning that it "felt like an extension of my visual aesthetic." Furthermore, Spriggs sees poetry as a form that exposes our animal nature. She mentions how while her poems are for her intended audience, her poems help her save her own life as well. They are an outlet for her. "that dream-world, that place of reverie, or subconscious, I’m constantly investigating that, because whatever drives and motivates me is going to somehow manifest into my conscious decisions. So poetry is a way for me to investigate those decisions. And be very proactive about it in that sense. Poetry as a career was a concept not always present in her mind, as it wasn't until late in her career that she actually started to seriously think of writing as a career. It was only after over ten years of writing, being inducted into the Affrilachian Poets, and graduating from the Cave Canem retreat that she started to think of writing and poetry as a serious career. At the time, she was unhappy with her day job as it was affecting other facets of her life. She states “With the complete support and backing of my husband, I decided to take the plunge into full-on writer mode.” She applied for the Kentucky Foundation of Women grant, and after being granted the full amount she quit her day job and began to re-orient herself to the notion of writing as a career. Her writing evolved into a career once she applied to be a writer for the Kentucky Foundation for Women and decided to pursue this practice as a full-time job. Her inspiration comes from her love for storytelling: "Sometimes writing is telling my own story through (other people), and sometimes, it’s telling their stories through my own." She was also influenced heavily by Jude McPherson and Eric Sutherland in her early career, as they were instrumental in encouraging her to grow her voice both reading in public and putting together her first chapbooks Maya Angelou was also an inspiration for Spriggs, as she once had the opportunity to see her speak at the Singletary Center. While she cannot recall what Angelou specifically spoke about, she vividly remembered Angelou saying that poetry needed people to continue to read and write. Spriggs mentions how she felt Angelou was talking directly to her, and would go home and compose her first official "poem" –-"Revival Room", which was about the tradition of some of the womenfolk in her family turning a room upstairs during potlucks or family reunions into a mini-revival. Spriggs's induction into the Affrilachian Poets in 2004 was one she was immensely proud of, as she is a second-generation member. She mentioned how before her induction "I had never really seen anyone Black addressing a large crowd other than a minister, a politician, or an entertainer. I didn’t even know Black people did stuff like read poetry in public." Her induction went a long way in setting the stage for future African American poets.

Paragraph 20: He won renown in the Hundred Years' War, fighting in many engagements, including the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. He was an English envoy at the Council of Constance in 1415. In 1417 he was made admiral of the fleet. On the death of Henry V he was an executor of Henry's will and a member of Protector Gloucester's council. He attended the conference at Arras in 1435, and was a Member of the House of Lords sitting as Baron Hungerford from January 1436 until his death in 1449. From 1426 to 1432, he served as Lord High Treasurer. Hungerford's tenure as Treasurer occurred during the Great Bullion Famine and the beginning of the Great Slump in England.

Paragraph 21: After William Mixter and Joseph Barr published their famed paper of disk herniation in 1934, discectomy to remove stenosis became the routine procedure. Alternative attempts were to fuse the posterior arch of the spine.  In cases of spondylolisthesis, some surgeons had fused the interbody space, but only from an anterior approach. During a posterior discectomy operation in 1940, Cloward noticed a large hole in the remaining annulus fibrosis, and it occurred to him that this void could be filled with a piece of bone. But the patient suffered a pulmonary embolism on the tenth post-operative day, and died. This complication led Cloward to abandon his idea until 1943. Because disk herniation recurred in many cases, Cloward devised to reattempt his posterior interbody fusion procedure, which he did with success. Cloward soon became an expert of the procedure, and began to advocate for its use. In 1945, he presented the technique before the Hawaiian Territorial Medical Association, and at the Annual Meeting of the Harvey Cushing Society (now the American Association of Neurological Surgeons) in 1947. However, at the Harvey Cushing Society meeting, reception to the technique was critical. At the time, neurosurgeons were apprehensive about fusion techniques, which were traditionally an orthopedic method. Moreover, the procedure was very challenging, and was associated with complications. However, as Cloward and later advocates argued, if performed successfully, the PLIF provided better biomechanics and outcomes.

Paragraph 22: After Gilly eventually starts a relationship with Steph, she is diagnosed with cervical cancer and initially keeps the news a secret from him. Stenson said of Steph's reasoning, "With Gilly, she's embarrassed and doesn't want him to look after her." Speaking of the storyline Quinlan said during an interview with Inside Soap, "I think Gilly's really gutted that he didn't get together with Steph sooner - he wasted so much time with Cheryl and Jem, when really he was in love with her." At one point, Steph cancels her wedding to Gilly because he cannot accept she is dying. Of this Quinlan said, "His denial is not helping her. She's tying to take this in her stride and wants to spend quality time with the people she loves before she goes. She tells him he has to accept she's going to die or the wedding is off. and she hands back her engagement ring." Quinlan has also said that he was eager for the pair to marry because of the "tear jerking" scenes it would create. Steph was killed off during a special week of episodes dubbed "fire week". The cast filmed many stunts themselves, and Quinlan filmed scenes in front of a burning set, and said that he "was very manly about it" whilst filming a ladder rescue scene. Gilly's immediate grief resulted in the characters name trending on Twitter, about which Quinlan said, "So glad that the ep had the impact that was desired! Buzzing Gilly is trended again!" Gilly's grief is made worse because of Steph deciding to die prematurely. Quinlan said, "He's grieving - he just can't understand why she took her life like that." He added that Gilly's grief turns to anger because he cannot get the answers to his questions. Quinlan wanted Gilly to take a different route, saying, "I'd like to see Gilly go down a bit of a different route because he’s been a bit of a push-over in the past. I'd like to see his character progress a bit more and I'd like to see a side of him that we haven't seen before." Gilly's grief continued to worsen with Quinlan adding, "The poor guy's heading off on a very dark journey that I'm sure he'll live to regret." As Gilly is still so angry, at Steph's funeral, the director of the episode asked Quinlan not to cry at all during the ceremony. Quinlan added, "It was all so heartfelt, though, that I broke down for real a few times - and I think that's going to come across in the final episode."

Paragraph 23: The Isaaq played a massive role to push for unification and independence. They selected to join the Trust Territory of Somaliland to form the Somali Republic. During the civilian government from 1960 to 1969, they held dominant positions. Jama Mohamed Ghalib (1960-4) and Ahmed Mohamed Obsiye (1964-6), both belonging to the Isaaq clan, served as the president of the National Assembly, while a notable Isaaq member named Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal served as the Prime Minister of Somalia from 1967-9. Furthermore, when English became one of the official languages, the ministries of Foreign Trade, Foreign Affairs, Education, and Information were mainly held by the Isaaq members. They were still powerful in the early years of the military dictatorship (1969–91). However, from the late 1970s, Marehan became politically powerful under the leadership of the military dictator Siad Barre. The Isaaq began to face political and economic marginalization and in response, they organized the Somali National Movement to over his regime. Thus the Somaliland War of Independence began and this struggle movement forced the Isaaq clan to become a victim to a genocidal campaign by Siad Barre's troops (which also included armed Somali refugees from Ethiopia); the death toll has been estimated to be between 50,000 and 250,000. After the collapse of the Somali Democratic Republic in 1991 the Isaaq-dominated Somaliland declared independence from Somalia as a separate nation.

Paragraph 24: Credit for the format is widely given to Todd Storz, who was the director of radio station KOWH-AM in Omaha, Nebraska in 1951.  At that time typical AM radio programming consisted largely of full-service "block programming": pre-scheduled, sponsored programs of a wide variety, including radio dramas and variety shows.  Local popular music hits, if they made it on the air at all, had to be worked in between these segments.  Storz noted the great response certain songs got from the record-buying public and compared it to the way certain selections on jukeboxes were played over and over.  He expanded his domain of radio stations, purchasing WTIX-AM in New Orleans, Louisiana, gradually converted his stations to an all-hits format, and pioneered the practice of surveying record stores to determine which singles were popular each week.  Storz found that the more people heard a given song on the radio or from the jukebox, the more likely they were to buy a copy; a conclusion not obvious in the industry at the time.  In 1952 he purchased what was then WLAF-AM in Lafayette, Indiana and constructed WAZY-AM/FM which is still the longest running top 40 FM station in existence to this day. In 1954, Storz purchased WHB-AM, a high-powered station in Kansas City, Missouri which could be heard throughout the Midwest and Great Plains, converted it to an all-hits format, and dubbed the result "top 40".  Shortly thereafter WHB debuted the first "top 40 countdown", a reverse-order playing of the station's ranking of hit singles for that week.  Within a few years, top 40 stations appeared all over the country to great success, spurred by the burgeoning popularity of rock and roll music, especially that of Elvis Presley. A 1950s employee at WHB, Ruth Meyer, went on to have tremendous success in the early to mid-60's as program director of New York's premiere top 40 station at that time, WMCA.

Paragraph 25: After Gilly eventually starts a relationship with Steph, she is diagnosed with cervical cancer and initially keeps the news a secret from him. Stenson said of Steph's reasoning, "With Gilly, she's embarrassed and doesn't want him to look after her." Speaking of the storyline Quinlan said during an interview with Inside Soap, "I think Gilly's really gutted that he didn't get together with Steph sooner - he wasted so much time with Cheryl and Jem, when really he was in love with her." At one point, Steph cancels her wedding to Gilly because he cannot accept she is dying. Of this Quinlan said, "His denial is not helping her. She's tying to take this in her stride and wants to spend quality time with the people she loves before she goes. She tells him he has to accept she's going to die or the wedding is off. and she hands back her engagement ring." Quinlan has also said that he was eager for the pair to marry because of the "tear jerking" scenes it would create. Steph was killed off during a special week of episodes dubbed "fire week". The cast filmed many stunts themselves, and Quinlan filmed scenes in front of a burning set, and said that he "was very manly about it" whilst filming a ladder rescue scene. Gilly's immediate grief resulted in the characters name trending on Twitter, about which Quinlan said, "So glad that the ep had the impact that was desired! Buzzing Gilly is trended again!" Gilly's grief is made worse because of Steph deciding to die prematurely. Quinlan said, "He's grieving - he just can't understand why she took her life like that." He added that Gilly's grief turns to anger because he cannot get the answers to his questions. Quinlan wanted Gilly to take a different route, saying, "I'd like to see Gilly go down a bit of a different route because he’s been a bit of a push-over in the past. I'd like to see his character progress a bit more and I'd like to see a side of him that we haven't seen before." Gilly's grief continued to worsen with Quinlan adding, "The poor guy's heading off on a very dark journey that I'm sure he'll live to regret." As Gilly is still so angry, at Steph's funeral, the director of the episode asked Quinlan not to cry at all during the ceremony. Quinlan added, "It was all so heartfelt, though, that I broke down for real a few times - and I think that's going to come across in the final episode."

Paragraph 26: The religious literature of Yazidis is composed mostly of poetry which is orally transmitted in mainly Kurmanji and includes numerous genres, such as  (religious hymn),  (poem), Du‛a (prayer),  (another kind of prayer),  (the Declaration of the Faith),  (prayer for after a sacrifice),  (literally 'under the veil', another genre),  (Qasida), ‛ (literally 'listening'),  and . The poetic literature is composed in an advanced and archaic language where more complex terms are used, which may be difficult to understand for those who are not trained in religious knowledge. Therefore, they are accompanied by some prosaic genres of the Yazidi literature that often interpret the contents of the poems and provide explanations of their contexts in the spoken language comprehensible among the common population. The prosaic genres include  and  (legends and myths), and  and s (interpretations of religious hymns). Yazidis also possess some written texts, such as the sacred manuscripts called s and individual collections of religious texts called  and , although they are rarer and often safekept among Yazidis. Yazidis are also said to have two holy books, Book of Revelation and Black Book whose authenticities are debated among scholars.

Paragraph 27: He won renown in the Hundred Years' War, fighting in many engagements, including the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. He was an English envoy at the Council of Constance in 1415. In 1417 he was made admiral of the fleet. On the death of Henry V he was an executor of Henry's will and a member of Protector Gloucester's council. He attended the conference at Arras in 1435, and was a Member of the House of Lords sitting as Baron Hungerford from January 1436 until his death in 1449. From 1426 to 1432, he served as Lord High Treasurer. Hungerford's tenure as Treasurer occurred during the Great Bullion Famine and the beginning of the Great Slump in England.

Paragraph 28: Blasingame enjoyed his best season in 1957, when he hit .271 and posted career-highs in home runs (8), RBI (58), runs (101), hits (176) and stolen bases (21, third in the league). His first home run eventually came on May 12, against Red Murff, though it was in a 10–4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves. September 4, he had an even better game against the Braves. With the game tied 4–4 in the 12th inning, Blasingame hit a double against Don McMahon with one out. He then stole third base, forcing McMahon to intentionally walk the next two hitters to set up a force play. An error by Bob Hazle allowed Blasingame to score, giving the Cardinals a 5–4 win. Another highlight came on June 12 that year, when he had four RBIs, including a two-RBI single in the 10th inning, helping the Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10–3 in the first game of a doubleheader. Used as a leadoff man, Blasingame led the National League (NL) with 650 at bats. Defensively in 1957, Blasingame led  NL second basemen in assists and double plays. He tied for 12th in NL Most Valuable Player Award voting after the season, with Ed Bouchee of the Philadelphia Phillies.

Paragraph 29: American Laser Games was a company based in Albuquerque, New Mexico that created numerous light gun laserdisc video games featuring live action full motion video. The company was founded in the late 1980s by Robert Grebe, who had originally created a system to train police officers under the company name ICAT (Institute for Combat Arms and Tactics) and later adapted the technology for arcade games. Its first hit game was Mad Dog McCree, a light gun shooter set in the American Old West. By mid-1995 they were recognized as the leading company in the medium of laserdisc-based arcade games. Almost all arcade games released by the company were light gun shooters and a number of them also had an Old West theme.

Paragraph 30: Skirmish Flat Lick August 17 (detachment). Skirmish at Slaughterville, Kentucky, September 3, 1862 (detachment). Munfordville September 20–21 (detachment). Pursuit of Bragg through Kentucky October 1–22. 1st Battalion to Litchfield and skirmish with Bragg. 2nd Battalion to Bardstown and skirmish with Wheeler. 3rd Battalion to Stanford. 1st Battalion ordered to Louisa, Kentucky, November 14, then to Mt. Sterling, Kentucky, December 9. Regiment concentrated at Lebanon, Kentucky, December 1862. Operations against John Hunt Morgan December 22, 1862 to January 2, 1863. Near Huntington December 27. Parker's Mills on Elk Fork December 28. Affair Springfield December 30 (detachment). Muldraugh's Hill near New Market December 31. Ordered to Nashville, Tennessee, January 30, then to Franklin, Tennessee, and duty there until June. Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12. Thompson's Station March 9. Rutherford Creek March 10–11. Near Thompson's Station March 23. Little Harpeth River March 25. Near Franklin March 31. Franklin April 27. Thompson's Station May 2. Moved to Triune June 2–4. Franklin June 4. Triune June 9. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. University Depot July 4. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Expedition to Athens, Alabama, August 2–8. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Alpine, Georgia, September 5. Summerville September 6–7 and 10. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Buell's Ford September 28. Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 17. At Caperton's Ferry until January 1864. Lafayette, Georgia, December 12, 1863. Ringgold December 13. Scout to Lafayette December 21–23. Regiment veteranized January 1864, and veterans on furlough until March. Near Chattanooga, until May. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Guarding railroad in rear of the army at Wauhatchie, Lafayette, Calhoun, Dalton, and Resaca. At Wauhatchie, Tennessee, May 5 to June 18. At Lafayette, June 18 to August 4. Summerville July 7. Actions at Lafayette June 24 and 30. Scouting about Calhoun, Adairsville, and Resaca until October 12. Pine Log Creek near Fairmount August 14. Rousseau's pursuit of Joseph Wheeler September 1–8. Resaca October 12–13. Near Summerville October 18. Little River, Alabama, October 20. Leesburg October 21. Ladiga, Terrapin Creek, October 28. Moved to Louisville, Kentucky, November 3–9. McCook's pursuit of Lyon December 6–28. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, December 16. At Nashville, Tennessee, until January 9. Moved to Gravelly Springs, Alabama, and duty there until March. Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw, Alabama, to Macon, Georgia, March 22-April 24. Centerville April 1. Trion April 1. Selma April 2. Northport near Tuscaloosa April 4. Lapier's Mills, Sipsey Creek, April 6. King's Store April 6 (Company D). Occupation of Talladega April 22. Munford's Station April 23. At Macon until June. Moved to Nashville, and duty in District of Middle Tennessee until September. Non-veterans mustered out at Edgefield July 14, 1865.

Paragraph 31: Blasingame enjoyed his best season in 1957, when he hit .271 and posted career-highs in home runs (8), RBI (58), runs (101), hits (176) and stolen bases (21, third in the league). His first home run eventually came on May 12, against Red Murff, though it was in a 10–4 loss to the Milwaukee Braves. September 4, he had an even better game against the Braves. With the game tied 4–4 in the 12th inning, Blasingame hit a double against Don McMahon with one out. He then stole third base, forcing McMahon to intentionally walk the next two hitters to set up a force play. An error by Bob Hazle allowed Blasingame to score, giving the Cardinals a 5–4 win. Another highlight came on June 12 that year, when he had four RBIs, including a two-RBI single in the 10th inning, helping the Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10–3 in the first game of a doubleheader. Used as a leadoff man, Blasingame led the National League (NL) with 650 at bats. Defensively in 1957, Blasingame led  NL second basemen in assists and double plays. He tied for 12th in NL Most Valuable Player Award voting after the season, with Ed Bouchee of the Philadelphia Phillies.

Paragraph 32: For Spriggs poetry is much like a laboratory, in the sense that she feels much like a "mad scientist" attempting to invent something unbeknown to her. Her passion for poetry sprouted from the visual arts, once she found solace in writing poems and stories. She attributes this passion for visual arts as the root for her poetry, mentioning that it "felt like an extension of my visual aesthetic." Furthermore, Spriggs sees poetry as a form that exposes our animal nature. She mentions how while her poems are for her intended audience, her poems help her save her own life as well. They are an outlet for her. "that dream-world, that place of reverie, or subconscious, I’m constantly investigating that, because whatever drives and motivates me is going to somehow manifest into my conscious decisions. So poetry is a way for me to investigate those decisions. And be very proactive about it in that sense. Poetry as a career was a concept not always present in her mind, as it wasn't until late in her career that she actually started to seriously think of writing as a career. It was only after over ten years of writing, being inducted into the Affrilachian Poets, and graduating from the Cave Canem retreat that she started to think of writing and poetry as a serious career. At the time, she was unhappy with her day job as it was affecting other facets of her life. She states “With the complete support and backing of my husband, I decided to take the plunge into full-on writer mode.” She applied for the Kentucky Foundation of Women grant, and after being granted the full amount she quit her day job and began to re-orient herself to the notion of writing as a career. Her writing evolved into a career once she applied to be a writer for the Kentucky Foundation for Women and decided to pursue this practice as a full-time job. Her inspiration comes from her love for storytelling: "Sometimes writing is telling my own story through (other people), and sometimes, it’s telling their stories through my own." She was also influenced heavily by Jude McPherson and Eric Sutherland in her early career, as they were instrumental in encouraging her to grow her voice both reading in public and putting together her first chapbooks Maya Angelou was also an inspiration for Spriggs, as she once had the opportunity to see her speak at the Singletary Center. While she cannot recall what Angelou specifically spoke about, she vividly remembered Angelou saying that poetry needed people to continue to read and write. Spriggs mentions how she felt Angelou was talking directly to her, and would go home and compose her first official "poem" –-"Revival Room", which was about the tradition of some of the womenfolk in her family turning a room upstairs during potlucks or family reunions into a mini-revival. Spriggs's induction into the Affrilachian Poets in 2004 was one she was immensely proud of, as she is a second-generation member. She mentioned how before her induction "I had never really seen anyone Black addressing a large crowd other than a minister, a politician, or an entertainer. I didn’t even know Black people did stuff like read poetry in public." Her induction went a long way in setting the stage for future African American poets.

Paragraph 33: After William Mixter and Joseph Barr published their famed paper of disk herniation in 1934, discectomy to remove stenosis became the routine procedure. Alternative attempts were to fuse the posterior arch of the spine.  In cases of spondylolisthesis, some surgeons had fused the interbody space, but only from an anterior approach. During a posterior discectomy operation in 1940, Cloward noticed a large hole in the remaining annulus fibrosis, and it occurred to him that this void could be filled with a piece of bone. But the patient suffered a pulmonary embolism on the tenth post-operative day, and died. This complication led Cloward to abandon his idea until 1943. Because disk herniation recurred in many cases, Cloward devised to reattempt his posterior interbody fusion procedure, which he did with success. Cloward soon became an expert of the procedure, and began to advocate for its use. In 1945, he presented the technique before the Hawaiian Territorial Medical Association, and at the Annual Meeting of the Harvey Cushing Society (now the American Association of Neurological Surgeons) in 1947. However, at the Harvey Cushing Society meeting, reception to the technique was critical. At the time, neurosurgeons were apprehensive about fusion techniques, which were traditionally an orthopedic method. Moreover, the procedure was very challenging, and was associated with complications. However, as Cloward and later advocates argued, if performed successfully, the PLIF provided better biomechanics and outcomes.

Paragraph 34: In the second quarter, the Giants stormed 61 yards in five plays, featuring a 29-yard run by Tiki Barber. After that, Collins completed a 27-yard pass to tight end Jeremy Shockey, and capped off the drive with a 2-yard touchdown pass to him one play later.  The 49ers however, responded with an unconventional 69-yard drive that featured two runs by Garcia for over 10 yards and a 25-yard completion from Owens to receiver Tai Streets on a reverse-pass play. Running back Kevan Barlow completed the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run to tie the game. However, two key 49ers turnovers allowed the Giants to go into their locker room at halftime with a 28–14 lead. First, the Giants were forced to punt on their ensuing possession, but returner Cedrick Wilson muffed the kick and New York's Johnnie Harris recovered the ball on the 49ers 8-yard line. Collins then threw an 8-yard touchdown pass to Toomer on the next play. After the ensuing kickoff, cornerback Jason Sehorn picked off a pass from Garcia at New York's 44-yard line. Two plays later on third down and 8, Collins completed a 30-yard pass to Barber, and followed it up with a 24-yard touchdown completion to Toomer with just 10 seconds left in the half.