Paragraph 1: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 2: The song was released as a Beatles single in 1996 in the United Kingdom, United States and many other countries. It respectively reached number 4 and number 11 in the UK and US singles charts, and earned a gold record more quickly than a number of the group's other singles. The song was not included on the BBC Radio 1 playlist, prompting criticism from fans and British Members of Parliament. The track opened the Beatles' Anthology 2 album. It is the last single by the Beatles to become a top 40 hit in the US, the last released record of new material credited to the Beatles, and the last to originate and be included on an album as well as the last top 10 hit in the UK.

Paragraph 3: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 4: Fairfax has a strong band program, including a marching band which has won numerous championships. Included in the Rebel Band is the Fairfax High School Drumline, which placed third in the Atlantic Indoor Association (AIA) championships in North Carolina in 2006, third in 2010, and second in 2011.  In 2009, they performed in Dayton, Ohio for Winter Guard International and received 4th place in their preliminary group and 18th in semifinals.  Overall, they placed 18th out of 60 groups. Other teams that accompany the Band program are the Fall Guard (competes with the marching band) and the Winterguard (competes separately). The Fairfax High School Band was under the direction of Ms. Meghan Benson, and won second place at a band competition at the Smoky Mountain Music Festival, in Gatlinburg, Tennessee in the spring of 2008.  The Marching Band won third place in the local Fourth of July Parade independence Day celebration, and was awarded $2000 in 2008.  At the end of the 2008 Marching Rebel season the band received a 1- Superior rating at the VBODA Championships.  The Fairfax High School Band Program received a superior rating at both Marching and Symphonic Band festivals making it eligible to receive the award of Virginia State Honor Band for the first time in the school's 75-year history. The band has repeated the feat every year since. Because of the work of the Marching Band and Symphonic Band along with the work of the orchestral and choral departments, Fairfax was able to earn the title of Blue Ribbon School for the performing arts, which is achieved by Superior ratings at VBODA state marching festival, and a Superior rating for each of the top performing groups at District Festival.  At the competition on their spring trip in the year 2009 to Orlando, Florida, the Rebel band placed second in its class by a margin of less than one point and received the Silver Award Overall in Festival Disney.

Paragraph 5: After the fall of Phnom Penh to the Khmer Rouge regime in 1975, few Cambodians were able to escape; it was not until after the regime was overthrown in 1979 did large waves of Cambodians begin immigrating to the US as refugees. Between 1975 and 1994, nearly 158,000 Cambodians were admitted. About 149,000 of them entered the country as refugees, and 6,000 entered as immigrants and 2,500 as humanitarian and public interest parolees. To encourage rapid cultural assimilation and to spread the economic impact, the US government dispersed the refugees into various cities and states throughout the country. However, once established enough to be able to communicate and travel, many Cambodians began migrating to certain places where the climate was more like home, they knew friends and relatives had been sent, or there were rumored to be familiar jobs or higher government benefits. Consequently, large communities of Cambodians took root in cities such as Long Beach, Fresno and Stockton in California; Providence, Rhode Island; Philadelphia; Cleveland, Ohio; Lynn and Lowell in Massachusetts; and Seattle and Portland in the Pacific Northwest.

Paragraph 6: The Springfield Union newspaper of September 6, 1932 quoted Doolittle as saying, "She is the sweetest ship I've ever flown. She is perfect in every respect and the motor is just as good as it was a week ago. It never missed a beat and has lots of stuff in it yet. I think this proves that the Granville brothers up in Springfield build the very best speed ships in America today." Another Springfield paper of the same date quoted Doolittle as saying, "The ship performed admirably. She was so fast that there was no need of my taking sharp turns although if the competition had been stiffer I would have. I just hope Russell Boardman can take her out soon and bring her in for a new record. There were lots of things we might have adjusted more properly if we had had time to run tests with the ship, and they would have meant more speed. I am sure Russell Boardman can take her around at quite a bit more than 300 miles an hour so you see my record may not last long after all." 

Paragraph 7: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 8: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 9: The Springfield Union newspaper of September 6, 1932 quoted Doolittle as saying, "She is the sweetest ship I've ever flown. She is perfect in every respect and the motor is just as good as it was a week ago. It never missed a beat and has lots of stuff in it yet. I think this proves that the Granville brothers up in Springfield build the very best speed ships in America today." Another Springfield paper of the same date quoted Doolittle as saying, "The ship performed admirably. She was so fast that there was no need of my taking sharp turns although if the competition had been stiffer I would have. I just hope Russell Boardman can take her out soon and bring her in for a new record. There were lots of things we might have adjusted more properly if we had had time to run tests with the ship, and they would have meant more speed. I am sure Russell Boardman can take her around at quite a bit more than 300 miles an hour so you see my record may not last long after all." 

Paragraph 10: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 11: After the fall of Phnom Penh to the Khmer Rouge regime in 1975, few Cambodians were able to escape; it was not until after the regime was overthrown in 1979 did large waves of Cambodians begin immigrating to the US as refugees. Between 1975 and 1994, nearly 158,000 Cambodians were admitted. About 149,000 of them entered the country as refugees, and 6,000 entered as immigrants and 2,500 as humanitarian and public interest parolees. To encourage rapid cultural assimilation and to spread the economic impact, the US government dispersed the refugees into various cities and states throughout the country. However, once established enough to be able to communicate and travel, many Cambodians began migrating to certain places where the climate was more like home, they knew friends and relatives had been sent, or there were rumored to be familiar jobs or higher government benefits. Consequently, large communities of Cambodians took root in cities such as Long Beach, Fresno and Stockton in California; Providence, Rhode Island; Philadelphia; Cleveland, Ohio; Lynn and Lowell in Massachusetts; and Seattle and Portland in the Pacific Northwest.

Paragraph 12: The song was released as a Beatles single in 1996 in the United Kingdom, United States and many other countries. It respectively reached number 4 and number 11 in the UK and US singles charts, and earned a gold record more quickly than a number of the group's other singles. The song was not included on the BBC Radio 1 playlist, prompting criticism from fans and British Members of Parliament. The track opened the Beatles' Anthology 2 album. It is the last single by the Beatles to become a top 40 hit in the US, the last released record of new material credited to the Beatles, and the last to originate and be included on an album as well as the last top 10 hit in the UK.

Paragraph 13: David Dalrymple Moore (June 4, 1924 – January 28, 1998) was a popular Minnesota television personality and beloved figure in the area from the 1950s through the time of his death. Moore hosted the evening news on WCCO channel 4 from 1957 until he retired to a more leisurely schedule in 1991. When recounting Moore's life story, journalists never neglect to include the fact that he was only offered the anchor post after Walter Cronkite turned it down. Like Cronkite, Moore reported the news like an everyday man off the street—which he contended that he was. The string of good fortune that led to Moore becoming influential was sometimes a source of guilt for him. His humble nature and commitment to hard journalism is considered a major contributor to the high quality of Twin Cities newscasts through the 1990s.

Paragraph 14: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 15: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 16: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 17: Ryan Bakerink was the album's photographer shooting both the rejected and final cover. The band stripped Wentz's bedroom, the largest, and filled it with items from each member's room to create the set. "In hindsight, I kind of feel like the rest of the band just let Pete do all of the heavy lifting. It was exhausting. We were carrying beds and dressers and all these things into the other room, and we were just soaked in sweat," Bakerink recalled. He had had a lengthy conversation with Stump about Stump's love for Elvis Costello, and found an Armed Forces LP of Stump's sitting out, strategically placing it in the image to play it off as Stump's. As the band was "rooted in nostalgia from early on," the photograph was filled with 1980s toys and cereals. The photo went through several versions, with one idea involving the bed sheet pulled back, as if somebody had got out of bed and left a letter to someone. As the album title had yet to be finalized, they did two shots of a sealed envelope, one with the alternate title To My Favorite Liar and one with Take This to Your Grave. Eventually, Wentz suggested they use his then girlfriend, lying on her back in bed, exhausted. Bakerink showed the Polaroid to Wentz, who immediately loved the shot. The photo session ran later and later, and by 2:00 am they began shooting individual member shots and what became the album cover. When it was sent to Fueled by Ramen for approval, the label responded that they "couldn't clear any of this stuff," such as posters of Cher, Morrisey and Edward Scissorhands, and images of Count Chocula and Darth Vader. When Trohman showed the new album cover to Bakerink at the album release party at the Metro, he was surprised: "It was interesting how they ended up using the last image we took that night, and I didn't even know if it was supposed to be used at all. I wound up really liking it." The original cover was eventually used for the first pressing of the album's vinyl edition.

Paragraph 18: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 19: David Dalrymple Moore (June 4, 1924 – January 28, 1998) was a popular Minnesota television personality and beloved figure in the area from the 1950s through the time of his death. Moore hosted the evening news on WCCO channel 4 from 1957 until he retired to a more leisurely schedule in 1991. When recounting Moore's life story, journalists never neglect to include the fact that he was only offered the anchor post after Walter Cronkite turned it down. Like Cronkite, Moore reported the news like an everyday man off the street—which he contended that he was. The string of good fortune that led to Moore becoming influential was sometimes a source of guilt for him. His humble nature and commitment to hard journalism is considered a major contributor to the high quality of Twin Cities newscasts through the 1990s.

Paragraph 20: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 21: Ryan Bakerink was the album's photographer shooting both the rejected and final cover. The band stripped Wentz's bedroom, the largest, and filled it with items from each member's room to create the set. "In hindsight, I kind of feel like the rest of the band just let Pete do all of the heavy lifting. It was exhausting. We were carrying beds and dressers and all these things into the other room, and we were just soaked in sweat," Bakerink recalled. He had had a lengthy conversation with Stump about Stump's love for Elvis Costello, and found an Armed Forces LP of Stump's sitting out, strategically placing it in the image to play it off as Stump's. As the band was "rooted in nostalgia from early on," the photograph was filled with 1980s toys and cereals. The photo went through several versions, with one idea involving the bed sheet pulled back, as if somebody had got out of bed and left a letter to someone. As the album title had yet to be finalized, they did two shots of a sealed envelope, one with the alternate title To My Favorite Liar and one with Take This to Your Grave. Eventually, Wentz suggested they use his then girlfriend, lying on her back in bed, exhausted. Bakerink showed the Polaroid to Wentz, who immediately loved the shot. The photo session ran later and later, and by 2:00 am they began shooting individual member shots and what became the album cover. When it was sent to Fueled by Ramen for approval, the label responded that they "couldn't clear any of this stuff," such as posters of Cher, Morrisey and Edward Scissorhands, and images of Count Chocula and Darth Vader. When Trohman showed the new album cover to Bakerink at the album release party at the Metro, he was surprised: "It was interesting how they ended up using the last image we took that night, and I didn't even know if it was supposed to be used at all. I wound up really liking it." The original cover was eventually used for the first pressing of the album's vinyl edition.

Paragraph 22: Fairfax has a strong band program, including a marching band which has won numerous championships. Included in the Rebel Band is the Fairfax High School Drumline, which placed third in the Atlantic Indoor Association (AIA) championships in North Carolina in 2006, third in 2010, and second in 2011.  In 2009, they performed in Dayton, Ohio for Winter Guard International and received 4th place in their preliminary group and 18th in semifinals.  Overall, they placed 18th out of 60 groups. Other teams that accompany the Band program are the Fall Guard (competes with the marching band) and the Winterguard (competes separately). The Fairfax High School Band was under the direction of Ms. Meghan Benson, and won second place at a band competition at the Smoky Mountain Music Festival, in Gatlinburg, Tennessee in the spring of 2008.  The Marching Band won third place in the local Fourth of July Parade independence Day celebration, and was awarded $2000 in 2008.  At the end of the 2008 Marching Rebel season the band received a 1- Superior rating at the VBODA Championships.  The Fairfax High School Band Program received a superior rating at both Marching and Symphonic Band festivals making it eligible to receive the award of Virginia State Honor Band for the first time in the school's 75-year history. The band has repeated the feat every year since. Because of the work of the Marching Band and Symphonic Band along with the work of the orchestral and choral departments, Fairfax was able to earn the title of Blue Ribbon School for the performing arts, which is achieved by Superior ratings at VBODA state marching festival, and a Superior rating for each of the top performing groups at District Festival.  At the competition on their spring trip in the year 2009 to Orlando, Florida, the Rebel band placed second in its class by a margin of less than one point and received the Silver Award Overall in Festival Disney.

Paragraph 23: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 24: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 25: David Dalrymple Moore (June 4, 1924 – January 28, 1998) was a popular Minnesota television personality and beloved figure in the area from the 1950s through the time of his death. Moore hosted the evening news on WCCO channel 4 from 1957 until he retired to a more leisurely schedule in 1991. When recounting Moore's life story, journalists never neglect to include the fact that he was only offered the anchor post after Walter Cronkite turned it down. Like Cronkite, Moore reported the news like an everyday man off the street—which he contended that he was. The string of good fortune that led to Moore becoming influential was sometimes a source of guilt for him. His humble nature and commitment to hard journalism is considered a major contributor to the high quality of Twin Cities newscasts through the 1990s.

Paragraph 26: Ryan Bakerink was the album's photographer shooting both the rejected and final cover. The band stripped Wentz's bedroom, the largest, and filled it with items from each member's room to create the set. "In hindsight, I kind of feel like the rest of the band just let Pete do all of the heavy lifting. It was exhausting. We were carrying beds and dressers and all these things into the other room, and we were just soaked in sweat," Bakerink recalled. He had had a lengthy conversation with Stump about Stump's love for Elvis Costello, and found an Armed Forces LP of Stump's sitting out, strategically placing it in the image to play it off as Stump's. As the band was "rooted in nostalgia from early on," the photograph was filled with 1980s toys and cereals. The photo went through several versions, with one idea involving the bed sheet pulled back, as if somebody had got out of bed and left a letter to someone. As the album title had yet to be finalized, they did two shots of a sealed envelope, one with the alternate title To My Favorite Liar and one with Take This to Your Grave. Eventually, Wentz suggested they use his then girlfriend, lying on her back in bed, exhausted. Bakerink showed the Polaroid to Wentz, who immediately loved the shot. The photo session ran later and later, and by 2:00 am they began shooting individual member shots and what became the album cover. When it was sent to Fueled by Ramen for approval, the label responded that they "couldn't clear any of this stuff," such as posters of Cher, Morrisey and Edward Scissorhands, and images of Count Chocula and Darth Vader. When Trohman showed the new album cover to Bakerink at the album release party at the Metro, he was surprised: "It was interesting how they ended up using the last image we took that night, and I didn't even know if it was supposed to be used at all. I wound up really liking it." The original cover was eventually used for the first pressing of the album's vinyl edition.

Paragraph 27: Simeulue was close to the epicenter of the 9.3 magnitude 26 December 2004 earthquake, but loss of life was surprisingly low, mainly because the people are familiar with earthquakes and tsunamis in this seismically active region and so knew to leave the coast after the earthquake. A major earthquake and tsunami hit Simeulue in 1907, killing many of its inhabitants. Many died when they rushed to the beach after seeing the water recede, exposing the coral and fish. They went to collect the fish, not realizing that the water would come back. Those who survived told the story of the 1907 semong, the local word for tsunami, to their children. It is largely because of this oral history that many in Simeulue say that they knew what to do when the 26 December 2004 earthquake and tsunami struck. In the fishing village of Kariya Vhapi on the NW shore of Simuelue, the 26 December 2004 tsunami was approximately 2 m high when it went through the village completely destroying all buildings.

Paragraph 28: Ryan Bakerink was the album's photographer shooting both the rejected and final cover. The band stripped Wentz's bedroom, the largest, and filled it with items from each member's room to create the set. "In hindsight, I kind of feel like the rest of the band just let Pete do all of the heavy lifting. It was exhausting. We were carrying beds and dressers and all these things into the other room, and we were just soaked in sweat," Bakerink recalled. He had had a lengthy conversation with Stump about Stump's love for Elvis Costello, and found an Armed Forces LP of Stump's sitting out, strategically placing it in the image to play it off as Stump's. As the band was "rooted in nostalgia from early on," the photograph was filled with 1980s toys and cereals. The photo went through several versions, with one idea involving the bed sheet pulled back, as if somebody had got out of bed and left a letter to someone. As the album title had yet to be finalized, they did two shots of a sealed envelope, one with the alternate title To My Favorite Liar and one with Take This to Your Grave. Eventually, Wentz suggested they use his then girlfriend, lying on her back in bed, exhausted. Bakerink showed the Polaroid to Wentz, who immediately loved the shot. The photo session ran later and later, and by 2:00 am they began shooting individual member shots and what became the album cover. When it was sent to Fueled by Ramen for approval, the label responded that they "couldn't clear any of this stuff," such as posters of Cher, Morrisey and Edward Scissorhands, and images of Count Chocula and Darth Vader. When Trohman showed the new album cover to Bakerink at the album release party at the Metro, he was surprised: "It was interesting how they ended up using the last image we took that night, and I didn't even know if it was supposed to be used at all. I wound up really liking it." The original cover was eventually used for the first pressing of the album's vinyl edition.

Paragraph 29: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 30: David Dalrymple Moore (June 4, 1924 – January 28, 1998) was a popular Minnesota television personality and beloved figure in the area from the 1950s through the time of his death. Moore hosted the evening news on WCCO channel 4 from 1957 until he retired to a more leisurely schedule in 1991. When recounting Moore's life story, journalists never neglect to include the fact that he was only offered the anchor post after Walter Cronkite turned it down. Like Cronkite, Moore reported the news like an everyday man off the street—which he contended that he was. The string of good fortune that led to Moore becoming influential was sometimes a source of guilt for him. His humble nature and commitment to hard journalism is considered a major contributor to the high quality of Twin Cities newscasts through the 1990s.

Paragraph 31: Fairfax has a strong band program, including a marching band which has won numerous championships. Included in the Rebel Band is the Fairfax High School Drumline, which placed third in the Atlantic Indoor Association (AIA) championships in North Carolina in 2006, third in 2010, and second in 2011.  In 2009, they performed in Dayton, Ohio for Winter Guard International and received 4th place in their preliminary group and 18th in semifinals.  Overall, they placed 18th out of 60 groups. Other teams that accompany the Band program are the Fall Guard (competes with the marching band) and the Winterguard (competes separately). The Fairfax High School Band was under the direction of Ms. Meghan Benson, and won second place at a band competition at the Smoky Mountain Music Festival, in Gatlinburg, Tennessee in the spring of 2008.  The Marching Band won third place in the local Fourth of July Parade independence Day celebration, and was awarded $2000 in 2008.  At the end of the 2008 Marching Rebel season the band received a 1- Superior rating at the VBODA Championships.  The Fairfax High School Band Program received a superior rating at both Marching and Symphonic Band festivals making it eligible to receive the award of Virginia State Honor Band for the first time in the school's 75-year history. The band has repeated the feat every year since. Because of the work of the Marching Band and Symphonic Band along with the work of the orchestral and choral departments, Fairfax was able to earn the title of Blue Ribbon School for the performing arts, which is achieved by Superior ratings at VBODA state marching festival, and a Superior rating for each of the top performing groups at District Festival.  At the competition on their spring trip in the year 2009 to Orlando, Florida, the Rebel band placed second in its class by a margin of less than one point and received the Silver Award Overall in Festival Disney.

Paragraph 32: The song was released as a Beatles single in 1996 in the United Kingdom, United States and many other countries. It respectively reached number 4 and number 11 in the UK and US singles charts, and earned a gold record more quickly than a number of the group's other singles. The song was not included on the BBC Radio 1 playlist, prompting criticism from fans and British Members of Parliament. The track opened the Beatles' Anthology 2 album. It is the last single by the Beatles to become a top 40 hit in the US, the last released record of new material credited to the Beatles, and the last to originate and be included on an album as well as the last top 10 hit in the UK.

Paragraph 33: David Dalrymple Moore (June 4, 1924 – January 28, 1998) was a popular Minnesota television personality and beloved figure in the area from the 1950s through the time of his death. Moore hosted the evening news on WCCO channel 4 from 1957 until he retired to a more leisurely schedule in 1991. When recounting Moore's life story, journalists never neglect to include the fact that he was only offered the anchor post after Walter Cronkite turned it down. Like Cronkite, Moore reported the news like an everyday man off the street—which he contended that he was. The string of good fortune that led to Moore becoming influential was sometimes a source of guilt for him. His humble nature and commitment to hard journalism is considered a major contributor to the high quality of Twin Cities newscasts through the 1990s.

Paragraph 34: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 35: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 36: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 37: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 38: The origin of the name of Staraya Russa is unclear. The most involved and widespread hypothesis was presented by philologists and linguists R. A. Akheyeva, V. L. Vasilyev, and M.V. Gorbanevsky. According to this hypothesis, Russa comes from Rus'—a Slavic people, who settled in the vicinity to control trade routes leading from Novgorod to Polotsk and Kiev—which, in turn, is usually thought to originate from an Old Norse term for "the men who row" (rods-) as rowing was the main method of navigating the rivers of Eastern Europe, and that it could be linked to the Swedish coastal area of Roslagen (the rowing crews) or Roden, as it was known in earlier times. Staraya is Russian for "Old".

Paragraph 39: The song was released as a Beatles single in 1996 in the United Kingdom, United States and many other countries. It respectively reached number 4 and number 11 in the UK and US singles charts, and earned a gold record more quickly than a number of the group's other singles. The song was not included on the BBC Radio 1 playlist, prompting criticism from fans and British Members of Parliament. The track opened the Beatles' Anthology 2 album. It is the last single by the Beatles to become a top 40 hit in the US, the last released record of new material credited to the Beatles, and the last to originate and be included on an album as well as the last top 10 hit in the UK.

Paragraph 40: The Springfield Union newspaper of September 6, 1932 quoted Doolittle as saying, "She is the sweetest ship I've ever flown. She is perfect in every respect and the motor is just as good as it was a week ago. It never missed a beat and has lots of stuff in it yet. I think this proves that the Granville brothers up in Springfield build the very best speed ships in America today." Another Springfield paper of the same date quoted Doolittle as saying, "The ship performed admirably. She was so fast that there was no need of my taking sharp turns although if the competition had been stiffer I would have. I just hope Russell Boardman can take her out soon and bring her in for a new record. There were lots of things we might have adjusted more properly if we had had time to run tests with the ship, and they would have meant more speed. I am sure Russell Boardman can take her around at quite a bit more than 300 miles an hour so you see my record may not last long after all." 

Paragraph 41: Jones fondness for the duet stretched back to the beginning of his career when, in 1957, he recorded "Yearning", a hit with Jeanette Hicks.  He also recorded with Margie Singleton, Melba Montgomery, Brenda Carter and, most famously, Wynette.  The idea for My Very Special Guests was to pair Jones with his own country peers but also team him with admirers from other genres, an idea that was quite ahead of its time in the 1970s (Frank Sinatra would pretty much do the same thing with his Duets series years later).  The album featured many of the country stars that Jones fans were familiar with, like Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Johnny Paycheck (all three riding high on the red hot "outlaw movement") and Wynette, who sings "It Sure Was Good" with her ex, a song that nostalgically recalled the good times of a broken relationship (Ironically, the song was co-authored by George Richey, who Wynette married in the summer of 1978).  The ambitious pairings with pop and rock singers may have displeased many hardcore Jones fans but one of the songs, James Taylor's "Bartender's Blues", had been a top ten country hit in 1978.  Taylor wrote the tune with Jones in mind and sang harmony on the track.  Pop star Linda Ronstadt also joins Jones on the wistful "I've Turned You To Stone" and the pair would perform an impromptu version when she showed up at his 1980 performance at New York City's Bottom Line nightclub.  Emmylou Harris, who began her singing career backing country rock pioneer and Jones fan Gram Parsons, duets with Jones on the Rodney Crowell original "Here We Are" (Harris, who would go on to record with Jones several more times, had written the original liner notes for the singer's 1976 album The Battle, proclaiming that "when you hear George Jones sing, you are hearing a man who takes a song and makes it a work of art - always").  The Staples Singers and Dennis Locorriere and Ray Sawyer of the rock band Dr. Hook are also featured, but the most curious vocal pairing on My Very Special Guests came with then current New Wave star Elvis Costello.  Costello, an avowed Jones fan, had originally recorded the song for his debut album but it was left off due to the suggestion that including it might confuse the general public. "When I was on the road back then, I used to have to hide my George Jones albums," Costello is quoted in the 2005 reissue of the album.  "My manager used to say, 'Turn that George Jones off'...Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in a country idiom."

Paragraph 42: During Smithers' subsequent prison sentence in Seagate Federal Penitentiary, he was contacted telepathically by Mentallo, who was being held in a stasis field in the same prison. Mentallo was still capable of using his powers and he used them to orchestrate a break-out of his fellow prisoners, which included the hero Hawkeye (who was serving time for crimes he performed while a member of the Thunderbolts) and Headlok (whom Mentallo had possessed). The criminals, remotely "chained" to one another, escaped as the so-called Chain Gang. The Chain Gang reluctantly agreed to work together to search for a way to survive, deactivate their security manacles, and search for a weapon of great power left behind by the death of the criminal industrialist Justin Hammer. The weapon had come to the attention of Mentallo by Hammer himself before he died, as Hammer awakened Mentallo's powers while he was in the stasis field. Unknown to his associates, Hawkeye was actually working undercover on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ultimately, the Chain Gang was tracked down by Hawkeye's former teammate Songbird, who helped Hawkeye defeat the villains. They discovered that Hammer's legacy was a biological toxin that had been ingested by every single villain who had ever worked for him. Smithers was the carrier. Hawkeye, Songbird, and Smithers began a new search for the trigger that would release Plantman's toxin so that it would not fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 43: The song was released as a Beatles single in 1996 in the United Kingdom, United States and many other countries. It respectively reached number 4 and number 11 in the UK and US singles charts, and earned a gold record more quickly than a number of the group's other singles. The song was not included on the BBC Radio 1 playlist, prompting criticism from fans and British Members of Parliament. The track opened the Beatles' Anthology 2 album. It is the last single by the Beatles to become a top 40 hit in the US, the last released record of new material credited to the Beatles, and the last to originate and be included on an album as well as the last top 10 hit in the UK.