Paragraph 1: In 2015, Tony and Diane are left shocked to discover that Diane and Tegan Lomax (Jessica Ellis) babies, Dee Dee and Rose were swapped at birth, meaning Rose is Diane and Tony's biological daughter and Dee Dee is Tegan's. But in June 2015, panic strikes the village when Rose is taken by a mystery culprit, several of the villagers, including Diane, Tony, Tegan, Simone Loveday (Jacqueline Boatswain) and Louis Loveday (Karl Collins). In the time Rose is missing, both Diane and Tony have been arrested and at one point, Tony ends up kissing Tegan, which Diane witnesses, resulting in her pouring water over him. In October 2015, Tony hosts a Gay Pride event to prove to Diane's nephew, Scott Drinkwell (Ross Adams) and Esther Bloom (Jazmine Franks) that he is not a homophobic. However, on the day of the event, he discovers that his son, Harry (now played by Parry Glasspool), has been having an affair with his best friend and business partner, Ste, he is outraged at this and tries to keep the two apart. Diane later reveals to Tony that she still loves him and wants them to renew their wedding vows. Before they renew their vows, Diane and Tony emotionally give Rose back to Tegan and then proceed to renew their vows. Tony is later left shocked as Scott tries to frame him for poisoning Diane and they discover this with Tony wanting Scott out of the house but after an emotional chat, Diane allows him to stay. He then finally accepts his son's sexuality and relationship with Ste. Following the poison drama, Diane temporarily leaves the village, leaving Tony to run the Hutch on his own, however she returns in February 2016. In May 2016, Tony and Diane discover that Scott has been helping Marnie Nightingale (Lysette Anthony) and her son, James (Gregory Finnegan), to get The Hutch off them, which they later agree to sell to Marnie due their ongoing money issues. They are later employed by Marnie but find themselves controlled. In June 2016, a man named Mr Sheffield arrives at the flat and offers Diane and Tony jobs in a restaurant in Paris, Diane as a waitress and Tony as a chef. They accept but Tony is later saddened to know that he will be working as a junior chef and decides not to go, however Diane convinces him to go. The day of their departure arrives in July 2016, but as him and Diane are about to leave, Harry breaks the news that Ste is back on drugs so he decides to stay, whilst Diane leaves for France. In August 2016, he unites with Darren, Maxine Minniver (Nikki Sanderson) and Grace Black (Tamara Wall) to try and frame Warren and get him out of the village. Grace conducts the plan that they burn down the garage but Warren catches Darren, Maxine and Tony, they have been set up. In October 2016, Cindy is employed as pot washer at Nightingales and they both find themselves controlled by Marnie. He is later shocked but delighted as Cindy's sister, Jude Cunningham (Davinia Taylor) returns to the village as a property developer, with a plan to build luxurious flats in the village, unaware it is a scam.

Paragraph 2: Brady returns to Salem in November 2008 after beating his addiction. Divorced from Chloe, he comes back to Salem to talk things out with her and reunite with his troubled family. Brady and Chloe eventually come to terms with the end of their marriage and decide to remain friends. Brady sensitively deals with a father who does not remember him. Supporting Marlena in her quest to help John regain his memory, Brady foils the plot for revenge leveled against his stepmother, and masterminded by none other than his father's therapist, Dr. Charlotte Taylor. Brady also makes peace with his old flame, Nicole Walker, who was pregnant at the time with EJ DiMera's child. As a peace offering, going through his own recovery, he offers to be her shoulder if she needs help with not drinking while carrying the child. When Nicole suffers a miscarriage, she confides in Brady about it, deeming she would continue to fake her pregnancy, something Brady was not taking kindly to. Brady soon enters into a relationship with Arianna Hernandez, the sister of Rafe Hernandez. After proposing to Arianna, she is framed by Nicole for the Salem muggings. Unable to convince Brady of her innocence, she breaks off the engagement. Determined to reconcile her relationship with Brady, Nicole begins to romance him and they rekindle their broken relationship. Brady soon begins drinking once again, providing worry for his close family and friends. Brady's life continues to spiral downward when Arianna is killed in a hit-and-run car accident. Nicole and Brady subsequently end their relationship once again when Nicole makes an arrangement with EJ, to get visitation with his daughter, Sydney. But when EJ cheats on Nicole with her sister Taylor, Nicole and Brady realize they both still love each other, and are reunited. However, the relationship ends when both of them feel like they have "fizzled out", and they decide to be good friends as Nicole vows to be independent. However, Nicole is eventually reunited with EJ.

Paragraph 3: The following morning the Combined Fleet was widely dispersed with the Fourth Division trailing Tōgō's main body by . At 05:20 the Fifth Division, some  south of Tōgō, reported spotting the bulk of the Russian survivors and Uryū was ordered was ordered to maintain contact with them at 06:00, although he had just relayed the Fifth Division's report. The Fourth Division then turned east-southeast on what Uryū estimated to be an interception course. About an hour later, Uryū's ships encountered the crippled protected cruiser  and he detached his two weakest ships to deal with the cruiser. Shortly after 08:00 the Fourth Division, now consisting of Naniwa, Takachiho and Tsushima, found the main body of Rear Admiral Nikolai Nebogatov's Third Pacific Squadron of damaged and obsolete battleships and coast-defense ships. Uryū's ships kept their distance and Tōgō's battleships and armored cruisers opened fire about 10:15. Nebogatov surrendered less than two hours later. Uryū took the Fourth Division to search for more missing Russian ships around 17:00 and spotted Dmitrii Donskoi less than an hour later. The Russian ship attempted to disengage, but she was forced into battle when two more Japanese cruisers appeared ahead of her. The ship's captain then altered course and increased speed in an attempt to run her aground  on the island of Ulleungdo, but the northern group of ships opened fire at about 19:00 and the Fourth Division joined them a half-hour later. Uryū's ships closed the range down to  before he attempted to cut ahead of the armored cuiser to prevent her from reaching her destination before dark. As Naniwa made her turn around 20:00, she was struck by a six-inch shell from Dmitrii Donskoi that caused so much flooding that the ship had a 7° list several minutes later and was forced to disengage. Combined with the gathering darkness, the damage caused Uryū to withdraw and let the destroyers handle the fight as they were better suited to close-range action in the dark than his ships. Several days after the battle, Naniwa and Takachiho, together with the armored cruiser , were detached to monitor the internment of some Russian colliers that had entered Chinese ports before the battle. Uryū was relieved of command on 12 June and Naniwa steamed for home that same day. Two days later Tōgō reorganized the fleet and Rear Admiral Ogura had hoisted his flag aboard the cruiser.

Paragraph 4: The work, dated to around 550 CE, consists of a compilation of church histories, parts of which were selected by Cassiodorus, and translated into Latin by Epiphanius Scholasticus. It epitomized three Greek works in particular, the church histories of Socrates Scholasticus, Sozomen and Theodoret, written in the previous century. An Italian theory posited its composition around 510 CE, arguing that the work was composed using the library Cassiodorus assembled at the Monasterium Vivariense, the monastery of Vivarium on his family estates at the foot of Mount Moscius on the shores of the Ionian Sea. It is now thought to have been composed several decades later, in Constantinople, around the time the crisis in relations between Justinian and the Western Church, around 550 CE.

Paragraph 5: The Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood includes several diplomatic residences, such as the French ambassador's residence at 2221 Kalorama Road, and the Residence of the Ambassador of the Netherlands at 2347 S Street, as well as 28 embassies. It includes much of Embassy Row on Massachusetts Avenue. The Taft Bridge, carrying Connecticut Avenue over Rock Creek Park, with its concrete lions, is a notable feature. The Spanish Steps are another neighborhood landmark. Notable historic buildings include William E. Borah Apartment, Windsor Lodge, The Lindens, Lothrop Mansion, Miller House, Codman-Davis House, Wyoming Apartments, and the Charles Evans Hughes House. It also includes the Anthony Holmead Archeological Site.

Paragraph 6: Gopalakrishnan (Dileep) a chef by profession arrives at a flat and mesmerises all the housewife's in the building with his amazing skills in cooking. He solves several problems within the houses of several families living in the flat and thus gains the trust of everyone. In a food fest he impresses one of the customers who is the director of a channel and gets an opportunity to perform a food show on the channel. He goes to the channel office where he has to go to perform a cooking show. But the show gets cancelled and he gets trapped in the lift there with Radhika Menon (Ruchita Prasad). Inside the lift, he befriends Radhika with his innovative ideas for light and food and cooks biriyani for her inside the lift. Radhika turns out to be the cinematographer of Gopalakrishnan's food show. Soon they fall in love during the shoot of food show episodes, and they marry with the support of his neighbours and Radhika's rich household. In the middle of their marriage ceremony, Radhika learns that Gopalakrishnan has already married a girl named Mallika and she asked permission from Gopalakrishnan to go with her lover as she was pregnant with her lover's child. Radhika feels upset thinking Gopalakrishnan cheated her without disclosing this information. She refuses to live with Gopalakrishnan. But everyone convinces her to give Gopalakrishnan a chance and she moves in to his house, to a different room, accompanied by her grandmother who fuels her mistrust because she does not like Gopalakrishnan. During that time Gopalakrishnan's friend (Innocent) arrives who is a cook in the army right now and acts as his father. He tries to her Gopalakrishnan win Radhika back, but his plans misfire and lead to problems instead. One day Radhika comes home to see Mallika leaving the house and this leads to Radhika deciding to end all relations with Gopalakrishnan, and she goes to her home asks for a divorce from Gopalakrishnan. Saddened by the events Gopalakrishnan drives car in deep mental agony, and ends up getting hit by a lorry. He is however, taken to the hospital on time and his life is saved. Meanwhile, Radhika's father, upon coming to know that Radhika had initiated divorce proceedings against Gopalakrishnan, tells her that Gopalakrishnan had informed the father of the marriage with Mallika and her eloping, etc. earlier itself, and that the father did not convey it to Radhika because he did not consider it relevant. Apparently, Mallika was Gopalakrishnan's uncle's daughter and because he allowed her to elope with her lover, the uncle and sons attacked Gopalakrishnan and he was forced to flee from his hometown. Radhika on being informed about Gopalakrishnan's past and his talks with her father feels guilty for causing this immense pain for Gopalakrishnan. At the hospital Radhika asks for forgiveness and they reunite there.

Paragraph 7: The beginning of the section describing the confrontation between the two rivals is difficult to interpret, but it is presumed Baal falls under the power of Yam, apparently described as “the sieve of destruction”. Mark S. Smith argues that since Yam is still at “the apogee of his power”, Baal apparently curses against him. It has been proposed that he subsequently sinks underneath Yam’s throne and a third party, possibly Ashtart, affirms that he is losing, though the interpretation of this fragment is disputed. However, Kothar-wa-Khasis reassures Baal and crafts two weapons for him, declaring that he will be able to defeat Yam. They are presumed to be either maces or fictional lightning-like weapons, known from depictions of weather gods. They both receive names, meant to designate them as capable of “expelling” and “driving away” Yam from his throne. Baal first strikes him with Yagarrish (“may-it-drive-out”), but is unsuccessful, and only with the second strike, using Ayyamarri (“anyone-it-may-expel”), does he actually defeat him. Yam collapses on the ground, though the fight continues. Baal might be “ensnaring” him. A possible reference to “drying up” has also been identified. In the following passage Ashtart according to most interpreters rebukes Baal, possibly because he did not act quickly or wisely enough in battle. Alternate proposals include understanding her words as a warning not to further harm already defeated Yam, or a curse directed at the sea god. The meaning of the term describing Baal’s actions in Ashtart’s speech, bṯ, is uncertain,though “scatter” has been proposed based on a possible Arabic cognate, baṯṯa, and on similar phrasing of the later section of the text dealing with Anat’s victory over Mot. Ashtart subsequently proclaims Yam is now their captive. This declaration constitutes a reversal of El ordering Baal to become Yam’s captive in an earlier section of the story. In the next passage uncertain speakers, possibly Ashtart and Kothar-wa-Khasis, proclaim Baal’s kingship and state that Yam is dead. However, it is a matter of debate if he is actually destroyed or killed as a result of his battle with Baal. Meindert Dijkstra assumes that he was not, and Baal’s victory only curtailed his power. Mark S. Smith notes that while the verb used to describe the conclusion of the fight, tkly, does have the base meaning of “destroy”, in the light of further references to Yam in the story it is possible that either its verbal mood is meant to indicate that Baal only “would destroy” him if given the chance, or that it constitutes a relic of an earlier version of the story. He proposes that incorporation of the conflict between Baal and Yam into a longer narrative necessitated his reappearance despite a possible earlier version simply concluding with his death. It is also possible that Yam’s continuous presence is meant to highlight that he represents a lasting threat, and perhaps hint at the battles against him repeating eternally.

Paragraph 8: China initiated economic reforms when Deng Xiaoping came to power after Mao Zedong died. The opening up of the country gave chefs from Hong Kong chances to reestablish links with chefs from mainland China severed in 1949 and opportunities to gain awareness of various regional Chinese cuisines. Many of these cuisines also contributed to nouvelle Cantonese cuisines in Hong Kong. The lift of martial law in Taiwan in 1987 jump-started Taiwanese links with mainland China and has caused a proliferation of eateries specialising in Taiwanese cuisine in Hong Kong as Taiwanese tourists and businessmen used Hong Kong as a midpoint for visits to mainland China. From 1978 until 1997 there was no dispute Hong Kong was the epicenter of Chinese, not only Cantonese, cuisine worldwide, with Chinese restaurants in mainland China and Taiwan, and among overseas Chinese communities, racing to employ chefs trained or worked in Hong Kong and emulating dishes improved upon or invented in Hong Kong. Hong Kong-style Cantonese cuisine () became a coinword for innovative Chinese cuisine during this period. It was even unofficially rumoured the Chinese government had secretly consulted the head chef for the  of Hong Kong, part of the Maxim's restaurant and catering conglomerate, to teach chefs back at the renowned Quanjude restaurant in Beijing how to make good Peking duck, Quanjude's signature dish, in the early 1980s as the skills to produce the dish were largely lost during the Cultural Revolution.

Paragraph 9: China initiated economic reforms when Deng Xiaoping came to power after Mao Zedong died. The opening up of the country gave chefs from Hong Kong chances to reestablish links with chefs from mainland China severed in 1949 and opportunities to gain awareness of various regional Chinese cuisines. Many of these cuisines also contributed to nouvelle Cantonese cuisines in Hong Kong. The lift of martial law in Taiwan in 1987 jump-started Taiwanese links with mainland China and has caused a proliferation of eateries specialising in Taiwanese cuisine in Hong Kong as Taiwanese tourists and businessmen used Hong Kong as a midpoint for visits to mainland China. From 1978 until 1997 there was no dispute Hong Kong was the epicenter of Chinese, not only Cantonese, cuisine worldwide, with Chinese restaurants in mainland China and Taiwan, and among overseas Chinese communities, racing to employ chefs trained or worked in Hong Kong and emulating dishes improved upon or invented in Hong Kong. Hong Kong-style Cantonese cuisine () became a coinword for innovative Chinese cuisine during this period. It was even unofficially rumoured the Chinese government had secretly consulted the head chef for the  of Hong Kong, part of the Maxim's restaurant and catering conglomerate, to teach chefs back at the renowned Quanjude restaurant in Beijing how to make good Peking duck, Quanjude's signature dish, in the early 1980s as the skills to produce the dish were largely lost during the Cultural Revolution.

Paragraph 10: "I cannot remember everything. I must have been unconscious most of the time.I remember only the grandiose moment when they all started to sing, as if prearranged, the old prayer they had neglected for so many years – the forgotten creed!But I have no recollection how I got underground to live in the sewers of Warsaw for so long a time.The day began as usual: Reveille when it still was dark. "Get out!" Whether you slept or whether worries kept you awake the whole night. You had been separated from your children, from your wife, from your parents. You don't know what happened to them … How could you sleep?The trumpets again – "Get out! The sergeant will be furious!" They came out; some very slowly, the old ones, the sick ones; some with nervous agility. They fear the sergeant. They hurry as much as they can. In vain! Much too much noise, much too much commotion! And not fast enough! The Feldwebel shouts: "Achtung! Stilljestanden!  Na wird's mal! Oder soll ich mit dem Jewehrkolben nachhelfen? Na jut; wenn ihrs durchaus haben wollt!" ("Attention! Stand still! How about it, or should I help you along with the butt of my rifle? Oh well, if you really want to have it!")The sergeant and his subordinates hit (everyone): young or old, (strong or sick), guilty or innocent … .It was painful to hear them groaning and moaning.I heard it though I had been hit very hard, so hard that I could not help falling down. We all on the (ground) who could not stand up were (then) beaten over the head … .I must have been unconscious. The next thing I heard was a soldier saying: "They are all dead!"Whereupon the sergeant ordered to do away with us.There I lay aside half conscious. It had become very still – fear and pain. Then I heard the sergeant shouting: "Abzählen!" ("Count off!")They start slowly and irregularly: one, two, three, four – "Achtung!" The sergeant shouted again, "Rascher! Nochmals von vorn anfange! In einer Minute will ich wissen, wieviele ich zur Gaskammer abliefere! Abzählen!" ("Faster! Once more, start from the beginning! In one minute I want to know how many I am going to send off to the gas chamber! Count off!")They began again, first slowly: one, two, three, four, became faster and faster, so fast that it finally sounded like a stampede of wild horses, and (all) of a sudden, in the middle of it, they began singing the Shema Yisrael."

Paragraph 11: 1837, June: Fese's Ashitla-Tilitl campaign: Akhmet Khan of Mekhtuli (?modern Dzhengutai, 33 km E), the temporary ruler of the Avar Khanate, fearing Shamil, arranged for the Russians to occupy Khunzakh. On 29 May 5000 Russians reached Khunzakh from Temir-Khan-Shura, having taken 20 days and building a road as they went. On 5 June Fese left Khunzakh for Shamil's headquarters at Ashitla (9 km W on the Andi Koysu).  Untsukul submitted and on 8 June he was on the Betl plateau overlooking Ashitla.  Here he detached a battalion to deal with Tilitl (see below).   The next day they crossed the Betl River and came to Ashitla which was occupied by 2000 Murids. The village was taken by 2PM with a good deal of house-to-house fighting, but the Russian losses were only 28 killed and 156 wounded. They counted 87 enemy dead, but many were probably carried away. No prisoners were taken. Some Murids retreated north of the river and some east to Old Akhulgo where many were killed and 78 taken prisoner. The vineyards and orchards around Ashitla were devastated. A fresh horde of mountaineers, said to be 12,000, appeared near Igali and Fese, around the 15th, performed a "strategic movement to the rear", losing 7 officers and 160 men.   Meanwhile, Shamil was besieged in Tilitl (probably , 37 km S). On 7 June he had made a sortie, both sides losing about 300 men, which was a significant share of their forces.  Fese reached Tilitl on 26 June. Tilitl had 600 houses, nine towers, steep slopes on three sides and a cliff behind. The towers were soon blasted by artillery and a general assault was made on 5 July. Half the village was gained with much slaughter and Shamil sent envoys to treat for peace. An agreement was made that neither side would attack the other, which amounted to a Russian recognition of Shamil's sovereignty. Fese withdrew on the 7th and reached Khunzakh on the 10th. Fese's withdrawal at a point of near victory is explained by the condition of his army.  He had lost 1000 men, most of his horses and wagons, his soldiers needed boots and he was short of ammunition. Fese claimed he had won and Shamil presented his retreat as divine intervention.  Shamil went north, surveyed the ruins of Ashitla and set about building a stronger fort at Akhulgo (9 km NW on the Andi Koysu).

Paragraph 12: In 2015, Tony and Diane are left shocked to discover that Diane and Tegan Lomax (Jessica Ellis) babies, Dee Dee and Rose were swapped at birth, meaning Rose is Diane and Tony's biological daughter and Dee Dee is Tegan's. But in June 2015, panic strikes the village when Rose is taken by a mystery culprit, several of the villagers, including Diane, Tony, Tegan, Simone Loveday (Jacqueline Boatswain) and Louis Loveday (Karl Collins). In the time Rose is missing, both Diane and Tony have been arrested and at one point, Tony ends up kissing Tegan, which Diane witnesses, resulting in her pouring water over him. In October 2015, Tony hosts a Gay Pride event to prove to Diane's nephew, Scott Drinkwell (Ross Adams) and Esther Bloom (Jazmine Franks) that he is not a homophobic. However, on the day of the event, he discovers that his son, Harry (now played by Parry Glasspool), has been having an affair with his best friend and business partner, Ste, he is outraged at this and tries to keep the two apart. Diane later reveals to Tony that she still loves him and wants them to renew their wedding vows. Before they renew their vows, Diane and Tony emotionally give Rose back to Tegan and then proceed to renew their vows. Tony is later left shocked as Scott tries to frame him for poisoning Diane and they discover this with Tony wanting Scott out of the house but after an emotional chat, Diane allows him to stay. He then finally accepts his son's sexuality and relationship with Ste. Following the poison drama, Diane temporarily leaves the village, leaving Tony to run the Hutch on his own, however she returns in February 2016. In May 2016, Tony and Diane discover that Scott has been helping Marnie Nightingale (Lysette Anthony) and her son, James (Gregory Finnegan), to get The Hutch off them, which they later agree to sell to Marnie due their ongoing money issues. They are later employed by Marnie but find themselves controlled. In June 2016, a man named Mr Sheffield arrives at the flat and offers Diane and Tony jobs in a restaurant in Paris, Diane as a waitress and Tony as a chef. They accept but Tony is later saddened to know that he will be working as a junior chef and decides not to go, however Diane convinces him to go. The day of their departure arrives in July 2016, but as him and Diane are about to leave, Harry breaks the news that Ste is back on drugs so he decides to stay, whilst Diane leaves for France. In August 2016, he unites with Darren, Maxine Minniver (Nikki Sanderson) and Grace Black (Tamara Wall) to try and frame Warren and get him out of the village. Grace conducts the plan that they burn down the garage but Warren catches Darren, Maxine and Tony, they have been set up. In October 2016, Cindy is employed as pot washer at Nightingales and they both find themselves controlled by Marnie. He is later shocked but delighted as Cindy's sister, Jude Cunningham (Davinia Taylor) returns to the village as a property developer, with a plan to build luxurious flats in the village, unaware it is a scam.

Paragraph 13: Marketing plans have become quite intricate and detailed in many ways. Analysts and industry experts used a myriad of tools to collect information from would be customers, previous customers and others in order to fashion the sales message of a particular product. This level of detailed work has evolved over time, but in many ways the same resources and information are gathered and used to achieve result of a sale. The marketing strategy feeds into one of the final products most people get to experience: the commercial. The commercial embodies the elements of the marketing strategy in language, affective response, and attitude change. Marketing plans in the modern age also look at the international customer when creating plans and formulating strategy. "An evolutionary perspective of internationalization of the firm has been adopted by a number of authors in the areas of international economics and international management. The theory of the international product lifecycle, propounded by Vernon and others, identifies a number of phases in the internationalization process based on the location of production. In the initial phase, a firm exports to overseas markets from a domestic production base. As market potential builds up, overseas production facilities are established. Low cost local competition then enters the market, and ultimately exports to the home market of the initial entrant, thus challenging its international market position.""This model is part of wider Dichotic theory of salience, according to which a stimulus is salient either when it is incongruent in a certain context to a perceiver's schema, or when it is congruent in a certain context to a perceiver's goal. According to the four propositions of the model, in-salient stimuli are better recalled, affect both attention and interpretation, and are moderated by the degree of perceivers' comprehension (i.e., activation, accessibility, and availability of schemata), and involvement (i.e., personal relevance of the stimuli). Results of two empirical studies on print advertisements show that in-salient ad messages have the strongest impact in triggering ad processing which, in turn, leads to consumer awareness."The field of marketing is continually being studied and researched. Anshular & Kumar, Williams & Schmidt, Holden, Kuznetsov & Whitelock, and Huang & Chan have researched and published works regarding the language of marketing. Although the research is ongoing and adaptive to the customer, the research has been able to study points of importance to the consumer. Marketing requires an approach that carefully designs messages (commercials), utilizing signs and symbols to resonate with a potential buyer or customer. Nike's swoosh, Michael Jordan's jump-man image, Ford/GMC Cadillac logos are all signs that most people can quickly grab and discern the message being laid out. In the world of marketing having this power and ability lends a significant edge in comparison to the competition. Van Der Lans, Pieters, and Wedel write based on their research: "We estimate brand salience at the point of purchase, based on perceptual features (color, luminance, edges) and how these are influenced by consumers’ search goals. We show that the salience of brands has a pervasive effect on search performance, and is determined by two key components: The bottom-up component is due to in-store activity and package design. The top-down component is due to out-of-store marketing activities such as advertising."Using computer based langue to design extraction tools as part of the user experiences. Language errors that exists in projects can be passed on and further create issues for the next group. From this view issues to be fixed, ID’d and solutions set up to combat such issues. In the IT world, coding language is very important and therefore errors must be monitored well throughout the process.

Paragraph 14: 1837, June: Fese's Ashitla-Tilitl campaign: Akhmet Khan of Mekhtuli (?modern Dzhengutai, 33 km E), the temporary ruler of the Avar Khanate, fearing Shamil, arranged for the Russians to occupy Khunzakh. On 29 May 5000 Russians reached Khunzakh from Temir-Khan-Shura, having taken 20 days and building a road as they went. On 5 June Fese left Khunzakh for Shamil's headquarters at Ashitla (9 km W on the Andi Koysu).  Untsukul submitted and on 8 June he was on the Betl plateau overlooking Ashitla.  Here he detached a battalion to deal with Tilitl (see below).   The next day they crossed the Betl River and came to Ashitla which was occupied by 2000 Murids. The village was taken by 2PM with a good deal of house-to-house fighting, but the Russian losses were only 28 killed and 156 wounded. They counted 87 enemy dead, but many were probably carried away. No prisoners were taken. Some Murids retreated north of the river and some east to Old Akhulgo where many were killed and 78 taken prisoner. The vineyards and orchards around Ashitla were devastated. A fresh horde of mountaineers, said to be 12,000, appeared near Igali and Fese, around the 15th, performed a "strategic movement to the rear", losing 7 officers and 160 men.   Meanwhile, Shamil was besieged in Tilitl (probably , 37 km S). On 7 June he had made a sortie, both sides losing about 300 men, which was a significant share of their forces.  Fese reached Tilitl on 26 June. Tilitl had 600 houses, nine towers, steep slopes on three sides and a cliff behind. The towers were soon blasted by artillery and a general assault was made on 5 July. Half the village was gained with much slaughter and Shamil sent envoys to treat for peace. An agreement was made that neither side would attack the other, which amounted to a Russian recognition of Shamil's sovereignty. Fese withdrew on the 7th and reached Khunzakh on the 10th. Fese's withdrawal at a point of near victory is explained by the condition of his army.  He had lost 1000 men, most of his horses and wagons, his soldiers needed boots and he was short of ammunition. Fese claimed he had won and Shamil presented his retreat as divine intervention.  Shamil went north, surveyed the ruins of Ashitla and set about building a stronger fort at Akhulgo (9 km NW on the Andi Koysu).

Paragraph 15: Back at the House of Mystery, Nightmare Nurse is tending to Constantine, who is suffering from adverse side effects from the Blackmare Curse. In order to find the location of the Justice Leagues, Phantom Stranger attempts to accelerate Constantine's recovery by taking himself and Nightmare Nurse into one of Constantine's memories. There, the Phantom Stranger forces Constantine to use the light in himself to fight off his personal demons, which cures him. Constantine combines his magic with Pandora's and they are able to locate the Justice League members in Nanda Parbat. Once there, Deadman in Sea King's body is able to gain entrance to the temples, where the group realizes that Felix Faust and Nick Necro are behind the operation. Under a concealment spell, the group follows Deadman further into the temple to try and rescue the Justice Leagues. Deadman is show around the facility by Necro and Faust and learns the intent of the project. Necro realizes that Deadman is hiding in Sea King's body and Faust is able to neutralize him. Knowing that the other members would have followed him, Faust activates security measures for the project. Once inside, the group activates the defense spells put in place by Necro and Faust. Constantine is separated from the rest except for Nightmare Nurse. Pandora, still with the others, surrenders to Necro and Faust and willingly gets placed in a Thaumaton Wheel. Constantine and Nightmare Nurse travel further through the temple, where they eventually come across the other mystics being held for the project Necro and Faust has been working on. They see Black Orchid, Cassandra Craft, Shade, the Changing Man, Enchantress, Blackbriar Thorn, Blue Devil, Papa Midnite, Sargon and Zatanna being held for the use in the Crime Syndicate's weapons program to use against the entity that destroyed their world. Constantine realizes that Nightmare Nurse is not herself, actually Necro in disguise. The two fight and Constantine is able to stop Necro in order to try and free Zatanna. Before he is able to, he is captured by Faust. Constantine hopes the rest of his team will help him, not realizing that they have been captured too to be used for the project. Nightmare Nurse gets loaded into the machine, and is able to survive the blast. However, she becomes severely burned in the process. Pandora volunteers to be the next test subject, and is loaded into the machine. Once they are about to begin the test, she transforms into the Light being, and is able to destroy the machines. Necro and Faust attempt to stabilize the location before it blows, while Pandora teleports the mystics away. However, she is only able to teleport the Phantom Stranger and Cassandra Craft, leaving the others stranded.

Paragraph 16: 1837, June: Fese's Ashitla-Tilitl campaign: Akhmet Khan of Mekhtuli (?modern Dzhengutai, 33 km E), the temporary ruler of the Avar Khanate, fearing Shamil, arranged for the Russians to occupy Khunzakh. On 29 May 5000 Russians reached Khunzakh from Temir-Khan-Shura, having taken 20 days and building a road as they went. On 5 June Fese left Khunzakh for Shamil's headquarters at Ashitla (9 km W on the Andi Koysu).  Untsukul submitted and on 8 June he was on the Betl plateau overlooking Ashitla.  Here he detached a battalion to deal with Tilitl (see below).   The next day they crossed the Betl River and came to Ashitla which was occupied by 2000 Murids. The village was taken by 2PM with a good deal of house-to-house fighting, but the Russian losses were only 28 killed and 156 wounded. They counted 87 enemy dead, but many were probably carried away. No prisoners were taken. Some Murids retreated north of the river and some east to Old Akhulgo where many were killed and 78 taken prisoner. The vineyards and orchards around Ashitla were devastated. A fresh horde of mountaineers, said to be 12,000, appeared near Igali and Fese, around the 15th, performed a "strategic movement to the rear", losing 7 officers and 160 men.   Meanwhile, Shamil was besieged in Tilitl (probably , 37 km S). On 7 June he had made a sortie, both sides losing about 300 men, which was a significant share of their forces.  Fese reached Tilitl on 26 June. Tilitl had 600 houses, nine towers, steep slopes on three sides and a cliff behind. The towers were soon blasted by artillery and a general assault was made on 5 July. Half the village was gained with much slaughter and Shamil sent envoys to treat for peace. An agreement was made that neither side would attack the other, which amounted to a Russian recognition of Shamil's sovereignty. Fese withdrew on the 7th and reached Khunzakh on the 10th. Fese's withdrawal at a point of near victory is explained by the condition of his army.  He had lost 1000 men, most of his horses and wagons, his soldiers needed boots and he was short of ammunition. Fese claimed he had won and Shamil presented his retreat as divine intervention.  Shamil went north, surveyed the ruins of Ashitla and set about building a stronger fort at Akhulgo (9 km NW on the Andi Koysu).

Paragraph 17: The team opened the season with starting quarterback Jerry Golsteyn, who had thrown only one NFL pass since 1978, and who had joined the Buccaneers the previous year while playing semi-professional football and working in an Orlando health club. Golsteyn was named the surprise starter after a strong preseason, but was demoted in favor of Jack Thompson after committing key errors in the first two games. Constant injury problems prevented the Buccaneers from establishing any consistency on offense. In addition to all offensive linemen suffering injuries, the team was left with only three healthy receivers when Kevin House pulled a muscle in the same week that Gene Branton was placed on injured reserve. The team continued the previous year's trend of needing to come back from second-half deficits, with the difference being that the team no longer had big-play potential.  Observers felt that the team performed as though they had lost the confidence that they could score points when they needed to. The Buccaneers ranked last in the league in the ratio of touchdowns scored to touchdowns allowed.  Despite the team's offensive woes, McKay refused to blame Thompson or any of the other quarterbacks, showing a patience similar to that which he showed with Doug Williams. He continued to state that Thompson was consistent and could become "a good solid quarterback", but acknowledged that he had not performed to expectations. He stated that the team would be looking to improve their quarterback situation the following year, but that the draft was expected to be short on quarterbacks, and that the team was not likely to be able to find a better player than Thompson through trades or free agency. A rumored trade for New York Giants quarterback Phil Simms never developed; Simms eventually broke his thumb and went on injured reserve. For the first three weeks of the season, the team ranked 2nd in the NFC in defense, but last in offense. The defense collapsed after the third game, allowing 55, 27, and 34 points in the next three losses. McKay said that defensive players were beginning to worry about covering for other players instead of focusing on their own position, and that the defense was breaking down as a result. He also noted that the increased booing was causing the players to tighten up and play what McKay called "scared football". After McKay threatened to punch Milwaukee Sentinel reporter Bud Lea following a 55–14 loss to the Packers, a newspaper poll showed that 92% of Florida residents felt that McKay should be fired or announce his retirement.

Paragraph 18: The beginning of the section describing the confrontation between the two rivals is difficult to interpret, but it is presumed Baal falls under the power of Yam, apparently described as “the sieve of destruction”. Mark S. Smith argues that since Yam is still at “the apogee of his power”, Baal apparently curses against him. It has been proposed that he subsequently sinks underneath Yam’s throne and a third party, possibly Ashtart, affirms that he is losing, though the interpretation of this fragment is disputed. However, Kothar-wa-Khasis reassures Baal and crafts two weapons for him, declaring that he will be able to defeat Yam. They are presumed to be either maces or fictional lightning-like weapons, known from depictions of weather gods. They both receive names, meant to designate them as capable of “expelling” and “driving away” Yam from his throne. Baal first strikes him with Yagarrish (“may-it-drive-out”), but is unsuccessful, and only with the second strike, using Ayyamarri (“anyone-it-may-expel”), does he actually defeat him. Yam collapses on the ground, though the fight continues. Baal might be “ensnaring” him. A possible reference to “drying up” has also been identified. In the following passage Ashtart according to most interpreters rebukes Baal, possibly because he did not act quickly or wisely enough in battle. Alternate proposals include understanding her words as a warning not to further harm already defeated Yam, or a curse directed at the sea god. The meaning of the term describing Baal’s actions in Ashtart’s speech, bṯ, is uncertain,though “scatter” has been proposed based on a possible Arabic cognate, baṯṯa, and on similar phrasing of the later section of the text dealing with Anat’s victory over Mot. Ashtart subsequently proclaims Yam is now their captive. This declaration constitutes a reversal of El ordering Baal to become Yam’s captive in an earlier section of the story. In the next passage uncertain speakers, possibly Ashtart and Kothar-wa-Khasis, proclaim Baal’s kingship and state that Yam is dead. However, it is a matter of debate if he is actually destroyed or killed as a result of his battle with Baal. Meindert Dijkstra assumes that he was not, and Baal’s victory only curtailed his power. Mark S. Smith notes that while the verb used to describe the conclusion of the fight, tkly, does have the base meaning of “destroy”, in the light of further references to Yam in the story it is possible that either its verbal mood is meant to indicate that Baal only “would destroy” him if given the chance, or that it constitutes a relic of an earlier version of the story. He proposes that incorporation of the conflict between Baal and Yam into a longer narrative necessitated his reappearance despite a possible earlier version simply concluding with his death. It is also possible that Yam’s continuous presence is meant to highlight that he represents a lasting threat, and perhaps hint at the battles against him repeating eternally.

Paragraph 19: The beginning of the section describing the confrontation between the two rivals is difficult to interpret, but it is presumed Baal falls under the power of Yam, apparently described as “the sieve of destruction”. Mark S. Smith argues that since Yam is still at “the apogee of his power”, Baal apparently curses against him. It has been proposed that he subsequently sinks underneath Yam’s throne and a third party, possibly Ashtart, affirms that he is losing, though the interpretation of this fragment is disputed. However, Kothar-wa-Khasis reassures Baal and crafts two weapons for him, declaring that he will be able to defeat Yam. They are presumed to be either maces or fictional lightning-like weapons, known from depictions of weather gods. They both receive names, meant to designate them as capable of “expelling” and “driving away” Yam from his throne. Baal first strikes him with Yagarrish (“may-it-drive-out”), but is unsuccessful, and only with the second strike, using Ayyamarri (“anyone-it-may-expel”), does he actually defeat him. Yam collapses on the ground, though the fight continues. Baal might be “ensnaring” him. A possible reference to “drying up” has also been identified. In the following passage Ashtart according to most interpreters rebukes Baal, possibly because he did not act quickly or wisely enough in battle. Alternate proposals include understanding her words as a warning not to further harm already defeated Yam, or a curse directed at the sea god. The meaning of the term describing Baal’s actions in Ashtart’s speech, bṯ, is uncertain,though “scatter” has been proposed based on a possible Arabic cognate, baṯṯa, and on similar phrasing of the later section of the text dealing with Anat’s victory over Mot. Ashtart subsequently proclaims Yam is now their captive. This declaration constitutes a reversal of El ordering Baal to become Yam’s captive in an earlier section of the story. In the next passage uncertain speakers, possibly Ashtart and Kothar-wa-Khasis, proclaim Baal’s kingship and state that Yam is dead. However, it is a matter of debate if he is actually destroyed or killed as a result of his battle with Baal. Meindert Dijkstra assumes that he was not, and Baal’s victory only curtailed his power. Mark S. Smith notes that while the verb used to describe the conclusion of the fight, tkly, does have the base meaning of “destroy”, in the light of further references to Yam in the story it is possible that either its verbal mood is meant to indicate that Baal only “would destroy” him if given the chance, or that it constitutes a relic of an earlier version of the story. He proposes that incorporation of the conflict between Baal and Yam into a longer narrative necessitated his reappearance despite a possible earlier version simply concluding with his death. It is also possible that Yam’s continuous presence is meant to highlight that he represents a lasting threat, and perhaps hint at the battles against him repeating eternally.

Paragraph 20: The team opened the season with starting quarterback Jerry Golsteyn, who had thrown only one NFL pass since 1978, and who had joined the Buccaneers the previous year while playing semi-professional football and working in an Orlando health club. Golsteyn was named the surprise starter after a strong preseason, but was demoted in favor of Jack Thompson after committing key errors in the first two games. Constant injury problems prevented the Buccaneers from establishing any consistency on offense. In addition to all offensive linemen suffering injuries, the team was left with only three healthy receivers when Kevin House pulled a muscle in the same week that Gene Branton was placed on injured reserve. The team continued the previous year's trend of needing to come back from second-half deficits, with the difference being that the team no longer had big-play potential.  Observers felt that the team performed as though they had lost the confidence that they could score points when they needed to. The Buccaneers ranked last in the league in the ratio of touchdowns scored to touchdowns allowed.  Despite the team's offensive woes, McKay refused to blame Thompson or any of the other quarterbacks, showing a patience similar to that which he showed with Doug Williams. He continued to state that Thompson was consistent and could become "a good solid quarterback", but acknowledged that he had not performed to expectations. He stated that the team would be looking to improve their quarterback situation the following year, but that the draft was expected to be short on quarterbacks, and that the team was not likely to be able to find a better player than Thompson through trades or free agency. A rumored trade for New York Giants quarterback Phil Simms never developed; Simms eventually broke his thumb and went on injured reserve. For the first three weeks of the season, the team ranked 2nd in the NFC in defense, but last in offense. The defense collapsed after the third game, allowing 55, 27, and 34 points in the next three losses. McKay said that defensive players were beginning to worry about covering for other players instead of focusing on their own position, and that the defense was breaking down as a result. He also noted that the increased booing was causing the players to tighten up and play what McKay called "scared football". After McKay threatened to punch Milwaukee Sentinel reporter Bud Lea following a 55–14 loss to the Packers, a newspaper poll showed that 92% of Florida residents felt that McKay should be fired or announce his retirement.

Paragraph 21: Following the call from the allies for Japan to surrender, the Japanese decided to grant Indonesian independence to create problems for the Dutch when they reoccupied their colony. At a meeting in Singapore at the end of July, it was decided that Java would become independent at the end of September, followed by other areas. On 6 and 9 August, atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. On 7 August, the Japanese announced the formation of a Preparatory Committee for Indonesian Independence (PPKI) to accelerate preparations for establishing an Indonesian government for the whole of the East Indies, not just Java. Two days later, Sukarno, Hatta and Rajiman Wediodiningrat were flown by the Japanese to Dalat, near Saigon, to meet with Field Marshall Hisaichi Terauchi, the Japanese commander of the Southern Expeditionary Army Group, who promised independence for the territory of the former Dutch East Indies and formally appointed Sukarno and Hatta as chairman and vice-chairman of the PPKI. On 15 August, Japan surrendered, and the Japanese authorities in the East Indies were ordered to maintain the status quo pending the arrival of allied forces. However there was no official confirmation from the Japanese of the surrender. Again there was disagreement between the older generation, including Sukarno and Hatta, who were uncertain how to proceed, and the pemuda, including Sjahrir, who urged Sukarno to declare independence without the involvement of the PPKI to avoid accusations from the Allies that independence was sponsored by Japan. In the afternoon of 15 August, Sukarno, Hatta and BPUPK member and future foreign minister Achmad Soebardjo called on Maeda to ask about the surrender rumours, and received unofficial confirmation that they were true. Hatta then asked Soebardjo to arrange a meeting of the PPKI for the following day and went home to draft a proclamation.

Paragraph 22: Gopalakrishnan (Dileep) a chef by profession arrives at a flat and mesmerises all the housewife's in the building with his amazing skills in cooking. He solves several problems within the houses of several families living in the flat and thus gains the trust of everyone. In a food fest he impresses one of the customers who is the director of a channel and gets an opportunity to perform a food show on the channel. He goes to the channel office where he has to go to perform a cooking show. But the show gets cancelled and he gets trapped in the lift there with Radhika Menon (Ruchita Prasad). Inside the lift, he befriends Radhika with his innovative ideas for light and food and cooks biriyani for her inside the lift. Radhika turns out to be the cinematographer of Gopalakrishnan's food show. Soon they fall in love during the shoot of food show episodes, and they marry with the support of his neighbours and Radhika's rich household. In the middle of their marriage ceremony, Radhika learns that Gopalakrishnan has already married a girl named Mallika and she asked permission from Gopalakrishnan to go with her lover as she was pregnant with her lover's child. Radhika feels upset thinking Gopalakrishnan cheated her without disclosing this information. She refuses to live with Gopalakrishnan. But everyone convinces her to give Gopalakrishnan a chance and she moves in to his house, to a different room, accompanied by her grandmother who fuels her mistrust because she does not like Gopalakrishnan. During that time Gopalakrishnan's friend (Innocent) arrives who is a cook in the army right now and acts as his father. He tries to her Gopalakrishnan win Radhika back, but his plans misfire and lead to problems instead. One day Radhika comes home to see Mallika leaving the house and this leads to Radhika deciding to end all relations with Gopalakrishnan, and she goes to her home asks for a divorce from Gopalakrishnan. Saddened by the events Gopalakrishnan drives car in deep mental agony, and ends up getting hit by a lorry. He is however, taken to the hospital on time and his life is saved. Meanwhile, Radhika's father, upon coming to know that Radhika had initiated divorce proceedings against Gopalakrishnan, tells her that Gopalakrishnan had informed the father of the marriage with Mallika and her eloping, etc. earlier itself, and that the father did not convey it to Radhika because he did not consider it relevant. Apparently, Mallika was Gopalakrishnan's uncle's daughter and because he allowed her to elope with her lover, the uncle and sons attacked Gopalakrishnan and he was forced to flee from his hometown. Radhika on being informed about Gopalakrishnan's past and his talks with her father feels guilty for causing this immense pain for Gopalakrishnan. At the hospital Radhika asks for forgiveness and they reunite there.

Paragraph 23: Hurricane Four was first monitored as an area of low pressure over French West Africa on September 2, 1947. Steadily tracking westward, the system was quickly classified as a depression before moving into the Atlantic Ocean near Dakar, Senegal, on September 4. Shortly thereafter, weather agencies lost track of the system over water due to a lack of ships in the region. However, later analysis determined that the cyclone obtained tropical storm status, with maximum sustained winds of , during the morning of September 5. The storm gradually intensified as it tracked nearly due west, but then maintained an intensity of  for nearly five days, taking a west-southwest turn on September 7 before turning to the northwest two days later, when the steamship Arakaka provided confirmation of its existence. Another few days later, the cyclone began to intensify more rapidly as its forward speed increased; between September 10 and 15, reconnaissance missions by the United States Navy began monitoring the hurricane. At 1500 UTC on September 11, a navy aircraft first penetrated the storm; in less than 24 hours, the storm rapidly strengthened into the equivalence of a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale, and shortly afterward attained peak winds of , roughly 18 hours after being classified a tropical storm, as another aircraft registered a barometric pressure of 977 mb (28.84 inHg), a drop of 22 mb in 24 hours. On September 13, another airplane at 1930 UTC confirmed that the storm had deepened further to 952 mb (28.11 inHg) and its eye shrunk to ; by that time the hurricane had reached high-end Category 3 intensity, and intensified into a Category 4 hurricane six hours later. The same mission reported a double eyewall, a feature replaced by a large eye by the time the storm hit the Bahamas and Florida. The next day, the storm attained the minimum pressure, 938 mb (27.70 inHg), recorded by aircraft reconnaissance during its life span, peaking in intensity as a strong Category 4 hurricane. On September 15, however, the storm lost this intensity. Early on September 16, as its movement slowed greatly and turned westward near the northern Bahamas, the cyclone weakened into a Category 3 hurricane with winds of . Following the phonetic alphabet from World War II, the U.S. Weather Bureau office in Miami, Florida, which then worked in conjunction with the military, named the storm George, though such names were apparently informal and did not appear in public advisories until 1950, when the first Atlantic storm to be so designated was Hurricane Fox.

Paragraph 24: The work, dated to around 550 CE, consists of a compilation of church histories, parts of which were selected by Cassiodorus, and translated into Latin by Epiphanius Scholasticus. It epitomized three Greek works in particular, the church histories of Socrates Scholasticus, Sozomen and Theodoret, written in the previous century. An Italian theory posited its composition around 510 CE, arguing that the work was composed using the library Cassiodorus assembled at the Monasterium Vivariense, the monastery of Vivarium on his family estates at the foot of Mount Moscius on the shores of the Ionian Sea. It is now thought to have been composed several decades later, in Constantinople, around the time the crisis in relations between Justinian and the Western Church, around 550 CE.

Paragraph 25: The work, dated to around 550 CE, consists of a compilation of church histories, parts of which were selected by Cassiodorus, and translated into Latin by Epiphanius Scholasticus. It epitomized three Greek works in particular, the church histories of Socrates Scholasticus, Sozomen and Theodoret, written in the previous century. An Italian theory posited its composition around 510 CE, arguing that the work was composed using the library Cassiodorus assembled at the Monasterium Vivariense, the monastery of Vivarium on his family estates at the foot of Mount Moscius on the shores of the Ionian Sea. It is now thought to have been composed several decades later, in Constantinople, around the time the crisis in relations between Justinian and the Western Church, around 550 CE.

Paragraph 26: Marketing plans have become quite intricate and detailed in many ways. Analysts and industry experts used a myriad of tools to collect information from would be customers, previous customers and others in order to fashion the sales message of a particular product. This level of detailed work has evolved over time, but in many ways the same resources and information are gathered and used to achieve result of a sale. The marketing strategy feeds into one of the final products most people get to experience: the commercial. The commercial embodies the elements of the marketing strategy in language, affective response, and attitude change. Marketing plans in the modern age also look at the international customer when creating plans and formulating strategy. "An evolutionary perspective of internationalization of the firm has been adopted by a number of authors in the areas of international economics and international management. The theory of the international product lifecycle, propounded by Vernon and others, identifies a number of phases in the internationalization process based on the location of production. In the initial phase, a firm exports to overseas markets from a domestic production base. As market potential builds up, overseas production facilities are established. Low cost local competition then enters the market, and ultimately exports to the home market of the initial entrant, thus challenging its international market position.""This model is part of wider Dichotic theory of salience, according to which a stimulus is salient either when it is incongruent in a certain context to a perceiver's schema, or when it is congruent in a certain context to a perceiver's goal. According to the four propositions of the model, in-salient stimuli are better recalled, affect both attention and interpretation, and are moderated by the degree of perceivers' comprehension (i.e., activation, accessibility, and availability of schemata), and involvement (i.e., personal relevance of the stimuli). Results of two empirical studies on print advertisements show that in-salient ad messages have the strongest impact in triggering ad processing which, in turn, leads to consumer awareness."The field of marketing is continually being studied and researched. Anshular & Kumar, Williams & Schmidt, Holden, Kuznetsov & Whitelock, and Huang & Chan have researched and published works regarding the language of marketing. Although the research is ongoing and adaptive to the customer, the research has been able to study points of importance to the consumer. Marketing requires an approach that carefully designs messages (commercials), utilizing signs and symbols to resonate with a potential buyer or customer. Nike's swoosh, Michael Jordan's jump-man image, Ford/GMC Cadillac logos are all signs that most people can quickly grab and discern the message being laid out. In the world of marketing having this power and ability lends a significant edge in comparison to the competition. Van Der Lans, Pieters, and Wedel write based on their research: "We estimate brand salience at the point of purchase, based on perceptual features (color, luminance, edges) and how these are influenced by consumers’ search goals. We show that the salience of brands has a pervasive effect on search performance, and is determined by two key components: The bottom-up component is due to in-store activity and package design. The top-down component is due to out-of-store marketing activities such as advertising."Using computer based langue to design extraction tools as part of the user experiences. Language errors that exists in projects can be passed on and further create issues for the next group. From this view issues to be fixed, ID’d and solutions set up to combat such issues. In the IT world, coding language is very important and therefore errors must be monitored well throughout the process.

Paragraph 27: Following the call from the allies for Japan to surrender, the Japanese decided to grant Indonesian independence to create problems for the Dutch when they reoccupied their colony. At a meeting in Singapore at the end of July, it was decided that Java would become independent at the end of September, followed by other areas. On 6 and 9 August, atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. On 7 August, the Japanese announced the formation of a Preparatory Committee for Indonesian Independence (PPKI) to accelerate preparations for establishing an Indonesian government for the whole of the East Indies, not just Java. Two days later, Sukarno, Hatta and Rajiman Wediodiningrat were flown by the Japanese to Dalat, near Saigon, to meet with Field Marshall Hisaichi Terauchi, the Japanese commander of the Southern Expeditionary Army Group, who promised independence for the territory of the former Dutch East Indies and formally appointed Sukarno and Hatta as chairman and vice-chairman of the PPKI. On 15 August, Japan surrendered, and the Japanese authorities in the East Indies were ordered to maintain the status quo pending the arrival of allied forces. However there was no official confirmation from the Japanese of the surrender. Again there was disagreement between the older generation, including Sukarno and Hatta, who were uncertain how to proceed, and the pemuda, including Sjahrir, who urged Sukarno to declare independence without the involvement of the PPKI to avoid accusations from the Allies that independence was sponsored by Japan. In the afternoon of 15 August, Sukarno, Hatta and BPUPK member and future foreign minister Achmad Soebardjo called on Maeda to ask about the surrender rumours, and received unofficial confirmation that they were true. Hatta then asked Soebardjo to arrange a meeting of the PPKI for the following day and went home to draft a proclamation.

Paragraph 28: He sired three children with his second wife. It was in the last quarter of 1898 when Don Diego de la Viña became involved in the revolution. His brother, Dr. Jose de la Viña was one of the delegates to the Malolos Congress. Dr. de la Viña regularly informed Don Diego of the latest development of the Republic government under Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. Gen. Aguinaldo duly commissioned Don Diego de la Viña with the rank of General de Brigada, Commandante del Ejercito Filipino, Provincia de Negros Oriental. His son was also commissioned Lieutenant Colonel of the Infantry. He secretly trained his peasants how to handle a rifle. He turned their plowshares into bolos, “pinuti, “talibong”, “bahi”, spears and lances. Soon more and more men joined the group of de la Viña. He was soon around riding on a big white spotted horse during the “revolucionario”. De la Viña became known as the “Tigulang or the Grand Old Man”. He was considered a “cacique”, for he had the say in all appointments. He became the judge of local conflicts and designed the improvements for the place (source Negros Historian Prof. Penn Tulabing.Villanueva Larena, MPA a descendant of the Hermoso/ Olladas/ Serion and Bernus Clan an old Spanish family of this Town).

Paragraph 29: Gopalakrishnan (Dileep) a chef by profession arrives at a flat and mesmerises all the housewife's in the building with his amazing skills in cooking. He solves several problems within the houses of several families living in the flat and thus gains the trust of everyone. In a food fest he impresses one of the customers who is the director of a channel and gets an opportunity to perform a food show on the channel. He goes to the channel office where he has to go to perform a cooking show. But the show gets cancelled and he gets trapped in the lift there with Radhika Menon (Ruchita Prasad). Inside the lift, he befriends Radhika with his innovative ideas for light and food and cooks biriyani for her inside the lift. Radhika turns out to be the cinematographer of Gopalakrishnan's food show. Soon they fall in love during the shoot of food show episodes, and they marry with the support of his neighbours and Radhika's rich household. In the middle of their marriage ceremony, Radhika learns that Gopalakrishnan has already married a girl named Mallika and she asked permission from Gopalakrishnan to go with her lover as she was pregnant with her lover's child. Radhika feels upset thinking Gopalakrishnan cheated her without disclosing this information. She refuses to live with Gopalakrishnan. But everyone convinces her to give Gopalakrishnan a chance and she moves in to his house, to a different room, accompanied by her grandmother who fuels her mistrust because she does not like Gopalakrishnan. During that time Gopalakrishnan's friend (Innocent) arrives who is a cook in the army right now and acts as his father. He tries to her Gopalakrishnan win Radhika back, but his plans misfire and lead to problems instead. One day Radhika comes home to see Mallika leaving the house and this leads to Radhika deciding to end all relations with Gopalakrishnan, and she goes to her home asks for a divorce from Gopalakrishnan. Saddened by the events Gopalakrishnan drives car in deep mental agony, and ends up getting hit by a lorry. He is however, taken to the hospital on time and his life is saved. Meanwhile, Radhika's father, upon coming to know that Radhika had initiated divorce proceedings against Gopalakrishnan, tells her that Gopalakrishnan had informed the father of the marriage with Mallika and her eloping, etc. earlier itself, and that the father did not convey it to Radhika because he did not consider it relevant. Apparently, Mallika was Gopalakrishnan's uncle's daughter and because he allowed her to elope with her lover, the uncle and sons attacked Gopalakrishnan and he was forced to flee from his hometown. Radhika on being informed about Gopalakrishnan's past and his talks with her father feels guilty for causing this immense pain for Gopalakrishnan. At the hospital Radhika asks for forgiveness and they reunite there.

Paragraph 30: Hurricane Four was first monitored as an area of low pressure over French West Africa on September 2, 1947. Steadily tracking westward, the system was quickly classified as a depression before moving into the Atlantic Ocean near Dakar, Senegal, on September 4. Shortly thereafter, weather agencies lost track of the system over water due to a lack of ships in the region. However, later analysis determined that the cyclone obtained tropical storm status, with maximum sustained winds of , during the morning of September 5. The storm gradually intensified as it tracked nearly due west, but then maintained an intensity of  for nearly five days, taking a west-southwest turn on September 7 before turning to the northwest two days later, when the steamship Arakaka provided confirmation of its existence. Another few days later, the cyclone began to intensify more rapidly as its forward speed increased; between September 10 and 15, reconnaissance missions by the United States Navy began monitoring the hurricane. At 1500 UTC on September 11, a navy aircraft first penetrated the storm; in less than 24 hours, the storm rapidly strengthened into the equivalence of a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale, and shortly afterward attained peak winds of , roughly 18 hours after being classified a tropical storm, as another aircraft registered a barometric pressure of 977 mb (28.84 inHg), a drop of 22 mb in 24 hours. On September 13, another airplane at 1930 UTC confirmed that the storm had deepened further to 952 mb (28.11 inHg) and its eye shrunk to ; by that time the hurricane had reached high-end Category 3 intensity, and intensified into a Category 4 hurricane six hours later. The same mission reported a double eyewall, a feature replaced by a large eye by the time the storm hit the Bahamas and Florida. The next day, the storm attained the minimum pressure, 938 mb (27.70 inHg), recorded by aircraft reconnaissance during its life span, peaking in intensity as a strong Category 4 hurricane. On September 15, however, the storm lost this intensity. Early on September 16, as its movement slowed greatly and turned westward near the northern Bahamas, the cyclone weakened into a Category 3 hurricane with winds of . Following the phonetic alphabet from World War II, the U.S. Weather Bureau office in Miami, Florida, which then worked in conjunction with the military, named the storm George, though such names were apparently informal and did not appear in public advisories until 1950, when the first Atlantic storm to be so designated was Hurricane Fox.

Paragraph 31: He sired three children with his second wife. It was in the last quarter of 1898 when Don Diego de la Viña became involved in the revolution. His brother, Dr. Jose de la Viña was one of the delegates to the Malolos Congress. Dr. de la Viña regularly informed Don Diego of the latest development of the Republic government under Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. Gen. Aguinaldo duly commissioned Don Diego de la Viña with the rank of General de Brigada, Commandante del Ejercito Filipino, Provincia de Negros Oriental. His son was also commissioned Lieutenant Colonel of the Infantry. He secretly trained his peasants how to handle a rifle. He turned their plowshares into bolos, “pinuti, “talibong”, “bahi”, spears and lances. Soon more and more men joined the group of de la Viña. He was soon around riding on a big white spotted horse during the “revolucionario”. De la Viña became known as the “Tigulang or the Grand Old Man”. He was considered a “cacique”, for he had the say in all appointments. He became the judge of local conflicts and designed the improvements for the place (source Negros Historian Prof. Penn Tulabing.Villanueva Larena, MPA a descendant of the Hermoso/ Olladas/ Serion and Bernus Clan an old Spanish family of this Town).

Paragraph 32: Back at the House of Mystery, Nightmare Nurse is tending to Constantine, who is suffering from adverse side effects from the Blackmare Curse. In order to find the location of the Justice Leagues, Phantom Stranger attempts to accelerate Constantine's recovery by taking himself and Nightmare Nurse into one of Constantine's memories. There, the Phantom Stranger forces Constantine to use the light in himself to fight off his personal demons, which cures him. Constantine combines his magic with Pandora's and they are able to locate the Justice League members in Nanda Parbat. Once there, Deadman in Sea King's body is able to gain entrance to the temples, where the group realizes that Felix Faust and Nick Necro are behind the operation. Under a concealment spell, the group follows Deadman further into the temple to try and rescue the Justice Leagues. Deadman is show around the facility by Necro and Faust and learns the intent of the project. Necro realizes that Deadman is hiding in Sea King's body and Faust is able to neutralize him. Knowing that the other members would have followed him, Faust activates security measures for the project. Once inside, the group activates the defense spells put in place by Necro and Faust. Constantine is separated from the rest except for Nightmare Nurse. Pandora, still with the others, surrenders to Necro and Faust and willingly gets placed in a Thaumaton Wheel. Constantine and Nightmare Nurse travel further through the temple, where they eventually come across the other mystics being held for the project Necro and Faust has been working on. They see Black Orchid, Cassandra Craft, Shade, the Changing Man, Enchantress, Blackbriar Thorn, Blue Devil, Papa Midnite, Sargon and Zatanna being held for the use in the Crime Syndicate's weapons program to use against the entity that destroyed their world. Constantine realizes that Nightmare Nurse is not herself, actually Necro in disguise. The two fight and Constantine is able to stop Necro in order to try and free Zatanna. Before he is able to, he is captured by Faust. Constantine hopes the rest of his team will help him, not realizing that they have been captured too to be used for the project. Nightmare Nurse gets loaded into the machine, and is able to survive the blast. However, she becomes severely burned in the process. Pandora volunteers to be the next test subject, and is loaded into the machine. Once they are about to begin the test, she transforms into the Light being, and is able to destroy the machines. Necro and Faust attempt to stabilize the location before it blows, while Pandora teleports the mystics away. However, she is only able to teleport the Phantom Stranger and Cassandra Craft, leaving the others stranded.

Paragraph 33: Brady returns to Salem in November 2008 after beating his addiction. Divorced from Chloe, he comes back to Salem to talk things out with her and reunite with his troubled family. Brady and Chloe eventually come to terms with the end of their marriage and decide to remain friends. Brady sensitively deals with a father who does not remember him. Supporting Marlena in her quest to help John regain his memory, Brady foils the plot for revenge leveled against his stepmother, and masterminded by none other than his father's therapist, Dr. Charlotte Taylor. Brady also makes peace with his old flame, Nicole Walker, who was pregnant at the time with EJ DiMera's child. As a peace offering, going through his own recovery, he offers to be her shoulder if she needs help with not drinking while carrying the child. When Nicole suffers a miscarriage, she confides in Brady about it, deeming she would continue to fake her pregnancy, something Brady was not taking kindly to. Brady soon enters into a relationship with Arianna Hernandez, the sister of Rafe Hernandez. After proposing to Arianna, she is framed by Nicole for the Salem muggings. Unable to convince Brady of her innocence, she breaks off the engagement. Determined to reconcile her relationship with Brady, Nicole begins to romance him and they rekindle their broken relationship. Brady soon begins drinking once again, providing worry for his close family and friends. Brady's life continues to spiral downward when Arianna is killed in a hit-and-run car accident. Nicole and Brady subsequently end their relationship once again when Nicole makes an arrangement with EJ, to get visitation with his daughter, Sydney. But when EJ cheats on Nicole with her sister Taylor, Nicole and Brady realize they both still love each other, and are reunited. However, the relationship ends when both of them feel like they have "fizzled out", and they decide to be good friends as Nicole vows to be independent. However, Nicole is eventually reunited with EJ.

Paragraph 34: "I cannot remember everything. I must have been unconscious most of the time.I remember only the grandiose moment when they all started to sing, as if prearranged, the old prayer they had neglected for so many years – the forgotten creed!But I have no recollection how I got underground to live in the sewers of Warsaw for so long a time.The day began as usual: Reveille when it still was dark. "Get out!" Whether you slept or whether worries kept you awake the whole night. You had been separated from your children, from your wife, from your parents. You don't know what happened to them … How could you sleep?The trumpets again – "Get out! The sergeant will be furious!" They came out; some very slowly, the old ones, the sick ones; some with nervous agility. They fear the sergeant. They hurry as much as they can. In vain! Much too much noise, much too much commotion! And not fast enough! The Feldwebel shouts: "Achtung! Stilljestanden!  Na wird's mal! Oder soll ich mit dem Jewehrkolben nachhelfen? Na jut; wenn ihrs durchaus haben wollt!" ("Attention! Stand still! How about it, or should I help you along with the butt of my rifle? Oh well, if you really want to have it!")The sergeant and his subordinates hit (everyone): young or old, (strong or sick), guilty or innocent … .It was painful to hear them groaning and moaning.I heard it though I had been hit very hard, so hard that I could not help falling down. We all on the (ground) who could not stand up were (then) beaten over the head … .I must have been unconscious. The next thing I heard was a soldier saying: "They are all dead!"Whereupon the sergeant ordered to do away with us.There I lay aside half conscious. It had become very still – fear and pain. Then I heard the sergeant shouting: "Abzählen!" ("Count off!")They start slowly and irregularly: one, two, three, four – "Achtung!" The sergeant shouted again, "Rascher! Nochmals von vorn anfange! In einer Minute will ich wissen, wieviele ich zur Gaskammer abliefere! Abzählen!" ("Faster! Once more, start from the beginning! In one minute I want to know how many I am going to send off to the gas chamber! Count off!")They began again, first slowly: one, two, three, four, became faster and faster, so fast that it finally sounded like a stampede of wild horses, and (all) of a sudden, in the middle of it, they began singing the Shema Yisrael."

Paragraph 35: He sired three children with his second wife. It was in the last quarter of 1898 when Don Diego de la Viña became involved in the revolution. His brother, Dr. Jose de la Viña was one of the delegates to the Malolos Congress. Dr. de la Viña regularly informed Don Diego of the latest development of the Republic government under Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. Gen. Aguinaldo duly commissioned Don Diego de la Viña with the rank of General de Brigada, Commandante del Ejercito Filipino, Provincia de Negros Oriental. His son was also commissioned Lieutenant Colonel of the Infantry. He secretly trained his peasants how to handle a rifle. He turned their plowshares into bolos, “pinuti, “talibong”, “bahi”, spears and lances. Soon more and more men joined the group of de la Viña. He was soon around riding on a big white spotted horse during the “revolucionario”. De la Viña became known as the “Tigulang or the Grand Old Man”. He was considered a “cacique”, for he had the say in all appointments. He became the judge of local conflicts and designed the improvements for the place (source Negros Historian Prof. Penn Tulabing.Villanueva Larena, MPA a descendant of the Hermoso/ Olladas/ Serion and Bernus Clan an old Spanish family of this Town).

Paragraph 36: Back at the House of Mystery, Nightmare Nurse is tending to Constantine, who is suffering from adverse side effects from the Blackmare Curse. In order to find the location of the Justice Leagues, Phantom Stranger attempts to accelerate Constantine's recovery by taking himself and Nightmare Nurse into one of Constantine's memories. There, the Phantom Stranger forces Constantine to use the light in himself to fight off his personal demons, which cures him. Constantine combines his magic with Pandora's and they are able to locate the Justice League members in Nanda Parbat. Once there, Deadman in Sea King's body is able to gain entrance to the temples, where the group realizes that Felix Faust and Nick Necro are behind the operation. Under a concealment spell, the group follows Deadman further into the temple to try and rescue the Justice Leagues. Deadman is show around the facility by Necro and Faust and learns the intent of the project. Necro realizes that Deadman is hiding in Sea King's body and Faust is able to neutralize him. Knowing that the other members would have followed him, Faust activates security measures for the project. Once inside, the group activates the defense spells put in place by Necro and Faust. Constantine is separated from the rest except for Nightmare Nurse. Pandora, still with the others, surrenders to Necro and Faust and willingly gets placed in a Thaumaton Wheel. Constantine and Nightmare Nurse travel further through the temple, where they eventually come across the other mystics being held for the project Necro and Faust has been working on. They see Black Orchid, Cassandra Craft, Shade, the Changing Man, Enchantress, Blackbriar Thorn, Blue Devil, Papa Midnite, Sargon and Zatanna being held for the use in the Crime Syndicate's weapons program to use against the entity that destroyed their world. Constantine realizes that Nightmare Nurse is not herself, actually Necro in disguise. The two fight and Constantine is able to stop Necro in order to try and free Zatanna. Before he is able to, he is captured by Faust. Constantine hopes the rest of his team will help him, not realizing that they have been captured too to be used for the project. Nightmare Nurse gets loaded into the machine, and is able to survive the blast. However, she becomes severely burned in the process. Pandora volunteers to be the next test subject, and is loaded into the machine. Once they are about to begin the test, she transforms into the Light being, and is able to destroy the machines. Necro and Faust attempt to stabilize the location before it blows, while Pandora teleports the mystics away. However, she is only able to teleport the Phantom Stranger and Cassandra Craft, leaving the others stranded.

Paragraph 37: He went to preach Vedanta in Europe and stayed in Wiesbaden in Germany. He spread the message of Vedanta in Germany, Switzerland, Netherlands, Scandinavia, France and other European nations. When the Second World War broke out, he left Europe and arrived in the United States. He set up the Vedanta Centre of Philadelphia and worked as it's in charge for seven years. He returned to India and settled in Bangalore. In 1951 after the death of Tyagishananda, the president of Bangalore Ramakrishna Math, Yatiswarananda became the president of Bangalore Ashrama. He was instrumental in setting up the Vivekananda Balaka Sangha, an institution devoted to education of young students. He also established the new temple in the Ashrama.

Paragraph 38: When the seasons are particularly good (short winters without unexpected thaws or freezes, and long summers), the Norway lemming population can increase exponentially; they reach sexual maturity less than a month after birth,  and breed year-round if conditions are right, producing a litter of six to eight young every three to four weeks. Being solitary creatures by nature, the stronger lemmings drive the weaker and younger ones off long before a food shortage occurs. The young lemmings disperse in random directions looking for vacant territory. Where geographical features constrain their movements and channel them into a relatively narrow corridor, large numbers can build up, leading to social friction, distress, and eventually a mass panic can follow, where they flee in all directions. Lemmings do migrate, and in vast numbers sometimes, but notion of a deliberate march into the sea is false.

Paragraph 39: In 2015, Tony and Diane are left shocked to discover that Diane and Tegan Lomax (Jessica Ellis) babies, Dee Dee and Rose were swapped at birth, meaning Rose is Diane and Tony's biological daughter and Dee Dee is Tegan's. But in June 2015, panic strikes the village when Rose is taken by a mystery culprit, several of the villagers, including Diane, Tony, Tegan, Simone Loveday (Jacqueline Boatswain) and Louis Loveday (Karl Collins). In the time Rose is missing, both Diane and Tony have been arrested and at one point, Tony ends up kissing Tegan, which Diane witnesses, resulting in her pouring water over him. In October 2015, Tony hosts a Gay Pride event to prove to Diane's nephew, Scott Drinkwell (Ross Adams) and Esther Bloom (Jazmine Franks) that he is not a homophobic. However, on the day of the event, he discovers that his son, Harry (now played by Parry Glasspool), has been having an affair with his best friend and business partner, Ste, he is outraged at this and tries to keep the two apart. Diane later reveals to Tony that she still loves him and wants them to renew their wedding vows. Before they renew their vows, Diane and Tony emotionally give Rose back to Tegan and then proceed to renew their vows. Tony is later left shocked as Scott tries to frame him for poisoning Diane and they discover this with Tony wanting Scott out of the house but after an emotional chat, Diane allows him to stay. He then finally accepts his son's sexuality and relationship with Ste. Following the poison drama, Diane temporarily leaves the village, leaving Tony to run the Hutch on his own, however she returns in February 2016. In May 2016, Tony and Diane discover that Scott has been helping Marnie Nightingale (Lysette Anthony) and her son, James (Gregory Finnegan), to get The Hutch off them, which they later agree to sell to Marnie due their ongoing money issues. They are later employed by Marnie but find themselves controlled. In June 2016, a man named Mr Sheffield arrives at the flat and offers Diane and Tony jobs in a restaurant in Paris, Diane as a waitress and Tony as a chef. They accept but Tony is later saddened to know that he will be working as a junior chef and decides not to go, however Diane convinces him to go. The day of their departure arrives in July 2016, but as him and Diane are about to leave, Harry breaks the news that Ste is back on drugs so he decides to stay, whilst Diane leaves for France. In August 2016, he unites with Darren, Maxine Minniver (Nikki Sanderson) and Grace Black (Tamara Wall) to try and frame Warren and get him out of the village. Grace conducts the plan that they burn down the garage but Warren catches Darren, Maxine and Tony, they have been set up. In October 2016, Cindy is employed as pot washer at Nightingales and they both find themselves controlled by Marnie. He is later shocked but delighted as Cindy's sister, Jude Cunningham (Davinia Taylor) returns to the village as a property developer, with a plan to build luxurious flats in the village, unaware it is a scam.