Paragraph 1: During the last three years friends and I have interviewed several hundred former prisoners, read newspaper articles on the camps as well as various reports of Amnesty International, and have studied official statements from the Vietnamese Government and its press on the re-education camps. The picture that emerges is one of severe hardship, where prisoners are kept on a starvation diet, overworked and harshly punished for minor infractions of camp rules. We know of cases where prisoners have been beaten to death, confined to dark cells or in ditches dug around the perimeters of the camps and executed for attempting escape. A common form of punishment is confinement to the CONEX boxes—air-freight containers that were left behind by the United States in 1975. The boxes vary in size; some are made of wood and others of metal. In a CONEX box 4 feet high and 4 feet wide, for example, several prisoners would be confined with their feet shackled, and allowed only one bowl of rice and water a day. "It reminded me of the pictures I saw of Nazi camp inmates after World War II," said a physician we interviewed who witnessed the release of four prisoners who had been confined to a CONEX box for one month. None of them survived."

Paragraph 2:  Mac and Molly Mange (voiced by Neil Ross and April Winchell) - The husband-and-wife criminal team similar to Bonnie and Clyde, Mac and Molly Mange both used to head the most notorious mob syndicate in Megakat City. They drowned when the boat they were in was hit by a larger boat while attempting to escape from Alkatraz prison. Their bodies were found by Professor Hackle's robot servants and their minds were placed in the brains of robots. Mac was supposed to be a robot-chauffeur (though ironically, he was a poor driver) and Molly was to be a robot-maid, but instead remained criminals and took on the moniker of The Metallikats. They first appeared in "The Metallikats" where they kill Katscratch, a rival mob boss who took over their territory and injured the rest of his gang. They had a vendetta against Mayor Manx for denying their parole request, though it turned out that Callie had done it as the mayor was too busy to handle it. Mac and Molly often bickered with each other, but do love each other and would come to each other's aid when one was in trouble. Mac was considered the "muscle" of the team while Molly was considered the "brains." In "Metal Urgency", they both discovered the secret identities of the SWAT Kats. However, this knowledge was erased when Commander Feral deactivated them with Professor Hackle's EMP device in the same episode as Commander Feral quotes "I don't deal with scum" when they offered to reveal the SWAT Kats' identities to him. In "Katastrophe", their remains were salvaged by the Creeplings when Dark Kat collaborated with Dr. Viper in a plot to eliminate the SWAT Kats. Dark Kat had special collars placed on the Metallikats' necks which give them a shock when they don't do what Dark Kat says. They were sent to capture Mayor Manx and Callie Briggs which was a success. This ended up drawing the SWAT Kats and Commander Feral to the villains' hideout at an abandoned offshore cannery. When the Metallikats turned against Dark Kat, he discovered that Dr. Viper deactivated the collars. In a battle between the villains, Commander Feral, and the SWAT Kats, the villains were defeated and were thought to have been destroyed. In "A Bright and Shiny Future", the SWAT Kats follow Pastmaster into a future where Pastmaster had reassembled the Metallikats, had taken over the robots, and did away with that time period's SWAT Kats. The Metallikats turn on Pastmaster and have their robots steal his watch while knocking him into the river. With help from that time period's Commander Feral, Felina Feral, Professor Hackle, and the Pastmaster, the SWAT Kats defeated the Metallikats as Professor Hackle reprograms all the robots and Pastmaster reclaims his watch. In "Unlikely Alloys" the Metallikats attempt to rob a mint, but the Swat Kats intervene, resulting in Molly being severely injured and Mac losing his arm. Mac steals Dr. Greenbox's Micro Brain Repair Unit to repair himself and Molly. However, the invention gains sentience and assimilates various appliances and weapons, dubbing itself Zed. Though Zed was at first compliant to the Metallikats, it decided they were inferior and assimilated Mac. Molly aided the SWAT Kats and Dr. Greenbox to stop Zed but upon realizing Mac was connected to Zed and would shut down upon Zed's destruction, the Swat Kats were forced to allow Zed to assimilate Molly. When Zed was destroyed the Metallikats were presumed deceased but survived, though Mac was fused with a food processor. In some ways, they are quite similar to the Superman villain Metallo.

Paragraph 3: Basara finally returned to the ring on April 29, 2010, at a Vader Time independent event. On June 5, she returned to the ring with Hiroyo Matsumoto, losing to her at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event. On July 4, Basara made her debut for Pro Wrestling Wave, when she and Bambi defeated Misaki Ohata and Moeka Haruhi for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship. On August 5, Basara made a special appearance for All Japan Pro Wrestling, defeating Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru in a singles match. Two days later, Basara returned to JWP, wrestling in a match, where she was defeated by Leon. On September 26, Basara, Leon and Misaki Ohata formed the Shishi no Ana stable, with Basara now scheduled to become a regular member of the JWP roster. On October 31, Basara wrestled at a Yuzuki Aikawa produced Yuzupon Matsuri event, facing American Hailey Hatred. The match had to be ended abruptly, when Basara suffered a knee injury and was unable to continue. Okuda underwent surgery on April 8, 2011, and was sidelined from in-ring action for the entire year. She was originally scheduled to make her return at a Happy Hour!! event on December 18, but the return had to be postponed, when the event was canceled. On March 7, 2012, Okuda announced that she would wrestle her return match on March 25 at an event held by the Apache Pro-Wrestling Army promotion. On March 25, Basara was defeated by Taka Michinoku in her return match. On April 22, Basara made her debut for Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina at Reina 31, wrestling Saya to a ten-minute time limit draw and then challenging the promotion's founder, Yumiko Hotta, to a match. Seven days later at Reina 32, Basara was defeated by Hotta. Following the match, Hotta suggested that Basara turn a new leaf in her career and return to competing under her real name. On May 13 at Reina.33, Okuda, now once again working under her real name, teamed with Saya in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hikaru Shida and Tsukasa Fujimoto. Following the folding of Reina, most of the promotion's roster remained together to form the new Reina X World promotion, but Okuda chose to follow Yumiko Hotta out and on May 22, the two, along with Saya, made their debut as a unit for the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana promotion, interrupting a main event battle royal and starting an invasion storyline with the promotion. On June 25, Okuda was again sidelined, after suffering yet another knee injury while training. Okuda underwent two knee surgeries, first in August 2012 and the second in April 2013.

Paragraph 4: TVRM has a working locomotive and car repair shop complex, Soule Shops, named after co-founder, Robert M. Soule, Jr. In March 2011, TVRM completed restoring Southern Railway Ks-1 class 2-8-0 630 to operational status. In September 2014, TVRM completed the second restoration of Southern Railway Ms class 2-8-2 4501 for another excursion career with Norfolk Southern's 21st Century Steam Excursion Program. At present, 3 passenger cars are undergoing restoration. One is No. 1877, a former Chessie / Chesapeake and Ohio, later Denver & Rio Grande Western round end dome-lounge-observation, being restored from long static condition. Another is 1917 Pullman built office car No 98. The 98 was built for Baltimore & Ohio President Daniel Willard and after leaving B&O ownership in the 1960s came to TVRM in 1977, having been a fixture ever since, hence the need for a thorough restoration after decades of service. Next is Southern Railway 832, a 52-seat passenger coach built in 1949 by the Budd Company. Along with the 3 passenger cars, 1953 built EMD E8, Southern Railway 6914, is undergoing restoration as well. Other projects move in and out of the shop as needed as well as routine inspections on the museum's steam locomotives. 630's 10-year-long restoration was the most extensive restoration ever performed at TVRM, as well as one of the most extensive steam locomotive repairs in the United States since the end of steam on the railroads.

Paragraph 5: Diane Halpern, in her book Sex Differences in Cognitive Abilities, argued problems with sex vs. gender terminology:I cannot argue (in this book) that nature and nurture are inseparable and then... use different terms to refer to each class of variables.  The ... biological manifestations of sex are confounded with psychosocial variables.... The use of different terms to label these two types of contributions to human existence seemed inappropriate in light of the biopsychosocial position I have taken.She quotes Steven Pinker's summary of the problems with the terms sex and gender: "Part of it is a new prissiness—many people today are as squeamish about sexual dimorphism as the Victorians were about sex. But part of it is a limitation of the English language. The word 'sex' refers ambiguously to copulation and to sexual dimorphism..." Richard Lippa writes in Gender, Nature and Nurture that:Some researchers have argued that the word sex should be used to refer to (biological differences), whereas the word gender should be used to refer to (cultural differences). However, it is not at all clear the degree to which the differences between males and females are due to biological factors versus learned and cultural factors. Furthermore, indiscriminate use of the word gender tends to obscure the distinction between two different topics: (a) differences between males and females, and (b) individual differences in maleness and femaleness that occur within each sex.It has been suggested that more useful distinctions to make would be whether a behavioral difference between the sexes is first due to an evolved adaptation, then, if so, whether the adaptation is sexually dimorphic (different) or sexually monomorphic (the same in both sexes). The term sex difference could then be re-defined as between-sex differences that are manifestations of a sexually dimorphic adaptation (which is how many scientists use the term), while the term gender difference could be re-defined as due to differential socialization between the sexes of a monomorphic adaptation or byproduct. For example, greater male propensity toward physical aggression and risk taking would be termed a "sex difference;" the generally longer head hair length of females would be termed a "gender difference".

Paragraph 6: Baltimore club dance became very popular with Baltimore's African-American community. Throughout the city, there were dance crews who battled against each other at recreation centers and nightclubs, and music from famous disc jockeys was at its peak. These dance moves, created from Baltimore club music, were usually high-paced and intense due to the fact that Baltimore club music evolved from house music, with a mix of hip hop, two fast-paced music genres. One of the many moves born out of Baltimore club music is the "crazy legs", a fierce shaking of both legs combined with simultaneous foot tapping and shoulder shrugging. Another dance move evolved out of Baltimore club music was the “what what”, a dance move involving difficult footwork where one raises up one bent leg over the other, in a fast, hopping-like movement. A video featuring girls wearing face coverings while doing versions of the "crazy legs" and the "what what" to a remix of Miss Tony's "How You Wanna Carry It" entitled "Put Your Mask On" went viral in April 2020. During its peak, Baltimore club DJs received international recognition and were featured on the records of major artists. International recognition given to Baltimore club music and dance was short-lived. Many attribute the downfall of Baltimore club culture to the radio. Limiting club music to less than an hour a day of live radio play, but more than it received during its initial heyday, the formula of going to the club to hear the newest and freshest had been broken. The nightclub experience of going to the club, hearing it on the loud sound systems that it was custom made to be heard on and danced to had been breached, and it started to lose its audience and "cool factor". Though many credit radio with the downfall of Baltimore club culture, it also can be attributed to the closing of major Baltimore clubs, such as Paradox and Hammerjacks, nightclubs where Baltimore club culture was born.

Paragraph 7: During the last three years friends and I have interviewed several hundred former prisoners, read newspaper articles on the camps as well as various reports of Amnesty International, and have studied official statements from the Vietnamese Government and its press on the re-education camps. The picture that emerges is one of severe hardship, where prisoners are kept on a starvation diet, overworked and harshly punished for minor infractions of camp rules. We know of cases where prisoners have been beaten to death, confined to dark cells or in ditches dug around the perimeters of the camps and executed for attempting escape. A common form of punishment is confinement to the CONEX boxes—air-freight containers that were left behind by the United States in 1975. The boxes vary in size; some are made of wood and others of metal. In a CONEX box 4 feet high and 4 feet wide, for example, several prisoners would be confined with their feet shackled, and allowed only one bowl of rice and water a day. "It reminded me of the pictures I saw of Nazi camp inmates after World War II," said a physician we interviewed who witnessed the release of four prisoners who had been confined to a CONEX box for one month. None of them survived."

Paragraph 8: Basara finally returned to the ring on April 29, 2010, at a Vader Time independent event. On June 5, she returned to the ring with Hiroyo Matsumoto, losing to her at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event. On July 4, Basara made her debut for Pro Wrestling Wave, when she and Bambi defeated Misaki Ohata and Moeka Haruhi for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship. On August 5, Basara made a special appearance for All Japan Pro Wrestling, defeating Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru in a singles match. Two days later, Basara returned to JWP, wrestling in a match, where she was defeated by Leon. On September 26, Basara, Leon and Misaki Ohata formed the Shishi no Ana stable, with Basara now scheduled to become a regular member of the JWP roster. On October 31, Basara wrestled at a Yuzuki Aikawa produced Yuzupon Matsuri event, facing American Hailey Hatred. The match had to be ended abruptly, when Basara suffered a knee injury and was unable to continue. Okuda underwent surgery on April 8, 2011, and was sidelined from in-ring action for the entire year. She was originally scheduled to make her return at a Happy Hour!! event on December 18, but the return had to be postponed, when the event was canceled. On March 7, 2012, Okuda announced that she would wrestle her return match on March 25 at an event held by the Apache Pro-Wrestling Army promotion. On March 25, Basara was defeated by Taka Michinoku in her return match. On April 22, Basara made her debut for Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina at Reina 31, wrestling Saya to a ten-minute time limit draw and then challenging the promotion's founder, Yumiko Hotta, to a match. Seven days later at Reina 32, Basara was defeated by Hotta. Following the match, Hotta suggested that Basara turn a new leaf in her career and return to competing under her real name. On May 13 at Reina.33, Okuda, now once again working under her real name, teamed with Saya in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hikaru Shida and Tsukasa Fujimoto. Following the folding of Reina, most of the promotion's roster remained together to form the new Reina X World promotion, but Okuda chose to follow Yumiko Hotta out and on May 22, the two, along with Saya, made their debut as a unit for the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana promotion, interrupting a main event battle royal and starting an invasion storyline with the promotion. On June 25, Okuda was again sidelined, after suffering yet another knee injury while training. Okuda underwent two knee surgeries, first in August 2012 and the second in April 2013.

Paragraph 9: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 10: For many years Thomas maintained an intimate relationship with long-time friend, Mamie Gwinn. Thomas and Gwinn lived together at Bryn Mawr College in a small cottage that came to be known as "the Deanery".  "As late as the first decade of the twentieth century, she wrote of her relationship with Mamie in language analogous to marriage. But by the 1920s she faced a different world. The love between women that had once been broadly accepted was now being portrayed in fiction and on the stage as lesbian and deviant." When Gwinn left Thomas in 1904 to marry (a love triangle fictionalized in Gertrude Stein's Fernhurst) Alfred Hodder, a fellow Professor of English at Bryn Mawr College, Thomas pursued a relationship with Mary Elizabeth Garrett. Thomas shared her campus home, the Deanery, with Garrett and together they endeavored to grow Bryn Mawr's resources. Upon her death, Garrett, who had been prominent in suffrage work and a benefactor of Bryn Mawr, left to President Thomas "a sum which would, in 1994, be close to $15,000,000." to be disposed of as she saw fit. M. Carey Thomas had firm views on marriage, and in a letter to her mother she described it as a "Loss of freedom, poverty, and a personal subjection for which I see absolutely no compensation."

Paragraph 11: Unprogrammed worship (also known as waiting worship, silent worship, or holy communion in the manner of Friends) rests on the practices of George Fox and early Friends, who based their beliefs and practices on their interpretation of how early Christians worshipped God their Heavenly Father. Friends gather together in "expectant waiting upon God" to experience his still small voice leading them from within. There is no plan on how the meeting will proceed, and practice varies widely between Meetings and individual worship services. Friends believe that God plans what will happen, with his spirit leading people to speak. A participant who feels led to speak will stand and share a spoken ministry in front of others. When this happens, Quakers believe that the spirit of God is speaking through the speaker. After someone has spoken, it is customary to allow a few minutes to pass in silence for reflection on what was said, before further vocal ministry is given. Sometimes a meeting is quite silent, sometimes many speak. These meetings lasted for several hours in George Fox's day. Modern meetings are often limited to an hour, ending when two people (usually the elders) exchange the sign of peace by a handshake. This handshake is often shared by the others. This style of worship is the norm in Britain, Ireland, the continent of Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Southern Africa, Canada, and parts of the United States (particularly yearly meetings associated with Friends General Conference and Beanite Quakerism)—constituting about 11% of Quakers. Those who worship in this way hold each person to be equal before God and capable of knowing the light of God directly. Anyone present may speak if feeling led to do so. Traditionally, Recorded Ministers were recognised for their particular gift in vocal ministry. This practice continues among Conservative Friends and Liberal Friends (e.g. New York Yearly Meeting,), but many meetings where Liberal Friends predominate abolished this practice. London Yearly Meeting of Friends abolished the acknowledging and recording of Recorded Ministers in 1924.

Paragraph 12: For many years Thomas maintained an intimate relationship with long-time friend, Mamie Gwinn. Thomas and Gwinn lived together at Bryn Mawr College in a small cottage that came to be known as "the Deanery".  "As late as the first decade of the twentieth century, she wrote of her relationship with Mamie in language analogous to marriage. But by the 1920s she faced a different world. The love between women that had once been broadly accepted was now being portrayed in fiction and on the stage as lesbian and deviant." When Gwinn left Thomas in 1904 to marry (a love triangle fictionalized in Gertrude Stein's Fernhurst) Alfred Hodder, a fellow Professor of English at Bryn Mawr College, Thomas pursued a relationship with Mary Elizabeth Garrett. Thomas shared her campus home, the Deanery, with Garrett and together they endeavored to grow Bryn Mawr's resources. Upon her death, Garrett, who had been prominent in suffrage work and a benefactor of Bryn Mawr, left to President Thomas "a sum which would, in 1994, be close to $15,000,000." to be disposed of as she saw fit. M. Carey Thomas had firm views on marriage, and in a letter to her mother she described it as a "Loss of freedom, poverty, and a personal subjection for which I see absolutely no compensation."

Paragraph 13: "Before the full moon, the same king Coquarangon being in Carnelur, there arrived in a ship Thomas Caneneo, a chief man, who had resolved to see the uttermost part of the East, and some men, seeing him as he arrived, went to inform the king. And the king himself came and saw and called said chief man Thomas and he disembarked and came before the king who spoke graciously to him; and to honor him he gave him in surname his own name, calling him Coquarangon Caneneo. And he received this honor from the king and went to rest in his place. And the king gave him the city of Magoderpatanam forever. And the said king, being in his great prosperity, went one day to hunt in the forest, and the same king surrounded the whole forest and he called in haste for Thomas, who came and stood before the king in a lucky hour, and the king questioned the soothsayer. And the king afterwards spoke to Thomas saying that he would build a city in that forest. And he answered to the king first making reverence and said: "I desire this forest for myself". And the king granted it to him and gave it forever. And at once, the next day he cleared the forest and cast his eyes on it in the same year, on the eleventh of April, and gave it as an inheritance to Thomas at the time and day aforesaid, in the King's name, who laid the first brick for the church and for the house of Thomas Caneneo, and made there a city for all (of them) and entered the church and there made prayer the same day. After these things, Thomas himself went to the king's palaces and offered him presents, and afterwards he asked the king to give that land to him and to his descendants; and he measured two hundred and sixty-four elephant cubits, and gave them to Thomas and his descendants for ever: and the same time seventy-two houses which immediately were erected there, and gardens, and trees with their enclosures, and with their paths and boundaries and inner yards. And he granted him seven kinds of musical instruments, and all the honors, and to speak and walk like a king and that at the weddings the women might give a certain signal with their finger to their mouth, and he granted him distinct weight, and to adorn the ground with cloths, and he granted them royal fans and to double the sandal (mark) on the arm, and a tent and a royal canopy in every part of the kingdom for ever, and besides five tributes to Thomas, and to his lineage, and to his confederates, for men, and for women, and for all his relatives, and to the children of his law for ever. The said king gave it in his name"

Paragraph 14: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 15: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 16: The use of accent marks in printing varies by period, due to reforms successively promulgated by the Spanish Royal Academy. In early RAE publications (RAE statutes of 1715, Diccionario de autoridades of 1726), the acute accent was used extensively (e. g. Real Académia Españóla), although it was not used in paroxytones with two or more consonants after the stressed vowel, in most two-syllable paroxytones, and in some other words. (However, the Diccionario de autoridades, unlike the RAE statutes and later RAE publications, does not put accents on the capital letters.) In the Orthographía of 1741, the default stress is defined as paroxytone in words ending in , , , or , and in verbal forms ending in , and as oxytone in words ending in , , or other consonants. Since the Ortografía of 1754, the default stress is defined as paroxytone in words ending in vowels and oxytone in words ending in consonants, with some grammar-based exceptions, such as differential accents, plurals ending in , and verbal forms ending in  or ; but other words ending in  or  were accented according to the general rule: capitan, jóven, demas, mártes. In 1880, the rules were simplified: grammatical considerations were no longer taken into account, except for differential accents. As a result, many words spelled previously without the accent gained it. These include words with final stress ending in -n (e.g. , , , , —but future-tense verb forms like ,  had already been spelled with the accent); words ending in  which are not plurals (e. g. , , ); verbs in the imperfect tense (e.g. , ); the possessives mío and mía and the word . On the other hand, some words lost their accent mark, e. g.   → ,   → . Meanwhile, one-letter words other than the conjunction y—namely the preposition a and the conjunctions e (the form of y before an [i] sound), o, and u (form of o before [o])—were written with the grave accent (à, è, ò, ù) in early RAE publications and with the acute accent (á, é, ó, ú) from 1741 to 1911. The accent-marked infinitives such as , ,  began to outnumber the unaccented form around 1920, dropped the accent mark again in 1952, and regained it in 1959. Monosyllabic preterite verb forms such as  and  were written with accent marks before 1952.

Paragraph 17: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 18: During the last three years friends and I have interviewed several hundred former prisoners, read newspaper articles on the camps as well as various reports of Amnesty International, and have studied official statements from the Vietnamese Government and its press on the re-education camps. The picture that emerges is one of severe hardship, where prisoners are kept on a starvation diet, overworked and harshly punished for minor infractions of camp rules. We know of cases where prisoners have been beaten to death, confined to dark cells or in ditches dug around the perimeters of the camps and executed for attempting escape. A common form of punishment is confinement to the CONEX boxes—air-freight containers that were left behind by the United States in 1975. The boxes vary in size; some are made of wood and others of metal. In a CONEX box 4 feet high and 4 feet wide, for example, several prisoners would be confined with their feet shackled, and allowed only one bowl of rice and water a day. "It reminded me of the pictures I saw of Nazi camp inmates after World War II," said a physician we interviewed who witnessed the release of four prisoners who had been confined to a CONEX box for one month. None of them survived."

Paragraph 19: In 619, Liu Wuzhou captured Taiyuan, forcing Emperor Gaozu's son Li Yuanji the Prince of Qi to flee.  Liu then advanced south deep into Tang territory.  Pei volunteered to lead the army against Liu.  However, when he engaged Liu's general Song Jin'gang (宋金剛) at Dusuo Plain (度索原, in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi), Song cut off his water supplies and then defeated him, and he lost most of his soldiers.  He had to flee to Pingyang (平陽, in modern Linfen, Shanxi).  He sent a submission to Emperor Gaozu, requesting to be punished, but Emperor Gaozu did not punish him and continued to keep him in command of the forces in the region.  However, Pei, who was described to be fearful and not a capable general, was reduced to ordering the people into fortified cities, leaving the countryside for Liu to control and causing the dissatisfied people to rebel against Tang.  The situation became sufficiently severe that Emperor Gaozu considered abandoning the entire modern Shanxi region.  Li Shimin, however, argued that was inadvisable, and he led an army against Liu and Song, gradually fighting back and defeating Liu in 620, forcing Liu to flee to Eastern Tujue.  Meanwhile, Emperor Gaozu summoned Pei back to Chang'an and put him under arrest briefly, but soon released him and continued to honor him.  When Emperor Gaozu was away from Chang'an, he often had Pei in charge of the capital in his absence.  In 621, when Emperor Gaozu began minting new coins, he bestowed one mint press on Pei, allowing Pei to mint his own money, and he also took a daughter of Pei's to be the wife and princess of his son Li Yuanjing (李元景) the Prince of Zhao.  (Li Shimin and Li Yuanji, who were each granted three presses, were the only other individuals permitted to mint their own money.)  During the years, Pei offered several times to retire, and in 626, Emperor Gaozu granted him the honorific title of Sikong (司空) and allowed him to effectively retire, but further continued to set up rotations of junior officials from the executive bureau who would attend to Pei on a daily basis.

Paragraph 20: Baron Nugent is a title that has been created three times, twice in the Peerage of Ireland and once in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. All three creations are extinct. The first creation came in the Peerage of Ireland in 1767 in favour of Robert Craggs-Nugent, who was made Viscount Clare at the same time. In 1776 he was further honoured when he was made Earl Nugent. For further history of this creation, see Earl Nugent and Viscount Cobham. The second creation came in the Peerage of Ireland in 1800 when Mary, Marchioness of Buckingham, was made Baroness Nugent, of Carlanstown in the county of Westmeath, with remainder to her second son Lord George Nugent-Grenville. She was the daughter of the first Earl Nugent and the wife of George Nugent-Temple-Grenville, 1st Marquess of Buckingham. She was succeeded according to the special remainder by her younger son, Lord George, the second Baron. The title became extinct on his death in 1850. The third creation came in the Peerage of the United Kingdom on 22 August 1960 when Terence Nugent was made Baron Nugent, of West Harling in the county of Norfolk. This creation became extinct on his death in 1973.

Paragraph 21: After gaining his freedom around 1850, Adeshina began to engage in urban society in Cuba with growing strength and success. He got married and started a large family that survives today and continued his studies of divination with sages who had preceded him to Cuba. He made his first residence in Matanzas City, known as Cuba's African “Athens.”  In the mid-1860s, Adeshina lived in Rule, as indicated by the birth of his daughter Josefa Herrera (Pepa Eshu Bí) in 1864 and his son Teodoro Herrera in 1866, evident from their birth and christening certificates. There he founded the Cabildo Yemaya with Ño Filomeno García "Atanda",  Ño Juan "lame" and Aña Bí (his future wife), whom he met while living in Matanzas. This period marked the beginning of the life of Adeshina as a man of means, able to support and accommodate the council, first located at home, and later on land Morales Street. He later became a property owner, builder and man of connections and influence as indicated by the census documents of 1881. In this census, it appears that the birth year of Adeshina was in 1811. Moving back and forth along the well-traveled road to the capital, Havana, he built his fortune as a stonemason, cultivated patronage relationships with white professional families, trained countless others in the Lucumí religion, and set down a veritable residence on St. Ciprian Street (later Fresneda) in the Havana seaport village of Regla by the late 1860s. The town takes its name from the Holy Virgin of Regla, whose sanctuary was founded by the Spanish noble Antón Recio, who owned Regla's lands as early as the 1600s. A series of documents from 1900 also reveal the significant price of his home and other property. The house was valued at 115,000 pesos of Spanish gold and also showed rental income from other properties of six silver pesos monthly. Adeshina also owned other landed property unoccupied at Calle Morales (later renamed Street Perdomo) valued at 300 pesos of gold.  Its economically independent position suggested by the fact that the mortgage, as seen in the pages 492, No. 32, November 12, 1900; and No. 1600 of the City of Rule, Province of Havana, were related to urban properties. As a result of Adeshina's significant social connections, prominent Cuban elites witnessed his marriage on October 26, 1891, including Matanzas Francisca Burlet, a white businessman, a magistrate, a pharmacist and a butler. In the marriage certificate, his birth date is stated as 1816.

Paragraph 22: Following his graduation from SPU in 1992, there is a two-year gap in his career before Farrell signed with the expansion Seattle Sounders of the American Professional Soccer League in 1994.  He played three seasons in Seattle, winning the 1995 and 1996 championships.  Farrell scored the final goal of the 1995 A-League Championship, which would also prove to be the final goal scored in the first tier of American Soccer prior to Major League Soccer's formation and takeover of that slot the following year. In the 1996 championship, he assisted on Joey Leonetti’s first goal in a 2-0 victory over the Rochester Raging Rhinos.  In 1995, Farrell signed with the indoor Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL).  He would play two seasons in Kansas City, alternating between them and the outdoor Sounders.  In 1996, the Attack lost in the finals, but took the championship in 1997, giving Farrell his third title.  While he Farrell is listed in some sources as playing the 1997-1998 season with the Attack, he is not listed in their end of year statistics.  In March 1997, the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer selected Farrell in the second round (13th overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft.  He played eighteen games, starting ten that season. Just more than three months after being the fourth player picked by the Chicago Fire in the 1997 MLS Expansion Draft on November 6, 1997, he was sent back to the Crew in exchange for Frank Klopas on February 19, 1998. Despite playing twenty-four games in the 2000 season, the Crew released Farrell after his relationship with head coach Tom Fitzgerald became acrimonious.  In January 2001, Farrell was signed by the Wichita Wings of the NPSL after his good friend Jason Dunn was lost for the season due to a neck injury. Farrell helped solidify the midfield for the Wings, and he helped lead them to the playoffs. Unfortunately after the season, the Wings' franchise folded after 22 years, and Farrell moved back to the Pacific Northwest to rejoin the Sounders.  On January 30, 2001 he signed with the sounders, playing the 2001 season with them.  However, on August 31, 2001, he was loaned to the Los Angeles Galaxy of MLS when Brian Ching was injured.  Farrell remained an unused substitute during his short stint in Los Angeles.  On September 14, 2004, announced Farrell intention to retire at the end of the season.

Paragraph 23: Slovakia is a parliamentary republic. Legislative powers are vested in the National Assembly of the Slovak Republic (Slovak: Národná rada Slovenskej republiky, NRSR). The NRSR is of a unicameral body and consists of 150 members of the parliament directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a four-year term office. The prime minister, who serves as the head of government, is appointed by the president, but is accountable solely to the NRSR. The seats at National Assembly are elected by a proportional representation (PR) in a single, nationwide electoral constituency. Slovakia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments. Before the elections, political parties (or coalitions of two or more parties) submit the lists of candidates. Voters may indicate preferences for up to four candidates in one list. The seats at National Council are distributed by Hagenbach-Bischoff method on a nationwide basis - however a threshold of 5% of the votes needs to be met in order for a party to participate in the distribution of National Council seats, whereas coalitions of two to three parties and four or more parties are required to obtain at least seven and ten percent of the vote, respectively.

Paragraph 24: There is no information about the exact date of the establishment of the library of Asta- Quds - Razvi. Some consider the endowment date (974 AD) of the oldest Quran to the Holy Shrine of Imam Reza (AS) by a person called Ali Ibn Simjour, as the year of establishment date of the library of Asta- Quds - Razvi (or recitation place of Quran). It can also be assumed from some extant documents concerning the endowments that the library was open to the public and used by them in 1457 AD. From about 1737 AD, a special place was allocated to the library but a serious attention was paid to it in the early period of 20th century. However, an increasing inclination of using the library by the researches and scholars, prompted a faster development and growth to the library.

Paragraph 25: Basara finally returned to the ring on April 29, 2010, at a Vader Time independent event. On June 5, she returned to the ring with Hiroyo Matsumoto, losing to her at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event. On July 4, Basara made her debut for Pro Wrestling Wave, when she and Bambi defeated Misaki Ohata and Moeka Haruhi for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship. On August 5, Basara made a special appearance for All Japan Pro Wrestling, defeating Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru in a singles match. Two days later, Basara returned to JWP, wrestling in a match, where she was defeated by Leon. On September 26, Basara, Leon and Misaki Ohata formed the Shishi no Ana stable, with Basara now scheduled to become a regular member of the JWP roster. On October 31, Basara wrestled at a Yuzuki Aikawa produced Yuzupon Matsuri event, facing American Hailey Hatred. The match had to be ended abruptly, when Basara suffered a knee injury and was unable to continue. Okuda underwent surgery on April 8, 2011, and was sidelined from in-ring action for the entire year. She was originally scheduled to make her return at a Happy Hour!! event on December 18, but the return had to be postponed, when the event was canceled. On March 7, 2012, Okuda announced that she would wrestle her return match on March 25 at an event held by the Apache Pro-Wrestling Army promotion. On March 25, Basara was defeated by Taka Michinoku in her return match. On April 22, Basara made her debut for Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina at Reina 31, wrestling Saya to a ten-minute time limit draw and then challenging the promotion's founder, Yumiko Hotta, to a match. Seven days later at Reina 32, Basara was defeated by Hotta. Following the match, Hotta suggested that Basara turn a new leaf in her career and return to competing under her real name. On May 13 at Reina.33, Okuda, now once again working under her real name, teamed with Saya in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hikaru Shida and Tsukasa Fujimoto. Following the folding of Reina, most of the promotion's roster remained together to form the new Reina X World promotion, but Okuda chose to follow Yumiko Hotta out and on May 22, the two, along with Saya, made their debut as a unit for the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana promotion, interrupting a main event battle royal and starting an invasion storyline with the promotion. On June 25, Okuda was again sidelined, after suffering yet another knee injury while training. Okuda underwent two knee surgeries, first in August 2012 and the second in April 2013.

Paragraph 26: Slovakia is a parliamentary republic. Legislative powers are vested in the National Assembly of the Slovak Republic (Slovak: Národná rada Slovenskej republiky, NRSR). The NRSR is of a unicameral body and consists of 150 members of the parliament directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a four-year term office. The prime minister, who serves as the head of government, is appointed by the president, but is accountable solely to the NRSR. The seats at National Assembly are elected by a proportional representation (PR) in a single, nationwide electoral constituency. Slovakia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments. Before the elections, political parties (or coalitions of two or more parties) submit the lists of candidates. Voters may indicate preferences for up to four candidates in one list. The seats at National Council are distributed by Hagenbach-Bischoff method on a nationwide basis - however a threshold of 5% of the votes needs to be met in order for a party to participate in the distribution of National Council seats, whereas coalitions of two to three parties and four or more parties are required to obtain at least seven and ten percent of the vote, respectively.

Paragraph 27: "Before the full moon, the same king Coquarangon being in Carnelur, there arrived in a ship Thomas Caneneo, a chief man, who had resolved to see the uttermost part of the East, and some men, seeing him as he arrived, went to inform the king. And the king himself came and saw and called said chief man Thomas and he disembarked and came before the king who spoke graciously to him; and to honor him he gave him in surname his own name, calling him Coquarangon Caneneo. And he received this honor from the king and went to rest in his place. And the king gave him the city of Magoderpatanam forever. And the said king, being in his great prosperity, went one day to hunt in the forest, and the same king surrounded the whole forest and he called in haste for Thomas, who came and stood before the king in a lucky hour, and the king questioned the soothsayer. And the king afterwards spoke to Thomas saying that he would build a city in that forest. And he answered to the king first making reverence and said: "I desire this forest for myself". And the king granted it to him and gave it forever. And at once, the next day he cleared the forest and cast his eyes on it in the same year, on the eleventh of April, and gave it as an inheritance to Thomas at the time and day aforesaid, in the King's name, who laid the first brick for the church and for the house of Thomas Caneneo, and made there a city for all (of them) and entered the church and there made prayer the same day. After these things, Thomas himself went to the king's palaces and offered him presents, and afterwards he asked the king to give that land to him and to his descendants; and he measured two hundred and sixty-four elephant cubits, and gave them to Thomas and his descendants for ever: and the same time seventy-two houses which immediately were erected there, and gardens, and trees with their enclosures, and with their paths and boundaries and inner yards. And he granted him seven kinds of musical instruments, and all the honors, and to speak and walk like a king and that at the weddings the women might give a certain signal with their finger to their mouth, and he granted him distinct weight, and to adorn the ground with cloths, and he granted them royal fans and to double the sandal (mark) on the arm, and a tent and a royal canopy in every part of the kingdom for ever, and besides five tributes to Thomas, and to his lineage, and to his confederates, for men, and for women, and for all his relatives, and to the children of his law for ever. The said king gave it in his name"

Paragraph 28:  Mac and Molly Mange (voiced by Neil Ross and April Winchell) - The husband-and-wife criminal team similar to Bonnie and Clyde, Mac and Molly Mange both used to head the most notorious mob syndicate in Megakat City. They drowned when the boat they were in was hit by a larger boat while attempting to escape from Alkatraz prison. Their bodies were found by Professor Hackle's robot servants and their minds were placed in the brains of robots. Mac was supposed to be a robot-chauffeur (though ironically, he was a poor driver) and Molly was to be a robot-maid, but instead remained criminals and took on the moniker of The Metallikats. They first appeared in "The Metallikats" where they kill Katscratch, a rival mob boss who took over their territory and injured the rest of his gang. They had a vendetta against Mayor Manx for denying their parole request, though it turned out that Callie had done it as the mayor was too busy to handle it. Mac and Molly often bickered with each other, but do love each other and would come to each other's aid when one was in trouble. Mac was considered the "muscle" of the team while Molly was considered the "brains." In "Metal Urgency", they both discovered the secret identities of the SWAT Kats. However, this knowledge was erased when Commander Feral deactivated them with Professor Hackle's EMP device in the same episode as Commander Feral quotes "I don't deal with scum" when they offered to reveal the SWAT Kats' identities to him. In "Katastrophe", their remains were salvaged by the Creeplings when Dark Kat collaborated with Dr. Viper in a plot to eliminate the SWAT Kats. Dark Kat had special collars placed on the Metallikats' necks which give them a shock when they don't do what Dark Kat says. They were sent to capture Mayor Manx and Callie Briggs which was a success. This ended up drawing the SWAT Kats and Commander Feral to the villains' hideout at an abandoned offshore cannery. When the Metallikats turned against Dark Kat, he discovered that Dr. Viper deactivated the collars. In a battle between the villains, Commander Feral, and the SWAT Kats, the villains were defeated and were thought to have been destroyed. In "A Bright and Shiny Future", the SWAT Kats follow Pastmaster into a future where Pastmaster had reassembled the Metallikats, had taken over the robots, and did away with that time period's SWAT Kats. The Metallikats turn on Pastmaster and have their robots steal his watch while knocking him into the river. With help from that time period's Commander Feral, Felina Feral, Professor Hackle, and the Pastmaster, the SWAT Kats defeated the Metallikats as Professor Hackle reprograms all the robots and Pastmaster reclaims his watch. In "Unlikely Alloys" the Metallikats attempt to rob a mint, but the Swat Kats intervene, resulting in Molly being severely injured and Mac losing his arm. Mac steals Dr. Greenbox's Micro Brain Repair Unit to repair himself and Molly. However, the invention gains sentience and assimilates various appliances and weapons, dubbing itself Zed. Though Zed was at first compliant to the Metallikats, it decided they were inferior and assimilated Mac. Molly aided the SWAT Kats and Dr. Greenbox to stop Zed but upon realizing Mac was connected to Zed and would shut down upon Zed's destruction, the Swat Kats were forced to allow Zed to assimilate Molly. When Zed was destroyed the Metallikats were presumed deceased but survived, though Mac was fused with a food processor. In some ways, they are quite similar to the Superman villain Metallo.

Paragraph 29: "Before the full moon, the same king Coquarangon being in Carnelur, there arrived in a ship Thomas Caneneo, a chief man, who had resolved to see the uttermost part of the East, and some men, seeing him as he arrived, went to inform the king. And the king himself came and saw and called said chief man Thomas and he disembarked and came before the king who spoke graciously to him; and to honor him he gave him in surname his own name, calling him Coquarangon Caneneo. And he received this honor from the king and went to rest in his place. And the king gave him the city of Magoderpatanam forever. And the said king, being in his great prosperity, went one day to hunt in the forest, and the same king surrounded the whole forest and he called in haste for Thomas, who came and stood before the king in a lucky hour, and the king questioned the soothsayer. And the king afterwards spoke to Thomas saying that he would build a city in that forest. And he answered to the king first making reverence and said: "I desire this forest for myself". And the king granted it to him and gave it forever. And at once, the next day he cleared the forest and cast his eyes on it in the same year, on the eleventh of April, and gave it as an inheritance to Thomas at the time and day aforesaid, in the King's name, who laid the first brick for the church and for the house of Thomas Caneneo, and made there a city for all (of them) and entered the church and there made prayer the same day. After these things, Thomas himself went to the king's palaces and offered him presents, and afterwards he asked the king to give that land to him and to his descendants; and he measured two hundred and sixty-four elephant cubits, and gave them to Thomas and his descendants for ever: and the same time seventy-two houses which immediately were erected there, and gardens, and trees with their enclosures, and with their paths and boundaries and inner yards. And he granted him seven kinds of musical instruments, and all the honors, and to speak and walk like a king and that at the weddings the women might give a certain signal with their finger to their mouth, and he granted him distinct weight, and to adorn the ground with cloths, and he granted them royal fans and to double the sandal (mark) on the arm, and a tent and a royal canopy in every part of the kingdom for ever, and besides five tributes to Thomas, and to his lineage, and to his confederates, for men, and for women, and for all his relatives, and to the children of his law for ever. The said king gave it in his name"

Paragraph 30: In 619, Liu Wuzhou captured Taiyuan, forcing Emperor Gaozu's son Li Yuanji the Prince of Qi to flee.  Liu then advanced south deep into Tang territory.  Pei volunteered to lead the army against Liu.  However, when he engaged Liu's general Song Jin'gang (宋金剛) at Dusuo Plain (度索原, in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi), Song cut off his water supplies and then defeated him, and he lost most of his soldiers.  He had to flee to Pingyang (平陽, in modern Linfen, Shanxi).  He sent a submission to Emperor Gaozu, requesting to be punished, but Emperor Gaozu did not punish him and continued to keep him in command of the forces in the region.  However, Pei, who was described to be fearful and not a capable general, was reduced to ordering the people into fortified cities, leaving the countryside for Liu to control and causing the dissatisfied people to rebel against Tang.  The situation became sufficiently severe that Emperor Gaozu considered abandoning the entire modern Shanxi region.  Li Shimin, however, argued that was inadvisable, and he led an army against Liu and Song, gradually fighting back and defeating Liu in 620, forcing Liu to flee to Eastern Tujue.  Meanwhile, Emperor Gaozu summoned Pei back to Chang'an and put him under arrest briefly, but soon released him and continued to honor him.  When Emperor Gaozu was away from Chang'an, he often had Pei in charge of the capital in his absence.  In 621, when Emperor Gaozu began minting new coins, he bestowed one mint press on Pei, allowing Pei to mint his own money, and he also took a daughter of Pei's to be the wife and princess of his son Li Yuanjing (李元景) the Prince of Zhao.  (Li Shimin and Li Yuanji, who were each granted three presses, were the only other individuals permitted to mint their own money.)  During the years, Pei offered several times to retire, and in 626, Emperor Gaozu granted him the honorific title of Sikong (司空) and allowed him to effectively retire, but further continued to set up rotations of junior officials from the executive bureau who would attend to Pei on a daily basis.

Paragraph 31: Sega at that time was owned by a foreign company and led by David Rosen. He brought Pong from Atari to the Japanese offices, which impressed Sato. The developers quickly researched how games with TV's were made, and thus Sega quickly brought its first video game to market with Pong Tron in 1973. Hayao Nakayama, who later became president, joined Sega after the purchase of game distribution company Esco Trading. According to Sato, Nakayama was more than just a manager, he had helpful input into games like Monaco GP as well, as he firmly understood the business of games and that the development division is the most important part of a company. Sega learned a lot about programming and software after purchasing Gremlin Industries in 1980, which was located in San Diego. It was because of this purchase that Sega began using printed circuit boards for games. Sega's first arcade board was the System 1, which debuted with Star Jacker. It was developed by Sato and was their first standardized arcade board, before then each game had individually costumized hardware. Home computers was an interest of Nakayama, the MSX was becoming popular. So a small team of three people were involved in creating the SC-3000. The game capabilities of it were turned into the SG-1000, the first home console of Sega, which was made after Sega learned about Nintendo's plans to release the Famicom. At the same time the System 2 arcade hardware was developed, this time by an engineer called Hiroshi Yagi. System 2 was also capable of displaying multiple screens which was used in a horse racing medal game called Super Derby, which was useful for the development of the Sega Game Gear. The new console Sega Mark III, overseas called Sega Master System, was made with the purpose that System 1 and 2 arcade games could easily be ported. It was thought that spreading home hardware while also developing more powerful arcade hardware would make players go to an actual arcade, and that this would create a virtous cycle. Around the same time, the Motorola 68000 was used in arcades, and it was modified to suit home consoles, which resulted in the Mega Drive in 1988. According to Sato this was when Sega began sharing the know-how between arcade and home hardware. Sega also increased the amount of female customers in arcades with the UFO Catcher, an improved type of crane game that existed before, and acquiring the Tetris license for arcades.

Paragraph 32: Although the period from 1837 to 1864 in the US is often referred to as the Free Banking Era, the term is a misnomer in terms of the definition of "free banking" above. Free Banking in the United States before the Civil War refers to various state banking systems based on what were called at the time "free banking" laws. These laws made it necessary for new entrants to secure charters, each of which was subject to a vote by the state legislature with obvious opportunities for corruption. These general banking laws also restricted banks' activities in important ways. Most importantly, US free banks could have only one office and had to provide security for their notes by gold reserves but also by purchasing and surrendering to state banking authorities certain securities the state law deemed acceptable for the purpose. The securities generally included bonds of state governments. The depreciation of these bonds was the chief cause of free bank failures in various episodes when many banks in a state failed. The lack of branch banking, in turn, caused state-issued banknotes to be discounted at varying rates once they had traveled any considerable distance from their sources, which was an inconvenience. Depreciation of assets more generally is also used to explain failures. Several authors attribute the high-rate of bank failures during the Free Banking era in the US ultimately to restrictions on banks' portfolios of assets. For reviews of the literature, see  and  Then, from 1863 to 1913, known as the National Banks Era, state-chartered banks were operating under a free banking system. Some scholars have found that the system was mostly stable compared to National Banks of that era.

Paragraph 33: In 619, Liu Wuzhou captured Taiyuan, forcing Emperor Gaozu's son Li Yuanji the Prince of Qi to flee.  Liu then advanced south deep into Tang territory.  Pei volunteered to lead the army against Liu.  However, when he engaged Liu's general Song Jin'gang (宋金剛) at Dusuo Plain (度索原, in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi), Song cut off his water supplies and then defeated him, and he lost most of his soldiers.  He had to flee to Pingyang (平陽, in modern Linfen, Shanxi).  He sent a submission to Emperor Gaozu, requesting to be punished, but Emperor Gaozu did not punish him and continued to keep him in command of the forces in the region.  However, Pei, who was described to be fearful and not a capable general, was reduced to ordering the people into fortified cities, leaving the countryside for Liu to control and causing the dissatisfied people to rebel against Tang.  The situation became sufficiently severe that Emperor Gaozu considered abandoning the entire modern Shanxi region.  Li Shimin, however, argued that was inadvisable, and he led an army against Liu and Song, gradually fighting back and defeating Liu in 620, forcing Liu to flee to Eastern Tujue.  Meanwhile, Emperor Gaozu summoned Pei back to Chang'an and put him under arrest briefly, but soon released him and continued to honor him.  When Emperor Gaozu was away from Chang'an, he often had Pei in charge of the capital in his absence.  In 621, when Emperor Gaozu began minting new coins, he bestowed one mint press on Pei, allowing Pei to mint his own money, and he also took a daughter of Pei's to be the wife and princess of his son Li Yuanjing (李元景) the Prince of Zhao.  (Li Shimin and Li Yuanji, who were each granted three presses, were the only other individuals permitted to mint their own money.)  During the years, Pei offered several times to retire, and in 626, Emperor Gaozu granted him the honorific title of Sikong (司空) and allowed him to effectively retire, but further continued to set up rotations of junior officials from the executive bureau who would attend to Pei on a daily basis.

Paragraph 34: After gaining his freedom around 1850, Adeshina began to engage in urban society in Cuba with growing strength and success. He got married and started a large family that survives today and continued his studies of divination with sages who had preceded him to Cuba. He made his first residence in Matanzas City, known as Cuba's African “Athens.”  In the mid-1860s, Adeshina lived in Rule, as indicated by the birth of his daughter Josefa Herrera (Pepa Eshu Bí) in 1864 and his son Teodoro Herrera in 1866, evident from their birth and christening certificates. There he founded the Cabildo Yemaya with Ño Filomeno García "Atanda",  Ño Juan "lame" and Aña Bí (his future wife), whom he met while living in Matanzas. This period marked the beginning of the life of Adeshina as a man of means, able to support and accommodate the council, first located at home, and later on land Morales Street. He later became a property owner, builder and man of connections and influence as indicated by the census documents of 1881. In this census, it appears that the birth year of Adeshina was in 1811. Moving back and forth along the well-traveled road to the capital, Havana, he built his fortune as a stonemason, cultivated patronage relationships with white professional families, trained countless others in the Lucumí religion, and set down a veritable residence on St. Ciprian Street (later Fresneda) in the Havana seaport village of Regla by the late 1860s. The town takes its name from the Holy Virgin of Regla, whose sanctuary was founded by the Spanish noble Antón Recio, who owned Regla's lands as early as the 1600s. A series of documents from 1900 also reveal the significant price of his home and other property. The house was valued at 115,000 pesos of Spanish gold and also showed rental income from other properties of six silver pesos monthly. Adeshina also owned other landed property unoccupied at Calle Morales (later renamed Street Perdomo) valued at 300 pesos of gold.  Its economically independent position suggested by the fact that the mortgage, as seen in the pages 492, No. 32, November 12, 1900; and No. 1600 of the City of Rule, Province of Havana, were related to urban properties. As a result of Adeshina's significant social connections, prominent Cuban elites witnessed his marriage on October 26, 1891, including Matanzas Francisca Burlet, a white businessman, a magistrate, a pharmacist and a butler. In the marriage certificate, his birth date is stated as 1816.

Paragraph 35: The use of accent marks in printing varies by period, due to reforms successively promulgated by the Spanish Royal Academy. In early RAE publications (RAE statutes of 1715, Diccionario de autoridades of 1726), the acute accent was used extensively (e. g. Real Académia Españóla), although it was not used in paroxytones with two or more consonants after the stressed vowel, in most two-syllable paroxytones, and in some other words. (However, the Diccionario de autoridades, unlike the RAE statutes and later RAE publications, does not put accents on the capital letters.) In the Orthographía of 1741, the default stress is defined as paroxytone in words ending in , , , or , and in verbal forms ending in , and as oxytone in words ending in , , or other consonants. Since the Ortografía of 1754, the default stress is defined as paroxytone in words ending in vowels and oxytone in words ending in consonants, with some grammar-based exceptions, such as differential accents, plurals ending in , and verbal forms ending in  or ; but other words ending in  or  were accented according to the general rule: capitan, jóven, demas, mártes. In 1880, the rules were simplified: grammatical considerations were no longer taken into account, except for differential accents. As a result, many words spelled previously without the accent gained it. These include words with final stress ending in -n (e.g. , , , , —but future-tense verb forms like ,  had already been spelled with the accent); words ending in  which are not plurals (e. g. , , ); verbs in the imperfect tense (e.g. , ); the possessives mío and mía and the word . On the other hand, some words lost their accent mark, e. g.   → ,   → . Meanwhile, one-letter words other than the conjunction y—namely the preposition a and the conjunctions e (the form of y before an [i] sound), o, and u (form of o before [o])—were written with the grave accent (à, è, ò, ù) in early RAE publications and with the acute accent (á, é, ó, ú) from 1741 to 1911. The accent-marked infinitives such as , ,  began to outnumber the unaccented form around 1920, dropped the accent mark again in 1952, and regained it in 1959. Monosyllabic preterite verb forms such as  and  were written with accent marks before 1952.

Paragraph 36: Following his graduation from SPU in 1992, there is a two-year gap in his career before Farrell signed with the expansion Seattle Sounders of the American Professional Soccer League in 1994.  He played three seasons in Seattle, winning the 1995 and 1996 championships.  Farrell scored the final goal of the 1995 A-League Championship, which would also prove to be the final goal scored in the first tier of American Soccer prior to Major League Soccer's formation and takeover of that slot the following year. In the 1996 championship, he assisted on Joey Leonetti’s first goal in a 2-0 victory over the Rochester Raging Rhinos.  In 1995, Farrell signed with the indoor Kansas City Attack of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL).  He would play two seasons in Kansas City, alternating between them and the outdoor Sounders.  In 1996, the Attack lost in the finals, but took the championship in 1997, giving Farrell his third title.  While he Farrell is listed in some sources as playing the 1997-1998 season with the Attack, he is not listed in their end of year statistics.  In March 1997, the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer selected Farrell in the second round (13th overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft.  He played eighteen games, starting ten that season. Just more than three months after being the fourth player picked by the Chicago Fire in the 1997 MLS Expansion Draft on November 6, 1997, he was sent back to the Crew in exchange for Frank Klopas on February 19, 1998. Despite playing twenty-four games in the 2000 season, the Crew released Farrell after his relationship with head coach Tom Fitzgerald became acrimonious.  In January 2001, Farrell was signed by the Wichita Wings of the NPSL after his good friend Jason Dunn was lost for the season due to a neck injury. Farrell helped solidify the midfield for the Wings, and he helped lead them to the playoffs. Unfortunately after the season, the Wings' franchise folded after 22 years, and Farrell moved back to the Pacific Northwest to rejoin the Sounders.  On January 30, 2001 he signed with the sounders, playing the 2001 season with them.  However, on August 31, 2001, he was loaned to the Los Angeles Galaxy of MLS when Brian Ching was injured.  Farrell remained an unused substitute during his short stint in Los Angeles.  On September 14, 2004, announced Farrell intention to retire at the end of the season.

Paragraph 37:  Mac and Molly Mange (voiced by Neil Ross and April Winchell) - The husband-and-wife criminal team similar to Bonnie and Clyde, Mac and Molly Mange both used to head the most notorious mob syndicate in Megakat City. They drowned when the boat they were in was hit by a larger boat while attempting to escape from Alkatraz prison. Their bodies were found by Professor Hackle's robot servants and their minds were placed in the brains of robots. Mac was supposed to be a robot-chauffeur (though ironically, he was a poor driver) and Molly was to be a robot-maid, but instead remained criminals and took on the moniker of The Metallikats. They first appeared in "The Metallikats" where they kill Katscratch, a rival mob boss who took over their territory and injured the rest of his gang. They had a vendetta against Mayor Manx for denying their parole request, though it turned out that Callie had done it as the mayor was too busy to handle it. Mac and Molly often bickered with each other, but do love each other and would come to each other's aid when one was in trouble. Mac was considered the "muscle" of the team while Molly was considered the "brains." In "Metal Urgency", they both discovered the secret identities of the SWAT Kats. However, this knowledge was erased when Commander Feral deactivated them with Professor Hackle's EMP device in the same episode as Commander Feral quotes "I don't deal with scum" when they offered to reveal the SWAT Kats' identities to him. In "Katastrophe", their remains were salvaged by the Creeplings when Dark Kat collaborated with Dr. Viper in a plot to eliminate the SWAT Kats. Dark Kat had special collars placed on the Metallikats' necks which give them a shock when they don't do what Dark Kat says. They were sent to capture Mayor Manx and Callie Briggs which was a success. This ended up drawing the SWAT Kats and Commander Feral to the villains' hideout at an abandoned offshore cannery. When the Metallikats turned against Dark Kat, he discovered that Dr. Viper deactivated the collars. In a battle between the villains, Commander Feral, and the SWAT Kats, the villains were defeated and were thought to have been destroyed. In "A Bright and Shiny Future", the SWAT Kats follow Pastmaster into a future where Pastmaster had reassembled the Metallikats, had taken over the robots, and did away with that time period's SWAT Kats. The Metallikats turn on Pastmaster and have their robots steal his watch while knocking him into the river. With help from that time period's Commander Feral, Felina Feral, Professor Hackle, and the Pastmaster, the SWAT Kats defeated the Metallikats as Professor Hackle reprograms all the robots and Pastmaster reclaims his watch. In "Unlikely Alloys" the Metallikats attempt to rob a mint, but the Swat Kats intervene, resulting in Molly being severely injured and Mac losing his arm. Mac steals Dr. Greenbox's Micro Brain Repair Unit to repair himself and Molly. However, the invention gains sentience and assimilates various appliances and weapons, dubbing itself Zed. Though Zed was at first compliant to the Metallikats, it decided they were inferior and assimilated Mac. Molly aided the SWAT Kats and Dr. Greenbox to stop Zed but upon realizing Mac was connected to Zed and would shut down upon Zed's destruction, the Swat Kats were forced to allow Zed to assimilate Molly. When Zed was destroyed the Metallikats were presumed deceased but survived, though Mac was fused with a food processor. In some ways, they are quite similar to the Superman villain Metallo.

Paragraph 38: Just prior to the second drunk driving incident, Baltimore attempted to trade Ponson to the San Diego Padres for first baseman Phil Nevin at the 2005 trade deadline, but the deal fell through when Nevin invoked his no-trade clause. Nevin eventually was traded to Texas. On September 1, 2005, the Orioles released Ponson and voided his contract, saying that his infractions with the law went against a morals clause in Major League Baseball contracts. A week later, on September 8, the Major League Baseball Players Association filed a grievance on Ponson's behalf. The Orioles settled the grievance in 2009, with the Orioles reportedly agreeing to pay the remaining $10.1 million.

Paragraph 39:  Mac and Molly Mange (voiced by Neil Ross and April Winchell) - The husband-and-wife criminal team similar to Bonnie and Clyde, Mac and Molly Mange both used to head the most notorious mob syndicate in Megakat City. They drowned when the boat they were in was hit by a larger boat while attempting to escape from Alkatraz prison. Their bodies were found by Professor Hackle's robot servants and their minds were placed in the brains of robots. Mac was supposed to be a robot-chauffeur (though ironically, he was a poor driver) and Molly was to be a robot-maid, but instead remained criminals and took on the moniker of The Metallikats. They first appeared in "The Metallikats" where they kill Katscratch, a rival mob boss who took over their territory and injured the rest of his gang. They had a vendetta against Mayor Manx for denying their parole request, though it turned out that Callie had done it as the mayor was too busy to handle it. Mac and Molly often bickered with each other, but do love each other and would come to each other's aid when one was in trouble. Mac was considered the "muscle" of the team while Molly was considered the "brains." In "Metal Urgency", they both discovered the secret identities of the SWAT Kats. However, this knowledge was erased when Commander Feral deactivated them with Professor Hackle's EMP device in the same episode as Commander Feral quotes "I don't deal with scum" when they offered to reveal the SWAT Kats' identities to him. In "Katastrophe", their remains were salvaged by the Creeplings when Dark Kat collaborated with Dr. Viper in a plot to eliminate the SWAT Kats. Dark Kat had special collars placed on the Metallikats' necks which give them a shock when they don't do what Dark Kat says. They were sent to capture Mayor Manx and Callie Briggs which was a success. This ended up drawing the SWAT Kats and Commander Feral to the villains' hideout at an abandoned offshore cannery. When the Metallikats turned against Dark Kat, he discovered that Dr. Viper deactivated the collars. In a battle between the villains, Commander Feral, and the SWAT Kats, the villains were defeated and were thought to have been destroyed. In "A Bright and Shiny Future", the SWAT Kats follow Pastmaster into a future where Pastmaster had reassembled the Metallikats, had taken over the robots, and did away with that time period's SWAT Kats. The Metallikats turn on Pastmaster and have their robots steal his watch while knocking him into the river. With help from that time period's Commander Feral, Felina Feral, Professor Hackle, and the Pastmaster, the SWAT Kats defeated the Metallikats as Professor Hackle reprograms all the robots and Pastmaster reclaims his watch. In "Unlikely Alloys" the Metallikats attempt to rob a mint, but the Swat Kats intervene, resulting in Molly being severely injured and Mac losing his arm. Mac steals Dr. Greenbox's Micro Brain Repair Unit to repair himself and Molly. However, the invention gains sentience and assimilates various appliances and weapons, dubbing itself Zed. Though Zed was at first compliant to the Metallikats, it decided they were inferior and assimilated Mac. Molly aided the SWAT Kats and Dr. Greenbox to stop Zed but upon realizing Mac was connected to Zed and would shut down upon Zed's destruction, the Swat Kats were forced to allow Zed to assimilate Molly. When Zed was destroyed the Metallikats were presumed deceased but survived, though Mac was fused with a food processor. In some ways, they are quite similar to the Superman villain Metallo.

Paragraph 40: In 619, Liu Wuzhou captured Taiyuan, forcing Emperor Gaozu's son Li Yuanji the Prince of Qi to flee.  Liu then advanced south deep into Tang territory.  Pei volunteered to lead the army against Liu.  However, when he engaged Liu's general Song Jin'gang (宋金剛) at Dusuo Plain (度索原, in modern Jinzhong, Shanxi), Song cut off his water supplies and then defeated him, and he lost most of his soldiers.  He had to flee to Pingyang (平陽, in modern Linfen, Shanxi).  He sent a submission to Emperor Gaozu, requesting to be punished, but Emperor Gaozu did not punish him and continued to keep him in command of the forces in the region.  However, Pei, who was described to be fearful and not a capable general, was reduced to ordering the people into fortified cities, leaving the countryside for Liu to control and causing the dissatisfied people to rebel against Tang.  The situation became sufficiently severe that Emperor Gaozu considered abandoning the entire modern Shanxi region.  Li Shimin, however, argued that was inadvisable, and he led an army against Liu and Song, gradually fighting back and defeating Liu in 620, forcing Liu to flee to Eastern Tujue.  Meanwhile, Emperor Gaozu summoned Pei back to Chang'an and put him under arrest briefly, but soon released him and continued to honor him.  When Emperor Gaozu was away from Chang'an, he often had Pei in charge of the capital in his absence.  In 621, when Emperor Gaozu began minting new coins, he bestowed one mint press on Pei, allowing Pei to mint his own money, and he also took a daughter of Pei's to be the wife and princess of his son Li Yuanjing (李元景) the Prince of Zhao.  (Li Shimin and Li Yuanji, who were each granted three presses, were the only other individuals permitted to mint their own money.)  During the years, Pei offered several times to retire, and in 626, Emperor Gaozu granted him the honorific title of Sikong (司空) and allowed him to effectively retire, but further continued to set up rotations of junior officials from the executive bureau who would attend to Pei on a daily basis.

Paragraph 41: Just prior to the second drunk driving incident, Baltimore attempted to trade Ponson to the San Diego Padres for first baseman Phil Nevin at the 2005 trade deadline, but the deal fell through when Nevin invoked his no-trade clause. Nevin eventually was traded to Texas. On September 1, 2005, the Orioles released Ponson and voided his contract, saying that his infractions with the law went against a morals clause in Major League Baseball contracts. A week later, on September 8, the Major League Baseball Players Association filed a grievance on Ponson's behalf. The Orioles settled the grievance in 2009, with the Orioles reportedly agreeing to pay the remaining $10.1 million.

Paragraph 42: Paula last appears in "Pain Equals Funny". After performing the booking job for five years, she gets an offer to be the producer on a daytime program Caryl & Marilyn: Real Friends. On one hand, she is not thrilled about going to daytime, but on the other, it's the realization of her dream to one day produce. Also, as she tells Larry about her present job while informing him that she's leaving: "I can only derive a limited amount of personal satisfaction from booking the parrot lady". Larry wants to keep her and immediately offers her a promotion to produce The Larry Sanders Show. According to how Larry envisioned her promotion right there on the spot, she'd be working under the show's longtime executive producer Artie, which she ecstatically accepts. However, the arrangement quickly turns sour as Artie, already feeling disrespected and threatened by the whole proceeding, walks off the show following a disagreement with Paula over a production issue of lighting during which Larry takes her side. Faced with a sudden crisis, Larry lets her produce that day's show by herself, before summoning her to his office to inform her that the arrangement won't work and ask her to see if the daytime job is still open. On the same occasion, he lets her know how much he's always liked her, basically coming on to her, and also expressing hope that once all has settled down they can maybe go out. Angry and flattered at the same time, perplexed Paula says that she's never been fired this way. As she's packing her stuff the next day, Artie approaches Paula at her desk and after imparting some words of wisdom from his long experience being a producer says that there are still some tricks that he could teach her, meaning that he had a change of heart and is now fine with her working alongside him. However, the very next day after seeing her in the office, Larry is now unhappy to learn about the new turn because as he says to Artie: "I never would've told her I liked her if I'd known she was staying". This was the last time the character of Paula appeared on the show. In the canon of the show, it is unclear whether the character of Paula remained employed or was later dismissed. The supporting cast in general is featured less in the sixth season, so it is conceivable that, in the show's universe, the character of Paula is still employed during this time but is simply never shown.

Paragraph 43: Slovakia is a parliamentary republic. Legislative powers are vested in the National Assembly of the Slovak Republic (Slovak: Národná rada Slovenskej republiky, NRSR). The NRSR is of a unicameral body and consists of 150 members of the parliament directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a four-year term office. The prime minister, who serves as the head of government, is appointed by the president, but is accountable solely to the NRSR. The seats at National Assembly are elected by a proportional representation (PR) in a single, nationwide electoral constituency. Slovakia has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments. Before the elections, political parties (or coalitions of two or more parties) submit the lists of candidates. Voters may indicate preferences for up to four candidates in one list. The seats at National Council are distributed by Hagenbach-Bischoff method on a nationwide basis - however a threshold of 5% of the votes needs to be met in order for a party to participate in the distribution of National Council seats, whereas coalitions of two to three parties and four or more parties are required to obtain at least seven and ten percent of the vote, respectively.

Paragraph 44: Sally Carrighar (1898–1985) was born Dorothy Wagner before adopting her grandmother's name. An American naturalist and writer, she is known for her series of nature books chronicling the lives of wild animals. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, and partially disfigured at birth with nerve damage by the use of high forceps that also broke her mother's coccyx, she had a difficult childhood. During a time of convalescence for heart disease and depression, she "developed a remarkable communication with birds that came to feed at her windowsill and a mouse living in her radio, and in a flash she realized that she could write about birds and animals."

Paragraph 45: There is no information about the exact date of the establishment of the library of Asta- Quds - Razvi. Some consider the endowment date (974 AD) of the oldest Quran to the Holy Shrine of Imam Reza (AS) by a person called Ali Ibn Simjour, as the year of establishment date of the library of Asta- Quds - Razvi (or recitation place of Quran). It can also be assumed from some extant documents concerning the endowments that the library was open to the public and used by them in 1457 AD. From about 1737 AD, a special place was allocated to the library but a serious attention was paid to it in the early period of 20th century. However, an increasing inclination of using the library by the researches and scholars, prompted a faster development and growth to the library.

Paragraph 46: TVRM has a working locomotive and car repair shop complex, Soule Shops, named after co-founder, Robert M. Soule, Jr. In March 2011, TVRM completed restoring Southern Railway Ks-1 class 2-8-0 630 to operational status. In September 2014, TVRM completed the second restoration of Southern Railway Ms class 2-8-2 4501 for another excursion career with Norfolk Southern's 21st Century Steam Excursion Program. At present, 3 passenger cars are undergoing restoration. One is No. 1877, a former Chessie / Chesapeake and Ohio, later Denver & Rio Grande Western round end dome-lounge-observation, being restored from long static condition. Another is 1917 Pullman built office car No 98. The 98 was built for Baltimore & Ohio President Daniel Willard and after leaving B&O ownership in the 1960s came to TVRM in 1977, having been a fixture ever since, hence the need for a thorough restoration after decades of service. Next is Southern Railway 832, a 52-seat passenger coach built in 1949 by the Budd Company. Along with the 3 passenger cars, 1953 built EMD E8, Southern Railway 6914, is undergoing restoration as well. Other projects move in and out of the shop as needed as well as routine inspections on the museum's steam locomotives. 630's 10-year-long restoration was the most extensive restoration ever performed at TVRM, as well as one of the most extensive steam locomotive repairs in the United States since the end of steam on the railroads.

Paragraph 47: At the start of the series, Ito Miura meets the beautiful transfer student Makoto Amano, and the girls become instant friends. Their personalities are completely different—Makoto is calm, quiet, and beautifully feminine, while Ito speaks, dresses, and behaves like a boy—but they share the same dream: becoming an actor. As soon as Makoto gets on stage at the drama club, it is clear she has talent, enough so she is cast as Juliet in the upcoming production of Romeo and Juliet, opposite Ito as Romeo. However, Makoto has a rival for the role in Tsugumi Nomura, an upperclassman who is obsessed with the boyish Ito. Worse, Ito learns Makoto's secret: "she" is actually a "he". Makoto's strict father wants him to inherit the family dojo, and made a bet with his son—if Makoto shows he has the skill to pose as a female for his last two years of high school, he can become an actor as he wishes, but if anyone discovers his gender, he must stay home and accept the dojo. Ito agrees to keep Makoto's secret so that he could continue with his dream.

Paragraph 48: For many years Thomas maintained an intimate relationship with long-time friend, Mamie Gwinn. Thomas and Gwinn lived together at Bryn Mawr College in a small cottage that came to be known as "the Deanery".  "As late as the first decade of the twentieth century, she wrote of her relationship with Mamie in language analogous to marriage. But by the 1920s she faced a different world. The love between women that had once been broadly accepted was now being portrayed in fiction and on the stage as lesbian and deviant." When Gwinn left Thomas in 1904 to marry (a love triangle fictionalized in Gertrude Stein's Fernhurst) Alfred Hodder, a fellow Professor of English at Bryn Mawr College, Thomas pursued a relationship with Mary Elizabeth Garrett. Thomas shared her campus home, the Deanery, with Garrett and together they endeavored to grow Bryn Mawr's resources. Upon her death, Garrett, who had been prominent in suffrage work and a benefactor of Bryn Mawr, left to President Thomas "a sum which would, in 1994, be close to $15,000,000." to be disposed of as she saw fit. M. Carey Thomas had firm views on marriage, and in a letter to her mother she described it as a "Loss of freedom, poverty, and a personal subjection for which I see absolutely no compensation."

Paragraph 49: For many years Thomas maintained an intimate relationship with long-time friend, Mamie Gwinn. Thomas and Gwinn lived together at Bryn Mawr College in a small cottage that came to be known as "the Deanery".  "As late as the first decade of the twentieth century, she wrote of her relationship with Mamie in language analogous to marriage. But by the 1920s she faced a different world. The love between women that had once been broadly accepted was now being portrayed in fiction and on the stage as lesbian and deviant." When Gwinn left Thomas in 1904 to marry (a love triangle fictionalized in Gertrude Stein's Fernhurst) Alfred Hodder, a fellow Professor of English at Bryn Mawr College, Thomas pursued a relationship with Mary Elizabeth Garrett. Thomas shared her campus home, the Deanery, with Garrett and together they endeavored to grow Bryn Mawr's resources. Upon her death, Garrett, who had been prominent in suffrage work and a benefactor of Bryn Mawr, left to President Thomas "a sum which would, in 1994, be close to $15,000,000." to be disposed of as she saw fit. M. Carey Thomas had firm views on marriage, and in a letter to her mother she described it as a "Loss of freedom, poverty, and a personal subjection for which I see absolutely no compensation."