Paragraph 1: The rise of the  Mataqalikira clan of Lasakau began with Ratu Tubuanakoro alias Kolivisawaqa I, Tutekovuya and Tuisavura alias Gavidi. In 1832   Ratu Tubuanakoro, vasu to Gau and Cakobau’s half brother, was slain by rebels on Bau who were against his Father Tanoa's rule. Routledge's account of Tubuanakoro's demise was that he was  disposed of  by his half brother Tutekovuya. Tubuanakoro  through his mother and first wife of Tanoa, Adi Vereivalu was vasu levu to the Takala- i- Gau clan, of Sawaike. Ratu Tubuanakoro with his army of  Lasakau marauders, hence had great authority over Gau island and the Lomaiviti group of islands as a whole. As  Tanoa's trusted collector of tribute and wealth this may have led to his demise at the hands of rebels including his half brother Tutekovuya, the vasu-i- Tamavua Naitasiri. Ratu Nalila and his father Maibole of the Tunidaunibau  then later deposed  Tutekovuya in 1840.  Tutekovuya was the Lasakau leader and  co-conspirator with Ratu Seru Cakobau’s in 1837, where Bau was destroyed and Ratu Tanoa restored as the Vunivalu. Tutekovuya is a 'ravu' name  shortened for 'he that set fire to the  great Bauan temple of Dulukovuya', that was  bestowed on the Lasakau chief after Cakobau's successful  counter-coup. The support of the Roko Tui Dreketi to Lasakau was crucial in the success of  this coup in which Tanoa the vasu to Rewa  was re-installed though Cakobau was the power behind the throne. Later Ratu Gavidi then disposed of Nalila in revenge of Tute his half brother's death. Nalila from the Tunidau sub-clan was contending ascendency with Gavidi of the Mataqalikira clan  among the Lasakau people. The phrase Verevakabau became synonymous with Bauan politics and the ongoing struggle for power. Through the successful coup of 1837 the name Ca ko Bau (Destroyer of Bau) was conferred upon Ratu Seru and Ga(sau)vidi upon Tuisavura II. Many recorded contacts in the 1830s and 1840s such as with Commodore Charles Wilkes, Captain John Erskine and Reverend Calvert, place Lasakau chief Gavidi as Cakobau's leading enforcer. In 1849 Captain Erskine of H.B.M. ship Havannah wrote," The town or city of Bau  seems to consist of three divisions: viz; Soso, Bau, Lasakau; the latter meaning the fishermen, of whom Gavidi is chief, being next in importance  to Thakombau, and his great friend."

Paragraph 2: It is first mentioned in written records in 1185.  But there is no evidence of the date of its original foundation.  There is speculation that it might have been erected by Dunstan himself, or by priests who knew him well. Others suggest a foundation date of between AD 988 (death of St Dunston) and 1070.  Another speculation is that a church on this site was one of the Lundenwic strand settlement churches, like St Martin in the Fields, the first St Mary le Strand, St Clement Danes and St Bride's, which may pre-date any within the walls of the City of London.

Paragraph 3: Thaddeus Bodog Sivana, born in 1892, began with the best intentions and was one of Europe's best scientific minds, with progressive scientific ideas that could revolutionize industry but were rejected by everyone he approached. Laughed out of society by people who called his inventions impractical and his science a fake, Sivana took his family to the planet Venus in a spaceship he had invented. There he stayed until his children were grown, and Earth not so backward as when he left it. (Since his children were adults by 1940, his departure from Earth would implicitly have been the late 1910s or early 1920s.) During his years away, struggling to tame the Venusian jungle, Sivana turned bitter and planned his revenge against the world that had shunned him. He initially plotted his revenge with a radio silencer that would disable all radio communications permanently. He tried to extort $50 million, only to be stopped by Captain Marvel in his first adventure. Cap broke through the window of the building where Sivana was hiding and defeated the guards, binding them securely with tubing ripped from the radio-silencer. Sivana planned to kill Captain Marvel with a blast from his Atom-Smasher, but Cap leaped back out the window and escaped. During the fight, Sivana's returning army angrily asked why Captain Marvel had defeated them in their war against America despite their highly advanced weaponry. Sivana appeared to have been killed by the Atom-Smasher blast, but he returned a short time later, having somehow learned Captain Marvel's identity. He sent a letter to Billy Batson to lure him to the planet Venus, disguising himself as 'Professor Xerxes Smith'. Sivana's henchmen bound and gagged Batson, and Sivana tried to take away his memory using a Memory Mangler. Billy regained his memory after stumbling into the cave of Shazam and accidentally saying the word "Shazam". Sivana's henchmen rebelled against him and set off an explosion that destroyed the Mangler. Ironically, Captain Marvel saved Sivana and his daughter Beautia, who the henchmen had left to die. Sivana continued to nurse a megalomaniacal grudge against humanity and also a personal enmity with the Marvel Family. This persisted even after Cap revealed Sivana's former benevolent inventions (which Sivana considered useless), leading to his being awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics. Far from being pleased, Sivana was insulted by the prize and stated that only when he was crowned Ruler of the Universe would he consider himself properly honored.

Paragraph 4: More urban location filming was used than a typical episode of the show, with location manager Lynn Smith commenting that they were "all over the place". One of the first locations visited was the recurring home of Samantha Carter, a private residence on Grand Boulevard in North Vancouver. Smith noted that they had to "make sure that the neighbours had had enough of a break between projects" as the location had become popular with other productions. Boulevard Park opposite the house was also used. The FBI office of Special Agent Farrity (Paul Jarrett) was also shot at the residence on Grand Boulevard. Shots Amanda Tapping's Sam Carter in the doorway of her house and the subsequent reactions of David DeLuise's Pete in the scene where Pete arrives to take Sam to the dance were shot two weeks apart. DeLuise's reaction shots were also filmed at an entirely different location, with DeLuise instead reacting to Anne Marie Loder due to Tapping not being available. Production then moved to a private residence on Edinburgh Street in North Burnaby for two days, with the location being used as the home of Dr. Daniel Jackson. The road outside the residence was also shut down to film the shootout between SG-1, Pete and Osiris, followed by blowing up a van. The surveillance van interior was built in the Stargate embarkation room at The Bridge Studios. Elsewhere on the standing sets at Bridge Studios, the multipurpose room was dressed as a canteen for a number of scenes, before being redressed as a gym. Amanda Tapping had originally intended for her character Samantha Carter to hum the theme tune of Richard Dean Anderson's former series MacGyver whilst sharing a lift with Anderson's Jack O'Neill. Tapping couldn't remember MacGyver in time, so instead opted to brake the fourth wall by humming the Stargate SG-1 theme.

Paragraph 5: The Dodgers began the 2016 season at Petco Park against the San Diego Padres on April 4. Clayton Kershaw made his sixth straight opening day start for the Dodgers and allowed only one hit in seven innings with nine strikeouts. The offense erupted as well, as the Dodgers started the season with a 15–0 rout. It was the best ever margin of victory in franchise history and also the first time they had won six straight opening day games. The 15 runs was one short of the franchise opening day record of 16 set against the Houston Astros in 1983. Scott Kazmir made his Dodgers debut the following night, pitching six scoreless innings while also allowing only one hit, as the Dodgers, with a 3–0 victory, got back-to-back-shutouts to open a season for the first time since 1974. The Dodgers finished the series out with a 7–0 win the next day, joining the 1963 Cardinals as the only MLB teams to open the season with three straight shutouts. Kenta Maeda made his major league debut with six scoreless innings and also hit a home run in his second at bat, the first Dodger pitcher to homer in his debut since Dan Bankhead in 1947. The Dodgers also set a new team record with 27 scoreless innings to start the season, surpassing the 23 innings mark set by the 1974 team. The Dodgers traveled to AT&T Park for the next series against the San Francisco Giants. Behind Alex Wood they fell one inning short of the Cardinals season opening shutout streak of 32 when the Giants scored three in the fifth. The Dodger bullpen then allowed a bunch of runs, including a grand slam by Hunter Pence to pull away and the Giants won 12–6. Ross Stripling made his major league debut in the second game of the series. He pitched a no-hitter for  innings but was taken out of the game with a two-run lead after walking a batter and reaching his 100th pitch. The relief pitcher, Chris Hatcher, gave up a two-run homer to the very next batter, Trevor Brown, to tie the game. Brandon Crawford hit a walk-off homer in the 10th as the Giants won 3–2. Kershaw pitched eight innings for the Dodgers in the following game, but allowed two solo homer and got a no-decision. The Dodgers came back to win the game on an RBI double by Charlie Culberson in the 10th inning, 3–2. In the final game of the road trip, the Dodgers scored five runs in the top of the first but saw the lead quickly disappear as Scott Kazmir allowed three homers and six total runs in only four innings. He was the first Dodgers pitcher to allow three homers to the Giants at San Francisco since Ismael Valdez in 1997.  A two-run double by Joe Panik off reliever J. P. Howell in the sixth put the Giants up and they won 9–6.

Paragraph 6: The Ipswich Railway Chord (or 'Bacon Factory Chord' in early documentation), officially the Bacon Factory Curve is a short  section of track constructed to link the East Suffolk Line and the Great Eastern Main Line just north of Ipswich Goods Yard. This chord, which was opened to traffic in March 2014, allows freight trains from the Port of Felixstowe to access the West Coast Main Line using the Ipswich to Ely Line and a cross-country route via Nuneaton, rather than via the Great Eastern Main Line and the North London Line. The chord was built on the site of an old Bacon Factory, hence its original name. It has been reported that the finished scheme should "take 750,000 lorries off the roads". Preliminary work for the chord started in August 2012, and the Secretary of State for Transport granted full development consent on 5 September 2012, coming into effect on 26 September 2012. Two new junctions were created by the scheme—Boss Hall Junction at the eastern end of the chord with the East Suffolk Line and Europa Junction with the Great Eastern Main Line located close to the site of the Sproughton sugar beet sidings. The chord opened to regular traffic on 31 March 2014 although the first revenue earning train headed by Class 66 locomotive 66733 on a Felixstowe–Doncaster container train ran on 24 March. The first, and so far only passenger train to have used the chord was on 11 November 2017, when Flying Scotsman used the chord to turn around her Norwich to Ipswich "Cathedrals Express" Railtour.

Paragraph 7: The rule is contained in the Bull "Solet annuere", and begins with these characteristic words: "The rule and life of the Minor Brothers is this, namely, to observe the holy Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ by living in obedience, without property and in chastity." St. Francis promises obedience to Pope Honorius and his successors, the other brothers are to obey Brother Francis and his successors (c. i). Having thus laid the solid foundation of unity upon the Church, St. Francis gives particulars concerning reception, profession, and vestments of the brothers. They are forbidden to wear shoes, if not compelled through necessity (c. ii). Chapter the third prescribes for the clerics "the Divine Office according to the order of the holy Roman Church, with the exception of the Psalter; wherefore (or, as soon as) they may have breviaries." The laybrothers have to say Paternosters, disposed according to the canonical hours. The brothers are to "fast from the feast of All Saints until the Nativity of the Lord," during Lent, and every Friday. The forty days' fast (obligatory in the rule of 1221), which begins Epiphany, is left free to the good will of the brothers. Beautiful exhortations follow on the behaviour of the brothers when they go through the world. They are forbidden to ride on horseback, unless compelled by manifest necessity or infirmity (c. iii). The next chapter "strictly enjoins on all the brothers that in no wise they receive coins or money, either themselves or through an interposed person." However, the ministers and custodes have to take the greatest care of their subjects through spiritual friends, according to places and times and other circumstances, saving always that, as has been said, they shall not "receive coins or money" (c. iv). To banish idleness and to provide for their support, St. Francis insists on the duty of working for "those brothers to whom the Lord has given the grace of working." But they must work in such a way that "they do not extinguish the spirit of prayer and devotion, to which all temporal things must be subservient." As a reward of their labour they may receive things needed, with the exception of coins or money (c. v). Of the highest importance is chapter vi. It contains the prescriptions of the most ideal poverty: "The brothers shall appropriate nothing to themselves, neither a house nor place nor anything. And as pilgrims and strangers in this world...let them go confidently in quest of alms." "This, my dearest brothers, is the height of the most sublime poverty, which has made you heirs and kings of the kingdom of heaven: poor in goods, but exalted in virtue...." Then follows an appeal for fraternal love and mutual confidence, "for if a mother nourishes and loves her carnal son, how much more earnestly ought one to love and nourish his spiritual brother!" (c. vi). The following chapter treats of penance to be inflicted on brothers who have sinned. In some cases they must recur to their ministers, who "should beware lest they be angry or troubled on account of the sins of others, because anger and trouble impede charity in themselves and in others" (c. vii).

Paragraph 8: Vassallo signed with University of Richmond twice and was denied admission both times despite meeting the requirements. The university surrendered his rights and Virginia Tech signed him, which compensated for Tony Dobbins' departure for Richmond years before. Vassallo debuted for the Hokies in the 2005–06 season, playing in all of the team's games. Despite mostly serving as a bench player, he played at least 20 minutes in games against Mount St. Mary's and Marshall, scoring 18 collective points, 5 rebounds, 2 assists and one blocked shot. His first NCAA start was against Radford, recording 7 points, 3 rebounds and 3 assists. In a game against Western Carolina, Vassallo scored his first 3-point field goal. Vassallo scored season best in three-point baskets and rebounds against Morgan State. He started in a game at Bowling Green, but played less than ten minutes. Vassallo recorded his first double-double against Wake Forest, scoring 29 points and recovering 10 rebounds. He set season bests in six categories, shooting 11 out of 19 2-point field goals, 4-of-5 3-point field goals, 3-of-3 free throws and earning four steals. The 29 points were the highest number scored by a Virginia Tech freshman in 27 years. Vassallo set a season-high 7 assists against Virginia. He was included in the starting lineup in 8 out of the last 11 season games. At the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Tournament he scored 6 points and recovered 3 rebounds against Virginia. In his first season, Vassallo led the Hokies in free throw percentage, he was also an Honorable Mention ACC All-Freshman and two-time ACC Rookie of the Week. He continued serving as the Hokies backup small forward in the 2006–07 season.  Vassallo scored 15 points in Virginia Tech's first home game. In 22 minutes against West Florida he scored 26 points, recovered 6 rebounds and recorded a block. He set a career-high in free throws against Southern Illinois. Serving as a starter against Richmond, Vassallo recorded 11 points and 6 rebounds. While serving as a backup he scored in double digits against UNC Greensboro, North Carolina and Miami. He recorded a double-double in his next start with 19 points and 10 rebounds. Serving as starter against Virginia, Vassallo scored 22 points and recovered 8 rebounds. He continued serving this role more frequently for the remainder of the season, starting against  Miami, Virginia and Wake Forest in the ACC tournament. Virginia Tech was included in the NCAA Tournament. Vassallo started two games before the team was eliminated, recording 11 points, 12 rebounds and 3 assists.

Paragraph 9: Leon Festinger is widely considered as the father of modern social psychology and as an important figure to that field of practice as Freud was to clinical psychology and Piaget was to developmental psychology. He was considered to be one of the most significant social psychologists of the 20th century. His work demonstrated that it is possible to use the scientific method to investigate complex and significant social phenomena without reducing them to the mechanistic connections between stimulus and response that were the basis of behaviorism. Festinger proposed the groundbreaking theory of cognitive dissonance that has become the foundation of  selective exposure theory today despite the fact that Festinger was considered as an "avant-garde" psychologist when he had first proposed it in 1957. In an ironic twist, Festinger realized that he himself was a victim of the effects of selective exposure.  He was a heavy smoker his entire life and when he was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 1989, he was said to have joked, "Make sure that everyone knows that it wasn't lung cancer!" Cognitive dissonance theory explains that when a person either consciously or unconsciously realizes conflicting attitudes, thoughts, or beliefs, they experience mental discomfort. Because of this, an individual will avoid such conflicting information in the future since it produces this discomfort, and they will gravitate towards messages sympathetic to their own previously held conceptions. Decision makers are unable to evaluate information quality independently on their own (Fischer, Jonas, Dieter & Kastenmüller, 2008). When there is a conflict between pre-existing views and information encountered, individuals will experience an unpleasant and self-threatening state of aversive-arousal which will motivate them to reduce it through selective exposure. They will begin to prefer information that supports their original decision and neglect conflicting information. Individuals will then exhibit confirmatory information to defend their positions and reach the goal of dissonance reduction. Cognitive dissonance theory insists that dissonance is a psychological state of tension that people are motivated to reduce . Dissonance causes feelings of unhappiness, discomfort, or distress.  asserted the following: "These two elements are in a dissonant relation if, considering these two alone, the obverse of one element would follow from the other." To reduce dissonance, people add consonant cognition or change evaluations for one or both conditions in order to make them more consistent mentally. Such experience of psychological discomfort was found to drive individuals to avoid counterattitudinal information as a dissonance-reduction strategy.

Paragraph 10: The Army clarified that it was not cancelling the IC competition, but that it was in a position to conclude it.  Industry participants said the competition was plagued by miscommunication from the Army.  Gabriele de Plano, vice president of military marketing and sales for Beretta, said he knew nothing of what the Army was planning just weeks before cancellation.  Other companies expressed concern that they had learned the program may be cancelled through media reports rather than being informed directly.  Army officials said they were surprised that none of the rifles submitted passed muster and maintained that there was transparency throughout the three-year competition.  Brigadier General Paul A. Ostrowski, head of PEO Soldier, said the Army simply did not find the capability it was after with the rifles submitted.  None of the weapons met minimum requirements.  The competition was a binary pass-or-fail venue, rather than a test-fix-test venue to improve the weapons following test results.  Mark Westrom, owner of ArmaLite which designed the original M16 rifle, said the competition was "destined to fail" because the requirements did not represent a significant advance in fighting ability.  The Army admitted each entrant offered marginal improvements over the M4 Carbine, but that none would substantially increase a soldier's battlefield capability.  Westrom said the carbines offered incremental improvements, not any that offered a tactically superior advance to justify replacing the entire inventory.  There were also complaints about the ammunition used in testing.  The competition began while the M855 round was in use.  In June 2010, the M855A1 Enhanced Performance Round was fielded, and the competition began using the EPR in August.  Army analysis found that the M855A1 may have contributed to lower than expected reliability performance.  Even so, the Army insists they made industry aware of the ammo change, giving them time to adjust their designs and arranging for each vendor to fire 10,000 M855A1s at a private range.  Westrom said ammunition and caliber conflicts had little to do with it, as neither those factors nor the rifle designs would fundamentally change the battlefield capabilities of a soldier or small unit, while previous weapon transitions advanced combat shooting doctrines and shooting tactics.  ArmaLite did not participate in the competition because Westrom determined their designs weren't a revolutionary improvement over the M4 weapon system, and because the published Army requirements "set the bar so low" that the outcome that no one would win a contract was "predetermined."

Paragraph 11: As part of the "All-New, All-Different Marvel" event, it's revealed that the reality where Battleworld was fashioned was identified as Earth-15513 and became a distorted portion of time and space after the destruction of the planet, however due to Battleworld's reality having been the epicenter of this Multiversal renewal, it became rich in a substance known as Iso-8, a material identified as the byproduct of creation itself. When the Elders of the Universe of the restored Earth-616 realized that the Multiverse had endured a death and a rebirth, the Collector and Grandmaster discovered the remnants of Battleworld and resolved to fight for the possession of the Iso-8 and used the broken shell as the arena (known as Battlerealm) for their Contest of Champions, a competition where several individuals, taken from Battleworld and the reborn Multiverse, fought to the death on behalf of each Elder. The highest prize was the Iso-Sphere which contained within the Power Primordial, the concentrated and most powerful form of the Iso-8. After assuming control of the Power Primordial that the Grandmaster and Collector were competing for, the Battleworld version of Maestro recreates Battleworld to its previous form as he had previously vowed that he would become the God-King of Battleworld. In order to combat the remaining players, Maestro summoned the remnants of the Avengers and Thunderbolts from an alternate reality where Iron Man became President of the United States after winning the superhuman civil war as well as summoning Sentry of Earth-1611 in order to deal with the remaining Contest of Champions competitors. When the Iso-Sphere was stolen from Maestro by Outlaw, he used its power to banish Maestro away from Battleworld and teleport the contestants to wherever they wanted to be. As a consequence of Outlaw wishing that the Contest of Champions to end, the Iso-Sphere shattered. A group of the contestants decided to remain in Battleworld forming the Civil Warriors in order to guard the Iso-8 and the shards of the Iso-Sphere so they wouldn't fall into the wrong hands.

Paragraph 12: In Australia, Wardell designed many public buildings. Most notable were St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne; Government House, Melbourne; St John's College, University of Sydney and St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. He worked in both the Gothic and classical styles. Wardell not only constructed major works in the public sector, he also maintained a large private practice building houses and business premises for private individuals. He was Inspector-General of Public Works and Building, for the Colony of Victoria, from 1861 until 1878. As an architect he is often compared with his friend and English counterpart Augustus Pugin, with the vast majority of his buildings completed in the Gothic Revival architectural style.

Paragraph 13: In December 1906 BHP and the unions entered into a two-year agreement that increased wages at the mine with the lowest paid workers receiving a 15% increase from 7s 6d, per 8-hour shift to 8s 7½d, In August 1908 the Chairman of BHP stated that wages needed to be cut at its Broken Hill mine because low metals prices, particularly lead, were making the mine uneconomic. On 7 December 1908 BHP posted notices at Broken Hill and Port Pirie stating that "The bonus granted for two years dating from 1st January, 1907, will cease on 1st January, 1909, and that the present rate of wages, less the bonus, will remain in force" The bonus referred to was the agreed increase from 1906 and that what BHP intended to do was drop wages to the 1906 rates. The unions sought the assistance of the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration, seeking that the agreement reached with the other mining companies at Broken Hill should govern BHP and its employees. BHP wouldn't pay the 1908 rates and the employees wouldn't accept the 1906 rates with the result that all of BHPs operations at Broken Hill and Port Pirie shut down, with around 4,000 employees out of work. BHP offered to pay the employees the 1906 rates and put the difference into a trust fund that would depend on the decision of the Arbitration Court. The unions and employees set up pickets outside the operations to prevent them being operated by 'scabs'. The pickets were marred by violence, on Monday 4 January the Silverton Tramway was damaged by dynamite and stones were thrown at police. On Saturday 9 January 1909 the violence escalated with bloody clashes involving thousands of protesters and police, resulting charges of riot, rout and unlawful assembly. Five of those charged were tried in Albury with the balance dealt with by the local court.  Walter Stokes, John May, Sid Robinson & E.H. Gray being convicted, while Tom Mann was subsequently acquitted. Harry Holland, Secretary of the Socialist Federation of Australia, was also tried in Albury on charges of sedition and inciting to violence over a speech he gave on 14 February in which he was alleged to have said "If you are going to fight, put a little ginger into it, or to be plain-spoken—dynamite. That's the way to win." He was convicted and sentenced to two years in goal, although he was released after serving five to six months.

Paragraph 14: Yingkou () is a coastal prefecture-level city of central southern Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, on the northeastern shore of Liaodong Bay. It is the third-smallest city in Liaoning with a total area of , and the ninth most populous with a population of 2,328,582 as of the 2020 census, of whom 1,228,198 lived in the built-up (or metro) area made of three urban districts (Zhanqian, Xishi and Laobian) and one county-level city (Dashiqiao). It borders the sub-provincial city of Dalian to the south, the prefectural cities of Anshan to the north and east and Panjin to the northwest, and also shares maritime boundaries with Jinzhou and Huludao across the Liaodong Bay to its west.

Paragraph 15: The first storm of the season formed early on July 22 about  east of the island of Barbados and gradually strengthened into a hurricane a day later. At 00:00 UTC on July 24, the hurricane made landfall at Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico, with winds of . Weakening as it crossed Puerto Rico, the cyclone quickly regained strength on July 25 as it moved through the Bahamas; rapidly reaching maximum sustained winds of , it attained the equivalence of Category 4 intensity—one of only four Atlantic hurricanes to have done so in or before the month of July. After peaking at  with an estimated central pressure of . With such high pressure, it was the least intense Category 4 Atlantic hurricane on record. Based on ship observations, the cyclone struck the island of New Providence, the seat of the Bahamian capital Nassau, on the morning of July 26, with sustained winds of . Weakening thereafter, the storm moved northwestward, paralleling the east coast of Florida, but came ashore near New Smyrna Beach early on July 28 with winds of . Thereafter, the cyclone quickly diminished in intensity, becoming a tropical depression on July 29, as it curved west-northwestward over Georgia; three days later, it became an extratropical cyclone and dissipated over Ontario, Canada, on August 2.

Paragraph 16: Kagamiō was the first wrestler from Kagamiyama stable to make the top division since his coach took control of it seventeen years previously. At the time he was also the second longest to reach makuuchi among foreign born wrestlers, at 62 tournament from his professional debut. In an interview about his promotion, talking about his lengthy rise, he happily joked, "for me it felt quite quick, I thought it was going to take me 15 years." During the interview he also announced his engagement to his Mongolian girlfriend. However, his makuuchi performance was lackluster. In one of his relegation trips back to jūryō in May 2015, he was involved in yet another championship playoff round. In it, he won a preliminary playoff bout against Mongolian Seirō only to lose the following final playoff bout to another Mongolian, the up and comer and future sekiwake Ichinojō, who he had previously defeated on the 9th day of the tournament. Despite his championship playoff loss, his regular tournament record of 11–4 at the rank of jūryō 1 was still enough for him to achieve makuuchi re-promotion for the July 2014 tournament, though two consecutive losing tournaments would put him right back in jūryō In this, his third relegation to jūryō, in March 2015, he only managed a 4–11 at jūryō 1. However, in the following May tournament, at jūryō 9 he posted an impressive 12–3 record, beating Hidenoumi on the last day to avoid a playoff, and finally taking the championship on his third chance. His record and championship earned him his fourth promotion to the top division for the July tournament in Nagoya. There he finally achieved a majority of wins or kachi-koshi in the top division, but he only managed four wins in the following tournament in September 2015 and was demoted back to jūryō for the fourth time. In May 2016 he was injured in a match with Tenkaihō and had to withdraw from the tournament, falling to makushita as a result. In September 2017 he won the makushita division championship with a perfect 7–0 record. Following more injury problems he fell to the sandanme division in July 2018, but he won the championship there with an undefeated 7–0 score. In October it was announced that he was changing his shikona given name from Nanji to Hideoki. Continuing injury problems saw him pull out of five successive tournaments between July 2020 and March 2021 and fall from makushita to the jonidan division. He transferred to the Isenoumi stable following Kagamiyama stable's closure after the July 2021 tournament, but his continued absence from competition meant he fell off the banzuke completely in September 2021.

Paragraph 17:  Baron Draxum (voiced by John Cena in season one, Roger Craig Smith in season two) – A maroon-skinned Yōkai warrior and alchemist from the Hidden City with maroon hair and faun-like legs, who has the power to augment his own body by crushing purple pods in his hands, and can manipulate giant purple tentacle-like vines to grab objects, enemies, or as a means of transportation. As the self-proclaimed protector of all Yōkai, Baron Draxum seeks to mutate humanity to avert a prophecy predicting the destruction of the Yōkai. An incident amidst an earlier attempt to turn humanity into Yōkai led to the creation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles while causing Hamato Yoshi's transition into Splinter, attempting to win the former to his side before joining forces with the Foot Clan to reassemble the Kuroi Yōroi and revive Shredder. In "How to Make Enemies and Bend People to Your Will", Draxum exploits a loophole in the Foot's rules to becomes its leader through tactics that enable him to gain a shard of the Kuroi Yōroi that the Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute failed to acquire. In the episode "End Game", Draxum equips the restored Kuroi Yōroi armor intending to destroy humanity once and for all. The Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute address him as Shredder, but he rejects the title, confused with the name "Shredder". Due to a Jupiter Jim action figure being wedged in a hole in the back of the helmet, the Turtles managed to attack that part and cause the armor to fall off of Draxum, though the armor is revived after siphoning some of Draxum's life force, degrading his body to nearly a corpse and weakening his powers considerably. After the Foot Recruit emerged from the portal she opened to assist her senseis, Draxum used his weakened abilities to escape through it. In "Repairin' the Baron", Mikey takes in a weakened Draxum and teaches him to tolerate humans with Raph's help. After saving a mother and daughter from the Ferris wheel during Garm and Freki's attempt to capture him at Albeartoland while losing his mask in the process, and slowly starting to regain his lost power, he starts to tolerate humans, after which Raph and Mikey get him a job working at the cafeteria at April's school. In the four-part "Finale" episodes, Draxum realized that Shredder was the threat to the Yōkai mentioned in the prophecy, not humanity.

Paragraph 18: The rule is contained in the Bull "Solet annuere", and begins with these characteristic words: "The rule and life of the Minor Brothers is this, namely, to observe the holy Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ by living in obedience, without property and in chastity." St. Francis promises obedience to Pope Honorius and his successors, the other brothers are to obey Brother Francis and his successors (c. i). Having thus laid the solid foundation of unity upon the Church, St. Francis gives particulars concerning reception, profession, and vestments of the brothers. They are forbidden to wear shoes, if not compelled through necessity (c. ii). Chapter the third prescribes for the clerics "the Divine Office according to the order of the holy Roman Church, with the exception of the Psalter; wherefore (or, as soon as) they may have breviaries." The laybrothers have to say Paternosters, disposed according to the canonical hours. The brothers are to "fast from the feast of All Saints until the Nativity of the Lord," during Lent, and every Friday. The forty days' fast (obligatory in the rule of 1221), which begins Epiphany, is left free to the good will of the brothers. Beautiful exhortations follow on the behaviour of the brothers when they go through the world. They are forbidden to ride on horseback, unless compelled by manifest necessity or infirmity (c. iii). The next chapter "strictly enjoins on all the brothers that in no wise they receive coins or money, either themselves or through an interposed person." However, the ministers and custodes have to take the greatest care of their subjects through spiritual friends, according to places and times and other circumstances, saving always that, as has been said, they shall not "receive coins or money" (c. iv). To banish idleness and to provide for their support, St. Francis insists on the duty of working for "those brothers to whom the Lord has given the grace of working." But they must work in such a way that "they do not extinguish the spirit of prayer and devotion, to which all temporal things must be subservient." As a reward of their labour they may receive things needed, with the exception of coins or money (c. v). Of the highest importance is chapter vi. It contains the prescriptions of the most ideal poverty: "The brothers shall appropriate nothing to themselves, neither a house nor place nor anything. And as pilgrims and strangers in this world...let them go confidently in quest of alms." "This, my dearest brothers, is the height of the most sublime poverty, which has made you heirs and kings of the kingdom of heaven: poor in goods, but exalted in virtue...." Then follows an appeal for fraternal love and mutual confidence, "for if a mother nourishes and loves her carnal son, how much more earnestly ought one to love and nourish his spiritual brother!" (c. vi). The following chapter treats of penance to be inflicted on brothers who have sinned. In some cases they must recur to their ministers, who "should beware lest they be angry or troubled on account of the sins of others, because anger and trouble impede charity in themselves and in others" (c. vii).

Paragraph 19:  Baron Draxum (voiced by John Cena in season one, Roger Craig Smith in season two) – A maroon-skinned Yōkai warrior and alchemist from the Hidden City with maroon hair and faun-like legs, who has the power to augment his own body by crushing purple pods in his hands, and can manipulate giant purple tentacle-like vines to grab objects, enemies, or as a means of transportation. As the self-proclaimed protector of all Yōkai, Baron Draxum seeks to mutate humanity to avert a prophecy predicting the destruction of the Yōkai. An incident amidst an earlier attempt to turn humanity into Yōkai led to the creation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles while causing Hamato Yoshi's transition into Splinter, attempting to win the former to his side before joining forces with the Foot Clan to reassemble the Kuroi Yōroi and revive Shredder. In "How to Make Enemies and Bend People to Your Will", Draxum exploits a loophole in the Foot's rules to becomes its leader through tactics that enable him to gain a shard of the Kuroi Yōroi that the Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute failed to acquire. In the episode "End Game", Draxum equips the restored Kuroi Yōroi armor intending to destroy humanity once and for all. The Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute address him as Shredder, but he rejects the title, confused with the name "Shredder". Due to a Jupiter Jim action figure being wedged in a hole in the back of the helmet, the Turtles managed to attack that part and cause the armor to fall off of Draxum, though the armor is revived after siphoning some of Draxum's life force, degrading his body to nearly a corpse and weakening his powers considerably. After the Foot Recruit emerged from the portal she opened to assist her senseis, Draxum used his weakened abilities to escape through it. In "Repairin' the Baron", Mikey takes in a weakened Draxum and teaches him to tolerate humans with Raph's help. After saving a mother and daughter from the Ferris wheel during Garm and Freki's attempt to capture him at Albeartoland while losing his mask in the process, and slowly starting to regain his lost power, he starts to tolerate humans, after which Raph and Mikey get him a job working at the cafeteria at April's school. In the four-part "Finale" episodes, Draxum realized that Shredder was the threat to the Yōkai mentioned in the prophecy, not humanity.

Paragraph 20: The song that would become "Millennium" started being written in 1997. Robbie Williams and producer Guy Chambers got along at Blah Street Studios in Hampshire, where Williams expressed the idea to do something based on James Bond. From that start, Chambers decided that he would sample "You Only Live Twice" by Nancy Sinatra, which featuring what he considered an "iconic intro" that "grabs you straight away", and that Williams wanted the addition of a hip-hop beat, which was achieved by speeding up the sample. Chambers then created a simple bassline for the verses. When Williams' lyrics were mostly done, Chambers felt it lacked "an obvious title for the track", and suggested "Millennium" for being "both strong and topical", because as Chambers said in a retrospective review, "There was a lot of talk about the millennium back then, it’s a bit like the 'Brexit' word now".  Then Chambers asked for a "football chant", which only had a melody before Williams came up with "come and have a go if you think you're hard enough'." The whole writing process took about four hours, and Chambers described "Millennium" as "the simplest song Robbie and I have ever written - only two chords. And it's written in D flat major, which is very unusual in pop music."

Paragraph 21: Kagamiō was the first wrestler from Kagamiyama stable to make the top division since his coach took control of it seventeen years previously. At the time he was also the second longest to reach makuuchi among foreign born wrestlers, at 62 tournament from his professional debut. In an interview about his promotion, talking about his lengthy rise, he happily joked, "for me it felt quite quick, I thought it was going to take me 15 years." During the interview he also announced his engagement to his Mongolian girlfriend. However, his makuuchi performance was lackluster. In one of his relegation trips back to jūryō in May 2015, he was involved in yet another championship playoff round. In it, he won a preliminary playoff bout against Mongolian Seirō only to lose the following final playoff bout to another Mongolian, the up and comer and future sekiwake Ichinojō, who he had previously defeated on the 9th day of the tournament. Despite his championship playoff loss, his regular tournament record of 11–4 at the rank of jūryō 1 was still enough for him to achieve makuuchi re-promotion for the July 2014 tournament, though two consecutive losing tournaments would put him right back in jūryō In this, his third relegation to jūryō, in March 2015, he only managed a 4–11 at jūryō 1. However, in the following May tournament, at jūryō 9 he posted an impressive 12–3 record, beating Hidenoumi on the last day to avoid a playoff, and finally taking the championship on his third chance. His record and championship earned him his fourth promotion to the top division for the July tournament in Nagoya. There he finally achieved a majority of wins or kachi-koshi in the top division, but he only managed four wins in the following tournament in September 2015 and was demoted back to jūryō for the fourth time. In May 2016 he was injured in a match with Tenkaihō and had to withdraw from the tournament, falling to makushita as a result. In September 2017 he won the makushita division championship with a perfect 7–0 record. Following more injury problems he fell to the sandanme division in July 2018, but he won the championship there with an undefeated 7–0 score. In October it was announced that he was changing his shikona given name from Nanji to Hideoki. Continuing injury problems saw him pull out of five successive tournaments between July 2020 and March 2021 and fall from makushita to the jonidan division. He transferred to the Isenoumi stable following Kagamiyama stable's closure after the July 2021 tournament, but his continued absence from competition meant he fell off the banzuke completely in September 2021.

Paragraph 22: The first storm of the season formed early on July 22 about  east of the island of Barbados and gradually strengthened into a hurricane a day later. At 00:00 UTC on July 24, the hurricane made landfall at Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico, with winds of . Weakening as it crossed Puerto Rico, the cyclone quickly regained strength on July 25 as it moved through the Bahamas; rapidly reaching maximum sustained winds of , it attained the equivalence of Category 4 intensity—one of only four Atlantic hurricanes to have done so in or before the month of July. After peaking at  with an estimated central pressure of . With such high pressure, it was the least intense Category 4 Atlantic hurricane on record. Based on ship observations, the cyclone struck the island of New Providence, the seat of the Bahamian capital Nassau, on the morning of July 26, with sustained winds of . Weakening thereafter, the storm moved northwestward, paralleling the east coast of Florida, but came ashore near New Smyrna Beach early on July 28 with winds of . Thereafter, the cyclone quickly diminished in intensity, becoming a tropical depression on July 29, as it curved west-northwestward over Georgia; three days later, it became an extratropical cyclone and dissipated over Ontario, Canada, on August 2.

Paragraph 23: Scholars generally attribute the origins of riad gardens in the western Islamic world to its antecedents in the eastern Persian world. The ancient Roman city of Volubilis also provided reference for the beginnings of domestic architecture during the Idrisid Dynasty in Morocco. Important examples of riads, or riad-like gardens, in al-Andalus are found at Madinat al-Zahra (10th century), the Aljaferia (11th century), the Castillejo of Monteagudo (near Murcia, 12th century) and the Alhambra (13th-15th centuries). However, it is unclear to what extent Moroccan riads and houses were inspired by models imported by immigrants from al-Andalus or to what extent they developed locally in parallel with Andalusi versions. What is certain, however, is that there was historically a close cultural and geopolitical relationship between the two lands on either side of the Strait of Gibraltar. When the Almoravids (who were based in Morocco) conquered al-Andalus in the 11th century they commissioned Muslim, Christian and Jewish artisans from al-Andalus to work on monuments in Morocco and throughout their empire, further contributing to a shared architectural and artistic heritage between al-Andalus and North Africa. The earliest known example of a true riad garden (with a symmetrical four-part division) in Morocco was found in the Almoravid palace built by Ali ibn Yusuf in Marrakesh in the early 12th century, which was part of the older Ksar al-Hajjar fortress. The era of the Almoravids and their successor dynasties (such as the Almohads, the Marinids, and the Nasrids) was a formative period of Moroccan architecture and of wider Moorish architecture during which the model of the riad garden was perfected and established as a standard feature of interior secular or palace architecture in the region. It was particularly successful and common in Marrakesh, where the combination of climate and available space made it well-suited to the architecture of the bourgeois mansions and royal palaces built in the city.

Paragraph 24: In December 1906 BHP and the unions entered into a two-year agreement that increased wages at the mine with the lowest paid workers receiving a 15% increase from 7s 6d, per 8-hour shift to 8s 7½d, In August 1908 the Chairman of BHP stated that wages needed to be cut at its Broken Hill mine because low metals prices, particularly lead, were making the mine uneconomic. On 7 December 1908 BHP posted notices at Broken Hill and Port Pirie stating that "The bonus granted for two years dating from 1st January, 1907, will cease on 1st January, 1909, and that the present rate of wages, less the bonus, will remain in force" The bonus referred to was the agreed increase from 1906 and that what BHP intended to do was drop wages to the 1906 rates. The unions sought the assistance of the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration, seeking that the agreement reached with the other mining companies at Broken Hill should govern BHP and its employees. BHP wouldn't pay the 1908 rates and the employees wouldn't accept the 1906 rates with the result that all of BHPs operations at Broken Hill and Port Pirie shut down, with around 4,000 employees out of work. BHP offered to pay the employees the 1906 rates and put the difference into a trust fund that would depend on the decision of the Arbitration Court. The unions and employees set up pickets outside the operations to prevent them being operated by 'scabs'. The pickets were marred by violence, on Monday 4 January the Silverton Tramway was damaged by dynamite and stones were thrown at police. On Saturday 9 January 1909 the violence escalated with bloody clashes involving thousands of protesters and police, resulting charges of riot, rout and unlawful assembly. Five of those charged were tried in Albury with the balance dealt with by the local court.  Walter Stokes, John May, Sid Robinson & E.H. Gray being convicted, while Tom Mann was subsequently acquitted. Harry Holland, Secretary of the Socialist Federation of Australia, was also tried in Albury on charges of sedition and inciting to violence over a speech he gave on 14 February in which he was alleged to have said "If you are going to fight, put a little ginger into it, or to be plain-spoken—dynamite. That's the way to win." He was convicted and sentenced to two years in goal, although he was released after serving five to six months.

Paragraph 25: On arriving in Albany, Western Australia in September 1892, Carnegie and Douglas learned of Arthur Bayley's discovery of gold at Coolgardie, and immediately decided to leave the ship and join the gold rush. Together, they prospected around Coolgardie for a number of months, with little success. Eventually, Douglas left the field to raise finances in order for them to continue prospecting. Carnegie continued prospecting, joining the rush to Kalgoorlie after Paddy Hannan's discovery of gold there. He had little success, and by the middle of 1893 he was destitute. Unable to make a living as a prospector, he took a job at the Bayley's Reward mine in Coolgardie.

Paragraph 26: “Baba [Swami Muktananda] had just begun delivering his discourse with his opening statement: ‘Today’s subject is meditation. The crux of the question is: What do we meditate upon?’ Continuing his talk, Baba said: ‘Kundalini starts dancing when one repeats Om Namah Shivaya.’Hearing this, I mentally repeated the mantra, I noticed that my breathing was getting heavier. Suddenly, I felt a great impact of a rising force within me. The intensity of this rising kundalini force was so tremendous that my body lifted up a little and fell flat into the aisle; my eyeglasses flew off. As I lay there with my eyes closed, I could see a continuous fountain of dazzling white lights erupting within me. In brilliance, these lights were brighter than the sun but possessed no heat at all. I was experiencing the thought-free state of "I am," realizing that "I" have always been, and will continue to be, eternal. I was fully conscious and completely aware while I was experiencing the pure "I am," a state of supreme bliss. Outwardly, at that precise moment, Baba shouted delightedly from his platform, "Mene kuch nahi kiya; kisiko shakti ne pakda" ("I didn’t do anything. The Energy has caught someone"). Baba noticed that the dramatic awakening of kundalini in me frightened some people in the audience. Therefore, he said, ‘Do not be frightened. Sometimes kundalini gets awakened in this way, depending upon a person's type.

Paragraph 27: Operation Coffee Cup was a campaign conducted by the American Medical Association (AMA) during the late 1950s and early 1960s in opposition to the Democrats' plans to extend Social Security to include health insurance for the elderly, later known as Medicare. As part of the plan, doctors' wives would organize coffee meetings in an attempt to convince acquaintances to write letters to Congress opposing the program. The operation received support from Ronald Reagan, who in 1961 produced the LP record Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine for the AMA, outlining arguments against what he called socialized medicine. This record would be played at the coffee meetings.

Paragraph 28: “Baba [Swami Muktananda] had just begun delivering his discourse with his opening statement: ‘Today’s subject is meditation. The crux of the question is: What do we meditate upon?’ Continuing his talk, Baba said: ‘Kundalini starts dancing when one repeats Om Namah Shivaya.’Hearing this, I mentally repeated the mantra, I noticed that my breathing was getting heavier. Suddenly, I felt a great impact of a rising force within me. The intensity of this rising kundalini force was so tremendous that my body lifted up a little and fell flat into the aisle; my eyeglasses flew off. As I lay there with my eyes closed, I could see a continuous fountain of dazzling white lights erupting within me. In brilliance, these lights were brighter than the sun but possessed no heat at all. I was experiencing the thought-free state of "I am," realizing that "I" have always been, and will continue to be, eternal. I was fully conscious and completely aware while I was experiencing the pure "I am," a state of supreme bliss. Outwardly, at that precise moment, Baba shouted delightedly from his platform, "Mene kuch nahi kiya; kisiko shakti ne pakda" ("I didn’t do anything. The Energy has caught someone"). Baba noticed that the dramatic awakening of kundalini in me frightened some people in the audience. Therefore, he said, ‘Do not be frightened. Sometimes kundalini gets awakened in this way, depending upon a person's type.

Paragraph 29: His origin is still unknown (in the anime he comes from the Spirit Realm), but he can produce a powerful fiery blast from his mouth when offended, like when he protected Kobato from the perverted old man in an early chapter of Kobato, though he also often uses it on Kobato whenever she messes up. It has been heavily implied that his stuffed animal appearance is not his true form. Ioryogi's true form has yet to be revealed but several 'shadows' of his original form have been seen. One being that of a sinister, large, wolf like creature with horns, which manifested during one of Ioryogi's sparring matches with Ginsei. Another form appears to be a man with spiky hair and a long, battered looking cape or coat, manifesting when he watched over a sleeping Kobato. It is implied that Ioryogi's current form is a 'punishment' from causing some sort of serious trouble back in 'Heaven'. In the anime, it is mentioned that his punishment was for attempting to start a war with Heaven. The exact reason is still not clear but Ioryogi started the war for love. Being from the other world royal family, he was rude and careless and skipped an important meeting where the three worlds were meeting. He met an angel sitting in a tree and helped her out when she fell. In return, she sang for him a song so sweet, he instantly fell in love. In the manga it is then revealed the angel's name was Suishou, also that Kobato and Ioryogi's angel share the same soul because they are the same person belonging to two different worlds. When Kobato died, Ioryogi's angel used her power to bring her back to life. However, as a result, the angel will not be able to reincarnate. Ioryogi begged God to help him bring back his angel and came to an agreement: if "Kobato" is able to fill her flask with wounded hearts, then Kobato and the angel can live. If not, he would lose them both forever.

Paragraph 30: Among contemporary reviews from critics, Roger Ebert gave the film two stars out of four and called it "a curiously flat movie. It functions like clockwork and it looks right, but it doesn't feel like much. The laughs are telegraphed, the actors are lifeless (with the exception of Burt Reynolds), and the movie does an abrupt turnabout, from comedy to elegy, about two-thirds of the way through." Richard Eder of The New York Times called the film "two hours and two minutes of impersonations. Some of them are very good impersonations—deft and funny—but they lack a life to string them together." Arthur D. Murphy of Variety called it "an okay comedy-drama about the early days of motion pictures. Recreating a cultural era in terms of some of its artistic forms and cliches emerges as an uneven dramatic device though it sometimes works." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film two stars out of four and wrote that it "really bogs down with incessantly inept pratfall comedy" and "is successful only when it captures the innocence of the period." Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "In the first part of the film O'Neal, Reynolds and Miss Hitchcock often seem merely silly as they carry on like the exaggerated characters in their own movies. Alas, the effect is to make the latter portion of the movie unduly static and drawn out in comparison to its frenetic beginning. However, the more aware one is of what Bogdanovich is trying to do and the more knowledgeable one is about the era he is trying to evoke, the more enjoyable the movie. Indeed, 'Nickelodeon' is most affecting for the cineaste, and its culminating tribute to D. W. Griffith as the screen's first great artist brings tears to the eyes." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote that while Bogdanovich's new film was not quite a disaster on par with his previous flop At Long Last Love, "this elaborate, rambling and ultimately tedious period comedy about the pioneering years of the movie business in Hollywood does not lack for crippling deficiencies, miscalculations and self-indulgences."

Paragraph 31: Operation Coffee Cup was a campaign conducted by the American Medical Association (AMA) during the late 1950s and early 1960s in opposition to the Democrats' plans to extend Social Security to include health insurance for the elderly, later known as Medicare. As part of the plan, doctors' wives would organize coffee meetings in an attempt to convince acquaintances to write letters to Congress opposing the program. The operation received support from Ronald Reagan, who in 1961 produced the LP record Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine for the AMA, outlining arguments against what he called socialized medicine. This record would be played at the coffee meetings.

Paragraph 32:  Baron Draxum (voiced by John Cena in season one, Roger Craig Smith in season two) – A maroon-skinned Yōkai warrior and alchemist from the Hidden City with maroon hair and faun-like legs, who has the power to augment his own body by crushing purple pods in his hands, and can manipulate giant purple tentacle-like vines to grab objects, enemies, or as a means of transportation. As the self-proclaimed protector of all Yōkai, Baron Draxum seeks to mutate humanity to avert a prophecy predicting the destruction of the Yōkai. An incident amidst an earlier attempt to turn humanity into Yōkai led to the creation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles while causing Hamato Yoshi's transition into Splinter, attempting to win the former to his side before joining forces with the Foot Clan to reassemble the Kuroi Yōroi and revive Shredder. In "How to Make Enemies and Bend People to Your Will", Draxum exploits a loophole in the Foot's rules to becomes its leader through tactics that enable him to gain a shard of the Kuroi Yōroi that the Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute failed to acquire. In the episode "End Game", Draxum equips the restored Kuroi Yōroi armor intending to destroy humanity once and for all. The Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute address him as Shredder, but he rejects the title, confused with the name "Shredder". Due to a Jupiter Jim action figure being wedged in a hole in the back of the helmet, the Turtles managed to attack that part and cause the armor to fall off of Draxum, though the armor is revived after siphoning some of Draxum's life force, degrading his body to nearly a corpse and weakening his powers considerably. After the Foot Recruit emerged from the portal she opened to assist her senseis, Draxum used his weakened abilities to escape through it. In "Repairin' the Baron", Mikey takes in a weakened Draxum and teaches him to tolerate humans with Raph's help. After saving a mother and daughter from the Ferris wheel during Garm and Freki's attempt to capture him at Albeartoland while losing his mask in the process, and slowly starting to regain his lost power, he starts to tolerate humans, after which Raph and Mikey get him a job working at the cafeteria at April's school. In the four-part "Finale" episodes, Draxum realized that Shredder was the threat to the Yōkai mentioned in the prophecy, not humanity.

Paragraph 33: In December 1906 BHP and the unions entered into a two-year agreement that increased wages at the mine with the lowest paid workers receiving a 15% increase from 7s 6d, per 8-hour shift to 8s 7½d, In August 1908 the Chairman of BHP stated that wages needed to be cut at its Broken Hill mine because low metals prices, particularly lead, were making the mine uneconomic. On 7 December 1908 BHP posted notices at Broken Hill and Port Pirie stating that "The bonus granted for two years dating from 1st January, 1907, will cease on 1st January, 1909, and that the present rate of wages, less the bonus, will remain in force" The bonus referred to was the agreed increase from 1906 and that what BHP intended to do was drop wages to the 1906 rates. The unions sought the assistance of the Commonwealth Court of Conciliation and Arbitration, seeking that the agreement reached with the other mining companies at Broken Hill should govern BHP and its employees. BHP wouldn't pay the 1908 rates and the employees wouldn't accept the 1906 rates with the result that all of BHPs operations at Broken Hill and Port Pirie shut down, with around 4,000 employees out of work. BHP offered to pay the employees the 1906 rates and put the difference into a trust fund that would depend on the decision of the Arbitration Court. The unions and employees set up pickets outside the operations to prevent them being operated by 'scabs'. The pickets were marred by violence, on Monday 4 January the Silverton Tramway was damaged by dynamite and stones were thrown at police. On Saturday 9 January 1909 the violence escalated with bloody clashes involving thousands of protesters and police, resulting charges of riot, rout and unlawful assembly. Five of those charged were tried in Albury with the balance dealt with by the local court.  Walter Stokes, John May, Sid Robinson & E.H. Gray being convicted, while Tom Mann was subsequently acquitted. Harry Holland, Secretary of the Socialist Federation of Australia, was also tried in Albury on charges of sedition and inciting to violence over a speech he gave on 14 February in which he was alleged to have said "If you are going to fight, put a little ginger into it, or to be plain-spoken—dynamite. That's the way to win." He was convicted and sentenced to two years in goal, although he was released after serving five to six months.

Paragraph 34: The following month, Vincent sends Ronnie a "get well soon" card after hearing she has awoken from her coma, and later visits her. He reminds her of the times they spent with each other when he owned a bar and attempts to romance her, but she quickly informs him that she is married to Charlie Cotton (Declan Bennett). He leaves, and Ronnie later explains to her sister, Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons), that she and Vincent were in a relationship before they left for Ibiza. Vincent visits Kim, who reveals what she saw him getting up to at his flat and he explained that he was helping a victim of a mugging, giving her a news article stating he'd saved the man's life. Whilst in Albert Square, Vincent decides to pay a visit to his foster sister, Donna Yates (Lisa Hammond), and reveals to her that he is Pearl's father, leaving her shocked as she did not see Kim as his type. He also confesses to her that he is close with Ronnie. Following their conversation, he decides he wants to repair his marriage with Kim for the sake of their baby, but is thrown when Ronnie requests him to find some way of preventing a drug dealer from testifying against her former grandmother-in-law Dot Branning (June Brown) during her murder trial, which he refuses. However, Ronnie reminds him that she still has the gun he gave her, so he lends her the favour. Ronnie begins to repel Vincent and he begins visiting her more often in hospital, eventually revealing to her that he believes that it was Ronnie's cousin, Phil, who killed Carl White (Daniel Coonan), when it was actually her. When Ronnie finds out he has got the wrong end of the stick, she asks Phil to confront him. Phil approaches Vincent, threatening to kill one of his family members if he doesn't leave Ronnie alone. However, Vincent punches him and warns him to back off. Vincent later visits Kim and pledges he wants to be a father to Pearl, but is interrupted when the police arrest him in connection to the assault of the drug dealer, and later convinces Kim to give him a false alibi for the encounter. Following this, Kim forces Vincent to promise her no more lies, and Donna is disheartened to find they have reunited, bitterly revealing to Kim that Vincent had dated Ronnie.

Paragraph 35: The Johannesburg Exchange & Chambers Company was established by a London businessman, Benjamin Minors Woollan and housed at the corner of Commissioner and Simmonds Streets. Out of this the JSE was born on 8 November 1887. What immediately gave the JSE a clear advantage over exchanges such as Kimberley, Barberton, and, most importantly, London, was that listing of companies for a quotation on the Official List of the JSE was an easy and relatively cheap procedure. This relatively simple and non-restricting nature of the early Exchange promoted a wave of initial registrations on the Official List, with 68 companies by the end of November 1887. The Official List further expanded to more than 300 companies by the end of January 1890.

Paragraph 36: The song that would become "Millennium" started being written in 1997. Robbie Williams and producer Guy Chambers got along at Blah Street Studios in Hampshire, where Williams expressed the idea to do something based on James Bond. From that start, Chambers decided that he would sample "You Only Live Twice" by Nancy Sinatra, which featuring what he considered an "iconic intro" that "grabs you straight away", and that Williams wanted the addition of a hip-hop beat, which was achieved by speeding up the sample. Chambers then created a simple bassline for the verses. When Williams' lyrics were mostly done, Chambers felt it lacked "an obvious title for the track", and suggested "Millennium" for being "both strong and topical", because as Chambers said in a retrospective review, "There was a lot of talk about the millennium back then, it’s a bit like the 'Brexit' word now".  Then Chambers asked for a "football chant", which only had a melody before Williams came up with "come and have a go if you think you're hard enough'." The whole writing process took about four hours, and Chambers described "Millennium" as "the simplest song Robbie and I have ever written - only two chords. And it's written in D flat major, which is very unusual in pop music."

Paragraph 37: The Army clarified that it was not cancelling the IC competition, but that it was in a position to conclude it.  Industry participants said the competition was plagued by miscommunication from the Army.  Gabriele de Plano, vice president of military marketing and sales for Beretta, said he knew nothing of what the Army was planning just weeks before cancellation.  Other companies expressed concern that they had learned the program may be cancelled through media reports rather than being informed directly.  Army officials said they were surprised that none of the rifles submitted passed muster and maintained that there was transparency throughout the three-year competition.  Brigadier General Paul A. Ostrowski, head of PEO Soldier, said the Army simply did not find the capability it was after with the rifles submitted.  None of the weapons met minimum requirements.  The competition was a binary pass-or-fail venue, rather than a test-fix-test venue to improve the weapons following test results.  Mark Westrom, owner of ArmaLite which designed the original M16 rifle, said the competition was "destined to fail" because the requirements did not represent a significant advance in fighting ability.  The Army admitted each entrant offered marginal improvements over the M4 Carbine, but that none would substantially increase a soldier's battlefield capability.  Westrom said the carbines offered incremental improvements, not any that offered a tactically superior advance to justify replacing the entire inventory.  There were also complaints about the ammunition used in testing.  The competition began while the M855 round was in use.  In June 2010, the M855A1 Enhanced Performance Round was fielded, and the competition began using the EPR in August.  Army analysis found that the M855A1 may have contributed to lower than expected reliability performance.  Even so, the Army insists they made industry aware of the ammo change, giving them time to adjust their designs and arranging for each vendor to fire 10,000 M855A1s at a private range.  Westrom said ammunition and caliber conflicts had little to do with it, as neither those factors nor the rifle designs would fundamentally change the battlefield capabilities of a soldier or small unit, while previous weapon transitions advanced combat shooting doctrines and shooting tactics.  ArmaLite did not participate in the competition because Westrom determined their designs weren't a revolutionary improvement over the M4 weapon system, and because the published Army requirements "set the bar so low" that the outcome that no one would win a contract was "predetermined."

Paragraph 38: Operation Coffee Cup was a campaign conducted by the American Medical Association (AMA) during the late 1950s and early 1960s in opposition to the Democrats' plans to extend Social Security to include health insurance for the elderly, later known as Medicare. As part of the plan, doctors' wives would organize coffee meetings in an attempt to convince acquaintances to write letters to Congress opposing the program. The operation received support from Ronald Reagan, who in 1961 produced the LP record Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine for the AMA, outlining arguments against what he called socialized medicine. This record would be played at the coffee meetings.

Paragraph 39:  Baron Draxum (voiced by John Cena in season one, Roger Craig Smith in season two) – A maroon-skinned Yōkai warrior and alchemist from the Hidden City with maroon hair and faun-like legs, who has the power to augment his own body by crushing purple pods in his hands, and can manipulate giant purple tentacle-like vines to grab objects, enemies, or as a means of transportation. As the self-proclaimed protector of all Yōkai, Baron Draxum seeks to mutate humanity to avert a prophecy predicting the destruction of the Yōkai. An incident amidst an earlier attempt to turn humanity into Yōkai led to the creation of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles while causing Hamato Yoshi's transition into Splinter, attempting to win the former to his side before joining forces with the Foot Clan to reassemble the Kuroi Yōroi and revive Shredder. In "How to Make Enemies and Bend People to Your Will", Draxum exploits a loophole in the Foot's rules to becomes its leader through tactics that enable him to gain a shard of the Kuroi Yōroi that the Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute failed to acquire. In the episode "End Game", Draxum equips the restored Kuroi Yōroi armor intending to destroy humanity once and for all. The Foot Lieutenant and Foot Brute address him as Shredder, but he rejects the title, confused with the name "Shredder". Due to a Jupiter Jim action figure being wedged in a hole in the back of the helmet, the Turtles managed to attack that part and cause the armor to fall off of Draxum, though the armor is revived after siphoning some of Draxum's life force, degrading his body to nearly a corpse and weakening his powers considerably. After the Foot Recruit emerged from the portal she opened to assist her senseis, Draxum used his weakened abilities to escape through it. In "Repairin' the Baron", Mikey takes in a weakened Draxum and teaches him to tolerate humans with Raph's help. After saving a mother and daughter from the Ferris wheel during Garm and Freki's attempt to capture him at Albeartoland while losing his mask in the process, and slowly starting to regain his lost power, he starts to tolerate humans, after which Raph and Mikey get him a job working at the cafeteria at April's school. In the four-part "Finale" episodes, Draxum realized that Shredder was the threat to the Yōkai mentioned in the prophecy, not humanity.