Paragraph 1: Creative Assembly was founded in 1987 by Tim Ansell. Ansell had begun professional computer programming in 1985, working on video games for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, and Atari 8-bit family. Initially, Ansell kept the company small so he could personally work on computer programming. The company's early work, often produced personally by Ansell, involved porting games from the Amiga platform to DOS, such as the 1989 titles Geoff Crammond's Stunt Car Racer and Shadow of the Beast by Psygnosis. Creative Assembly began work with Electronic Arts in 1993, producing titles under the EA Sports label, starting with the DOS version of the early FIFA games. With EA Sports,  Creative Assembly was able to produce low development risk products bearing official league endorsements. The company's products included Rugby World Cup titles for 1995 and 2001, the game for the 1999 Cricket World Cup and the Australian Football League games for 1998 and 1999, of which the AFL 98 title was particularly successful in the Australian market. When it became clear that the company needed to expand further, Ansell employed Michael Simpson in 1996 as creative director. Simpson, a microchip designer turned video game designer, later became the driving force for the creative design of the Total War series. Ansell left Creative Assembly after Sega acquired the developer in 2005, later on, Tim Heaton took over as studio director.

Paragraph 2: A 2014 edition of Faraon, in Poland, is furnished by Andrzej Niwiński, professor of Egyptian archaeology at the University of Warsaw, with extensive annotations. Though Prus was not a historian and, apart from Pharaoh, wrote no other historical novel, it is regarded as superior to any other novel on ancient Egypt. From available sources, Prus drew information and authentic ancient texts and worked them, as vital elements, into his masterpiece. Regardless of occasional anachronisms, anatopisms, and errors in description of some realia, the novel has well stood the test of time. In spite of translations into many languages, however, it still remains little known in the wider world.

Paragraph 3: Cricket in Scotland is at least 225 years old. The first match for which records are available was played in September 1785 at Schaw Park, Alloa.  The game was more generally introduced to Scotland by English soldiers garrisoned in the country in the years following the Jacobite rising led by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745; and it is no coincidence that the oldest known club is Kelso (records date back to 1820), in the Borders, then a garrison town. The origins of cricket in Perth, where cricket was also played at a very early stage, was also for the same reason.

Paragraph 4: In 1963, with the number of parliamentary seats increased to 31, another election saw a repeat of the 1961 votes. Due to the layout of the constituencies, which were gerrymandered by the ZNP, the ASP, led by Abeid Amani Karume, won 54 percent of the popular vote but only 13 seats, while the ZNP/ZPPP won the rest and set about strengthening its hold on power. The Umma Party, formed that year by disaffected radical Arab socialist supporters of the ZNP, was banned, and all policemen of African mainland origin were dismissed. This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary-trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab-dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate of Zanzibar would be seeking close links with the Arab world, especially Egypt, and had no interest in forging relationships with the nations on the African mainland, as the black majority wished. Slavery had been abolished in Zanzibar in 1897, but much of the Arab elite who dominated the island's politics made little effort to hide their racist views of the black majority as their inferiors, a people fit only for slavery. In Parliament, the Minister of Finance Juma Aley responded to questions from Karume by insultingly saying he need not answer questions from a mere "boatman". Aley further explained in another speech in Parliament that if Arabs were over-represented in the Cabinet, it was not because of race, but rather it was only because the mental abilities of blacks were so abysmally low and the mental abilities of Arabs like himself were so high, a remark that enraged the black majority. Memories of Arab slave-trading in the past (some of the older black people had been slaves in their youth) together with a distinctly patronizing view of the Arab elite towards the black majority in the present, meant that much of the black population of Zanzibar had a ferocious hatred of the Arabs, viewing the new Arab-dominated government as illegitimate. The government did not help broaden its appeal to the black majority by drastically cutting spending in schools in areas with high concentrations of black people. The government's budget with its draconian spending cuts in schools in black areas was widely seen as a sign that the Arab-dominated government was planning to lock the black people in a permanent second-class status.

Paragraph 5: Born in Patiya, Bachchu came to Chittagong with his family in the early 1970s. His first band name was "Spider" (Which is the first band of Chittagong city). He joined a band named "Spider" in 1974. He played with "Spider" band as a main lead guitarist from year 1974 to 1977. Than he formed his first band "Ugly Boys" in 1977, while studying in high school and joined rock band Feelings (Now known as Nagar Baul) as the guitarist the same year. He played in the band from 1977 to 1980. In 1980, he joined the band Souls where he played for ten years and appeared in four studio albums including Super Souls (1982), College Er Corridore (1985), Manush Matir Kachakachi (1987) and East and West (1988). In 1991, he left the band to form his own band LRB, where he was the vocalist and guitarist for 27 years, until his death in 2018. He released the first ever double album: LRB I and LRB II in 1992, with the band. LRB's third studio album was Shukh, which featured "Cholo Bodle Jai", one of the greatest rock songs in Bangladesh. He also received great success as a solo artist. His first solo album Rokto Golap was released in September 1986. He got his breakthrough by releasing albums like Moyna (1988) and Koshto (1995) which received great success. He released only one instrumental rock album in his career: Sound of Silence (2007), which is the first ever instrumental album in Bangladesh.

Paragraph 6: In October 1954, he was sentenced to death for economic sabotage, but, after appealing to the PCR leaders, he had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment and hard labour, and died 9 years later in detention at Aiud Prison, having been kept in almost complete isolation. After his imprisonment, he wrote several letters to Gheorghiu-Dej, in which he continued to plead his innocence; it is not known if the addressee ever replied to Luca personally, but he would usually add derogatory comments to the margin of each letter. In one of those letters (dated April 20, 1956), Luca argued against his conviction for economic sabotage, saying that all the decisions he took were under the guidance and supervision of the Soviet counsellor at the ministry, and the legislation that he had worked on had been approved by the PCR (including Gheorghiu-Dej himself). Twenty-nine of Luca's present and former collaborators — from the Finance Ministry employees and from Centrocoop — were also arrested at the time. They were all subjected to torture. Alexandru Iacob, the deputy finance minister, received 20 years of forced labor; Ivan Solymos, vice-president of Centrocoop, was sentenced to 15, while Dumitru Cernicica, the Centrocoop first vice-president, was condemned to 3 years of corrective jail. For a while Luca and Iacob were detained at Râmnicu Sărat Prison.

Paragraph 7: For the years leading up to 1973, an issue had arisen on UCSC's campus surrounding a decision of whether Lee would be granted tenure. Page Smith explains in his work Founding Cowell College a conversation he had with the founding chancellor Dean McHenry where McHenry noted the atmosphere surrounding Lee after a class as notably filled with "enthusiastic and excited students". Lee, however, seemed to Smith to have accumulated enough opponents in senior professorships throughout UCSC that his tenure track would ultimately be ill-fated. Smith recounts in detail his painstakingly going around to first the Philosophy Department, which had "closed its ranks to Paul", based on colleague Maurice Natanson's intense dislike of Lee, most likely based largely on Lee (as a junior faculty member) choosing to state disagreement with a Natanson appointment to the university, Albert Hofstadter. Next, he went to UCSC's Religious Studies department, as Lee's teaching style was a closer fit to theology anyway, his having been a teaching assistant of influential theologian Paul Tillich and a friend of religious scholar Huston Smith. However, Page Smith explains the ongoing conversations with Joe Barber in Religious Studies found Barber not budging on finding Lee a position, with the added oddity of Barber experiencing consistent Freudian mental slip-ups throughout their discussions and calling Page "Paul" throughout his conversations with him. Then he went to Crown College, where both general faculty and students had voted to give Lee an appointment. Kenneth Thimann at Crown was fond of both Smith and Lee, but Thimann carried the message that the tenured faculty had subsequently voted quite substantially against Lee's appointment. Smith explains that this was most likely centered around Alan Chadwick's Chadwick Garden on campus and Paul Lee's role in starting it. The garden was infamous as a beginning catalyst for the organic movement and for its mystical and poetic atmosphere, which Smith explains many at Cowell were of the opinion had undermined the scientific seriousness of UCSC as an institution. He went to two other departments and had similarly found himself stymied. Then he sought the support of the "Fellowship Committee" and one of its members said they would resign if Lee was appointed. Another person then took that same stance. He explains that the senior leadership in the college did not want to "split the staff" with what was clearly such a contentious issue. Finally, he recounts, when one of the senior staff remarked that he himself would resign if Lee was appointed,I didn’t say it to him. I thought—well then I’ll resign. I mean, I had identified myself with Paul’s cause; I believe[d] he should be kept. I believe[d] the grounds on which he was being terminated were wrong. And I [felt I] really should stand by him. And so shortly after that I told Paul that I thought the cause was lost, that I was announcing my resignation on these grounds that I then described in my letter to the faculty. So that’s it very briefly. In a certain sense it was a funny time too, you know, we explored the terrain. At every point, Paul had intractable enemies, people who felt so strongly, were so hostile to him, that they wouldn’t abide by any sort of group decision. That was really I think the heart of the matter.

Paragraph 8: The  section 9 began at 135th Street and Lenox Avenue in Manhattan, ran under the Harlem River, and surfaced in the Bronx at Melrose Avenue. In the portions of this double track section not beneath the river, three types of construction (standard steel frame, reinforced concrete, and concrete arch) were used. Twin cast-iron tunnels were built under the Harlem River tunnel; each measured  long, with an interior diameter of , and were connected by a vertical cast iron diaphragm. The two tubes were surrounded by a layer of concrete measuring at least  thick, while the roof was covered by a layer of concrete  thick. An order issued by the United States War Department required that the top of the subway tunnel be at least  below the tide level of the river. As a result, the tubes sloped downward at a 3 percent grade on either side of the river; these were the steepest sections of track built in Contract 1. Since the river bed contained clay, silt, and irregular rock, it could not be excavated using a conventional shield. Instead, the contractor suggested building a submerged rectangular cofferdam extending from the shore to the middle of the river, then excavating the riverbed and constructing the tunnel one half at a time. The Chief Engineer of the Rapid Transit Commission agreed to permit this method of tunnel construction, and work on the Harlem River tunnel began from the west side of the river in June 1901.

Paragraph 9: In 1963, with the number of parliamentary seats increased to 31, another election saw a repeat of the 1961 votes. Due to the layout of the constituencies, which were gerrymandered by the ZNP, the ASP, led by Abeid Amani Karume, won 54 percent of the popular vote but only 13 seats, while the ZNP/ZPPP won the rest and set about strengthening its hold on power. The Umma Party, formed that year by disaffected radical Arab socialist supporters of the ZNP, was banned, and all policemen of African mainland origin were dismissed. This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary-trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab-dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate of Zanzibar would be seeking close links with the Arab world, especially Egypt, and had no interest in forging relationships with the nations on the African mainland, as the black majority wished. Slavery had been abolished in Zanzibar in 1897, but much of the Arab elite who dominated the island's politics made little effort to hide their racist views of the black majority as their inferiors, a people fit only for slavery. In Parliament, the Minister of Finance Juma Aley responded to questions from Karume by insultingly saying he need not answer questions from a mere "boatman". Aley further explained in another speech in Parliament that if Arabs were over-represented in the Cabinet, it was not because of race, but rather it was only because the mental abilities of blacks were so abysmally low and the mental abilities of Arabs like himself were so high, a remark that enraged the black majority. Memories of Arab slave-trading in the past (some of the older black people had been slaves in their youth) together with a distinctly patronizing view of the Arab elite towards the black majority in the present, meant that much of the black population of Zanzibar had a ferocious hatred of the Arabs, viewing the new Arab-dominated government as illegitimate. The government did not help broaden its appeal to the black majority by drastically cutting spending in schools in areas with high concentrations of black people. The government's budget with its draconian spending cuts in schools in black areas was widely seen as a sign that the Arab-dominated government was planning to lock the black people in a permanent second-class status.

Paragraph 10: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the AFL announced that the 2020 fixture would be reduced from 23 rounds to 17. The first five rounds of the revised 2020 AFL fixture were announced by the AFL on 25 May. Due to COVID-19, players are required to follow strict guidelines and avoid contact with the wider public as part of the conditions set by the government and AFL to allow resumption of the competition. Rounds six and seven are expected to be announced following the conclusion of Round three. On 29 June the AFL announced that the Saints' round 5 game with Carlton was rescheduled from Saturday 4th (at the MCG) to Thursday 2 June (at Docklands). This was due to additional restrictions being placed on Victorian teams flying to Queensland following a spike in Coronavirus cases in Victoria in late June, resulting in the need to again adjust the fixture. On 3 July the AFL announced a significant fixture change along with a relocation of the Saints to a 'hub' in the Queensland region of Noosa, possibly for the remainder of the season. This was due to a deteriorating COVID-19 situation in Victoria. The Saints' revised round six and seven fixtures (against Geelong at the Docklands on the 9th and Port Adelaide on the 19th also at Docklands) were replaced with matches against Fremantle and Adelaide in Queensland and South Australia respectively. The change in fixture coincided with the  relocation of all 10 Victorian teams to 'hubs' in Sydney and south-east Queensland. Due to the status of the Saints of a relatively young side, with few players having spouses or children, it was theorised that the temporary relocation would give them an edge over older sides, whose players had been demoralised as a result of having to leave their families behind In order to continue playing. On Monday 13 July, the AFL announced the Round 8 fixture. On 24 July the Saints announced that veteran defender Nathan Brown would leave the team's Queensland hub to return to Melbourne for family reasons. Brown's decision was fully supported by the club with Simon Lethlean saying that "he is such a respected member of our team and the spiritual leader of the connection, culture and standards that we are building here at the Saints. The players and staff love the big fella and we will miss him – but he has made the right call for him and his family, and we are very proud of him for that."

Paragraph 11: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 12: A 2014 edition of Faraon, in Poland, is furnished by Andrzej Niwiński, professor of Egyptian archaeology at the University of Warsaw, with extensive annotations. Though Prus was not a historian and, apart from Pharaoh, wrote no other historical novel, it is regarded as superior to any other novel on ancient Egypt. From available sources, Prus drew information and authentic ancient texts and worked them, as vital elements, into his masterpiece. Regardless of occasional anachronisms, anatopisms, and errors in description of some realia, the novel has well stood the test of time. In spite of translations into many languages, however, it still remains little known in the wider world.

Paragraph 13: A 2014 edition of Faraon, in Poland, is furnished by Andrzej Niwiński, professor of Egyptian archaeology at the University of Warsaw, with extensive annotations. Though Prus was not a historian and, apart from Pharaoh, wrote no other historical novel, it is regarded as superior to any other novel on ancient Egypt. From available sources, Prus drew information and authentic ancient texts and worked them, as vital elements, into his masterpiece. Regardless of occasional anachronisms, anatopisms, and errors in description of some realia, the novel has well stood the test of time. In spite of translations into many languages, however, it still remains little known in the wider world.

Paragraph 14: The Tự Đức Bảo Sao or Đồng Sao (銅鈔, billets of copper) were introduced by the Ministry of Revenue (戸部, Hộ Bộ) in the year Tự Đức 14 (1961) for large transactions and taxes on behalf of stores of the government of Đại Nam, the introduction of the Tự Đức Bảo Sao marked the redefinition of the tiền or mạch denominations and the quàn (strings of cash coins) where the quàn was made equal to 10 mạch and the mạch was made the equivalent of 60 zinc cash coins, under these exchange rates 1 quàn was worth a string of 600 zinc cash coins. The Đồng Sao series of cash coins was introduced as zinc cash coins were heavy in quantity to carry around for the payment of larger sums of money, to this end the government introduced a system of monetary units determined by their nominal value in zinc cash coins as opposed to their intrinsic market value, it is possible that this might have been inspired by contemporary Chinese coinage of the Xianfeng era in the Qing dynasty where large denomination coins from 4 up to 1000 văn circulated alongside each other with little to no difference in intrinsic value in a fiduciary system, this system was also used by the Vietnamese. When the Tự Đức Bảo Sao was first proposed the Mandarins of the imperial court of Đại Nam suggested to simply increase the weight of the brass Tự Đức Thông Bảo to make them worth more relative to the zinc Tự Đức Thông Bảo cash coins as 1 brass cash coin with a weight of 9 phần was worth four zinc cash coins. The value of the Đồng Sao cash coins was indicated on the reverses of the coins expressed in their worth in zinc cash coins preceded by the character  (chuẩn, regarded as equal to), despite the fact that Sao (鈔) means "paper money", though imperfectly the denominations of these coins attempted to take the respective value of brass and zinc cash coins into account which means that they can't be fully qualified as a fiat currency. The Ministry of Revenue of Đại Nam originally set the exchange rate between the brass Tự Đức Bảo Sao and zinc cash coins heavily in favour of the larger denominations which wasn't accepted by the market which resulted in the imperial court attempting to adjust the exchange rate more to the contemporary exchange values of brass and zinc cash coins that were in circulation. In January 1868 by decree the exchange rate between brass 9 phần cash and zinc cash coins was fixed 1:4 replacing the early ratio of 1:2.67 that had been in place since 1858. The Tự Đức Bảo Sao was generally well received by the population of Đại Nam despite the fact that their circulation was reduced due to their high purchasing power relative to their intrinsic value until their weight was decreased, which was done by the government to conform to the new official exchange between brass and zinc cash coins.

Paragraph 15: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 16: In 1963, with the number of parliamentary seats increased to 31, another election saw a repeat of the 1961 votes. Due to the layout of the constituencies, which were gerrymandered by the ZNP, the ASP, led by Abeid Amani Karume, won 54 percent of the popular vote but only 13 seats, while the ZNP/ZPPP won the rest and set about strengthening its hold on power. The Umma Party, formed that year by disaffected radical Arab socialist supporters of the ZNP, was banned, and all policemen of African mainland origin were dismissed. This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary-trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab-dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate of Zanzibar would be seeking close links with the Arab world, especially Egypt, and had no interest in forging relationships with the nations on the African mainland, as the black majority wished. Slavery had been abolished in Zanzibar in 1897, but much of the Arab elite who dominated the island's politics made little effort to hide their racist views of the black majority as their inferiors, a people fit only for slavery. In Parliament, the Minister of Finance Juma Aley responded to questions from Karume by insultingly saying he need not answer questions from a mere "boatman". Aley further explained in another speech in Parliament that if Arabs were over-represented in the Cabinet, it was not because of race, but rather it was only because the mental abilities of blacks were so abysmally low and the mental abilities of Arabs like himself were so high, a remark that enraged the black majority. Memories of Arab slave-trading in the past (some of the older black people had been slaves in their youth) together with a distinctly patronizing view of the Arab elite towards the black majority in the present, meant that much of the black population of Zanzibar had a ferocious hatred of the Arabs, viewing the new Arab-dominated government as illegitimate. The government did not help broaden its appeal to the black majority by drastically cutting spending in schools in areas with high concentrations of black people. The government's budget with its draconian spending cuts in schools in black areas was widely seen as a sign that the Arab-dominated government was planning to lock the black people in a permanent second-class status.

Paragraph 17: In 1963, with the number of parliamentary seats increased to 31, another election saw a repeat of the 1961 votes. Due to the layout of the constituencies, which were gerrymandered by the ZNP, the ASP, led by Abeid Amani Karume, won 54 percent of the popular vote but only 13 seats, while the ZNP/ZPPP won the rest and set about strengthening its hold on power. The Umma Party, formed that year by disaffected radical Arab socialist supporters of the ZNP, was banned, and all policemen of African mainland origin were dismissed. This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary-trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab-dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate of Zanzibar would be seeking close links with the Arab world, especially Egypt, and had no interest in forging relationships with the nations on the African mainland, as the black majority wished. Slavery had been abolished in Zanzibar in 1897, but much of the Arab elite who dominated the island's politics made little effort to hide their racist views of the black majority as their inferiors, a people fit only for slavery. In Parliament, the Minister of Finance Juma Aley responded to questions from Karume by insultingly saying he need not answer questions from a mere "boatman". Aley further explained in another speech in Parliament that if Arabs were over-represented in the Cabinet, it was not because of race, but rather it was only because the mental abilities of blacks were so abysmally low and the mental abilities of Arabs like himself were so high, a remark that enraged the black majority. Memories of Arab slave-trading in the past (some of the older black people had been slaves in their youth) together with a distinctly patronizing view of the Arab elite towards the black majority in the present, meant that much of the black population of Zanzibar had a ferocious hatred of the Arabs, viewing the new Arab-dominated government as illegitimate. The government did not help broaden its appeal to the black majority by drastically cutting spending in schools in areas with high concentrations of black people. The government's budget with its draconian spending cuts in schools in black areas was widely seen as a sign that the Arab-dominated government was planning to lock the black people in a permanent second-class status.

Paragraph 18: The prospect of completing a bike route across the park re-emerged in the 1990s when the Park was required to come up with a General Management Plan. The 1990 Paved Trails plan recommended completing the trail (as well as increasing the clearance below Klingle Road; widening and repaving the trail; adding new connections at Piney Branch and Blagden; and replacing the low-water crossing at Porter). In 1991, a loosely knit, cyclist-dominated group called "Auto-Free DC" renewed the push to ban automobile traffic on Beach Drive. They suggested limited road closures to discourage commuters, but allow access to most locations in the park by car. When NPS failed to take up their suggestion, the group led a series of "rolling road block" protests which aimed to peaceably draw attention to the cause by disrupting rush hour traffic. Nonetheless, the protests led to some confrontations and arrests, and at one point the Military Road Bridge was graffitied with anti-automobile slogans. In 1996 NPS initiated a federally-mandated General Management Plan for the park. In June 1997 NPS laid out several management alternatives, one of which would improve and expand the paved multi-use trails and add a new trail along Wise, with the police substation converted to a visitor center and bicycle rental facility. Another alternative suggested that sections of Beach Drive be permanently closed and converted into a wide multi-use trail and that Wise Road, Sherrill Drive, Bingham Drive, Grant Road, and Blagden Avenue be converted to paved trails. Both of these alternatives were less popular than the status quo. An additional alternative created by the People's Alliance for Rock Creek (PARC), a group consisting of the Washington Area Bicyclists Association, the Sierra Club, Friends of the Earth and 18 other advocacy groups, suggested making Beach Drive auto-free north of Broad Branch as a means of completing the trail envisioned in 1965. In 2003, in an attempt to appease both groups, NPS proposed extending the weekend closures of Beach Drive to weekdays from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm. The proposal was one of several, but was the "preferred alternative." The plan had popular support, but no political support. Mayor Anthony Williams who had supported closure as a candidate, opposed it as mayor, citing the need to evacuate in a post-9/11 world. In May 2004, NPS proposed instead to only close the section from Joyce to Broad Branch, but again found opposition among politicians. So, in November 2005, NPS finalized their management plan which included no further road closures, the prospect of lowering speed limits and adding speed bumps, and improvements to the trail south of Broad Branch. However, speed limits were never reduced and no traffic calming was ever implemented. The 2005 District of Columbia Bicycle Plan only called for "an improved bicycle connection" between Broad Branch and the Maryland line, but, despite this and the Park's management plan, the District's 2013 MoveDC Multi-modal transportation plan proposed a future trail on this section.

Paragraph 19: Born in Patiya, Bachchu came to Chittagong with his family in the early 1970s. His first band name was "Spider" (Which is the first band of Chittagong city). He joined a band named "Spider" in 1974. He played with "Spider" band as a main lead guitarist from year 1974 to 1977. Than he formed his first band "Ugly Boys" in 1977, while studying in high school and joined rock band Feelings (Now known as Nagar Baul) as the guitarist the same year. He played in the band from 1977 to 1980. In 1980, he joined the band Souls where he played for ten years and appeared in four studio albums including Super Souls (1982), College Er Corridore (1985), Manush Matir Kachakachi (1987) and East and West (1988). In 1991, he left the band to form his own band LRB, where he was the vocalist and guitarist for 27 years, until his death in 2018. He released the first ever double album: LRB I and LRB II in 1992, with the band. LRB's third studio album was Shukh, which featured "Cholo Bodle Jai", one of the greatest rock songs in Bangladesh. He also received great success as a solo artist. His first solo album Rokto Golap was released in September 1986. He got his breakthrough by releasing albums like Moyna (1988) and Koshto (1995) which received great success. He released only one instrumental rock album in his career: Sound of Silence (2007), which is the first ever instrumental album in Bangladesh.

Paragraph 20: In October 1954, he was sentenced to death for economic sabotage, but, after appealing to the PCR leaders, he had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment and hard labour, and died 9 years later in detention at Aiud Prison, having been kept in almost complete isolation. After his imprisonment, he wrote several letters to Gheorghiu-Dej, in which he continued to plead his innocence; it is not known if the addressee ever replied to Luca personally, but he would usually add derogatory comments to the margin of each letter. In one of those letters (dated April 20, 1956), Luca argued against his conviction for economic sabotage, saying that all the decisions he took were under the guidance and supervision of the Soviet counsellor at the ministry, and the legislation that he had worked on had been approved by the PCR (including Gheorghiu-Dej himself). Twenty-nine of Luca's present and former collaborators — from the Finance Ministry employees and from Centrocoop — were also arrested at the time. They were all subjected to torture. Alexandru Iacob, the deputy finance minister, received 20 years of forced labor; Ivan Solymos, vice-president of Centrocoop, was sentenced to 15, while Dumitru Cernicica, the Centrocoop first vice-president, was condemned to 3 years of corrective jail. For a while Luca and Iacob were detained at Râmnicu Sărat Prison.

Paragraph 21: Nic Jones was born on 9 January 1947 in Orpington, London, England, where his father owned a newsagent's shop. The family moved to Brentwood in Essex when he was two, and he later attended Brentwood School. He first learned to play guitar as a young teenager and early musical influences included such artists as The Shadows, Duane Eddy, Chet Atkins, Wes Montgomery and Ray Charles. His interest in folk music was aroused by an old school friend, Nigel Paterson who was a member of a folk band called The Halliard. When the members of the group decided to turn professional, one of them left to pursue a different career and Jones was invited to take his place. Whilst playing with The Halliard, Jones learned to play the fiddle and also how to research and arrange traditional material. The group toured the UK between 1964 and 1968, eventually splitting up when two of the members decided to pursue careers outside the folk music business.

Paragraph 22: In October 1954, he was sentenced to death for economic sabotage, but, after appealing to the PCR leaders, he had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment and hard labour, and died 9 years later in detention at Aiud Prison, having been kept in almost complete isolation. After his imprisonment, he wrote several letters to Gheorghiu-Dej, in which he continued to plead his innocence; it is not known if the addressee ever replied to Luca personally, but he would usually add derogatory comments to the margin of each letter. In one of those letters (dated April 20, 1956), Luca argued against his conviction for economic sabotage, saying that all the decisions he took were under the guidance and supervision of the Soviet counsellor at the ministry, and the legislation that he had worked on had been approved by the PCR (including Gheorghiu-Dej himself). Twenty-nine of Luca's present and former collaborators — from the Finance Ministry employees and from Centrocoop — were also arrested at the time. They were all subjected to torture. Alexandru Iacob, the deputy finance minister, received 20 years of forced labor; Ivan Solymos, vice-president of Centrocoop, was sentenced to 15, while Dumitru Cernicica, the Centrocoop first vice-president, was condemned to 3 years of corrective jail. For a while Luca and Iacob were detained at Râmnicu Sărat Prison.

Paragraph 23:  Buffalo, New York: A lighted ball is dropped, at one time along with a Ford Edge automobile. The Buffalo Ball Drop (formerly the 97 Rock Ball Drop) is the second largest in the country, with 40,000 in attendance during a typical year. The Buffalo Ball Drop is held annually from the Electric Tower in Roosevelt Plaza. It was nearly canceled in 2010 (due mainly to the effects of the late 2000s recession) before a last-minute sponsorship drive brought in the necessary funds to successfully carry out the festivities. The event is broadcast on both 97 Rock (through the radio) and on ABC 7 Buffalo (on television), usually in split screen so that the viewers may see both the Times Square, and Electric Tower ball drops simultaneously.

Paragraph 24: About the town hall in Hanover, Kokkelink judges that it had an exemplary character for other cities in northern Germany.The medieval building was expanded and restored several times between 1839 and 1891. This phase of transformation had already begun in 1826, when the city director Wilhelm Rumann planned to have the old town hall demolished.According to his idea, a larger new building was to be built in the same place, which would have offered twice as much usable space as the old building. The design came from the city builder August Andreae, who provided for a four-storey house in round arch style. However, the project met with massive resistance from the citizens and the Bürgervorher College, so Rumann moved away from the execution. Instead, he successfully applied for the new construction of an internal "prisoner house"as an extension of the town hall. Andreae designed it from 1839 to 1841 based on the round arch style, but also equipped the tract with previously largely unknown style elements. Andreae developed a design language via brick reliefs, two-storey glare arcades, segment arches and lisenens, which was later taken up by the Hanover School.[After the prison house, the court wing followed along Köblinger Straße until 1850, for which the former pharmacy wing had to be demolished beforehand. Andreae carried out the facade of the court wing with "North Italian-Romanesque"shapes, which is why the part of the building was quickly nicknamed "Dogenpalast". In the following twenty years, there were protests again that prevented the further construction of new tracts. It was not until the end of 1863 that the magistrate commissioned the Hanoverian Association of Architects and Engineers to develop a restoration and use concept for the town hall. The discussions about the concept lasted a good ten years before Conrad Wilhelm Hase was appointed to draw up plans for restoration in 1875. Hase's designs were received by the magistrate, who decided to execute them at the beginning of 1877. Hase's plans provided for "the medieval state with the continuation of all subsequent additions"; during execution, the plans were only slightly changed by adding a few stairs and partitions. The restoration work for the exterior of the market wing could be completed in 1879, while the work inside continued until 1882. At the time of the inauguration, a general meeting of German architects and engineers took place in Hanover. Their participants praised in Hase's designs the "conceptual uniformity, the all-encompassing breakdown of the inside and exterior" and "the total restoration of the Gothic state."According to Günther Kokkelink, Hase was very cautious at the town hall in Hanover, as he had demanded with his motto "Keeping at the old."The "honority of the old monument" was more important to rabbits than the "subjective artistic ambitions". As the last part of the town hall, the new "Hase wing" to Karmarschstraße was built in 1890–91.The wing facing southeast became necessary after the Grupenstraße had previously been created. This, now called Karmarschstraße, led as a breakthrough across the old town to ensure a fast connection of the train station with the western city of Linden. For representation purposes, Hase gave the wing another floor and a middle gable. At its end faces, the wing received superangular fial gable, which flanks the town hall to the southeast in an almost symmetrical way.

Paragraph 25:  Buffalo, New York: A lighted ball is dropped, at one time along with a Ford Edge automobile. The Buffalo Ball Drop (formerly the 97 Rock Ball Drop) is the second largest in the country, with 40,000 in attendance during a typical year. The Buffalo Ball Drop is held annually from the Electric Tower in Roosevelt Plaza. It was nearly canceled in 2010 (due mainly to the effects of the late 2000s recession) before a last-minute sponsorship drive brought in the necessary funds to successfully carry out the festivities. The event is broadcast on both 97 Rock (through the radio) and on ABC 7 Buffalo (on television), usually in split screen so that the viewers may see both the Times Square, and Electric Tower ball drops simultaneously.

Paragraph 26: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 27: Nic Jones was born on 9 January 1947 in Orpington, London, England, where his father owned a newsagent's shop. The family moved to Brentwood in Essex when he was two, and he later attended Brentwood School. He first learned to play guitar as a young teenager and early musical influences included such artists as The Shadows, Duane Eddy, Chet Atkins, Wes Montgomery and Ray Charles. His interest in folk music was aroused by an old school friend, Nigel Paterson who was a member of a folk band called The Halliard. When the members of the group decided to turn professional, one of them left to pursue a different career and Jones was invited to take his place. Whilst playing with The Halliard, Jones learned to play the fiddle and also how to research and arrange traditional material. The group toured the UK between 1964 and 1968, eventually splitting up when two of the members decided to pursue careers outside the folk music business.

Paragraph 28: Cricket in Scotland is at least 225 years old. The first match for which records are available was played in September 1785 at Schaw Park, Alloa.  The game was more generally introduced to Scotland by English soldiers garrisoned in the country in the years following the Jacobite rising led by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745; and it is no coincidence that the oldest known club is Kelso (records date back to 1820), in the Borders, then a garrison town. The origins of cricket in Perth, where cricket was also played at a very early stage, was also for the same reason.

Paragraph 29: The  section 9 began at 135th Street and Lenox Avenue in Manhattan, ran under the Harlem River, and surfaced in the Bronx at Melrose Avenue. In the portions of this double track section not beneath the river, three types of construction (standard steel frame, reinforced concrete, and concrete arch) were used. Twin cast-iron tunnels were built under the Harlem River tunnel; each measured  long, with an interior diameter of , and were connected by a vertical cast iron diaphragm. The two tubes were surrounded by a layer of concrete measuring at least  thick, while the roof was covered by a layer of concrete  thick. An order issued by the United States War Department required that the top of the subway tunnel be at least  below the tide level of the river. As a result, the tubes sloped downward at a 3 percent grade on either side of the river; these were the steepest sections of track built in Contract 1. Since the river bed contained clay, silt, and irregular rock, it could not be excavated using a conventional shield. Instead, the contractor suggested building a submerged rectangular cofferdam extending from the shore to the middle of the river, then excavating the riverbed and constructing the tunnel one half at a time. The Chief Engineer of the Rapid Transit Commission agreed to permit this method of tunnel construction, and work on the Harlem River tunnel began from the west side of the river in June 1901.

Paragraph 30: In 1963, with the number of parliamentary seats increased to 31, another election saw a repeat of the 1961 votes. Due to the layout of the constituencies, which were gerrymandered by the ZNP, the ASP, led by Abeid Amani Karume, won 54 percent of the popular vote but only 13 seats, while the ZNP/ZPPP won the rest and set about strengthening its hold on power. The Umma Party, formed that year by disaffected radical Arab socialist supporters of the ZNP, was banned, and all policemen of African mainland origin were dismissed. This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary-trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab-dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate of Zanzibar would be seeking close links with the Arab world, especially Egypt, and had no interest in forging relationships with the nations on the African mainland, as the black majority wished. Slavery had been abolished in Zanzibar in 1897, but much of the Arab elite who dominated the island's politics made little effort to hide their racist views of the black majority as their inferiors, a people fit only for slavery. In Parliament, the Minister of Finance Juma Aley responded to questions from Karume by insultingly saying he need not answer questions from a mere "boatman". Aley further explained in another speech in Parliament that if Arabs were over-represented in the Cabinet, it was not because of race, but rather it was only because the mental abilities of blacks were so abysmally low and the mental abilities of Arabs like himself were so high, a remark that enraged the black majority. Memories of Arab slave-trading in the past (some of the older black people had been slaves in their youth) together with a distinctly patronizing view of the Arab elite towards the black majority in the present, meant that much of the black population of Zanzibar had a ferocious hatred of the Arabs, viewing the new Arab-dominated government as illegitimate. The government did not help broaden its appeal to the black majority by drastically cutting spending in schools in areas with high concentrations of black people. The government's budget with its draconian spending cuts in schools in black areas was widely seen as a sign that the Arab-dominated government was planning to lock the black people in a permanent second-class status.

Paragraph 31: The core of the band originally formed in 1967 as Music Box, members being Cliff Fish, Dave Manders, Roy White and Phil Wright, the band performing covers by the likes of the Beach Boys. In 1969 they changed their name to Paper Lace. They worked their way through small club gigs, a season at Tiffany's, a Rochdale club, and in 1971 at The Birdcage in Ashton-Under-Lyne. Paper Lace released First Edition, the first of two studio albums in 1972 but, despite some TV appearances, mainstream success was not achieved until a 1973 victory on Opportunity Knocks, the ITV talent contest series.

Paragraph 32: In October 1954, he was sentenced to death for economic sabotage, but, after appealing to the PCR leaders, he had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment and hard labour, and died 9 years later in detention at Aiud Prison, having been kept in almost complete isolation. After his imprisonment, he wrote several letters to Gheorghiu-Dej, in which he continued to plead his innocence; it is not known if the addressee ever replied to Luca personally, but he would usually add derogatory comments to the margin of each letter. In one of those letters (dated April 20, 1956), Luca argued against his conviction for economic sabotage, saying that all the decisions he took were under the guidance and supervision of the Soviet counsellor at the ministry, and the legislation that he had worked on had been approved by the PCR (including Gheorghiu-Dej himself). Twenty-nine of Luca's present and former collaborators — from the Finance Ministry employees and from Centrocoop — were also arrested at the time. They were all subjected to torture. Alexandru Iacob, the deputy finance minister, received 20 years of forced labor; Ivan Solymos, vice-president of Centrocoop, was sentenced to 15, while Dumitru Cernicica, the Centrocoop first vice-president, was condemned to 3 years of corrective jail. For a while Luca and Iacob were detained at Râmnicu Sărat Prison.

Paragraph 33: A 2014 edition of Faraon, in Poland, is furnished by Andrzej Niwiński, professor of Egyptian archaeology at the University of Warsaw, with extensive annotations. Though Prus was not a historian and, apart from Pharaoh, wrote no other historical novel, it is regarded as superior to any other novel on ancient Egypt. From available sources, Prus drew information and authentic ancient texts and worked them, as vital elements, into his masterpiece. Regardless of occasional anachronisms, anatopisms, and errors in description of some realia, the novel has well stood the test of time. In spite of translations into many languages, however, it still remains little known in the wider world.

Paragraph 34: The Dole Air Race, also known as the Dole Derby, was a deadly air race across the Pacific Ocean from Oakland, California to Honolulu in the Territory of Hawaii held in August 1927. There were eighteen official and unofficial entrants; fifteen of those drew for starting positions, and of those fifteen, two were disqualified, two withdrew, and three aircraft crashed before the race, resulting in three deaths. Eight aircraft eventually participated in the start of the race on August 16, with only two successfully arriving in Hawaii; Woolaroc, a Travel Air 5000 piloted by Arthur C. Goebel and William V. Davis, arrived after a 26 hour, 15 minute flight, leading runner-up Aloha by two hours.

Paragraph 35: The  section 9 began at 135th Street and Lenox Avenue in Manhattan, ran under the Harlem River, and surfaced in the Bronx at Melrose Avenue. In the portions of this double track section not beneath the river, three types of construction (standard steel frame, reinforced concrete, and concrete arch) were used. Twin cast-iron tunnels were built under the Harlem River tunnel; each measured  long, with an interior diameter of , and were connected by a vertical cast iron diaphragm. The two tubes were surrounded by a layer of concrete measuring at least  thick, while the roof was covered by a layer of concrete  thick. An order issued by the United States War Department required that the top of the subway tunnel be at least  below the tide level of the river. As a result, the tubes sloped downward at a 3 percent grade on either side of the river; these were the steepest sections of track built in Contract 1. Since the river bed contained clay, silt, and irregular rock, it could not be excavated using a conventional shield. Instead, the contractor suggested building a submerged rectangular cofferdam extending from the shore to the middle of the river, then excavating the riverbed and constructing the tunnel one half at a time. The Chief Engineer of the Rapid Transit Commission agreed to permit this method of tunnel construction, and work on the Harlem River tunnel began from the west side of the river in June 1901.

Paragraph 36: At some stage she passed her level I national law exams, but she never progressed to level II.     In 1970 she found an administrative job in the lawyer's office run by Horst Mahler, at that time the ideological head of the newly formed RAF.   She soon joined up and undertook administrative work on behalf of the terrorist group:  Berberich rented houses and apartments for use in RAF operations.   With others she was involved in preparations for the release from prison of Andreas Baader which took place on 14 May 1970.   The plot succeeded in that Andreas Baader was indeed freed from the Research Institute for Social Questions in Berlin-Dahlem where he had been sent on a rehabilitation-secondment from prison.   The plan failed, however, to the extent that in the confusion involved in freeing Baader, Georg Linke, a 62 year old institute librarian, was shot by the accomplice with the guns and his liver badly injured.  (Fortunately Linke would survive the injury.)   Unbeknown to the research institute, Baader had an accomplice working "on the inside" in the form of the radical journalist Ulrike Meinhof:  she had been expected by the group to remain at the institute following Baader's "liberation", and then provide media reports supportive of her escaped RAF comrades.   After the near-fatal shooting Meinhof seems to have had a sudden change of plan, and she herself escaped by leaping through a window and joining the others in the getaway car.   She now "disappeared underground".   Directly after Meinhof's disappearance it was Monika Berberich who collected her friend's seven year old twin daughters from the zoo (a meeting point pre-arranged with the comrade who had collected the girls from the Bremen apartment where they had been sent before the operation to free Baader reached it denouement), and drove with the children through France and Italy to the "barracks camp" on the side of Mount Etna which had originally been constructed as emergency accommodation for people made homeless by a volcanic eruption, and where now Andreas Baader and other comrades were hiding.

Paragraph 37: Cricket in Scotland is at least 225 years old. The first match for which records are available was played in September 1785 at Schaw Park, Alloa.  The game was more generally introduced to Scotland by English soldiers garrisoned in the country in the years following the Jacobite rising led by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745; and it is no coincidence that the oldest known club is Kelso (records date back to 1820), in the Borders, then a garrison town. The origins of cricket in Perth, where cricket was also played at a very early stage, was also for the same reason.

Paragraph 38: The core of the band originally formed in 1967 as Music Box, members being Cliff Fish, Dave Manders, Roy White and Phil Wright, the band performing covers by the likes of the Beach Boys. In 1969 they changed their name to Paper Lace. They worked their way through small club gigs, a season at Tiffany's, a Rochdale club, and in 1971 at The Birdcage in Ashton-Under-Lyne. Paper Lace released First Edition, the first of two studio albums in 1972 but, despite some TV appearances, mainstream success was not achieved until a 1973 victory on Opportunity Knocks, the ITV talent contest series.

Paragraph 39: Nic Jones was born on 9 January 1947 in Orpington, London, England, where his father owned a newsagent's shop. The family moved to Brentwood in Essex when he was two, and he later attended Brentwood School. He first learned to play guitar as a young teenager and early musical influences included such artists as The Shadows, Duane Eddy, Chet Atkins, Wes Montgomery and Ray Charles. His interest in folk music was aroused by an old school friend, Nigel Paterson who was a member of a folk band called The Halliard. When the members of the group decided to turn professional, one of them left to pursue a different career and Jones was invited to take his place. Whilst playing with The Halliard, Jones learned to play the fiddle and also how to research and arrange traditional material. The group toured the UK between 1964 and 1968, eventually splitting up when two of the members decided to pursue careers outside the folk music business.

Paragraph 40: The core of the band originally formed in 1967 as Music Box, members being Cliff Fish, Dave Manders, Roy White and Phil Wright, the band performing covers by the likes of the Beach Boys. In 1969 they changed their name to Paper Lace. They worked their way through small club gigs, a season at Tiffany's, a Rochdale club, and in 1971 at The Birdcage in Ashton-Under-Lyne. Paper Lace released First Edition, the first of two studio albums in 1972 but, despite some TV appearances, mainstream success was not achieved until a 1973 victory on Opportunity Knocks, the ITV talent contest series.

Paragraph 41: The Dole Air Race, also known as the Dole Derby, was a deadly air race across the Pacific Ocean from Oakland, California to Honolulu in the Territory of Hawaii held in August 1927. There were eighteen official and unofficial entrants; fifteen of those drew for starting positions, and of those fifteen, two were disqualified, two withdrew, and three aircraft crashed before the race, resulting in three deaths. Eight aircraft eventually participated in the start of the race on August 16, with only two successfully arriving in Hawaii; Woolaroc, a Travel Air 5000 piloted by Arthur C. Goebel and William V. Davis, arrived after a 26 hour, 15 minute flight, leading runner-up Aloha by two hours.

Paragraph 42: Cricket in Scotland is at least 225 years old. The first match for which records are available was played in September 1785 at Schaw Park, Alloa.  The game was more generally introduced to Scotland by English soldiers garrisoned in the country in the years following the Jacobite rising led by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745; and it is no coincidence that the oldest known club is Kelso (records date back to 1820), in the Borders, then a garrison town. The origins of cricket in Perth, where cricket was also played at a very early stage, was also for the same reason.

Paragraph 43: The remaining three chapters consist of creature statistics and descriptions for fantastic beasts, animals, and beasts of science fiction and the films. Each creature description is about a page in length, and contains a complete listing of the characteristics, powers, skills, and disadvantages, including the point cost for each. This is followed by brief descriptions of the creature's ecology, personality and motivation, powers and combat tactics, their appearance, and the uses of the creature in a role-playing game campaign. The creatures listed include a number that are as intelligent as man (or more so), and can possess their own intricate cultures. All of the creatures are illustrated in black and white.

Paragraph 44: The  section 9 began at 135th Street and Lenox Avenue in Manhattan, ran under the Harlem River, and surfaced in the Bronx at Melrose Avenue. In the portions of this double track section not beneath the river, three types of construction (standard steel frame, reinforced concrete, and concrete arch) were used. Twin cast-iron tunnels were built under the Harlem River tunnel; each measured  long, with an interior diameter of , and were connected by a vertical cast iron diaphragm. The two tubes were surrounded by a layer of concrete measuring at least  thick, while the roof was covered by a layer of concrete  thick. An order issued by the United States War Department required that the top of the subway tunnel be at least  below the tide level of the river. As a result, the tubes sloped downward at a 3 percent grade on either side of the river; these were the steepest sections of track built in Contract 1. Since the river bed contained clay, silt, and irregular rock, it could not be excavated using a conventional shield. Instead, the contractor suggested building a submerged rectangular cofferdam extending from the shore to the middle of the river, then excavating the riverbed and constructing the tunnel one half at a time. The Chief Engineer of the Rapid Transit Commission agreed to permit this method of tunnel construction, and work on the Harlem River tunnel began from the west side of the river in June 1901.

Paragraph 45: In October 1954, he was sentenced to death for economic sabotage, but, after appealing to the PCR leaders, he had his sentence commuted to life imprisonment and hard labour, and died 9 years later in detention at Aiud Prison, having been kept in almost complete isolation. After his imprisonment, he wrote several letters to Gheorghiu-Dej, in which he continued to plead his innocence; it is not known if the addressee ever replied to Luca personally, but he would usually add derogatory comments to the margin of each letter. In one of those letters (dated April 20, 1956), Luca argued against his conviction for economic sabotage, saying that all the decisions he took were under the guidance and supervision of the Soviet counsellor at the ministry, and the legislation that he had worked on had been approved by the PCR (including Gheorghiu-Dej himself). Twenty-nine of Luca's present and former collaborators — from the Finance Ministry employees and from Centrocoop — were also arrested at the time. They were all subjected to torture. Alexandru Iacob, the deputy finance minister, received 20 years of forced labor; Ivan Solymos, vice-president of Centrocoop, was sentenced to 15, while Dumitru Cernicica, the Centrocoop first vice-president, was condemned to 3 years of corrective jail. For a while Luca and Iacob were detained at Râmnicu Sărat Prison.

Paragraph 46: At some stage she passed her level I national law exams, but she never progressed to level II.     In 1970 she found an administrative job in the lawyer's office run by Horst Mahler, at that time the ideological head of the newly formed RAF.   She soon joined up and undertook administrative work on behalf of the terrorist group:  Berberich rented houses and apartments for use in RAF operations.   With others she was involved in preparations for the release from prison of Andreas Baader which took place on 14 May 1970.   The plot succeeded in that Andreas Baader was indeed freed from the Research Institute for Social Questions in Berlin-Dahlem where he had been sent on a rehabilitation-secondment from prison.   The plan failed, however, to the extent that in the confusion involved in freeing Baader, Georg Linke, a 62 year old institute librarian, was shot by the accomplice with the guns and his liver badly injured.  (Fortunately Linke would survive the injury.)   Unbeknown to the research institute, Baader had an accomplice working "on the inside" in the form of the radical journalist Ulrike Meinhof:  she had been expected by the group to remain at the institute following Baader's "liberation", and then provide media reports supportive of her escaped RAF comrades.   After the near-fatal shooting Meinhof seems to have had a sudden change of plan, and she herself escaped by leaping through a window and joining the others in the getaway car.   She now "disappeared underground".   Directly after Meinhof's disappearance it was Monika Berberich who collected her friend's seven year old twin daughters from the zoo (a meeting point pre-arranged with the comrade who had collected the girls from the Bremen apartment where they had been sent before the operation to free Baader reached it denouement), and drove with the children through France and Italy to the "barracks camp" on the side of Mount Etna which had originally been constructed as emergency accommodation for people made homeless by a volcanic eruption, and where now Andreas Baader and other comrades were hiding.

Paragraph 47: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the AFL announced that the 2020 fixture would be reduced from 23 rounds to 17. The first five rounds of the revised 2020 AFL fixture were announced by the AFL on 25 May. Due to COVID-19, players are required to follow strict guidelines and avoid contact with the wider public as part of the conditions set by the government and AFL to allow resumption of the competition. Rounds six and seven are expected to be announced following the conclusion of Round three. On 29 June the AFL announced that the Saints' round 5 game with Carlton was rescheduled from Saturday 4th (at the MCG) to Thursday 2 June (at Docklands). This was due to additional restrictions being placed on Victorian teams flying to Queensland following a spike in Coronavirus cases in Victoria in late June, resulting in the need to again adjust the fixture. On 3 July the AFL announced a significant fixture change along with a relocation of the Saints to a 'hub' in the Queensland region of Noosa, possibly for the remainder of the season. This was due to a deteriorating COVID-19 situation in Victoria. The Saints' revised round six and seven fixtures (against Geelong at the Docklands on the 9th and Port Adelaide on the 19th also at Docklands) were replaced with matches against Fremantle and Adelaide in Queensland and South Australia respectively. The change in fixture coincided with the  relocation of all 10 Victorian teams to 'hubs' in Sydney and south-east Queensland. Due to the status of the Saints of a relatively young side, with few players having spouses or children, it was theorised that the temporary relocation would give them an edge over older sides, whose players had been demoralised as a result of having to leave their families behind In order to continue playing. On Monday 13 July, the AFL announced the Round 8 fixture. On 24 July the Saints announced that veteran defender Nathan Brown would leave the team's Queensland hub to return to Melbourne for family reasons. Brown's decision was fully supported by the club with Simon Lethlean saying that "he is such a respected member of our team and the spiritual leader of the connection, culture and standards that we are building here at the Saints. The players and staff love the big fella and we will miss him – but he has made the right call for him and his family, and we are very proud of him for that."

Paragraph 48: Born in Patiya, Bachchu came to Chittagong with his family in the early 1970s. His first band name was "Spider" (Which is the first band of Chittagong city). He joined a band named "Spider" in 1974. He played with "Spider" band as a main lead guitarist from year 1974 to 1977. Than he formed his first band "Ugly Boys" in 1977, while studying in high school and joined rock band Feelings (Now known as Nagar Baul) as the guitarist the same year. He played in the band from 1977 to 1980. In 1980, he joined the band Souls where he played for ten years and appeared in four studio albums including Super Souls (1982), College Er Corridore (1985), Manush Matir Kachakachi (1987) and East and West (1988). In 1991, he left the band to form his own band LRB, where he was the vocalist and guitarist for 27 years, until his death in 2018. He released the first ever double album: LRB I and LRB II in 1992, with the band. LRB's third studio album was Shukh, which featured "Cholo Bodle Jai", one of the greatest rock songs in Bangladesh. He also received great success as a solo artist. His first solo album Rokto Golap was released in September 1986. He got his breakthrough by releasing albums like Moyna (1988) and Koshto (1995) which received great success. He released only one instrumental rock album in his career: Sound of Silence (2007), which is the first ever instrumental album in Bangladesh.