Paragraph 1: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 2: Bryan Durham of The Times of India gave the album 4 out of 5 and summarized, "In totality, it also needs to be said that if Rahman's music is the language of this film, it would be quite short on a vocabulary without Irshad Kamil's beautiful lyrics." Jyoti Prakash of Indian Box Office Online also gave it 4.5 out of 5 stars and said, "The music of Raanjhanaa is of supreme quality. A typical AR Rahman album which is romantic and entertaining yet pure and divine." Music Aloud critic Vipin assigned the soundtrack 8 out of 10 and noted, "A mixed bag from ARR that is more urbane than folk-classical." Kaushik Ramesh of Planet Bollywood gave the album 7/10. Calling it very experimental, he said, "Be it the innovative vocal shehnai of 'Ay Sakhi' or Rabbi's attitude laden 'Tu Mun Shudi', the entire album presents immense freshness." Rumnique Nannar of Bollyspice gave the album 4.5/5 stars and wrote, "Raanjhanaa is a brilliant return to form and originality for A. R. Rahman, who proves his detractors wrong with an album that captures the energy of its city and its lovestruck Raanjhana. The songs may just take time to grow on the listener, but that's the joy in it, to savour all of the arrangements and voices that add up to a terrific and rustic album for the ages." Sakhayan Ghosh of The Indian Express summarized, "Irshad Kamil's lyrics provide a perfect foil to the music. And this is Rahman's finest turn since Rockstar, seeing the maestro enter exciting new musical territories." He gave the album 4 out of 5. Joginder Tuteja at Movie Talkies claimed, "There were good expectations from the music of Raanjhanaa and they are pretty much met (and at places even exceeded) with A. R. Rahman, Irshad Kamil and their singers coming together well to meet the shared vision that was spearheaded by the makers." He gave the album 3.5 out of 5 and added that the music "works quite well as a packaged affair". IANS gave it 3.5 out of 5 stars and observed, "Like any other album, the music of Raanjhanaa has few low points, but otherwise it is thoroughly entertaining." At Koimoi, critic Manohar Basu rated the album 3 on 5 and noted, "Very unlikely to be a Rahman composition, the music yet again lacks a soul stirring capability which made him a maverick once! Technically it is both brilliant and fine but the midas touch of the musician is strikingly missing." The critics review board at Behindwoods called it a "joyous wonder from Rahman" and gave it 3.5 out of 5.

Paragraph 3: October 28 – Led by Steve Pearce and David Price, the Boston Red Sox ended the World Series in five games with a 5–1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Winners of a franchise-record 108 games during the season, the Red Sox buried the AL East Division across six months and claimed 11 more victories in the playoffs, knocking off the 100-win New York Yankees in the ALDS, the defending World Series champion Houston Astros in the ALCS,  and the two-time NL champion Dodgers in the Fall Classic, while losing just one game in each round. Pearce hit a two-run home run off Clayton Kershaw in the top of the first inning, and the Red Sox took a lead they would never give back. Solo homers by Mookie Betts in the sixth inning and J. D. Martinez in the seventh quieted the Dodger Stadium crowd, while Pearce struck again with a solo shot off Pedro Báez to make it 5–1 in the eighth. Those homers came just a day after Pearce crushed a tying home run in the eighth inning of Game 4, followed by a three-run double that broke the game open in the ninth. Price limited the Dodgers to a solo homer by David Freese on his first pitch and otherwise shut them down over seven-plus innings, allowing just two more hits, striking out five and walking two, while retiring 14 in a row before giving a leadoff walk in the eighth inning. Price was followed by Joe Kelly, who struck out three straight pinch hitters, and Chris Sale, who was originally scheduled to start an eventual Game 5. But Sale finished off the Dodgers in style, striking out the side in the ninth and Manny Machado swinging to end it. Pierce earned World Series MVP honors by collecting four hits— three homers and a double in 12 at bats – along with eight RBI and five runs scored. Boston manager Alex Cora became the first Puerto Rican to lead a team to the World Series, as well as the second Latino manager to do it in the Series. The Venezuelan Ozzie Guillén became the first when he led the Chicago White Sox to the title in 2005. With their victory in the World Series, the Red Sox secured their ninth championship title, tying the Philadelphia/Oakland Athletics franchise for the third most in MLB history behind the New York Yankees (27) and St. Louis Cardinals (11). But the Red Sox have come on strong in recent years, winning four titles in a span of 15 seasons from 2004 through 2018. As a result, they are the first MLB club to win four World Series titles in the 21st century. 

Paragraph 4: The 1915 Panama-California Exposition in Balboa Park spurred the next phase of transportation growth. A new electric car line was constructed up 12th Street to the park's entrance with 101 new cars from the St. Louis Car Company, and the Adams Avenue operating division was established in Normal Heights. San Diego's original Victorian style train depot was demolished and replaced with a new Mission Revival Style Santa Fe depot building. The SDERy logged 3,521,571 car miles. The "Great Flood" in 1916 caused significant damage, washing out several rail lines. World War I increased the cost of railway construction materials by 50 to 150 percent. There was a significant increase in the private ownership of automobiles, and the SDERy began to lose revenue to private "Jitney Buses". On November 15, 1919, the "golden spike" was driven and construction of the SD&A was ceremonially completed at a cost of $18 million (three times the original estimate). Spreckels announced plans in 1920 to discontinue service on several rail lines to offset expenses, leading to approval of "zone fares". The SDERy purchased new streetcars that requires only one driver/conductor instead of two; older cars were retrofitted to reduce labor costs. Spreckels sold his power generating plants to the Consolidated Gas and Electric Company.

Paragraph 5: Vasily Bartold argues that by the 19th century those described as "Sarts" had become much more Turkicised than had previously been the case. In the literature of Imperial Russia in the 19th century the term was sometimes used to denote the Turkic-speaking peoples of Ferghana, Tashkent, Chimkent and the Southern Syr Darya Province, (also found in smaller numbers in Samarkand and Bukhara). "Sart" was also commonly employed by the Russians as a general term for all the settled natives of Turkestan. There was a great deal of debate over what this actually meant, and where the name came from. Barthold writes that "To the kazakh every member of a settled community was a Sart whether his language was Turkic or Iranian". Nikolai Ostroumov was firm in his conviction that it was not an ethnic definition but an occupational one, and he backed this up by quoting some (apparently common) local sayings: "A bad Kyrgyz becomes a Sart, whilst a bad Sart becomes a Kyrgyz". This confusion reached its peak in the 1897 Russian Empire Census: the Ferghana Province was held to have a very large Sart population, the neighbouring Samarkand Province very few but a great many Uzbeks. The distinction between the two was often far from clear. Although historically speaking the Sarts belonged to older settled groups, whereas the Uzbeks were descended from tribes which arrived in the region with Shaibani Khan in the 16th century. It seems that, in Khorezm at least, Uzbeks spoke a now-extinct Kipchak dialect closer to Kazakh, while Sarts spoke a form of Persianised Oghuz Turkic. In Fergana, the Sarts spoke a Karluk dialect that was very close to modern Uyghur and is believed to be the earlier, historical form of modern Uzbek. In 1924 the Soviet regime decreed that henceforth all settled Turkic-speaking peoples in Central Asia (and many others who spoke Persian such as in Samarkand and Bukhara areas) would be known as "Uzbeks", and that the term "Sart" was to be abolished as an insulting legacy of colonial rule., despite the fact that Lenin himself used the term in his communiques.  For the first few years, however, the language chosen by the Soviet authorities for the new Uzbek SSR was not the modern Uzbek that is found today, but the nomadic, less Persianized and quite exotic dialect of the city of Turkistan in modern Kazakhstan."The Uighurs are the people whom old Russian travellers called Sart (a name which they used for sedentary, Turkic-speaking Central Asians in general), while Western travellers called them Turki, in recognition of their language. The Chinese used to call them Ch'an-t'ou ('Turbaned Heads') but this term has been dropped, being considered derogatory, and the Chinese, using their own pronunciation, now called them Weiwuerh. As a matter of fact there was for centuries no 'national' name for them; people identified themselves with the oasis they came from, like Kashgar or Turfan." This dialect proved itself to be largely incomprehensible to most inhabitants of the primary cities, from Tashkent to Bukhara. It was therefore replaced by the modern, fundamentally Persianized "urban Uzbek" which is consequently the only Turkic language in the world without any vowel harmony.

Paragraph 6: The original vision for Shingwauk Hall in the early 19th century came from  Chief Shingwauk, the chief of the Garden River Ojibway people, as he felt "that the future Ojibway needed to learn the white man's academic method of education in order to survive in what was becoming a 'predominately non-native world with non-native values'". While Chief Shingwauk's vision of a teaching wigwam for his people would not come to fruition in his lifetime, a residential school would eventually receive funding in 1872 from the combined efforts of Chiefs Augustin Shingwauk and Buhkwujjenene Shingwauk (Chief Shingwauk's sons) and the Anglican Missionary, Rev. Edward Francis Wilson.

Paragraph 7: Vasily Bartold argues that by the 19th century those described as "Sarts" had become much more Turkicised than had previously been the case. In the literature of Imperial Russia in the 19th century the term was sometimes used to denote the Turkic-speaking peoples of Ferghana, Tashkent, Chimkent and the Southern Syr Darya Province, (also found in smaller numbers in Samarkand and Bukhara). "Sart" was also commonly employed by the Russians as a general term for all the settled natives of Turkestan. There was a great deal of debate over what this actually meant, and where the name came from. Barthold writes that "To the kazakh every member of a settled community was a Sart whether his language was Turkic or Iranian". Nikolai Ostroumov was firm in his conviction that it was not an ethnic definition but an occupational one, and he backed this up by quoting some (apparently common) local sayings: "A bad Kyrgyz becomes a Sart, whilst a bad Sart becomes a Kyrgyz". This confusion reached its peak in the 1897 Russian Empire Census: the Ferghana Province was held to have a very large Sart population, the neighbouring Samarkand Province very few but a great many Uzbeks. The distinction between the two was often far from clear. Although historically speaking the Sarts belonged to older settled groups, whereas the Uzbeks were descended from tribes which arrived in the region with Shaibani Khan in the 16th century. It seems that, in Khorezm at least, Uzbeks spoke a now-extinct Kipchak dialect closer to Kazakh, while Sarts spoke a form of Persianised Oghuz Turkic. In Fergana, the Sarts spoke a Karluk dialect that was very close to modern Uyghur and is believed to be the earlier, historical form of modern Uzbek. In 1924 the Soviet regime decreed that henceforth all settled Turkic-speaking peoples in Central Asia (and many others who spoke Persian such as in Samarkand and Bukhara areas) would be known as "Uzbeks", and that the term "Sart" was to be abolished as an insulting legacy of colonial rule., despite the fact that Lenin himself used the term in his communiques.  For the first few years, however, the language chosen by the Soviet authorities for the new Uzbek SSR was not the modern Uzbek that is found today, but the nomadic, less Persianized and quite exotic dialect of the city of Turkistan in modern Kazakhstan."The Uighurs are the people whom old Russian travellers called Sart (a name which they used for sedentary, Turkic-speaking Central Asians in general), while Western travellers called them Turki, in recognition of their language. The Chinese used to call them Ch'an-t'ou ('Turbaned Heads') but this term has been dropped, being considered derogatory, and the Chinese, using their own pronunciation, now called them Weiwuerh. As a matter of fact there was for centuries no 'national' name for them; people identified themselves with the oasis they came from, like Kashgar or Turfan." This dialect proved itself to be largely incomprehensible to most inhabitants of the primary cities, from Tashkent to Bukhara. It was therefore replaced by the modern, fundamentally Persianized "urban Uzbek" which is consequently the only Turkic language in the world without any vowel harmony.

Paragraph 8: Vasily Bartold argues that by the 19th century those described as "Sarts" had become much more Turkicised than had previously been the case. In the literature of Imperial Russia in the 19th century the term was sometimes used to denote the Turkic-speaking peoples of Ferghana, Tashkent, Chimkent and the Southern Syr Darya Province, (also found in smaller numbers in Samarkand and Bukhara). "Sart" was also commonly employed by the Russians as a general term for all the settled natives of Turkestan. There was a great deal of debate over what this actually meant, and where the name came from. Barthold writes that "To the kazakh every member of a settled community was a Sart whether his language was Turkic or Iranian". Nikolai Ostroumov was firm in his conviction that it was not an ethnic definition but an occupational one, and he backed this up by quoting some (apparently common) local sayings: "A bad Kyrgyz becomes a Sart, whilst a bad Sart becomes a Kyrgyz". This confusion reached its peak in the 1897 Russian Empire Census: the Ferghana Province was held to have a very large Sart population, the neighbouring Samarkand Province very few but a great many Uzbeks. The distinction between the two was often far from clear. Although historically speaking the Sarts belonged to older settled groups, whereas the Uzbeks were descended from tribes which arrived in the region with Shaibani Khan in the 16th century. It seems that, in Khorezm at least, Uzbeks spoke a now-extinct Kipchak dialect closer to Kazakh, while Sarts spoke a form of Persianised Oghuz Turkic. In Fergana, the Sarts spoke a Karluk dialect that was very close to modern Uyghur and is believed to be the earlier, historical form of modern Uzbek. In 1924 the Soviet regime decreed that henceforth all settled Turkic-speaking peoples in Central Asia (and many others who spoke Persian such as in Samarkand and Bukhara areas) would be known as "Uzbeks", and that the term "Sart" was to be abolished as an insulting legacy of colonial rule., despite the fact that Lenin himself used the term in his communiques.  For the first few years, however, the language chosen by the Soviet authorities for the new Uzbek SSR was not the modern Uzbek that is found today, but the nomadic, less Persianized and quite exotic dialect of the city of Turkistan in modern Kazakhstan."The Uighurs are the people whom old Russian travellers called Sart (a name which they used for sedentary, Turkic-speaking Central Asians in general), while Western travellers called them Turki, in recognition of their language. The Chinese used to call them Ch'an-t'ou ('Turbaned Heads') but this term has been dropped, being considered derogatory, and the Chinese, using their own pronunciation, now called them Weiwuerh. As a matter of fact there was for centuries no 'national' name for them; people identified themselves with the oasis they came from, like Kashgar or Turfan." This dialect proved itself to be largely incomprehensible to most inhabitants of the primary cities, from Tashkent to Bukhara. It was therefore replaced by the modern, fundamentally Persianized "urban Uzbek" which is consequently the only Turkic language in the world without any vowel harmony.

Paragraph 9: In housing policy, a shift of emphasis in housing policy towards rehabilitation was evident in the further increase in the number of General Improvement Areas and the number of Housing Action Areas declared. An Act of March 1977 makes provision, for a limited period, for benefits to be paid from the age of 64 to workers who agree to retire in order to free jobs for young unemployed people, in response to the rise of youth unemployment. A number of other improvements were introduced in 1977, with Attendance Allowances extended to cover disabled foster children and non-contributory disablement pensions extended to married women whose invalidity prevented them from carrying out their household tasks. In January 1977, regulations were issued which brought about a change in the administration of legislation governing fire precautions at places of work. Under these regulations the Health and Safety Executive retained full responsibility for fire safety in certain 'special' premises such as nuclear installations, coalmines and chemical plants, whereas responsibility for general fire precautions at places of work was transferred to local fire authorities. A number of new services and benefits for disabled people were also introduced. A Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension in lieu of ‘pocket money’ allowance for long-stay patients in mental hospitals was introduced. The therapeutic earnings limit for recipients of Invalidity Pension, Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension and Unemployability Supplement was raised while the Private Car Maintenance Allowance for War Pensioners was increased. From the 29th of August 1977, Attendance Allowance became payable to foster parents of disabled children, and was also extended to kidney patients dialysing at home. Industrial injury provisions for occupational deafness were introduced, and viral hepatitis and Vinyl Chloride Monomer induced diseases were prescribed as industrial diseases. Easing of conditions for entitlement to industrial death benefit in certain cases of death from pulmonary disease was carried out. £12.1 million was paid to the Rowntree Trust Family Fund for disabled children, while the terms of reference of the Rowntree Trust Family Fund were extended to include all severely disabled children. Limited right of appeal on diagnosis of pneumoconiosis was also introduced. A phasing in of a new behind-the-ear hearing aid for up 1 million hearing impaired people was carried out. Special hearing aids for children and young people were introduced. Audiology services were developed, Hearing Therapists were introduced, and the Blind Person’s tax allowance was increased. Improvements were made to the wheel-chair service, while further parking concessions were made for all ‘Orange Badge’ holders. In addition, the ‘Orange Badge’ scheme was extended to include the blind, and concessions to ‘Orange Badge’ holders at most tolled crossings were introduced. The petrol allowance was also restored and doubled for drivers of government-supplied invalid vehicles. Another measure was the extension of exemption from Road Tax (vehicle excise duty) to Mobility Allowance beneficiaries or their nominees. Concessionary fares for disabled people were introduced, along with a discretionary allowance of up to £160 to disabled students whose disability led to additional expenses in connection with their studies. Improved provision for the needs of disabled people in educational establishments was carried out, and a scheme of grants was made to employers “towards the cost of adaptations to premises or equipment made to enable disabled individuals to obtain, or retain, employment.” The 4th of July 1977 saw the inception of an experimental Job Introduction Scheme “to provide financial assistance enabling certain disabled people to undertake a trial period of employment with an employer, where there is reasonable doubt as to the person’s ability to perform a particular job.” On the 5th of July 1978 a revised and simplified scheme designed to help severely disabled people with their travel-to-work costs was introduced. Increased allowances were paid to people going on employment rehabilitation courses, while under the MSC Special Programme for young people additional opportunities were provided at Employment Rehabilitation Centres for disabled young people. A Release for Training (RFT) scheme was introduced for disabled people already in employment “but experiencing problems which can only be resolved by a period of intensive training.”  District Handicap Teams were set up, the War Pensioners’ visiting scheme was extended, and zero rating of VAT was introduced “on aids and appliances for disabled people and also on medical equipment for donation to a hospital for the purpose of treatment or research.” New arrangements were introduced for dental treatment of disabled patients, and special concessionary TV license arrangements were extended for people in old people’s homes.

Paragraph 10: The cuisine of the Tagalog people varies by province. Bulacan is popular for Chicharrón (pork rinds) and steamed rice and tuber cakes like puto. It is a center for panghimagas or desserts, like brown rice cake or kutsinta, sapin-sapin, suman, cassava cake, ube halaya and the king of sweets, in San Miguel, Bulacan, the famous carabao milk candy pastillas de leche, with its pabalat wrapper. Cainta, in Rizal province east of Manila, is known for its Filipino rice cakes and puddings. These are usually topped with latik, a mixture of coconut milk and brown sugar, reduced to a dry crumbly texture. A more modern, and time saving alternative to latik are coconut flakes toasted in a frying pan. Antipolo, straddled mid-level in the mountainous regions of the Philippine Sierra Madre, is a town known for its suman and cashew products. Laguna is known for buko pie (coconut pie) and panutsa (peanut brittle). Batangas is home to Taal Lake, a body of water that surrounds Taal Volcano. The lake is home to 75 species of freshwater fish, including landlocked marine species that have since adapted to the Taal lake environment. Eight of these species are of high commercial value. These include a population of giant trevally locally known as maliputo which is distinguished from their marine counterparts which are known as talakitok. Another commercially important species is the tawilis, the only known freshwater sardine and endemic to the lake. Batangas is also known for its special coffee, kapeng barako. Quezon, especially the town of Lucban, is also known for its culinary dishes, with Lucban longganisa, pancit habhab, and hardinera being the most notable. The influence of coconut milk dishes, such as laing (called tinuto in some places in Quezon) and sinantol, is also felt in the province because of its proximity to Bicol. Suman is also a notable food in the province, especially in the town of Infanta and the city of Tayabas, though having the same ingredients as the one in Antipolo, the things that makes Infanta and Tayabas suman unique is its packaging and size; Infanta's suman is smaller in size and is usually grouped into 20 per pack, while Tayabas' suman is also unique in packaging, with a long tail that makes it look like a lit candle, in connection to its tradition of throwing suman during the feast of the city's patron, Isidore the Laborer.

Paragraph 11: The precise borders of traditional Gooreng Gooreng lands have been disputed. Walter Roth, while collecting data on their language in the later 19th century, placed them in Camboon Rawbelle where their main camp was at that time, Jiggings". Norman Tindale distinguished them from a Goeng Meerooni Coastal people (1770/Agnes) and defined their land as extending over  and embracing the eastern bank of the upper Burnett River from Mundubbera north to Callide Ranges Queensland and East to Mt Perry Ranges and  Many Peaks. It is possible that a confusion arose, taking two distinct dialect forms of the one cultural complex, to denote distinct and separate realities, with the Gureng Gureng taken to be an inland tribe, and the Goeng (Meerooni) denoting their affines on the coast. A recent survey of the available evidence concludes that the Goreng goring's lands encompassed the "whole of Boyne Valley to Auburn NoGo Callide Cania Ranges No Coastal Reef Dialect Language exists as Kooreng Gooreng Gooreng Gooreng are inland Freshwater People

Paragraph 12: Returning crews reported a successful attack  and Guy Gibson's official report next day, and his subsequent account of 'one of the greatest low-level daylight raids of the war', were celebratory, as wartime morale required, but one of Gibson's flight commanders, Squadron Leader John Searby, later wrote that 'Le Creusot was a profound disappointment and he said as much on his return.' Post-strike photographs took some time to obtain. For several days the weather was unsuitable. Then, on 21 October, the photo-reconnaissance Spitfire was shot down over the target. The pilot, Flight Lieutenant Tony Hill, famed in intelligence circles for his low-level pictures of German radar installations, was pulled alive from the wreckage, but soon died of his injuries. Eventually another Spitfire made a successful run. The pictures showed that Searby's misgivings were justified and that much of the bombing had fallen short on to the workers' housing. Even so, there was considerable damage to the general machine shops and locomotive machine shops, the steel sheet and bar mills and a 650ft warehouse which was completely destroyed. Production at the Schneider Works was halted for three weeks, and repairs continued on the plant for eight months. The raid had been well executed in most respects. The navigation by Wing Commander Slee's navigator, Pilot Officer A S Grant, was perfect. However bombing accuracy had been poor. Bomber Command's Operational Research Section 'thought this was partly attributable to the failing light and the smoke which soon began to drift across the target, but they also thought that the tactics adopted had been inappropriate and that the bomb sights had not been properly used. They suggested that the outcome was the penalty of employing night crews in complex daylight operations without giving them more than a few days' training.' Crews had been ordered to climb and accelerate immediately before target, which made it impossible to set the Mark IX Course Setting Bomb Sight correctly, since this sight required a long, straight and level run-up to target in order to calculate the drift and could not adjust for the aircraft's attitude. Even at fairly low height, the bombs had to be released more than a mile short of target, to allow for forward travel on the drop, and the calculations were complex. The much more advanced, computerised and gyro-stabilised Mark XIV bomb sight, with automatic input from the aircraft's flight instruments, only entered squadron service some months later. Additionally, the bombers were under-armed, carrying less than 4,000lb each, as the Lancaster's exceptional load-carrying ability was still not fully recognised. The following month, the Lancaster's official all-up (maximum take-off) weight was increased from 60,000lb to 63,000lb, and after mid-1943, when the limit was raised to 65,000lb, Lancasters would seldom carry less than an 8,000lb bomb load, even when fully fuelled to 2,154 gallons for maximum range. After the eight months of repair works on the Schneider plant at Le Creusot had been completed, on 19/20 June 1943 Bomber Command struck again, this time in greater strength and at night: 290 bombers, mostly Halifaxes and Stirlings, attacked, about 20 per cent of the bombloads hitting the Schneider plant. Residential areas suffered heavy damage. The following night, Leonard Slee, by now a group captain, would lead Operation Bellicose, an attack by 5 and 8 Groups on a German radar factory at Friedrichshafen, with considerable success.

Paragraph 13: Accounts of the success of the opera vary greatly.  The Mercure Galant states that the opera was extremely well received; that audiences were enthralled by Lully's music as always and that they would never have guessed that Corneille had composed the libretto in so little time as three weeks.  On the other hand, the Frères Parfraict in their Histoire de l'académie royale de musique claim that the opera is "irremediably cold" and that "the diabolical character of Venus ruins what little galantry there is to be found" in it.  These reports are both equally difficult to believe when one considers, on the one hand, that Thomas Corneille was one of the chief editors of the Mercure Galant and, on the other hand, in what contempt the Parfaict brothers held all authors of the 17th century other than Pierre Corneille, Molière, Jean Racine and, for opera, Philippe Quinault.  Might they have felt obligated to condemn Thomas Corneille's libretto out of fidelity to his brother, Molière and most of all Quinault whose place Thomas Corneille may have thought he was usurping indefinitely?  The Parfaict brothers' attitude seems to have remained the dominant one since the 18th century. Robert Fajon, in his Opéra à Paris du Roi Soleil à Louis le Bien-Aimé, even goes so far as to accuse Thomas Corneille of being responsible for Lully's only operatic failure.  Concretely, however, none of Lully's operas were a failure.  Their success continued to daunt operatic composers well into the 18th century.  It is true that Psyché, unlike many of Lully's operas, was not created at court and was only revived twice (once in 1703 and again in 1713).  Thésée, by comparison was revived ten times and remained in the repertoire of the Académie royale de musique until 1744.

Paragraph 14: In 2007–2008, the story of an andong pocong surfaced in Sidoarjo, East Java, where the ghost was depicted as a lone pocong riding a carriage drawn by a ghostly horse. The arrival of the andong pocong is heralded with a sound of eerie bells. The ghost would knock on the doors of people's homes during the darkest hours of the night, and those who answer to the door would be afflicted by a mysterious illness before dying a few days later. The andong pocong story originated from the story of a newly-wed groom who was killed in a freak accident involving a horse carriage, but some people also linked the andong pocong to the usage of black magic.Pocong Merah or red shroud ghost is arguably the most feared pocong variant due to its violent and dangerous nature, despite of its rarity. It is said to be born out of a person who wished to seek revenge for an unpleasant death, making it more akin to a vengeful spirit often found in many folklores in the West. The red color of this pocong's shroud is associated with the feeling of bitterness, anger, and vengeance felt by the person during the final moments of life. Of all variants of pocongs, the red pocong is believed to be more likely to attack the living on sight and without provocation. Because of this, many believe the red pocongs are kings, or leaders of some sort, of a colony of pocongs.In the rural parts of Yogyakarta, there is a river known as Code River which is said to be inhabited by a massive colony of pocongs numbering in the thousands. The colony itself is led by a very peculiar red pocong, who lived as an early 20th century local shaman specializing in black magic. According to the story, the shaman's shady lifestyle and practices greatly disturbed the villagers living in the same village. So much so that one day they decided that they would not tolerate him any longer, and so they hunted him down, murdered him in cold blood, and mutilated his body. The body parts were latter wrapped in large white shroud, which later turned red because of the blood from the shaman's body, and buried somewhere in a pine forest near the riverbank. In death, the shaman swore revenge on the villagers who had slaughtered him in cold blood, and so his vengeful spirit, alongside thousands of pocongs he has 'recruited' over the years, has been haunting the Code River to this very day.

Paragraph 15: Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times reviewed the episode "Vitamin D" positively, praising the focus it gave Artie: "Until now, the wheelchair-bound character has served mostly as a punchline. Last night, he got a much-deserved moment in the spotlight, and he rolled with it, doing his best Richie Sambora on the talk box, then taking lead vocals on the Usher track." The episode "Wheels", which placed focus on Artie and his disability, drew criticism from a committee of performers with disabilities, who felt that casting a non-disabled actor to play a disabled student was inappropriate. CSI star Robert David Hall commented, "I think there's a fear of litigation, that a person with disabilities might slow a production down, fear that viewers might be uncomfortable." Glee creator Brad Falchuk responded that while he understood the concern and frustration of disability advocates, McHale had the singing and acting ability and charisma required for the role and "it's hard to say no to someone that talented". McHale has stated that he is pleased to represent a character in a wheelchair, and that "I think what's great about it is just because he's in a wheelchair, he can still do what everyone else does." Kristin Dos Santos of E! Online refuted criticism of the episode, opining that: "'Wheels' is all about empowering people with disabilities and sends out an uplifting message to the disabled community." Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: "Here we have an episode bluntly addressing the complexities of disability and doing so with so much respect and dignity, and there are complaints about Artie not being wheelchair-bound  in real life? Cooooome on, guys." Despite playing a wheelchair user, he is actually one of the best dancers on the set, he was able to showcase his dancing skills in the 1x19 episode "Dream On", in which Artie imagines dancing with his Glee club friends and shoppers in a flash mob singing "Safety Dance" at a mall. He also showcases his dancing skills in the episode Michael, in which Artie imagines dancing and singing "Scream" along with Mike Chang (Harry Shum Jr.) in a remade "Scream" music video, and the episode Glee, Actually, in which Artie dreams about never being in a wheelchair, realizes that the lives of his friends have changed for the worse, and decides to found his own glee club, singing and dancing to Feliz Navidad.

Paragraph 16: The second quatrain continues this trend of excuses with subtler wording.  "Gentle thou art" suggests that the youth is of noble birth, and courted by many as a result.  Alexander writes that it also suggests that the youth is not "rough and uncouth, but kind," and is therefore more likely to attract sexual attention and be too kind to turn it away.  Note the proverb used twice by Shakespeare, "She's beautiful; and therefore to be Wooed: /She is a Woman; therefore to be Wonne," (Henry VI, 5.3.78-79) and "Shee is a woman, therefore may be woo'd, /Shee is a woman, therefore may be wonne," (Titus Andronicus, 2.1.83-84) altered slightly in lines 5-6 of the sonnet.  Atkins calls lines 5-6 here, "An intensified (not 'woo' but assail) and significantly perverse variant on the topic (women) and order (first woo then win) of a popular proverb."  The final excuse for the youth's infidelity is that no man can resist the advances of a woman.  Alexander argues that the observation that end the first eight lines of the poem is much more pointed than that.  "To imply that men cannot be expected to resist women because their mothers were women is such nonsense that it is an excuse which excuses nothing."  Most early editors emend the "he" to "she" in line eight, with the suggestion by Thomas Tyrwhitt that "the lady, and not the man, being in this case supposed the wooer, the poet without doubt wrote...she."  However, modern editors follow more in line with Martin Seymour-Smith who notes: "The man 'prevails' in the sexual sense...so that the usual emendation 'she' for 'he' is unnecessary and wrong.  The woman wants the man to prevail."  Regarding lines 7–8, Duncan-Jones remarks: "Though this sounds like an obvious truism, Shakespeare's first published work, (Venus and Adonis), described a 'woman's son', Adonis, who refuses the advances of the goddess of love."

Paragraph 17: The theories of Ubaghs are contained in a vast collection of treatises on which he expended the best years of his life. Editions followed one another as the range of his teaching widened. Ubaghs clearly affirmed the fundamental thesis of Traditionalism: the acquisition of metaphysical and moral truths is inexplicable without a primitive Divine teaching and its oral transmission. Social teaching is a natural law, a condition so necessary that without a miracle man could not, except through it, attain the explicit knowledge of truths of a metaphysical and a moral order. Teaching and language are not merely a psychological medium which favours the acquisition of these truths; their action is determinant. Hence the primordial act of man is an act of faith; the authority of others becomes the basis of certitude. The question arises: Is our adherence to the fundamental truths of the speculative and moral order blind; and, is the existence of God, which is one of them, impossible of rational demonstration? Ubaghs did not go as far as this; his Traditionalism was mitigated, a semi-Traditionalism; once teaching has awakened ideas in us and transmitted the maxims (ordo acquisitionis) reason is able and apt to comprehend them. Though powerless to discover them it is regarded as being capable of demonstrating them once they have been made known to it. One of his favourite comparisons admirably states the problem: "As the word 'view' chiefly expresses four things, the faculty of seeing, the act of seeing, the object seen, e.g. a landscape, and the drawing an artist makes of this object, so we give the name idea, which is derived from the former, chiefly to four different things: the faculty of knowing rationally, the act of rational knowledge, the object of this knowledge, the intellectual copy or formula which we make of this object in conceiving it" (Psychologie, 5th ed., 1857, 41–42). Now, the objective idea, or object-idea (third acceptation), in other words, the intelligible which we contemplate, and contact with which produces within us the intellectual formula (notion), is "something Divine" or, rather, it is God himself. This is the core of ontologism. The intelligence contemplates God directly and beholds in Him the truths or "objective ideas" of which our knowledge is a weak reflection. Assuredly, if Ubaghs is right, skepticism is definitively overcome. Likewise if teaching plays in the physical life the part he assigns to it, the same is true of every doctrine which asserts the original independence of reason and which Ubaghs calls rationalism. But this so-called triumph was purchased at the cost of many errors. It is, to say the least, strange that on the one hand Traditionalist Ontologism is based on a distrust of reason, and on the other hand it endows reason with unjustifiable prerogatives. Surely it is an incredible audacity to set man face to face with the Divine essence and to attribute to his weak mind the immediate perception of the eternal and immutable verities.

Paragraph 18: The history of Ghazl El Mahalla testifies with a lot of achievements, the club won the Egyptian Premier League in the 1972–73 season under the command of the golden generation of the club, and among its legends are Mohammed Al-Siyagi, Abdul Rahim Khalil, Muhammad Amasha, Mahmoud Abdel Dayem, and Abdul Sattar Ali. And, the club reached the final of the African Cup of Champions Clubs (Later known as CAF Champions League) in 1974 but suffered a shocking defeat at the hands of the Congolese club CARA Brazzaville. The club participated in the African Cup of Champions Clubs (Later known as CAF Champions League) the following season in 1975 but was eliminated in the semi-finals, this marked the only two participations of Ghazl El Mahalla in the most prestigious club competition in the African continent, the CAF Champions League. The only other participation of the club in an African competition was in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 2002 where it got eliminated in the quarter-finals. The club was runner-up in the 1975–76 season of the Egyptian Premier League. And, managed to reach the final of the Egypt Cup six times but fortune did not favor it in any of them and the club was never able to win the Cup. The club was also runner-up at the inaugural Egyptian Super Cup in 2001 participating as Egypt Cup runner-up after Egypt Cup champions Ismaily SC withdrew from the competition. The club participated in the 1995 Arab Cup Winners' Cup, which was held in Tunisia, where it achieved third place. The club also participated in the 2004–05 Arab Champions League but got eliminated from the group stage after ending up in the fourth spot in Group B of the competition, this marked the only two participations of Ghazl El Mahalla in Arab competitions.

Paragraph 19: Puck makes infrequent guest appearances starting from this season. Puck is devastated by Finn's death. In "The Quarterback", three weeks after the funeral, he steals a memorial tree planted for Finn and demands that Kurt, Finn's stepbrother, give him Finn's football jacket. Coach Beiste takes him to task for being drunk regularly after so many weeks, and the two mourn Finn together, but Beiste tells him he has to guide his own life without Finn's help, and asks him to replant the tree. When he later does so, he tells her that he intends to join the Air Force. In "100" Now in the Air Force, Puck comes back to McKinley to say goodbye to the Glee Club before it is disbanded. He sees Quinn and the two of them have a conversation. He is about to tell Quinn that he still has feelings for her when her boyfriend, Biff McIntosh, shows up and shows Puck that he is rude. Puck sings Avril Lavigne's song Keep Holding On to her hoping that this would win her heart, but she turns him down stating that she loves Biff. Later, Quinn and Biff are having dinner at Breadsticks when Santana, Puck, Mike, and Artie show up. They sit with Quinn at her table and Biff reveals that he doesn't know any thing about Quinn's past. Her friends tell her about her behavior in the episode The Purple Piano Project. Quinn asks Biff to get something out of the car for her and after he leaves, she asks her friends not to mention anything to Biff since she is ashamed of her past. Puck asks her if she is ever going to tell him about their relationship and their daughter, Beth, and she says that she will eventually. This somewhat angers Puck as he tells her that she can't hide from the past and should embrace it. A few days later, Puck is hanging by the school buses when he hears Quinn and Biff fighting. Biff becomes angry with her at the fact that she kept so much from him, including having a baby with Puck. He calls her a slut, causing Puck to snap and punch him. Biff punches Puck back, causing Puck to punch him once more and then throws him into the dumpster. He then tells Quinn that she can help Biff out of the dumpster or join her real friends in the choir room. Later, Puck and Quinn are in the locker room looking at Finn's plaque. Quinn tells Puck that Biff went back to Yale by himself, and the relationship is over. Puck reveals that he still has feelings for her and wants to get back together. Quinn tells Puck that she isn't going to look back to her past, as she wants to look into her future. Puck leaves the locker room heartbroken and storms down the hallway when Quinn runs after him and kisses him, agreeing to give their relationship another chance.

Paragraph 20: Puck makes infrequent guest appearances starting from this season. Puck is devastated by Finn's death. In "The Quarterback", three weeks after the funeral, he steals a memorial tree planted for Finn and demands that Kurt, Finn's stepbrother, give him Finn's football jacket. Coach Beiste takes him to task for being drunk regularly after so many weeks, and the two mourn Finn together, but Beiste tells him he has to guide his own life without Finn's help, and asks him to replant the tree. When he later does so, he tells her that he intends to join the Air Force. In "100" Now in the Air Force, Puck comes back to McKinley to say goodbye to the Glee Club before it is disbanded. He sees Quinn and the two of them have a conversation. He is about to tell Quinn that he still has feelings for her when her boyfriend, Biff McIntosh, shows up and shows Puck that he is rude. Puck sings Avril Lavigne's song Keep Holding On to her hoping that this would win her heart, but she turns him down stating that she loves Biff. Later, Quinn and Biff are having dinner at Breadsticks when Santana, Puck, Mike, and Artie show up. They sit with Quinn at her table and Biff reveals that he doesn't know any thing about Quinn's past. Her friends tell her about her behavior in the episode The Purple Piano Project. Quinn asks Biff to get something out of the car for her and after he leaves, she asks her friends not to mention anything to Biff since she is ashamed of her past. Puck asks her if she is ever going to tell him about their relationship and their daughter, Beth, and she says that she will eventually. This somewhat angers Puck as he tells her that she can't hide from the past and should embrace it. A few days later, Puck is hanging by the school buses when he hears Quinn and Biff fighting. Biff becomes angry with her at the fact that she kept so much from him, including having a baby with Puck. He calls her a slut, causing Puck to snap and punch him. Biff punches Puck back, causing Puck to punch him once more and then throws him into the dumpster. He then tells Quinn that she can help Biff out of the dumpster or join her real friends in the choir room. Later, Puck and Quinn are in the locker room looking at Finn's plaque. Quinn tells Puck that Biff went back to Yale by himself, and the relationship is over. Puck reveals that he still has feelings for her and wants to get back together. Quinn tells Puck that she isn't going to look back to her past, as she wants to look into her future. Puck leaves the locker room heartbroken and storms down the hallway when Quinn runs after him and kisses him, agreeing to give their relationship another chance.

Paragraph 21: Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times reviewed the episode "Vitamin D" positively, praising the focus it gave Artie: "Until now, the wheelchair-bound character has served mostly as a punchline. Last night, he got a much-deserved moment in the spotlight, and he rolled with it, doing his best Richie Sambora on the talk box, then taking lead vocals on the Usher track." The episode "Wheels", which placed focus on Artie and his disability, drew criticism from a committee of performers with disabilities, who felt that casting a non-disabled actor to play a disabled student was inappropriate. CSI star Robert David Hall commented, "I think there's a fear of litigation, that a person with disabilities might slow a production down, fear that viewers might be uncomfortable." Glee creator Brad Falchuk responded that while he understood the concern and frustration of disability advocates, McHale had the singing and acting ability and charisma required for the role and "it's hard to say no to someone that talented". McHale has stated that he is pleased to represent a character in a wheelchair, and that "I think what's great about it is just because he's in a wheelchair, he can still do what everyone else does." Kristin Dos Santos of E! Online refuted criticism of the episode, opining that: "'Wheels' is all about empowering people with disabilities and sends out an uplifting message to the disabled community." Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: "Here we have an episode bluntly addressing the complexities of disability and doing so with so much respect and dignity, and there are complaints about Artie not being wheelchair-bound  in real life? Cooooome on, guys." Despite playing a wheelchair user, he is actually one of the best dancers on the set, he was able to showcase his dancing skills in the 1x19 episode "Dream On", in which Artie imagines dancing with his Glee club friends and shoppers in a flash mob singing "Safety Dance" at a mall. He also showcases his dancing skills in the episode Michael, in which Artie imagines dancing and singing "Scream" along with Mike Chang (Harry Shum Jr.) in a remade "Scream" music video, and the episode Glee, Actually, in which Artie dreams about never being in a wheelchair, realizes that the lives of his friends have changed for the worse, and decides to found his own glee club, singing and dancing to Feliz Navidad.

Paragraph 22: From the 18th century, Gefreite were the first line members of a military company, and every Gefreiter led and commanded a section or squad of Gemeine (ordinary-rank soldiers). The rank existed in the cavalry, infantry, pioneers, and artillery where the Gefreiter rank received a greater rank-class status. Gefreiter was the only enlisted rank until 1918 within the Royal Prussian Army and respectively the imperial army of the German Empire to which an exceptional enlisted soldier could be promoted on the recommendation of the Hauptmann (Captain) or Rittmeister (Cavalry-Master otherwise Captain) and ultimately endorsed by the Regiments-Commandeur (Regimental Colonel), with exception of the rank Obergefreiter (since 1859) in the foot artillery which later replaced the artillery Bombardier (Corporal) rank. The Gefreiter rank was also considered a transition rank for promotion to and wherefrom replacements were selected to the Unteroffizier (Corporal) rank. Within the Royal Prussian Army and respectively the imperial army of the German Empire, the rank Gefreiter was a deputy to the Unteroffizier (Corporal), and were distinguished by the wearing of a Auszeichnungsknopf (rank Distinction-button) known as the Gefreitenknopf (Gefreiter-button) on each side of their uniform collar, similar to the slightly larger rank collar side-buttons worn by both the Sergeant and Feldwebel ranks.

Paragraph 23: In August 1999, Cherny attacked a girl, hitting her and pushing her into the bushes, and trying to strangle her. However, the girl cried out, and when he saw that a man was approaching, Cherny ran away. On September 19, Cherny strangled a girl in the vicinity of the town of Komintern, who was going to a disco. He took off her outer garments and pulled the earrings from her ears. The body was soon found in a ravine near the place of the murder. On September 24, Cherny also killed another girl at the spring in the Redovka Park in the same way. At her neck, a bra was tied tightly in a knot. The deceased had lost a leather jacket, leather waistcoat, a breastplate, a bunch of keys and a ticket. On September 27, in the village of Vishenka, in an abandoned warehouse, the corpse of a girl was found, with signs of strangulation, who went missing on September 24. On the neck a belt from the jacket was tied in two knots. On September 29, in front of GSK "Tikhvinka-3" the body of another strangled girl was found. A loop of thin strap from a purse was fastened around her neck and tied back to two knots. UVD Smolensk seriously engaged in the disclosure of the murder series, and the killer, feeling the danger, "fell to the bottom", not betraying himself and not committing new atrocities. A month later, the murderer reappeared, strangling two more girls in three days. On November 4, near the Yasennaya River, which flowed in the ravine between the village of Vishenka and the garage-building cooperative "Svet-2", a corpse of a girl was found, photographs of whom were hanging on search trays for two days around the city. On the neck of the deceased, the murderer had tied handkerchief and a belt from his coat tightly around her neck, and her outer clothing, a gold ring, earrings and a watch were stolen. On November 6, in the forest belt in the nuclear power plant-80 area, half a kilometer from the Krasninskoe highway, the body of another victim was found, and had lost her passport and student card. On November 22, Cherny met a girl in the city centre. The next day, he invited her to go on a walk and get some fresh air, to which she agreed. When they met, they got into his car and went for a drive. Suddenly, Cherny attacked the companion, tried to strangle her, then threw her into the trunk and drove her to the outskirts, where he hung her from a tree with her own sneakers' shoelaces. However, the girl survived and soon turned to the police, but because of the shock experienced, she was confused and could not provide any valuable information. In early December, the investigators managed to find the victim who survived the August attack, who said that she had seen the criminal in one of the city's markets. For several days she was taken to the markets of Smolensk, and on December 14 she pointed the detectives on the man who attacked her. The suspect was placed on surveillance round the clock, including using a hidden camera. When they looked through the record with the suspect's image, one of the detectives said that he knew a very similar person - a member of a local criminal group named Mark Cherny. It turned out that Mark was the younger brother of the main suspect - a 22-year-old security guard of a private security company Sergey Cherny. Meanwhile, corpses were still found around the city. On December 17, in the ravine for GSK "Zvezda" in the second Krasninskiy lane the corpse of another girl was found with a leather belt from a coat tied on two knots around her neck. On December 22 near the Yasennaya River in the "Readovka" park another corpse was found. Subsequently, the Cherny brothers were detained.

Paragraph 24: Daniels' first of many collaborations with the Marshall Tucker Band came on the band's second album, A New Life, which was released in 1974, and certified gold in 1977. Daniels and blues guitarist Elvin Bishop were among several musicians that joined the band for Where We All Belong, a double-album (one studio album and one live album) released by the band in 1974 and certified gold that same year.  The following year the band's Searchin' for a Rainbow was also certified gold the year of its release, and contained the track "Fire on the Mountain," which peaked at No. 38 on the Billboard charts. Long Hard Ride, the band's fifth consecutive gold album, was released in 1976, and its instrumental title track (which again features Charlie Daniels on fiddle) was nominated for a Grammy. Carolina Dreams, released in 1977 and certified platinum that same year, proved to be the band's most commercially successful album, and included the track "Heard It in a Love Song," which reached No. 14 on the Billboard charts.  The band's final Capricorn release came with 1978's Together Forever, which was produced by Stewart Levine. Following the bankruptcy of Capricorn, the Marshall Tucker Band moved to Warner Bros. Records for their ninth album, Running Like the Wind (the band's eighth release was a compilation album entitled Greatest Hits), and they retained Levine as the album's producer.

Paragraph 25: "Villain of the week" (or, depending on genre, "monster of the week", "freak of the week" or "alien of the week") is an antagonist that only appears in one episode of a multi-episode work of fiction. A villain of the week is commonly seen in British, American, and Japanese genre-based television series. As many shows of this type air episodes weekly at a rate of ten to twenty new episodes per year, there is often a new antagonist in the plot of each week's episode. The main characters usually confront and vanquish these characters, often leaving them never to be seen again as in wordly famous Doctor Who, Supernatural, but also Charmed, Smallville, and Scooby-Doo. Some series alternate between using such antagonists and furthering the series' ongoing plotlines (as in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Supernatural, Fringe, and The X-Files, where fandom is often divided over preference for one type of episode versus the other), while others use these one-time foes as pawns of the recurring adversaries (as in Kamen Rider, Sailor Moon, Ultra series and as well as in Super Sentai and its American equivalent, Power Rangers). On other occasions, these villains return reformed, becoming invaluable allies or gaining a larger role in the story. The American action drama Burn Notice focuses on short-lived antagonists, but the final portion of every episode is committed to developing a larger story arc. The British Doctor Who spin-off programme Torchwood used this format in its first two series, before switching to a continuous story format.

Paragraph 26: The precise borders of traditional Gooreng Gooreng lands have been disputed. Walter Roth, while collecting data on their language in the later 19th century, placed them in Camboon Rawbelle where their main camp was at that time, Jiggings". Norman Tindale distinguished them from a Goeng Meerooni Coastal people (1770/Agnes) and defined their land as extending over  and embracing the eastern bank of the upper Burnett River from Mundubbera north to Callide Ranges Queensland and East to Mt Perry Ranges and  Many Peaks. It is possible that a confusion arose, taking two distinct dialect forms of the one cultural complex, to denote distinct and separate realities, with the Gureng Gureng taken to be an inland tribe, and the Goeng (Meerooni) denoting their affines on the coast. A recent survey of the available evidence concludes that the Goreng goring's lands encompassed the "whole of Boyne Valley to Auburn NoGo Callide Cania Ranges No Coastal Reef Dialect Language exists as Kooreng Gooreng Gooreng Gooreng are inland Freshwater People

Paragraph 27: Daniels' first of many collaborations with the Marshall Tucker Band came on the band's second album, A New Life, which was released in 1974, and certified gold in 1977. Daniels and blues guitarist Elvin Bishop were among several musicians that joined the band for Where We All Belong, a double-album (one studio album and one live album) released by the band in 1974 and certified gold that same year.  The following year the band's Searchin' for a Rainbow was also certified gold the year of its release, and contained the track "Fire on the Mountain," which peaked at No. 38 on the Billboard charts. Long Hard Ride, the band's fifth consecutive gold album, was released in 1976, and its instrumental title track (which again features Charlie Daniels on fiddle) was nominated for a Grammy. Carolina Dreams, released in 1977 and certified platinum that same year, proved to be the band's most commercially successful album, and included the track "Heard It in a Love Song," which reached No. 14 on the Billboard charts.  The band's final Capricorn release came with 1978's Together Forever, which was produced by Stewart Levine. Following the bankruptcy of Capricorn, the Marshall Tucker Band moved to Warner Bros. Records for their ninth album, Running Like the Wind (the band's eighth release was a compilation album entitled Greatest Hits), and they retained Levine as the album's producer.

Paragraph 28: Accounts of the success of the opera vary greatly.  The Mercure Galant states that the opera was extremely well received; that audiences were enthralled by Lully's music as always and that they would never have guessed that Corneille had composed the libretto in so little time as three weeks.  On the other hand, the Frères Parfraict in their Histoire de l'académie royale de musique claim that the opera is "irremediably cold" and that "the diabolical character of Venus ruins what little galantry there is to be found" in it.  These reports are both equally difficult to believe when one considers, on the one hand, that Thomas Corneille was one of the chief editors of the Mercure Galant and, on the other hand, in what contempt the Parfaict brothers held all authors of the 17th century other than Pierre Corneille, Molière, Jean Racine and, for opera, Philippe Quinault.  Might they have felt obligated to condemn Thomas Corneille's libretto out of fidelity to his brother, Molière and most of all Quinault whose place Thomas Corneille may have thought he was usurping indefinitely?  The Parfaict brothers' attitude seems to have remained the dominant one since the 18th century. Robert Fajon, in his Opéra à Paris du Roi Soleil à Louis le Bien-Aimé, even goes so far as to accuse Thomas Corneille of being responsible for Lully's only operatic failure.  Concretely, however, none of Lully's operas were a failure.  Their success continued to daunt operatic composers well into the 18th century.  It is true that Psyché, unlike many of Lully's operas, was not created at court and was only revived twice (once in 1703 and again in 1713).  Thésée, by comparison was revived ten times and remained in the repertoire of the Académie royale de musique until 1744.

Paragraph 29: William Damaschke (born November 20, 1963) is the former President of Animation and Family Entertainment for Skydance Media, where he served as the key architect setting the overall creative direction and strategy for Skydance. In conjunction with the company's feature film and television division, he curated and oversaw a team dedicated to producing a bold and original slate of both animated and hybrid family programming. Previously, he had spent 20 years at DreamWorks Animation, most recently as Chief Creative Officer, where he was involved in the creative, artistic, and operational direction of the company. His tenure oversaw the release of some of the company's big franchise films, including Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, How to Train Your Dragon and The Croods. He also oversaw all of DreamWorks's live theatrical productions, including the award-winning Shrek the Musical.  Damaschke’s other projects as a producer include the Broadway musical The Prom, directed and choreographed by Casey Nicholaw, which played at the Longacre Theatre from 15 November 2018 to 11 August 2019; the Broadway-bound musical Half Time, directed and choreographed by Jerry Mitchell, which was presented at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Spring of 2018; and the stage adaptation of Moulin Rouge, directed by Alex Timers, on which Damaschke serves as executive producer.

Paragraph 30: Puck makes infrequent guest appearances starting from this season. Puck is devastated by Finn's death. In "The Quarterback", three weeks after the funeral, he steals a memorial tree planted for Finn and demands that Kurt, Finn's stepbrother, give him Finn's football jacket. Coach Beiste takes him to task for being drunk regularly after so many weeks, and the two mourn Finn together, but Beiste tells him he has to guide his own life without Finn's help, and asks him to replant the tree. When he later does so, he tells her that he intends to join the Air Force. In "100" Now in the Air Force, Puck comes back to McKinley to say goodbye to the Glee Club before it is disbanded. He sees Quinn and the two of them have a conversation. He is about to tell Quinn that he still has feelings for her when her boyfriend, Biff McIntosh, shows up and shows Puck that he is rude. Puck sings Avril Lavigne's song Keep Holding On to her hoping that this would win her heart, but she turns him down stating that she loves Biff. Later, Quinn and Biff are having dinner at Breadsticks when Santana, Puck, Mike, and Artie show up. They sit with Quinn at her table and Biff reveals that he doesn't know any thing about Quinn's past. Her friends tell her about her behavior in the episode The Purple Piano Project. Quinn asks Biff to get something out of the car for her and after he leaves, she asks her friends not to mention anything to Biff since she is ashamed of her past. Puck asks her if she is ever going to tell him about their relationship and their daughter, Beth, and she says that she will eventually. This somewhat angers Puck as he tells her that she can't hide from the past and should embrace it. A few days later, Puck is hanging by the school buses when he hears Quinn and Biff fighting. Biff becomes angry with her at the fact that she kept so much from him, including having a baby with Puck. He calls her a slut, causing Puck to snap and punch him. Biff punches Puck back, causing Puck to punch him once more and then throws him into the dumpster. He then tells Quinn that she can help Biff out of the dumpster or join her real friends in the choir room. Later, Puck and Quinn are in the locker room looking at Finn's plaque. Quinn tells Puck that Biff went back to Yale by himself, and the relationship is over. Puck reveals that he still has feelings for her and wants to get back together. Quinn tells Puck that she isn't going to look back to her past, as she wants to look into her future. Puck leaves the locker room heartbroken and storms down the hallway when Quinn runs after him and kisses him, agreeing to give their relationship another chance.

Paragraph 31: In housing policy, a shift of emphasis in housing policy towards rehabilitation was evident in the further increase in the number of General Improvement Areas and the number of Housing Action Areas declared. An Act of March 1977 makes provision, for a limited period, for benefits to be paid from the age of 64 to workers who agree to retire in order to free jobs for young unemployed people, in response to the rise of youth unemployment. A number of other improvements were introduced in 1977, with Attendance Allowances extended to cover disabled foster children and non-contributory disablement pensions extended to married women whose invalidity prevented them from carrying out their household tasks. In January 1977, regulations were issued which brought about a change in the administration of legislation governing fire precautions at places of work. Under these regulations the Health and Safety Executive retained full responsibility for fire safety in certain 'special' premises such as nuclear installations, coalmines and chemical plants, whereas responsibility for general fire precautions at places of work was transferred to local fire authorities. A number of new services and benefits for disabled people were also introduced. A Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension in lieu of ‘pocket money’ allowance for long-stay patients in mental hospitals was introduced. The therapeutic earnings limit for recipients of Invalidity Pension, Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension and Unemployability Supplement was raised while the Private Car Maintenance Allowance for War Pensioners was increased. From the 29th of August 1977, Attendance Allowance became payable to foster parents of disabled children, and was also extended to kidney patients dialysing at home. Industrial injury provisions for occupational deafness were introduced, and viral hepatitis and Vinyl Chloride Monomer induced diseases were prescribed as industrial diseases. Easing of conditions for entitlement to industrial death benefit in certain cases of death from pulmonary disease was carried out. £12.1 million was paid to the Rowntree Trust Family Fund for disabled children, while the terms of reference of the Rowntree Trust Family Fund were extended to include all severely disabled children. Limited right of appeal on diagnosis of pneumoconiosis was also introduced. A phasing in of a new behind-the-ear hearing aid for up 1 million hearing impaired people was carried out. Special hearing aids for children and young people were introduced. Audiology services were developed, Hearing Therapists were introduced, and the Blind Person’s tax allowance was increased. Improvements were made to the wheel-chair service, while further parking concessions were made for all ‘Orange Badge’ holders. In addition, the ‘Orange Badge’ scheme was extended to include the blind, and concessions to ‘Orange Badge’ holders at most tolled crossings were introduced. The petrol allowance was also restored and doubled for drivers of government-supplied invalid vehicles. Another measure was the extension of exemption from Road Tax (vehicle excise duty) to Mobility Allowance beneficiaries or their nominees. Concessionary fares for disabled people were introduced, along with a discretionary allowance of up to £160 to disabled students whose disability led to additional expenses in connection with their studies. Improved provision for the needs of disabled people in educational establishments was carried out, and a scheme of grants was made to employers “towards the cost of adaptations to premises or equipment made to enable disabled individuals to obtain, or retain, employment.” The 4th of July 1977 saw the inception of an experimental Job Introduction Scheme “to provide financial assistance enabling certain disabled people to undertake a trial period of employment with an employer, where there is reasonable doubt as to the person’s ability to perform a particular job.” On the 5th of July 1978 a revised and simplified scheme designed to help severely disabled people with their travel-to-work costs was introduced. Increased allowances were paid to people going on employment rehabilitation courses, while under the MSC Special Programme for young people additional opportunities were provided at Employment Rehabilitation Centres for disabled young people. A Release for Training (RFT) scheme was introduced for disabled people already in employment “but experiencing problems which can only be resolved by a period of intensive training.”  District Handicap Teams were set up, the War Pensioners’ visiting scheme was extended, and zero rating of VAT was introduced “on aids and appliances for disabled people and also on medical equipment for donation to a hospital for the purpose of treatment or research.” New arrangements were introduced for dental treatment of disabled patients, and special concessionary TV license arrangements were extended for people in old people’s homes.

Paragraph 32: The cuisine of the Tagalog people varies by province. Bulacan is popular for Chicharrón (pork rinds) and steamed rice and tuber cakes like puto. It is a center for panghimagas or desserts, like brown rice cake or kutsinta, sapin-sapin, suman, cassava cake, ube halaya and the king of sweets, in San Miguel, Bulacan, the famous carabao milk candy pastillas de leche, with its pabalat wrapper. Cainta, in Rizal province east of Manila, is known for its Filipino rice cakes and puddings. These are usually topped with latik, a mixture of coconut milk and brown sugar, reduced to a dry crumbly texture. A more modern, and time saving alternative to latik are coconut flakes toasted in a frying pan. Antipolo, straddled mid-level in the mountainous regions of the Philippine Sierra Madre, is a town known for its suman and cashew products. Laguna is known for buko pie (coconut pie) and panutsa (peanut brittle). Batangas is home to Taal Lake, a body of water that surrounds Taal Volcano. The lake is home to 75 species of freshwater fish, including landlocked marine species that have since adapted to the Taal lake environment. Eight of these species are of high commercial value. These include a population of giant trevally locally known as maliputo which is distinguished from their marine counterparts which are known as talakitok. Another commercially important species is the tawilis, the only known freshwater sardine and endemic to the lake. Batangas is also known for its special coffee, kapeng barako. Quezon, especially the town of Lucban, is also known for its culinary dishes, with Lucban longganisa, pancit habhab, and hardinera being the most notable. The influence of coconut milk dishes, such as laing (called tinuto in some places in Quezon) and sinantol, is also felt in the province because of its proximity to Bicol. Suman is also a notable food in the province, especially in the town of Infanta and the city of Tayabas, though having the same ingredients as the one in Antipolo, the things that makes Infanta and Tayabas suman unique is its packaging and size; Infanta's suman is smaller in size and is usually grouped into 20 per pack, while Tayabas' suman is also unique in packaging, with a long tail that makes it look like a lit candle, in connection to its tradition of throwing suman during the feast of the city's patron, Isidore the Laborer.

Paragraph 33: In addition, slave owners manumitted slaves for various reasons: to reward long years of service, because heirs did not want to take on slaves, or to free slave concubines and/or their children. Slaves were sometimes allowed to buy their freedom; they might be permitted to save money from fees paid when they were "hired out" to work for other parties. In the mid-to-late 18th century, Methodist and Baptist evangelists during the period of the First Great Awakening ( 1730–1755) encouraged slave owners to free their slaves, in their belief that all men were equal before God. They converted many slaves to Christianity and approved black leaders as preachers; blacks developed their own strain of Christianity. Before the American Revolutionary War of 1775–1783, few slaves were manumitted; on the eve of the American Revolution, there was an estimated 30,000 free African Americans in Colonial America which accounts for about 5% of the total African American population with most of free African Americans being mixed race. Since the portion of free African Americans were so small and could possibly pass as white, they were not deemed a threat to the White population to warrant anti-Black legislation. However, historian Ira Berlin states that this figure could be as high as 25% due to errors in census collection, ambiguous status of runaway slaves, White-passing persons, and slaves who lived as if they were free but did not have the papers to prove the same.

Paragraph 34: In addition, slave owners manumitted slaves for various reasons: to reward long years of service, because heirs did not want to take on slaves, or to free slave concubines and/or their children. Slaves were sometimes allowed to buy their freedom; they might be permitted to save money from fees paid when they were "hired out" to work for other parties. In the mid-to-late 18th century, Methodist and Baptist evangelists during the period of the First Great Awakening ( 1730–1755) encouraged slave owners to free their slaves, in their belief that all men were equal before God. They converted many slaves to Christianity and approved black leaders as preachers; blacks developed their own strain of Christianity. Before the American Revolutionary War of 1775–1783, few slaves were manumitted; on the eve of the American Revolution, there was an estimated 30,000 free African Americans in Colonial America which accounts for about 5% of the total African American population with most of free African Americans being mixed race. Since the portion of free African Americans were so small and could possibly pass as white, they were not deemed a threat to the White population to warrant anti-Black legislation. However, historian Ira Berlin states that this figure could be as high as 25% due to errors in census collection, ambiguous status of runaway slaves, White-passing persons, and slaves who lived as if they were free but did not have the papers to prove the same.

Paragraph 35: Robson gave Webb his full international début, against West Germany on 9 September 1987 at the age of 24, becoming the 1,000th player to be capped by England. His first goal came against Turkey on 14 October that year, in an 8–0 victory at Wembley in a Euro 88 qualifier. He appeared in two of England's group games at Euro 88 (which all ended in defeat), but his next international appearance – against Denmark in a friendly on 14 September 1988 – he scored the only goal in the game at Wembley. On 3 June 1989, he scored the third international goal of his career with a 3–0 World Cup qualifier victory over Poland, again at Wembley. On 24 April 1990 Webb made his first appearance with the England B team, playing in the 2–0 win over the Czechoslovakia B team at Roker Park. Despite missing the bulk of the 1989–90 season at Manchester United with injury, he was included in England's 1990 World Cup squad and made his solitary appearance of the competition in the third place playoff defeat by Italy. Before the year was out he would become the first player to be sent off whilst on England duty in three years when he saw red for the England B team in a match against the full Algeria team. On 12 May 1992, he scored what would be his final goal for England in a 1–0 friendly win over Hungary in Budapest. He would make four more international appearances for England, the last coming on 17 June 1992 when England lost 2–1 to hosts Sweden in their final Euro 92 group game. Webb was capped 26 times in five years for the England team, and scored 4 goals.

Paragraph 36: He was amongst the first to respond to the call of Pakistan sounded by Muhammad Iqbal in 1930 (Qutote from Chaudhry Muhammad Ali, Prime Minister of Pakistan), Dr. Khursheed kamal aziz Pakistan's official historian) has described this book as "the most comprehensive and far reaching scheme aimed at furthering and elaborating the idea of Pakistan.  Waheed uz-Zaman wrote in his book, "Pakistan", Lahore, 1964, P. 168, "The book was taken into consideration by the Muslim league, while preparing the Lahore resolution and the fact the solution proposed in the confederacy of India" differed but little from the proposed by the Muslim League in March 1940. The venear of a Confederacy, which was the main theme of his scheme, could anytime be set aside and the remainder would have precisely ... Pakistan.  So scholarly and so cogent was his reasoning that men like Dr.Rajendra Prasad felt compelled to join issues with him in his books, (Pakistan(Bombay and Calcutta, September 1940), p 34; see also his book "India Divided" page 180-181). The book was reviewed in leading newspapers and journals. Comparatively more scholarly appraisal was in the Tarjaman-ul-Quran of Maulana Abul Ala Maududi. According to Mian Kifait Ali "The idea was suggested to me by the late Choudhary Rahmat Ali's writings and I developmed it to an extent to which no one had done earlier (Letter to Dr. K.K, September 5, 1968)". Ali also stated that originally it was proposed to publish the book under the title of "Pakistan" a typed manuscript which bore this page title was sent to the press. Soon after he received a telegraphic message from the Muhammad Ali Jinnah that book should not appear under the pen name of "Pakistan". It was to comply with the Quaid's directive he prepared a federal scheme and was incorporated in the introduction of the book. Thus the book was titled as "Confederacy of India". (Nation article, 23 December 1994 by Sarfraz Hussain Mirza, "Confederacy of India by A Punjabi", also in Daily Times, Cam Diary, "Pak history in Leichester", and article by V.P Bhatia "'Jinnah was against the name 'Pakistan' at First". It was in recognition of this work of Mian Kifait Ali that he was invited to work on the committee presided over by Sir Abdullah Haroon set up in February 1940 to examine the various schemes of constitutional reforms for India and to see whether a consolidated scheme can finally be framed.  His book has been referred to as the most comprehensive schemes at demystifying and detailing the ideas regarding the inception of Pakistan, quite a lot has been written about him and his work. Mian Kifait Ali has done "pioneering work in the evolution of Muslim political thoughts and has suffered the hardship of a pioneer… when an objective appraisal of Muslim political movement is made by the historian. He will find an honourable place among the pioneers and selfless workers in this great field of Muslim reconstruction (Quoted by Governor Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Gurmani). Famous independence-era personalities such as Abul Ala Maududi, Chaudhry Muhammad Ali, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, Vengalil Krishnan Krishna Menon, and Sardar V. Patel took issue with him. He responded in several pamphlets.

Paragraph 37: Meanwhile, Kigan's pandal attracts crowds. Bodhi makes plans to create fake bomb blasts in the puja campus and create a mess. According to his plans a terrible mess occurs at the pandal, several people are stampeded. Bodhi even pays the media to cover this incident exclusively and promote it more seriously than the actual incident, eventually the police authorities ban the puja and order for the dismantle of the idol after puja. Kigan is put into jail for quarrelling with police. Later Bodhi releases Kigan from jail and on way to home he explains Kigan that he took his revenge by getting the puja banned from public. Kigan requests Bodhi to open the puja after 2–3 days but Bodhi disagrees. Kigan then challenges Bodhi that he would reopen the puja till immersion. Meanwhile, Kigan owns up to his mistakes to Aditi and they get reunited again. Next day Kigan investigates that only two persons were injured not many and it was a paid fake news. Kigan has meetings with police commissioner, governor regarding reopening of the puja but everywhere he gets negative response. Out of utter depression Kigan goes to Bodhi's house, determined that Bodhi is responsible for all this and he would kill Bodhi. Kigan and Bodhi have a fight where Kigan is about to kill Bodhi but then Bodhi's son attacks Kigan with a bat and Kigan falls. Bodhi scolds his son for hitting an elder person but Kigan supports him. Then Bodhi tells that he doesn't want to make his son like Kigan, so he will teach him proper manners. Here Bodhi discloses that his son is not his but actually Kigan's and he has tendered him as his own child and always has been a good father because he wants to make him a gentleman and an not as irresponsible as Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that Aditi has always been loving Kigan though Bodhi has always been a good husband. Even though he has brought up Kigan's child as his own child, Aditi has never developed any feeling towards him so he decided to finish Kigan who has destroyed his own family for that he has also destroyed his masterpiece creation. Bodhi repents that he is the Asur (villain) and begs pardon from Kigan. Bodhi also discloses that he is not the only one associated with this planning but Aditi is also responsible for this. Aditi thought of taking revenge from Kigan after her father's incident so she had been involved in this case.

Paragraph 38: In housing policy, a shift of emphasis in housing policy towards rehabilitation was evident in the further increase in the number of General Improvement Areas and the number of Housing Action Areas declared. An Act of March 1977 makes provision, for a limited period, for benefits to be paid from the age of 64 to workers who agree to retire in order to free jobs for young unemployed people, in response to the rise of youth unemployment. A number of other improvements were introduced in 1977, with Attendance Allowances extended to cover disabled foster children and non-contributory disablement pensions extended to married women whose invalidity prevented them from carrying out their household tasks. In January 1977, regulations were issued which brought about a change in the administration of legislation governing fire precautions at places of work. Under these regulations the Health and Safety Executive retained full responsibility for fire safety in certain 'special' premises such as nuclear installations, coalmines and chemical plants, whereas responsibility for general fire precautions at places of work was transferred to local fire authorities. A number of new services and benefits for disabled people were also introduced. A Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension in lieu of ‘pocket money’ allowance for long-stay patients in mental hospitals was introduced. The therapeutic earnings limit for recipients of Invalidity Pension, Non-Contributory Invalidity Pension and Unemployability Supplement was raised while the Private Car Maintenance Allowance for War Pensioners was increased. From the 29th of August 1977, Attendance Allowance became payable to foster parents of disabled children, and was also extended to kidney patients dialysing at home. Industrial injury provisions for occupational deafness were introduced, and viral hepatitis and Vinyl Chloride Monomer induced diseases were prescribed as industrial diseases. Easing of conditions for entitlement to industrial death benefit in certain cases of death from pulmonary disease was carried out. £12.1 million was paid to the Rowntree Trust Family Fund for disabled children, while the terms of reference of the Rowntree Trust Family Fund were extended to include all severely disabled children. Limited right of appeal on diagnosis of pneumoconiosis was also introduced. A phasing in of a new behind-the-ear hearing aid for up 1 million hearing impaired people was carried out. Special hearing aids for children and young people were introduced. Audiology services were developed, Hearing Therapists were introduced, and the Blind Person’s tax allowance was increased. Improvements were made to the wheel-chair service, while further parking concessions were made for all ‘Orange Badge’ holders. In addition, the ‘Orange Badge’ scheme was extended to include the blind, and concessions to ‘Orange Badge’ holders at most tolled crossings were introduced. The petrol allowance was also restored and doubled for drivers of government-supplied invalid vehicles. Another measure was the extension of exemption from Road Tax (vehicle excise duty) to Mobility Allowance beneficiaries or their nominees. Concessionary fares for disabled people were introduced, along with a discretionary allowance of up to £160 to disabled students whose disability led to additional expenses in connection with their studies. Improved provision for the needs of disabled people in educational establishments was carried out, and a scheme of grants was made to employers “towards the cost of adaptations to premises or equipment made to enable disabled individuals to obtain, or retain, employment.” The 4th of July 1977 saw the inception of an experimental Job Introduction Scheme “to provide financial assistance enabling certain disabled people to undertake a trial period of employment with an employer, where there is reasonable doubt as to the person’s ability to perform a particular job.” On the 5th of July 1978 a revised and simplified scheme designed to help severely disabled people with their travel-to-work costs was introduced. Increased allowances were paid to people going on employment rehabilitation courses, while under the MSC Special Programme for young people additional opportunities were provided at Employment Rehabilitation Centres for disabled young people. A Release for Training (RFT) scheme was introduced for disabled people already in employment “but experiencing problems which can only be resolved by a period of intensive training.”  District Handicap Teams were set up, the War Pensioners’ visiting scheme was extended, and zero rating of VAT was introduced “on aids and appliances for disabled people and also on medical equipment for donation to a hospital for the purpose of treatment or research.” New arrangements were introduced for dental treatment of disabled patients, and special concessionary TV license arrangements were extended for people in old people’s homes.

Paragraph 39: Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times reviewed the episode "Vitamin D" positively, praising the focus it gave Artie: "Until now, the wheelchair-bound character has served mostly as a punchline. Last night, he got a much-deserved moment in the spotlight, and he rolled with it, doing his best Richie Sambora on the talk box, then taking lead vocals on the Usher track." The episode "Wheels", which placed focus on Artie and his disability, drew criticism from a committee of performers with disabilities, who felt that casting a non-disabled actor to play a disabled student was inappropriate. CSI star Robert David Hall commented, "I think there's a fear of litigation, that a person with disabilities might slow a production down, fear that viewers might be uncomfortable." Glee creator Brad Falchuk responded that while he understood the concern and frustration of disability advocates, McHale had the singing and acting ability and charisma required for the role and "it's hard to say no to someone that talented". McHale has stated that he is pleased to represent a character in a wheelchair, and that "I think what's great about it is just because he's in a wheelchair, he can still do what everyone else does." Kristin Dos Santos of E! Online refuted criticism of the episode, opining that: "'Wheels' is all about empowering people with disabilities and sends out an uplifting message to the disabled community." Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: "Here we have an episode bluntly addressing the complexities of disability and doing so with so much respect and dignity, and there are complaints about Artie not being wheelchair-bound  in real life? Cooooome on, guys." Despite playing a wheelchair user, he is actually one of the best dancers on the set, he was able to showcase his dancing skills in the 1x19 episode "Dream On", in which Artie imagines dancing with his Glee club friends and shoppers in a flash mob singing "Safety Dance" at a mall. He also showcases his dancing skills in the episode Michael, in which Artie imagines dancing and singing "Scream" along with Mike Chang (Harry Shum Jr.) in a remade "Scream" music video, and the episode Glee, Actually, in which Artie dreams about never being in a wheelchair, realizes that the lives of his friends have changed for the worse, and decides to found his own glee club, singing and dancing to Feliz Navidad.

Paragraph 40: In August 1999, Cherny attacked a girl, hitting her and pushing her into the bushes, and trying to strangle her. However, the girl cried out, and when he saw that a man was approaching, Cherny ran away. On September 19, Cherny strangled a girl in the vicinity of the town of Komintern, who was going to a disco. He took off her outer garments and pulled the earrings from her ears. The body was soon found in a ravine near the place of the murder. On September 24, Cherny also killed another girl at the spring in the Redovka Park in the same way. At her neck, a bra was tied tightly in a knot. The deceased had lost a leather jacket, leather waistcoat, a breastplate, a bunch of keys and a ticket. On September 27, in the village of Vishenka, in an abandoned warehouse, the corpse of a girl was found, with signs of strangulation, who went missing on September 24. On the neck a belt from the jacket was tied in two knots. On September 29, in front of GSK "Tikhvinka-3" the body of another strangled girl was found. A loop of thin strap from a purse was fastened around her neck and tied back to two knots. UVD Smolensk seriously engaged in the disclosure of the murder series, and the killer, feeling the danger, "fell to the bottom", not betraying himself and not committing new atrocities. A month later, the murderer reappeared, strangling two more girls in three days. On November 4, near the Yasennaya River, which flowed in the ravine between the village of Vishenka and the garage-building cooperative "Svet-2", a corpse of a girl was found, photographs of whom were hanging on search trays for two days around the city. On the neck of the deceased, the murderer had tied handkerchief and a belt from his coat tightly around her neck, and her outer clothing, a gold ring, earrings and a watch were stolen. On November 6, in the forest belt in the nuclear power plant-80 area, half a kilometer from the Krasninskoe highway, the body of another victim was found, and had lost her passport and student card. On November 22, Cherny met a girl in the city centre. The next day, he invited her to go on a walk and get some fresh air, to which she agreed. When they met, they got into his car and went for a drive. Suddenly, Cherny attacked the companion, tried to strangle her, then threw her into the trunk and drove her to the outskirts, where he hung her from a tree with her own sneakers' shoelaces. However, the girl survived and soon turned to the police, but because of the shock experienced, she was confused and could not provide any valuable information. In early December, the investigators managed to find the victim who survived the August attack, who said that she had seen the criminal in one of the city's markets. For several days she was taken to the markets of Smolensk, and on December 14 she pointed the detectives on the man who attacked her. The suspect was placed on surveillance round the clock, including using a hidden camera. When they looked through the record with the suspect's image, one of the detectives said that he knew a very similar person - a member of a local criminal group named Mark Cherny. It turned out that Mark was the younger brother of the main suspect - a 22-year-old security guard of a private security company Sergey Cherny. Meanwhile, corpses were still found around the city. On December 17, in the ravine for GSK "Zvezda" in the second Krasninskiy lane the corpse of another girl was found with a leather belt from a coat tied on two knots around her neck. On December 22 near the Yasennaya River in the "Readovka" park another corpse was found. Subsequently, the Cherny brothers were detained.

Paragraph 41: The history of Ghazl El Mahalla testifies with a lot of achievements, the club won the Egyptian Premier League in the 1972–73 season under the command of the golden generation of the club, and among its legends are Mohammed Al-Siyagi, Abdul Rahim Khalil, Muhammad Amasha, Mahmoud Abdel Dayem, and Abdul Sattar Ali. And, the club reached the final of the African Cup of Champions Clubs (Later known as CAF Champions League) in 1974 but suffered a shocking defeat at the hands of the Congolese club CARA Brazzaville. The club participated in the African Cup of Champions Clubs (Later known as CAF Champions League) the following season in 1975 but was eliminated in the semi-finals, this marked the only two participations of Ghazl El Mahalla in the most prestigious club competition in the African continent, the CAF Champions League. The only other participation of the club in an African competition was in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 2002 where it got eliminated in the quarter-finals. The club was runner-up in the 1975–76 season of the Egyptian Premier League. And, managed to reach the final of the Egypt Cup six times but fortune did not favor it in any of them and the club was never able to win the Cup. The club was also runner-up at the inaugural Egyptian Super Cup in 2001 participating as Egypt Cup runner-up after Egypt Cup champions Ismaily SC withdrew from the competition. The club participated in the 1995 Arab Cup Winners' Cup, which was held in Tunisia, where it achieved third place. The club also participated in the 2004–05 Arab Champions League but got eliminated from the group stage after ending up in the fourth spot in Group B of the competition, this marked the only two participations of Ghazl El Mahalla in Arab competitions.

Paragraph 42: Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times reviewed the episode "Vitamin D" positively, praising the focus it gave Artie: "Until now, the wheelchair-bound character has served mostly as a punchline. Last night, he got a much-deserved moment in the spotlight, and he rolled with it, doing his best Richie Sambora on the talk box, then taking lead vocals on the Usher track." The episode "Wheels", which placed focus on Artie and his disability, drew criticism from a committee of performers with disabilities, who felt that casting a non-disabled actor to play a disabled student was inappropriate. CSI star Robert David Hall commented, "I think there's a fear of litigation, that a person with disabilities might slow a production down, fear that viewers might be uncomfortable." Glee creator Brad Falchuk responded that while he understood the concern and frustration of disability advocates, McHale had the singing and acting ability and charisma required for the role and "it's hard to say no to someone that talented". McHale has stated that he is pleased to represent a character in a wheelchair, and that "I think what's great about it is just because he's in a wheelchair, he can still do what everyone else does." Kristin Dos Santos of E! Online refuted criticism of the episode, opining that: "'Wheels' is all about empowering people with disabilities and sends out an uplifting message to the disabled community." Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: "Here we have an episode bluntly addressing the complexities of disability and doing so with so much respect and dignity, and there are complaints about Artie not being wheelchair-bound  in real life? Cooooome on, guys." Despite playing a wheelchair user, he is actually one of the best dancers on the set, he was able to showcase his dancing skills in the 1x19 episode "Dream On", in which Artie imagines dancing with his Glee club friends and shoppers in a flash mob singing "Safety Dance" at a mall. He also showcases his dancing skills in the episode Michael, in which Artie imagines dancing and singing "Scream" along with Mike Chang (Harry Shum Jr.) in a remade "Scream" music video, and the episode Glee, Actually, in which Artie dreams about never being in a wheelchair, realizes that the lives of his friends have changed for the worse, and decides to found his own glee club, singing and dancing to Feliz Navidad.

Paragraph 43: October 28 – Led by Steve Pearce and David Price, the Boston Red Sox ended the World Series in five games with a 5–1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Winners of a franchise-record 108 games during the season, the Red Sox buried the AL East Division across six months and claimed 11 more victories in the playoffs, knocking off the 100-win New York Yankees in the ALDS, the defending World Series champion Houston Astros in the ALCS,  and the two-time NL champion Dodgers in the Fall Classic, while losing just one game in each round. Pearce hit a two-run home run off Clayton Kershaw in the top of the first inning, and the Red Sox took a lead they would never give back. Solo homers by Mookie Betts in the sixth inning and J. D. Martinez in the seventh quieted the Dodger Stadium crowd, while Pearce struck again with a solo shot off Pedro Báez to make it 5–1 in the eighth. Those homers came just a day after Pearce crushed a tying home run in the eighth inning of Game 4, followed by a three-run double that broke the game open in the ninth. Price limited the Dodgers to a solo homer by David Freese on his first pitch and otherwise shut them down over seven-plus innings, allowing just two more hits, striking out five and walking two, while retiring 14 in a row before giving a leadoff walk in the eighth inning. Price was followed by Joe Kelly, who struck out three straight pinch hitters, and Chris Sale, who was originally scheduled to start an eventual Game 5. But Sale finished off the Dodgers in style, striking out the side in the ninth and Manny Machado swinging to end it. Pierce earned World Series MVP honors by collecting four hits— three homers and a double in 12 at bats – along with eight RBI and five runs scored. Boston manager Alex Cora became the first Puerto Rican to lead a team to the World Series, as well as the second Latino manager to do it in the Series. The Venezuelan Ozzie Guillén became the first when he led the Chicago White Sox to the title in 2005. With their victory in the World Series, the Red Sox secured their ninth championship title, tying the Philadelphia/Oakland Athletics franchise for the third most in MLB history behind the New York Yankees (27) and St. Louis Cardinals (11). But the Red Sox have come on strong in recent years, winning four titles in a span of 15 seasons from 2004 through 2018. As a result, they are the first MLB club to win four World Series titles in the 21st century. 

Paragraph 44: The theories of Ubaghs are contained in a vast collection of treatises on which he expended the best years of his life. Editions followed one another as the range of his teaching widened. Ubaghs clearly affirmed the fundamental thesis of Traditionalism: the acquisition of metaphysical and moral truths is inexplicable without a primitive Divine teaching and its oral transmission. Social teaching is a natural law, a condition so necessary that without a miracle man could not, except through it, attain the explicit knowledge of truths of a metaphysical and a moral order. Teaching and language are not merely a psychological medium which favours the acquisition of these truths; their action is determinant. Hence the primordial act of man is an act of faith; the authority of others becomes the basis of certitude. The question arises: Is our adherence to the fundamental truths of the speculative and moral order blind; and, is the existence of God, which is one of them, impossible of rational demonstration? Ubaghs did not go as far as this; his Traditionalism was mitigated, a semi-Traditionalism; once teaching has awakened ideas in us and transmitted the maxims (ordo acquisitionis) reason is able and apt to comprehend them. Though powerless to discover them it is regarded as being capable of demonstrating them once they have been made known to it. One of his favourite comparisons admirably states the problem: "As the word 'view' chiefly expresses four things, the faculty of seeing, the act of seeing, the object seen, e.g. a landscape, and the drawing an artist makes of this object, so we give the name idea, which is derived from the former, chiefly to four different things: the faculty of knowing rationally, the act of rational knowledge, the object of this knowledge, the intellectual copy or formula which we make of this object in conceiving it" (Psychologie, 5th ed., 1857, 41–42). Now, the objective idea, or object-idea (third acceptation), in other words, the intelligible which we contemplate, and contact with which produces within us the intellectual formula (notion), is "something Divine" or, rather, it is God himself. This is the core of ontologism. The intelligence contemplates God directly and beholds in Him the truths or "objective ideas" of which our knowledge is a weak reflection. Assuredly, if Ubaghs is right, skepticism is definitively overcome. Likewise if teaching plays in the physical life the part he assigns to it, the same is true of every doctrine which asserts the original independence of reason and which Ubaghs calls rationalism. But this so-called triumph was purchased at the cost of many errors. It is, to say the least, strange that on the one hand Traditionalist Ontologism is based on a distrust of reason, and on the other hand it endows reason with unjustifiable prerogatives. Surely it is an incredible audacity to set man face to face with the Divine essence and to attribute to his weak mind the immediate perception of the eternal and immutable verities.

Paragraph 45: Bryan Durham of The Times of India gave the album 4 out of 5 and summarized, "In totality, it also needs to be said that if Rahman's music is the language of this film, it would be quite short on a vocabulary without Irshad Kamil's beautiful lyrics." Jyoti Prakash of Indian Box Office Online also gave it 4.5 out of 5 stars and said, "The music of Raanjhanaa is of supreme quality. A typical AR Rahman album which is romantic and entertaining yet pure and divine." Music Aloud critic Vipin assigned the soundtrack 8 out of 10 and noted, "A mixed bag from ARR that is more urbane than folk-classical." Kaushik Ramesh of Planet Bollywood gave the album 7/10. Calling it very experimental, he said, "Be it the innovative vocal shehnai of 'Ay Sakhi' or Rabbi's attitude laden 'Tu Mun Shudi', the entire album presents immense freshness." Rumnique Nannar of Bollyspice gave the album 4.5/5 stars and wrote, "Raanjhanaa is a brilliant return to form and originality for A. R. Rahman, who proves his detractors wrong with an album that captures the energy of its city and its lovestruck Raanjhana. The songs may just take time to grow on the listener, but that's the joy in it, to savour all of the arrangements and voices that add up to a terrific and rustic album for the ages." Sakhayan Ghosh of The Indian Express summarized, "Irshad Kamil's lyrics provide a perfect foil to the music. And this is Rahman's finest turn since Rockstar, seeing the maestro enter exciting new musical territories." He gave the album 4 out of 5. Joginder Tuteja at Movie Talkies claimed, "There were good expectations from the music of Raanjhanaa and they are pretty much met (and at places even exceeded) with A. R. Rahman, Irshad Kamil and their singers coming together well to meet the shared vision that was spearheaded by the makers." He gave the album 3.5 out of 5 and added that the music "works quite well as a packaged affair". IANS gave it 3.5 out of 5 stars and observed, "Like any other album, the music of Raanjhanaa has few low points, but otherwise it is thoroughly entertaining." At Koimoi, critic Manohar Basu rated the album 3 on 5 and noted, "Very unlikely to be a Rahman composition, the music yet again lacks a soul stirring capability which made him a maverick once! Technically it is both brilliant and fine but the midas touch of the musician is strikingly missing." The critics review board at Behindwoods called it a "joyous wonder from Rahman" and gave it 3.5 out of 5.

Paragraph 46: At the beginning of the 1980s the Toledo Zoo faced a potential closure. With an agreement created by Jones, the zoo was financially tied to a city in a financial crisis.  Massive layoffs ensued and a staff of 70 was reduced to 24. With a passage of a zoo levy in November 1980, they were still left in the face of probable closure. The levy was for capital improvements only, so the money could not be used on animal care, staff members, or other items needed to run the zoo. As a result, the Museum of Science and the conservatory were closed.  To add to the problems, Skeldon was set to retire at the end of the year, and they had not yet found a replacement director. In January 1981, William "Bill" Dennler accepted the position and became the director of the Toledo Zoo. A proposal for payroll increase was denied and by the end of 1981, the Toledo Zoo only had 15 full-time employees.  With the support of the board members, staff, donors, and citizens, the zoo was able to raise enough money to keep their doors open. At the same time, a study by the Toledo Area Governmental Research Association reported that the zoo should become a private, non-profit organization.  Taking this advice on April 1, 1982, the Toledo Zoo was removed from the Board of Members that was created and handed exclusively to be operated and funded by the Toledo Zoological Society.  The TZS also worked with the Ohio Legislature which allowed them to work on the county level, and be able to add levies to the Lucas County Ballots to help finance the zoo's needs. With these changes taking place, the Toledo Zoo was starting a revival. By 1982, the Greenhouse/Conservatory had been renovated and reopened to the public and the Museum of Science was back in operation. The WPA buildings were carefully restored, and in 1983 a children's zoo was opened. The Aquarium had two major incidents occur during the 1980s. In 1982, the Aquarium caught fire, killing 104 fish as well as destroying much of the building. Later in 1987, a tank had cracked sending 20 tons of water rushing out. Toledo Zoo broke ground on their African Savanna exhibit, which included the first ever Hippoquarium in 1986, and the rest of the savanna opening from 1987 to 1989. Because of the success of the Hippoquarium exhibit and a hippo birth caught on tape, the Toledo Zoo was given an opportunity to exhibit two giant pandas on loan from the People's Republic of China. The panda pair arrived in May 1988 and were exhibited through October 1988. This was the first year that the zoo had over a million people attend in one year. The loan was challenged by the World Wildlife Fund, as well as the American Zoo and Aquarium Association, through a lawsuit against the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service. Additional lawsuits followed, but the loan of the pandas remained intact and the lawsuits were settled. This outcry of debate dissolved the relationship with the People's Republic of China, and it was not until 1998 that they allowed another loan of pandas to the US, via the San Diego Zoo. In 1994 the zoo again exceed 1 million visitors with their exhibit DinoRoars!, and again in 1998 with the reopening of the Aviary as well as the introduction of the primate forest. During their regrowth they also created a children's park, a pavilion for events, a catering department, an Emmy Award-winning show called Zoo Today, and re-purposed many of the WPA era buildings. The Carnivora was relaunched as the Carnivore Cafe in 1993, they re-purposed the original Rare Mammal Building into the Kingdom of the Apes, altered the Elephant House to be an events center, and expanded their land across the Anthony Wayne Trail to their now Northern Campus.  In 1997, to connect the two parts of the zoo, the Toledo Zoo erected a pedestrian bridge. The Northern Campus which had previously been parking area opened the Arctic Encounter Exhibit in 2000.