Paragraph 1: Keith arrives with his partner, Rosie (Gerry Cowper), their twins, Darren (Charlie G. Hawkins) and Demi (Shana Swash), and the family dog, Genghis, joining Rosie's son, Mickey (Joe Swash) and moving into 27 Albert Square. They are later joined by Demi's newborn baby, Aleesha (Freya Coltman-West), Rosie's daughter, Dawn Swann (Kara Tointon), and Dawn's daughter, Summer Swann. Keith, who does not work and spends his time watching documentaries on television, has his incapacity benefits stopped when Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) catches him on CCTV moving heavy boxes and reports him for benefit fraud. However, he remains unemployed, and it is revealed that he is illiterate, but, his family encouraged him to learn to read and write. Rosie drops several hints that she wants Keith to propose, but he eventually leaves her when he discovers that she plans to leave him for her ex-husband, Mike Swann (Mark Wingett), and he moves in with Garry Hobbs (Ricky Groves) and Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi). He later forgives Rosie when she begs for another chance and moves back in with her. Mike moves out, but, leaves a message for Dawn on the Millers' answering machine. Keith deletes the message, as he does not want Mike to have anything to do with the family. Mike's mother, Nora Swann (Pamela Cundell), later dies in hospital and they have no way of contacting Mike to let him know. Rosie kicks Keith out and he moves in with Gus (Mohammed George) and Juley Smith (Joseph Kpobie). Keith desperately wants Rosie back and knows that the only thing he can offer her is marriage. He proposes and they get back together, but, Keith tries to delay the wedding, as he is not really interested in getting married. He later realizes that nothing will really change after they get married and soon changes his mind.

Paragraph 2: In most settings, the initial evaluation and stabilization of traumatic injury follows the same general principles of identifying and treating immediately life-threatening injuries. In the US, the American College of Surgeons publishes the Advanced Trauma Life Support guidelines, which provide a step-by-step approach to the initial assessment, stabilization, diagnostic reasoning, and treatment of traumatic injuries that codifies this general principle. The assessment typically begins by ensuring that the subject's airway is open and competent, that breathing is unlabored, and that circulation—i.e. pulses that can be felt—is present.  This is sometimes described as the "A, B, C's"—Airway, Breathing, and Circulation—and is the first step in any resuscitation or triage.  Then, the history of the accident or injury is amplified with any medical, dietary (timing of last oral intake) and history, from whatever sources such as family, friends, previous treating physicians that might be available.  This method is sometimes given the mnemonic "SAMPLE".  The amount of time spent on diagnosis should be minimized and expedited by a combination of clinical assessment and appropriate use of technology, such as diagnostic peritoneal lavage (DPL), or bedside ultrasound examination (FAST) before proceeding to laparotomy if required.  If time and the patient's stability permits, CT examination may be carried out if available. Its advantages include superior definition of the injury, leading to grading of the injury and sometimes the confidence to avoid or postpone surgery.  Its disadvantages include the time taken to acquire images, although this gets shorter with each generation of scanners, and the removal of the patient from the immediate view of the emergency or surgical staff. Many providers use the aid of an algorithm such as the ATLS guidelines to determine which images to obtain following the initial assessment. These algorithms take into account the mechanism of injury, physical examination, and patient's vital signs to determine whether patients should have imaging or proceed directly to surgery.

Paragraph 3: Brangwyn received some artistic training, probably from his father, and later from Arthur Heygate Mackmurdo and in the workshops of William Morris, but he was largely an autodidact without a formal artistic education. When, at the age of seventeen, one of his paintings was accepted at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition, he was strengthened in his conviction to become an artist. Initially, he painted traditional subjects about the sea and life on the seas. His 1890 canvas, Funeral At Sea won a medal of the third class at the 1891 Paris Salon. The murals for which Brangwyn was famous, and during his lifetime he was very famous indeed, were brightly coloured and crowded with details of plants and animals, although they became flatter and less flamboyant later in his life.

Paragraph 4: Some scholars state that the fustanella was derived from a series of ancient Greek garments such as the chiton (or tunic) and the  (or short military tunic). Although the pleated skirt has been linked to an ancient statue (3rd century BC) located in the area around the Acropolis in Athens, no ancient Greek clothing has survived to confirm that the origins of the fustanella are in the pleated garments or chitons worn by men in ancient Athens. However, a 5th-century BC relief statue was discovered in Vari Cave, Attica, by Charles Heald Weller of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, depicting a stonecutter, Archedemus the Nympholept, wearing a fustanella-like garment; the short tunic he wears is tied in folds in the waist like a fustanella, which was a common practice during agricultural or other manual labor. 

Paragraph 5: The County of Anjou followed inheritance by agnatic seniority. When Henry II of England married Eleanor of Aquitaine, creating the Angevin Empire, this resulted in some question over what inheritance laws would affect their children, as Henry II's father was the count of Anjou, and he inherited England and Normandy through his mother. Henry II's eldest son the Young Henry died before him, so the throne passed to his next oldest son, Richard I of England. Henry II's third son Geoffrey II, Duke of Brittany died three years before his father, but his pregnant wife later gave birth to a son, Arthur of Brittany. When Richard was mortally wounded during a castle siege, on his deathbed he named his brother John, Henry II's fourth and youngest son, as his heir. However, the inheritance was questioned by the young Arthur of Brittany (then 12 years old). Arthur argued that as the son of John's older brother Geoffrey, he was the rightful heir of Richard and Henry II according to the laws of agnatic primogeniture which were followed in England and Normandy. John countered that as the male-line heirs of the Counts of Anjou, the Angevin Empire followed the succession law of Anjou which was based on agnatic seniority. Thus, John claimed that as Richard's younger brother, he stood in line ahead of his nephew. Arthur continued to press his claim for the next four years, allying with the king of France against John, though Richard's deathbed declaration of John as his heir provided greater strength to his claim. Ultimately Arthur was captured in battle, imprisoned, and presumably killed by John. The matter was never definitively decided, as John lost all continental land possessions in France and had to relinquish any claim to rule of Anjou.

Paragraph 6: The lane snapper has an oblong, compressed body. It has a sharply pointed snout, With a pair of front and a pair of rear nostrils which are simple holes, it has a relatively large mouth  with a moderately protrusible upper jaw which has most of its length below the cheek bone when the mouth is shut., Each jaw has one or more rows of sharp, conical teeth with a few of these being enlarged to form canines. The vomerine teeth are arranged in an anchor shaped patch of teeth with a short rearwards extension along the middle of the palate and there is a pair of tooth patches ar either side of the palate. The preopercle is serrated, and has a weakly developed incision and knob. It has a continuous dorsal fin which has 10 spines and 12-13 soft rays, with a slight incision sometimes visible between the spines and soft rays, the anal fin has 3 spines and 8-9 soft rays. It has relatively short pectoral fins which do not extend as far as the anus and contain 15-16 fin rays. The caudal fin is emarginate. This fish attains a maximum total length of , although  is more typical, and the maximum published weight is . This species has two colour phases, a deep-water phase which is darker and more distinctive than the colour of the shallow-water resting phase. In both phases the upper flanks and the back are pink to red with a green tint on the back. The lower flanks and abdomen are silver with a yellow hue. There are 3-4 yellow stripes on the head which extend from the snout to the eye, The flanks are marked with 8-10 yellow to pink longitudinal stripes, with a further 3-4 underneath the front dorsal fin ray. They have an indistinct black spot underneath the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. The fins are may be yellow to red.

Paragraph 7: Hugh Trevor-Roper, a British historian who was then a student studying in Oxford, wrote to his mother with an account of the Battle of Carfax:"Great damage to the Blackshirts was done by one of the dons of Christ Church (Frank Pakenham), who, being struck over the head by a Blackshirt with a steel chain, was roused to a berserk fury." Elizabeth Longford, a British historian who later married Frank Pakenham, recounted the violent ejection of journalist Basil Murray by Blackshirts which preceded the violence:‘Mosley gave a sign to the posse and Blackshirts moved forward and seized Basil. The bus drivers picked up the chairs and bashed the posse over the head with the chairs. You couldn’t see across the hall as it was swirling with dust. Olive Gibbs, the future chair of Oxford City Council and the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, described the battle of Carfax:‘…anyone in the audience daring to venture a contradictory viewpoint was summarily and with unbelievable brutality ejected.’  Patrick Gordon Walker, the future chair of the British Film Institute and a member of parliament for almost 30 years, wrote articles for a local publication denouncing Mosley's behaviour and blaming the violence on the Blackshirts:"It is very difficult for the outsider who has not been to a Mosley meeting to realise the menace to democracy and free speech represented by his movement. It is not that the Fascists themselves go about directly causing violence and breaking up meetings: their technique is much more subtle and dangerous than that. Their technique is well illustrated in the recent meeting at Oxford. From the very beginning, a deliberate attempt was made to provoke the crowd and bring it to a high and excited pitch of indignation. The mere presence of Blackshirt stewards along the walls and round the platform was calculated to anger the crowd."  Richard Crossman, the future chair of the Labour Party, professor, and editor of the New Statesman, denounced Mosley's tactics and sympathised with the anti-fascists:"I cannot pretend I am sorry that an Oxford audience did not take this ‘sitting down.’ It is Mosley’s peculiar art to make decent law-abiding people see red. In that case it might be better for the decent law-abiding people to leave him to mouth in a vacuum."Frank Pakenham, who took part in the Battle of Carfax and fought against the fascists, also gave a published account of the Battle of Carfax:"Whether or no Mosley and his agents are guilty of having committed criminal offences on Monday is for the courts to decide; but in any case, no decent person who was present is likely to attend any more meetings addressed by this grotesque clown. For his dupes, even for the wretched quartet who continued to rabbit-punch me for some time after the uproar had subsided, I feel nothing but pity. They looked timid and uneasy, and anything but happy to have to carry out their leader’s work. Thank God, Oxford is not likely to be impressed by the mechanical bleating of this gimcrack fencing master, so facetious about working-class accents, so deaf to the sound of his own."

Paragraph 8: Thus Andronikos II's successor Andronikos III Palaiologos (1328–1341), immediately after his accession, with the help of contributions from various magnates, assembled a large fleet of reportedly 105 vessels. This he personally led in the last major foray of a Byzantine navy in the Aegean, recovering Chios and Phocaea from the Genoese and forcing various smaller Latin and Turkish principalities to come to terms with him. His campaigns against the Ottomans in Bithynia were failures, however, and soon the Ottomans had established their first naval base at Trigleia on the Sea of Marmara, from where they raided the coasts of Thrace. To defend against this new threat, towards the end of Andronikos III's reign a fleet of some 70 ships was built at Constantinople to oppose the Turkish raids, and headed by the , Alexios Apokaukos. This fleet was very active during the civil war of 1341–1347, in which its commander played a prominent role. Following the civil war, Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos (1347–1354) tried to restore the navy and merchant fleet, as a means of both reducing the Empire's economic dependency on the Genoese colony of Galata, which controlled the trade passing through Constantinople, and of securing the control of the Dardanelles against passage by the Turks. To that end, he enlisted the aid of the Venetians, but in March 1349, his newly built fleet of nine warships and about 100 smaller vessels were caught in a storm off the southern shore of Constantinople. The inexperienced crews panicked, and the ships were either sunk or captured by the Genoese. Undeterred, Kantakouzenos launched another effort at building a fleet, which allowed him to re-establish Byzantine authority over Thessalonica and some coastal cities and islands. A core of this fleet was maintained at Constantinople, and although Byzantine ships remained active in the Aegean, and scored some successes over Turkish pirates, they were never able to stop their activities, let alone challenge the Italian navies for supremacy at sea. Lack of funds condemned the fleet to a mere handful of vessels maintained at Constantinople. It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the  Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises against the maintenance of a navy, on the grounds that resources were insufficient to adequately maintain both it and an effective army.

Paragraph 9: The lane snapper has an oblong, compressed body. It has a sharply pointed snout, With a pair of front and a pair of rear nostrils which are simple holes, it has a relatively large mouth  with a moderately protrusible upper jaw which has most of its length below the cheek bone when the mouth is shut., Each jaw has one or more rows of sharp, conical teeth with a few of these being enlarged to form canines. The vomerine teeth are arranged in an anchor shaped patch of teeth with a short rearwards extension along the middle of the palate and there is a pair of tooth patches ar either side of the palate. The preopercle is serrated, and has a weakly developed incision and knob. It has a continuous dorsal fin which has 10 spines and 12-13 soft rays, with a slight incision sometimes visible between the spines and soft rays, the anal fin has 3 spines and 8-9 soft rays. It has relatively short pectoral fins which do not extend as far as the anus and contain 15-16 fin rays. The caudal fin is emarginate. This fish attains a maximum total length of , although  is more typical, and the maximum published weight is . This species has two colour phases, a deep-water phase which is darker and more distinctive than the colour of the shallow-water resting phase. In both phases the upper flanks and the back are pink to red with a green tint on the back. The lower flanks and abdomen are silver with a yellow hue. There are 3-4 yellow stripes on the head which extend from the snout to the eye, The flanks are marked with 8-10 yellow to pink longitudinal stripes, with a further 3-4 underneath the front dorsal fin ray. They have an indistinct black spot underneath the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. The fins are may be yellow to red.

Paragraph 10: Keith arrives with his partner, Rosie (Gerry Cowper), their twins, Darren (Charlie G. Hawkins) and Demi (Shana Swash), and the family dog, Genghis, joining Rosie's son, Mickey (Joe Swash) and moving into 27 Albert Square. They are later joined by Demi's newborn baby, Aleesha (Freya Coltman-West), Rosie's daughter, Dawn Swann (Kara Tointon), and Dawn's daughter, Summer Swann. Keith, who does not work and spends his time watching documentaries on television, has his incapacity benefits stopped when Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) catches him on CCTV moving heavy boxes and reports him for benefit fraud. However, he remains unemployed, and it is revealed that he is illiterate, but, his family encouraged him to learn to read and write. Rosie drops several hints that she wants Keith to propose, but he eventually leaves her when he discovers that she plans to leave him for her ex-husband, Mike Swann (Mark Wingett), and he moves in with Garry Hobbs (Ricky Groves) and Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi). He later forgives Rosie when she begs for another chance and moves back in with her. Mike moves out, but, leaves a message for Dawn on the Millers' answering machine. Keith deletes the message, as he does not want Mike to have anything to do with the family. Mike's mother, Nora Swann (Pamela Cundell), later dies in hospital and they have no way of contacting Mike to let him know. Rosie kicks Keith out and he moves in with Gus (Mohammed George) and Juley Smith (Joseph Kpobie). Keith desperately wants Rosie back and knows that the only thing he can offer her is marriage. He proposes and they get back together, but, Keith tries to delay the wedding, as he is not really interested in getting married. He later realizes that nothing will really change after they get married and soon changes his mind.

Paragraph 11: Brangwyn received some artistic training, probably from his father, and later from Arthur Heygate Mackmurdo and in the workshops of William Morris, but he was largely an autodidact without a formal artistic education. When, at the age of seventeen, one of his paintings was accepted at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition, he was strengthened in his conviction to become an artist. Initially, he painted traditional subjects about the sea and life on the seas. His 1890 canvas, Funeral At Sea won a medal of the third class at the 1891 Paris Salon. The murals for which Brangwyn was famous, and during his lifetime he was very famous indeed, were brightly coloured and crowded with details of plants and animals, although they became flatter and less flamboyant later in his life.

Paragraph 12: Magical spells are created through the use of spell components. Start with one Aspect. Mix in a specific ratio of Powders, Jewels, Stones, and Candles. Then say the magic word. This creates a base of a magic spell that can be duplicated and used in battle. If the wrong formula is used, the player will die in one of many horrific deaths. The key is to solve the formulas by information both gathered in game and in the game's manual. The manual contains a mostly empty table where players can write-in all the spells they make in the game. Later, the player can modify his spells to customize them by slightly altering their formula to enhance one or many attributes.

Paragraph 13: Thus Andronikos II's successor Andronikos III Palaiologos (1328–1341), immediately after his accession, with the help of contributions from various magnates, assembled a large fleet of reportedly 105 vessels. This he personally led in the last major foray of a Byzantine navy in the Aegean, recovering Chios and Phocaea from the Genoese and forcing various smaller Latin and Turkish principalities to come to terms with him. His campaigns against the Ottomans in Bithynia were failures, however, and soon the Ottomans had established their first naval base at Trigleia on the Sea of Marmara, from where they raided the coasts of Thrace. To defend against this new threat, towards the end of Andronikos III's reign a fleet of some 70 ships was built at Constantinople to oppose the Turkish raids, and headed by the , Alexios Apokaukos. This fleet was very active during the civil war of 1341–1347, in which its commander played a prominent role. Following the civil war, Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos (1347–1354) tried to restore the navy and merchant fleet, as a means of both reducing the Empire's economic dependency on the Genoese colony of Galata, which controlled the trade passing through Constantinople, and of securing the control of the Dardanelles against passage by the Turks. To that end, he enlisted the aid of the Venetians, but in March 1349, his newly built fleet of nine warships and about 100 smaller vessels were caught in a storm off the southern shore of Constantinople. The inexperienced crews panicked, and the ships were either sunk or captured by the Genoese. Undeterred, Kantakouzenos launched another effort at building a fleet, which allowed him to re-establish Byzantine authority over Thessalonica and some coastal cities and islands. A core of this fleet was maintained at Constantinople, and although Byzantine ships remained active in the Aegean, and scored some successes over Turkish pirates, they were never able to stop their activities, let alone challenge the Italian navies for supremacy at sea. Lack of funds condemned the fleet to a mere handful of vessels maintained at Constantinople. It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the  Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises against the maintenance of a navy, on the grounds that resources were insufficient to adequately maintain both it and an effective army.

Paragraph 14: Keith arrives with his partner, Rosie (Gerry Cowper), their twins, Darren (Charlie G. Hawkins) and Demi (Shana Swash), and the family dog, Genghis, joining Rosie's son, Mickey (Joe Swash) and moving into 27 Albert Square. They are later joined by Demi's newborn baby, Aleesha (Freya Coltman-West), Rosie's daughter, Dawn Swann (Kara Tointon), and Dawn's daughter, Summer Swann. Keith, who does not work and spends his time watching documentaries on television, has his incapacity benefits stopped when Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) catches him on CCTV moving heavy boxes and reports him for benefit fraud. However, he remains unemployed, and it is revealed that he is illiterate, but, his family encouraged him to learn to read and write. Rosie drops several hints that she wants Keith to propose, but he eventually leaves her when he discovers that she plans to leave him for her ex-husband, Mike Swann (Mark Wingett), and he moves in with Garry Hobbs (Ricky Groves) and Minty Peterson (Cliff Parisi). He later forgives Rosie when she begs for another chance and moves back in with her. Mike moves out, but, leaves a message for Dawn on the Millers' answering machine. Keith deletes the message, as he does not want Mike to have anything to do with the family. Mike's mother, Nora Swann (Pamela Cundell), later dies in hospital and they have no way of contacting Mike to let him know. Rosie kicks Keith out and he moves in with Gus (Mohammed George) and Juley Smith (Joseph Kpobie). Keith desperately wants Rosie back and knows that the only thing he can offer her is marriage. He proposes and they get back together, but, Keith tries to delay the wedding, as he is not really interested in getting married. He later realizes that nothing will really change after they get married and soon changes his mind.

Paragraph 15: Some scholars state that the fustanella was derived from a series of ancient Greek garments such as the chiton (or tunic) and the  (or short military tunic). Although the pleated skirt has been linked to an ancient statue (3rd century BC) located in the area around the Acropolis in Athens, no ancient Greek clothing has survived to confirm that the origins of the fustanella are in the pleated garments or chitons worn by men in ancient Athens. However, a 5th-century BC relief statue was discovered in Vari Cave, Attica, by Charles Heald Weller of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, depicting a stonecutter, Archedemus the Nympholept, wearing a fustanella-like garment; the short tunic he wears is tied in folds in the waist like a fustanella, which was a common practice during agricultural or other manual labor. 

Paragraph 16: SR 138 begins at an intersection with SR 92 (West Campbellton Street) in Fairburn, within Fulton County. In town, it heads southeast to US 29/SR 14 (Roosevelt Highway). It continues southeasterly to an interchange with Interstate 85 (I-85; James D. "Jim" McGee Memorial Highway) in Union City. Farther to the southeast is SR 279 (Old National Highway), just prior to reaching the tripoint that is the meeting point of Fulton, Fayette, and Clayton counties. It runs along the Fayette–Clayton county line for a short while. During that stretch, it intersects SR 314 (West Fayetteville Road). After entering Clayton County proper, it meets SR 85 in Riverdale. Northwest of Jonesboro is an intersection with SR 138 Spur (North Avenue), which is part of the former route of the SR 138 mainline through town. SR 138 now passes north of most of the town. Just to the northwest of SR 138 Spur is US 19/US 41/SR 3/SR 54 (Tara Boulevard). At this intersection, SR 54 runs concurrent to the east for about . On the northeastern edge of town, SR 54 splits off to the northeast on Jonesboro Road, and SR 138 curves to the southeast to meet is second intersection with SR 138 Spur (Stockbridge Road/Lake Spivey Parkway). Just before crossing into Henry County, SR 138 enters Stockbridge. In town, it has an interchange with I-75. The road re-enters Clayton County and slips out of the city limits for about . It has an interchange with I-675 (Terrell Starr Parkway), during that stretch. After re-entering both Henry County and Stockbridge's city limits, the road meets US 23/SR 42 (North Henry Boulevard). The three routes head concurrent to the east, until just outside the city. After the concurrency ends, SR 138 heads northeast to an intersection with SR 155 (Snapfinger Road), just before entering Rockdale County. The road crosses over the South River and intersects SR 212 (Scott Highway). In Conyers, SR 138 meets SR 20 (McDonough Highway). The two routes run concurrently to the north and northeast through town, with an interchange with I-20/US 278/SR 12 (Purple Heart Highway), until SR 20 heads northwest on Sigman Road NE and SR 138 continues to the northeast in the northeastern part of town. The highway crosses over the Yellow River and cuts across the northernmost corner of Newton County, before entering Walton County. Shortly after the county line is Walnut Grove, where SR 81 (Leone Avenue) runs through. SR 138 continues to the northeast and enters Monroe. In town, is an intersection with SR 10 Business (West Spring Street). It then meets at an interchange with US 78/SR 10. It then finally meets its eastern terminus a fifth of a mile north of the previous interchange. The roadway continues northeast for a mile as Charlotte Rowell Boulevard to Georgia State Route 11 in Monroe.

Paragraph 17: Van Exel's career began when he was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round as the 37th overall pick of the 1993 NBA draft. Van Exel and Eddie Jones were the centerpiece of the Lakers' rebuilding plan after the end of their successful Showtime era in the early '90s. Led by Van Exel's flashy play, the two guards helped the team to the playoffs in 1995 after the Lakers had missed the postseason for the first time in years in 1994. Van Exel was known for his shooting streaks, buzzer-beating shots, and speed, earning him the nickname "Nick the Quick".

Paragraph 18: Some scholars state that the fustanella was derived from a series of ancient Greek garments such as the chiton (or tunic) and the  (or short military tunic). Although the pleated skirt has been linked to an ancient statue (3rd century BC) located in the area around the Acropolis in Athens, no ancient Greek clothing has survived to confirm that the origins of the fustanella are in the pleated garments or chitons worn by men in ancient Athens. However, a 5th-century BC relief statue was discovered in Vari Cave, Attica, by Charles Heald Weller of the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, depicting a stonecutter, Archedemus the Nympholept, wearing a fustanella-like garment; the short tunic he wears is tied in folds in the waist like a fustanella, which was a common practice during agricultural or other manual labor. 

Paragraph 19: SR 138 begins at an intersection with SR 92 (West Campbellton Street) in Fairburn, within Fulton County. In town, it heads southeast to US 29/SR 14 (Roosevelt Highway). It continues southeasterly to an interchange with Interstate 85 (I-85; James D. "Jim" McGee Memorial Highway) in Union City. Farther to the southeast is SR 279 (Old National Highway), just prior to reaching the tripoint that is the meeting point of Fulton, Fayette, and Clayton counties. It runs along the Fayette–Clayton county line for a short while. During that stretch, it intersects SR 314 (West Fayetteville Road). After entering Clayton County proper, it meets SR 85 in Riverdale. Northwest of Jonesboro is an intersection with SR 138 Spur (North Avenue), which is part of the former route of the SR 138 mainline through town. SR 138 now passes north of most of the town. Just to the northwest of SR 138 Spur is US 19/US 41/SR 3/SR 54 (Tara Boulevard). At this intersection, SR 54 runs concurrent to the east for about . On the northeastern edge of town, SR 54 splits off to the northeast on Jonesboro Road, and SR 138 curves to the southeast to meet is second intersection with SR 138 Spur (Stockbridge Road/Lake Spivey Parkway). Just before crossing into Henry County, SR 138 enters Stockbridge. In town, it has an interchange with I-75. The road re-enters Clayton County and slips out of the city limits for about . It has an interchange with I-675 (Terrell Starr Parkway), during that stretch. After re-entering both Henry County and Stockbridge's city limits, the road meets US 23/SR 42 (North Henry Boulevard). The three routes head concurrent to the east, until just outside the city. After the concurrency ends, SR 138 heads northeast to an intersection with SR 155 (Snapfinger Road), just before entering Rockdale County. The road crosses over the South River and intersects SR 212 (Scott Highway). In Conyers, SR 138 meets SR 20 (McDonough Highway). The two routes run concurrently to the north and northeast through town, with an interchange with I-20/US 278/SR 12 (Purple Heart Highway), until SR 20 heads northwest on Sigman Road NE and SR 138 continues to the northeast in the northeastern part of town. The highway crosses over the Yellow River and cuts across the northernmost corner of Newton County, before entering Walton County. Shortly after the county line is Walnut Grove, where SR 81 (Leone Avenue) runs through. SR 138 continues to the northeast and enters Monroe. In town, is an intersection with SR 10 Business (West Spring Street). It then meets at an interchange with US 78/SR 10. It then finally meets its eastern terminus a fifth of a mile north of the previous interchange. The roadway continues northeast for a mile as Charlotte Rowell Boulevard to Georgia State Route 11 in Monroe.

Paragraph 20: Van Exel's career began when he was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round as the 37th overall pick of the 1993 NBA draft. Van Exel and Eddie Jones were the centerpiece of the Lakers' rebuilding plan after the end of their successful Showtime era in the early '90s. Led by Van Exel's flashy play, the two guards helped the team to the playoffs in 1995 after the Lakers had missed the postseason for the first time in years in 1994. Van Exel was known for his shooting streaks, buzzer-beating shots, and speed, earning him the nickname "Nick the Quick".

Paragraph 21: The lane snapper has an oblong, compressed body. It has a sharply pointed snout, With a pair of front and a pair of rear nostrils which are simple holes, it has a relatively large mouth  with a moderately protrusible upper jaw which has most of its length below the cheek bone when the mouth is shut., Each jaw has one or more rows of sharp, conical teeth with a few of these being enlarged to form canines. The vomerine teeth are arranged in an anchor shaped patch of teeth with a short rearwards extension along the middle of the palate and there is a pair of tooth patches ar either side of the palate. The preopercle is serrated, and has a weakly developed incision and knob. It has a continuous dorsal fin which has 10 spines and 12-13 soft rays, with a slight incision sometimes visible between the spines and soft rays, the anal fin has 3 spines and 8-9 soft rays. It has relatively short pectoral fins which do not extend as far as the anus and contain 15-16 fin rays. The caudal fin is emarginate. This fish attains a maximum total length of , although  is more typical, and the maximum published weight is . This species has two colour phases, a deep-water phase which is darker and more distinctive than the colour of the shallow-water resting phase. In both phases the upper flanks and the back are pink to red with a green tint on the back. The lower flanks and abdomen are silver with a yellow hue. There are 3-4 yellow stripes on the head which extend from the snout to the eye, The flanks are marked with 8-10 yellow to pink longitudinal stripes, with a further 3-4 underneath the front dorsal fin ray. They have an indistinct black spot underneath the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. The fins are may be yellow to red.

Paragraph 22: The lane snapper has an oblong, compressed body. It has a sharply pointed snout, With a pair of front and a pair of rear nostrils which are simple holes, it has a relatively large mouth  with a moderately protrusible upper jaw which has most of its length below the cheek bone when the mouth is shut., Each jaw has one or more rows of sharp, conical teeth with a few of these being enlarged to form canines. The vomerine teeth are arranged in an anchor shaped patch of teeth with a short rearwards extension along the middle of the palate and there is a pair of tooth patches ar either side of the palate. The preopercle is serrated, and has a weakly developed incision and knob. It has a continuous dorsal fin which has 10 spines and 12-13 soft rays, with a slight incision sometimes visible between the spines and soft rays, the anal fin has 3 spines and 8-9 soft rays. It has relatively short pectoral fins which do not extend as far as the anus and contain 15-16 fin rays. The caudal fin is emarginate. This fish attains a maximum total length of , although  is more typical, and the maximum published weight is . This species has two colour phases, a deep-water phase which is darker and more distinctive than the colour of the shallow-water resting phase. In both phases the upper flanks and the back are pink to red with a green tint on the back. The lower flanks and abdomen are silver with a yellow hue. There are 3-4 yellow stripes on the head which extend from the snout to the eye, The flanks are marked with 8-10 yellow to pink longitudinal stripes, with a further 3-4 underneath the front dorsal fin ray. They have an indistinct black spot underneath the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin. The fins are may be yellow to red.

Paragraph 23: Thus Andronikos II's successor Andronikos III Palaiologos (1328–1341), immediately after his accession, with the help of contributions from various magnates, assembled a large fleet of reportedly 105 vessels. This he personally led in the last major foray of a Byzantine navy in the Aegean, recovering Chios and Phocaea from the Genoese and forcing various smaller Latin and Turkish principalities to come to terms with him. His campaigns against the Ottomans in Bithynia were failures, however, and soon the Ottomans had established their first naval base at Trigleia on the Sea of Marmara, from where they raided the coasts of Thrace. To defend against this new threat, towards the end of Andronikos III's reign a fleet of some 70 ships was built at Constantinople to oppose the Turkish raids, and headed by the , Alexios Apokaukos. This fleet was very active during the civil war of 1341–1347, in which its commander played a prominent role. Following the civil war, Emperor John VI Kantakouzenos (1347–1354) tried to restore the navy and merchant fleet, as a means of both reducing the Empire's economic dependency on the Genoese colony of Galata, which controlled the trade passing through Constantinople, and of securing the control of the Dardanelles against passage by the Turks. To that end, he enlisted the aid of the Venetians, but in March 1349, his newly built fleet of nine warships and about 100 smaller vessels were caught in a storm off the southern shore of Constantinople. The inexperienced crews panicked, and the ships were either sunk or captured by the Genoese. Undeterred, Kantakouzenos launched another effort at building a fleet, which allowed him to re-establish Byzantine authority over Thessalonica and some coastal cities and islands. A core of this fleet was maintained at Constantinople, and although Byzantine ships remained active in the Aegean, and scored some successes over Turkish pirates, they were never able to stop their activities, let alone challenge the Italian navies for supremacy at sea. Lack of funds condemned the fleet to a mere handful of vessels maintained at Constantinople. It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the  Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises against the maintenance of a navy, on the grounds that resources were insufficient to adequately maintain both it and an effective army.

Paragraph 24: The County of Anjou followed inheritance by agnatic seniority. When Henry II of England married Eleanor of Aquitaine, creating the Angevin Empire, this resulted in some question over what inheritance laws would affect their children, as Henry II's father was the count of Anjou, and he inherited England and Normandy through his mother. Henry II's eldest son the Young Henry died before him, so the throne passed to his next oldest son, Richard I of England. Henry II's third son Geoffrey II, Duke of Brittany died three years before his father, but his pregnant wife later gave birth to a son, Arthur of Brittany. When Richard was mortally wounded during a castle siege, on his deathbed he named his brother John, Henry II's fourth and youngest son, as his heir. However, the inheritance was questioned by the young Arthur of Brittany (then 12 years old). Arthur argued that as the son of John's older brother Geoffrey, he was the rightful heir of Richard and Henry II according to the laws of agnatic primogeniture which were followed in England and Normandy. John countered that as the male-line heirs of the Counts of Anjou, the Angevin Empire followed the succession law of Anjou which was based on agnatic seniority. Thus, John claimed that as Richard's younger brother, he stood in line ahead of his nephew. Arthur continued to press his claim for the next four years, allying with the king of France against John, though Richard's deathbed declaration of John as his heir provided greater strength to his claim. Ultimately Arthur was captured in battle, imprisoned, and presumably killed by John. The matter was never definitively decided, as John lost all continental land possessions in France and had to relinquish any claim to rule of Anjou.