Paragraph 1: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 2: Michael sees Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) and Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) leaving The Queen Vic after breaking into it, but tells Kat, Alfie and Eddie that he saw Ronnie running from the scene. Everyone believes Michael and he sets Ronnie up repeatedly. Roxy refuses to believe Ronnie until she sees a text message on Ronnie's phone sent by Michael and Roxy ends the relationship. Eddie and Michael seem to make amends, but Eddie is unaware that it is part of a scheme, which includes paying a boxer to allow Tyler to believe he is a talented boxer and paying Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) to break Eddie's heart. Michael also sets up an unlicensed boxing match between an ambitious Tyler and a superior boxer, Artie Stiller (Maurice Lee). Tyler wins but suffers a seizure afterwards. At the hospital, Eddie reveals Michael has a brother, Craig Moon (Elliott Rosen), who has Down's syndrome. He takes Michael to meet Craig and Eddie reveals that Craig is his full brother, who he placed in a care home. After talking with Craig, Michael accuses Eddie of rejecting him, but Eddie reveals that his mother committed suicide and that she used Michael to get back at Eddie. Michael apologises to Eddie and the two reconcile. Vanessa asks Michael for her money but he says the deal is off, so Vanessa tells Eddie about Michael's scheme. Eddie tells Tyler and Michael's other half-brother Anthony Moon (Matt Lapinskas) what Michael was doing before leaving Walford, leaving Michael rejected by his family. Michael starts a relationship with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). When Max and Jack's brother, Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman) arrives in Walford, Michael is fearful of him as Derek had bullied him when they were younger. Janine later discovers she is pregnant and the couple decide to keep the baby. Michael suggests to David Wicks (Michael French) that they should team up to get Derek arrested and David agrees. Michael plants stolen goods in Derek's home but Derek catches Michael in the act, and Michael says it was David's plan. Derek uses Michael to lure David to meet him, and Derek forces David to leave Walford. When Tyler and Anthony are in debt to Derek, Anthony asks Michael for help but Michael locks Anthony in his office and calls the police on Derek. Derek threatens to kill Anthony and Tyler, and Michael suggests they leave. They soon discover he called the police and confront him. Janine hears about the trouble and pays the debt. Michael allows Derek to beat him up hoping it will help, but then discovers the debt was already paid.

Paragraph 3: Parker and Stone were unhappy with the turkey attack subplot, which they felt "never really went anywhere" and ended abruptly without any satisfying conclusion. They nevertheless included it because they felt obligated to include a B story, since every episode in the season so far had included one. Later in the series, they said they realized this was not necessary and made many episodes without a B story. Although the duo liked the "payoff" of the Starvin' Marvin main plot, they did not know how to end the turkey subplot, so they simply had the characters kill all the turkeys and claim that there were none left; they decided this sudden ending was the funniest possible option. Stone said of the subplot, "The turkeys were just an excuse to have the Braveheart sequence." The animators enjoyed creating the turkey battle scene, which was designed to be shown in widescreen aspect ratio while the rest of the episode was animated normally. However, the animation proved to be very difficult and took a long time to do because it involved a larger number of characters and animals in one scene than had ever been featured previously in the show. Some of the characters in the far background were animated in a gray and shadowy style, which Parker said was not so much a visual effect as it was a "lighting effect meaning we didn't want to draw all these people".

Paragraph 4: Parker and Stone were unhappy with the turkey attack subplot, which they felt "never really went anywhere" and ended abruptly without any satisfying conclusion. They nevertheless included it because they felt obligated to include a B story, since every episode in the season so far had included one. Later in the series, they said they realized this was not necessary and made many episodes without a B story. Although the duo liked the "payoff" of the Starvin' Marvin main plot, they did not know how to end the turkey subplot, so they simply had the characters kill all the turkeys and claim that there were none left; they decided this sudden ending was the funniest possible option. Stone said of the subplot, "The turkeys were just an excuse to have the Braveheart sequence." The animators enjoyed creating the turkey battle scene, which was designed to be shown in widescreen aspect ratio while the rest of the episode was animated normally. However, the animation proved to be very difficult and took a long time to do because it involved a larger number of characters and animals in one scene than had ever been featured previously in the show. Some of the characters in the far background were animated in a gray and shadowy style, which Parker said was not so much a visual effect as it was a "lighting effect meaning we didn't want to draw all these people".

Paragraph 5: In the Kobalt 400 at Las Vegas, Busch collided with Joey Logano as the two battled for a top-five finish on the final lap. The contact spun Busch out and onto pit road, relegating him to 22nd, while Logano finished fourth. After the race, Busch confronted Logano on pit road. Before words could be exchanged, Busch threw a punch, but it is unclear if the punch landed. Logano and his crew then quickly took Busch to the ground. Busch suffered a bloody forehead in the brawl. "I got dumped, flat-out dumped," Busch stated in a post-race interview. "He just drove straight into the corner and wrecked me. That's how Joey races so, he's gonna get it." Neither driver was penalized for the fight. The following week at Phoenix, Busch led a race-high 114 laps and was in position to win before Logano's tire blew with five laps to go to bring out the caution. For the final restart, Ryan Newman stayed out and went on to win, while Busch finished third. Busch finished 8th the next week at Auto Club Speedway. He then led a race-high 274 laps the following week at Martinsville but finished 2nd to Brad Keselowski. Kyle Busch won the exhibition All Star Race held at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20, and followed it up with his then best finish in the Coca-Cola 600 coming in 2nd-place. At Indianapolis, Busch looked to defend the previous year's Brickyard 400 win. He won the first two stages easily, but when he decided to race Truex for the lead in the third stage, starting second, the two slammed into the wall, ending both drivers' days. Busch had led 1,000+ laps in 2017 coming to the second Pocono race in July, where he had yet to win. He started on the pole, led the most laps, and retook the lead from Kevin Harvick for his 39th career victory. It was his first at Pocono and left Charlotte Motor Speedway as the only track where Busch had yet to win at in the Cup Series. On August 19, Busch swept the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He won all stages in the truck race on Wednesday and did the same in the Xfinity Series race on Friday. Busch would go on to win the Cup race on Saturday night after holding off a hard charging Erik Jones, who up to that point was dominating the race. Busch would go on to accomplish his second Bristol sweep. He later went on to help teammate Hamlin win the Southern 500 two weeks later.

Paragraph 6: On August 28, 2010, Obariyon made his professional wrestling debut for the Chikara promotion, defeating Dustin Rayz in the first round of the Young Lions Cup VIII tournament. Unlike all other rookies in the tournament, Chikara never explained who Obariyon was and where he had come from. Later that same day, he took part in a six-way elimination semifinal match, from which he eliminated both Adam Cole and Keita Yano, before being eliminated himself by Ophidian. The following day, Obariyon defeated Mike Sydal in a non-tournament singles match. On September 18, Obariyon entered a four-way tag team match, teaming with the debuting Kodama, with the two wearing identical attire and face paint. The two were the second team eliminated from the match by The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). In their next appearance on October 23, Kodama and Obariyon picked up a big tag team win over former Chikara Campeones de Parejas, the Super Smash Bros. of Player Uno and Player Dos, and followed that up by defeating another set of former champions, The Osirian Portal, on November 20. The following day, Kodama and Obariyon revealed themselves as the two mysterious hooded men, who had been following UltraMantis Black since July. However, when they went to help UltraMantis during his Falls Count Anywhere match against rival Ares, a third hooded figure appeared and summoned the two away from the ringside area, leading to UltraMantis losing the match to Ares, who was helped by his Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK) stablemate Tursas. During the season finale on December 12, the third hooded figure revealed himself as Sinn Bodhi and demanded that UltraMantis hand him the Eye of Tyr, a mysterious artifact that could in storyline be used to control minds. When UltraMantis was unable to produce the artifact, Bodhi led Obariyon, Kodama and a third masked man, who was later named Kobald, into an attack on UltraMantis, who was then saved by Frightmare and Hallowicked. Two days later UltraMantis revealed shed light on the storyline around him, Bodhi and The Batiri in a blog entry on Chikara's official website, claiming that after the debut of BDK, he had gone soul searching and ran into three strange beings, who, while a possible asset to his stable, the Order of the Neo-Solar Temple, needed training. UltraMantis could not send them to the Chikara Wrestle Factory, which was run by BDK leader Claudio Castagnoli and turned to his old acquaintance Sinn Bodhi for help. In storyline, Bodhi trained the three in exchange for the Eye of Tyr, but UltraMantis claimed that he never agreed to hand him the artifact, which in fact was no longer even in his possession as it had been stolen by Ares.

Paragraph 7: Michael sees Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) and Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) leaving The Queen Vic after breaking into it, but tells Kat, Alfie and Eddie that he saw Ronnie running from the scene. Everyone believes Michael and he sets Ronnie up repeatedly. Roxy refuses to believe Ronnie until she sees a text message on Ronnie's phone sent by Michael and Roxy ends the relationship. Eddie and Michael seem to make amends, but Eddie is unaware that it is part of a scheme, which includes paying a boxer to allow Tyler to believe he is a talented boxer and paying Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) to break Eddie's heart. Michael also sets up an unlicensed boxing match between an ambitious Tyler and a superior boxer, Artie Stiller (Maurice Lee). Tyler wins but suffers a seizure afterwards. At the hospital, Eddie reveals Michael has a brother, Craig Moon (Elliott Rosen), who has Down's syndrome. He takes Michael to meet Craig and Eddie reveals that Craig is his full brother, who he placed in a care home. After talking with Craig, Michael accuses Eddie of rejecting him, but Eddie reveals that his mother committed suicide and that she used Michael to get back at Eddie. Michael apologises to Eddie and the two reconcile. Vanessa asks Michael for her money but he says the deal is off, so Vanessa tells Eddie about Michael's scheme. Eddie tells Tyler and Michael's other half-brother Anthony Moon (Matt Lapinskas) what Michael was doing before leaving Walford, leaving Michael rejected by his family. Michael starts a relationship with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). When Max and Jack's brother, Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman) arrives in Walford, Michael is fearful of him as Derek had bullied him when they were younger. Janine later discovers she is pregnant and the couple decide to keep the baby. Michael suggests to David Wicks (Michael French) that they should team up to get Derek arrested and David agrees. Michael plants stolen goods in Derek's home but Derek catches Michael in the act, and Michael says it was David's plan. Derek uses Michael to lure David to meet him, and Derek forces David to leave Walford. When Tyler and Anthony are in debt to Derek, Anthony asks Michael for help but Michael locks Anthony in his office and calls the police on Derek. Derek threatens to kill Anthony and Tyler, and Michael suggests they leave. They soon discover he called the police and confront him. Janine hears about the trouble and pays the debt. Michael allows Derek to beat him up hoping it will help, but then discovers the debt was already paid.

Paragraph 8: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 9: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 10: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 11: In the Kobalt 400 at Las Vegas, Busch collided with Joey Logano as the two battled for a top-five finish on the final lap. The contact spun Busch out and onto pit road, relegating him to 22nd, while Logano finished fourth. After the race, Busch confronted Logano on pit road. Before words could be exchanged, Busch threw a punch, but it is unclear if the punch landed. Logano and his crew then quickly took Busch to the ground. Busch suffered a bloody forehead in the brawl. "I got dumped, flat-out dumped," Busch stated in a post-race interview. "He just drove straight into the corner and wrecked me. That's how Joey races so, he's gonna get it." Neither driver was penalized for the fight. The following week at Phoenix, Busch led a race-high 114 laps and was in position to win before Logano's tire blew with five laps to go to bring out the caution. For the final restart, Ryan Newman stayed out and went on to win, while Busch finished third. Busch finished 8th the next week at Auto Club Speedway. He then led a race-high 274 laps the following week at Martinsville but finished 2nd to Brad Keselowski. Kyle Busch won the exhibition All Star Race held at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20, and followed it up with his then best finish in the Coca-Cola 600 coming in 2nd-place. At Indianapolis, Busch looked to defend the previous year's Brickyard 400 win. He won the first two stages easily, but when he decided to race Truex for the lead in the third stage, starting second, the two slammed into the wall, ending both drivers' days. Busch had led 1,000+ laps in 2017 coming to the second Pocono race in July, where he had yet to win. He started on the pole, led the most laps, and retook the lead from Kevin Harvick for his 39th career victory. It was his first at Pocono and left Charlotte Motor Speedway as the only track where Busch had yet to win at in the Cup Series. On August 19, Busch swept the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He won all stages in the truck race on Wednesday and did the same in the Xfinity Series race on Friday. Busch would go on to win the Cup race on Saturday night after holding off a hard charging Erik Jones, who up to that point was dominating the race. Busch would go on to accomplish his second Bristol sweep. He later went on to help teammate Hamlin win the Southern 500 two weeks later.

Paragraph 12: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 13: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 14: On August 28, 2010, Obariyon made his professional wrestling debut for the Chikara promotion, defeating Dustin Rayz in the first round of the Young Lions Cup VIII tournament. Unlike all other rookies in the tournament, Chikara never explained who Obariyon was and where he had come from. Later that same day, he took part in a six-way elimination semifinal match, from which he eliminated both Adam Cole and Keita Yano, before being eliminated himself by Ophidian. The following day, Obariyon defeated Mike Sydal in a non-tournament singles match. On September 18, Obariyon entered a four-way tag team match, teaming with the debuting Kodama, with the two wearing identical attire and face paint. The two were the second team eliminated from the match by The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). In their next appearance on October 23, Kodama and Obariyon picked up a big tag team win over former Chikara Campeones de Parejas, the Super Smash Bros. of Player Uno and Player Dos, and followed that up by defeating another set of former champions, The Osirian Portal, on November 20. The following day, Kodama and Obariyon revealed themselves as the two mysterious hooded men, who had been following UltraMantis Black since July. However, when they went to help UltraMantis during his Falls Count Anywhere match against rival Ares, a third hooded figure appeared and summoned the two away from the ringside area, leading to UltraMantis losing the match to Ares, who was helped by his Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK) stablemate Tursas. During the season finale on December 12, the third hooded figure revealed himself as Sinn Bodhi and demanded that UltraMantis hand him the Eye of Tyr, a mysterious artifact that could in storyline be used to control minds. When UltraMantis was unable to produce the artifact, Bodhi led Obariyon, Kodama and a third masked man, who was later named Kobald, into an attack on UltraMantis, who was then saved by Frightmare and Hallowicked. Two days later UltraMantis revealed shed light on the storyline around him, Bodhi and The Batiri in a blog entry on Chikara's official website, claiming that after the debut of BDK, he had gone soul searching and ran into three strange beings, who, while a possible asset to his stable, the Order of the Neo-Solar Temple, needed training. UltraMantis could not send them to the Chikara Wrestle Factory, which was run by BDK leader Claudio Castagnoli and turned to his old acquaintance Sinn Bodhi for help. In storyline, Bodhi trained the three in exchange for the Eye of Tyr, but UltraMantis claimed that he never agreed to hand him the artifact, which in fact was no longer even in his possession as it had been stolen by Ares.

Paragraph 15: Veeraju (Satyanarayana) is a deadly gangster who creates fake currency along with his partners Prasad (Relangi) & Kamini (Mohana) with the help of an artist Sridhar (Tyagaraju). After the completion of their work, Veeraju brutally kills Sridhar, which was witnessed by his son Gopi (Master Rajkumar) who decides to take revenge against him. On the other side, Kamini poisons Prasad but takes his daughter Sarada along with her. Before leaving, Veeraju meets his wife Janaki (Rukmini) and son Chitti Babu (Master Krishnaji Nag). Here the police arrest Janaki on suspicion and Chitti Babu becomes alone. An orphan Maruthi (Master Visweswara Rao) takes care of him and changes his name to Ramu. Fortunately, Gopi also joins them and they all become one family. Years roll by, Gopi (N. T. Rama Rao), Ramu (Shobhan Babu) and Maruthi (Chalam) stay as tenants at Govindaiah's (Allu Ramalingaiah) house. Ramu loves his daughter Lalitha (Geetanjali), an arrogant woman and marries her. Gopi is still in search of Veeraju, who turned into Raja Shekaram, makes the public believe as a noble & kindhearted person. He showcases Kamini as his wife and Sarada (Vanisri) as the daughter. Sarada is a doctor, she gets acquainted with Gopi and they fall in love. After facing many problems, Janaki takes shelter of Gopi and shows motherly affection to 3 brothers without knowing that Ramu is her own. Once she sees Veeraju, but she drags behind, thinking that he has remarried Kamini. Meanwhile, Maruthi loves a girl Geetha (Chandrakala), daughter of a prostitute Anasuya (Chaya Devi). Raja Shekaram is behind Geetha and Gopi recognizes him as Veeraju by the tattoo on his hand while protecting Geetha. After that, Maruthi marries Geetha but Lalitha and her father did not accept and create disputes between the brothers which leads to the breakup of the family. Shockingly, Prasad is alive, but became mad and joins as a patient in Sarada's hospital. Sarada takes care of him with love & affection without. Gopi follows Veeraju like a shadow, when he is about to kill him, Janaki obstructs his way. At that point in time, she learns her husband is the murderer of Gopi's father and struck in between motherhood and husband's safety. She too recognizes Ramu as Chitti Babu even after knowing that Veeraju is his father, Ramu stands for piety. Simultaneously, Sarada also knows that Prasad is her father. At last, in the final battle, Janaki sacrifices her life while protecting Gopi and requests Gopi to leave her husband. Veeraju also feels out of contrition and surrenders himself to Police. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the reunion of 3 brothers.

Paragraph 16: Parker and Stone were unhappy with the turkey attack subplot, which they felt "never really went anywhere" and ended abruptly without any satisfying conclusion. They nevertheless included it because they felt obligated to include a B story, since every episode in the season so far had included one. Later in the series, they said they realized this was not necessary and made many episodes without a B story. Although the duo liked the "payoff" of the Starvin' Marvin main plot, they did not know how to end the turkey subplot, so they simply had the characters kill all the turkeys and claim that there were none left; they decided this sudden ending was the funniest possible option. Stone said of the subplot, "The turkeys were just an excuse to have the Braveheart sequence." The animators enjoyed creating the turkey battle scene, which was designed to be shown in widescreen aspect ratio while the rest of the episode was animated normally. However, the animation proved to be very difficult and took a long time to do because it involved a larger number of characters and animals in one scene than had ever been featured previously in the show. Some of the characters in the far background were animated in a gray and shadowy style, which Parker said was not so much a visual effect as it was a "lighting effect meaning we didn't want to draw all these people".

Paragraph 17: Michael sees Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) and Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) leaving The Queen Vic after breaking into it, but tells Kat, Alfie and Eddie that he saw Ronnie running from the scene. Everyone believes Michael and he sets Ronnie up repeatedly. Roxy refuses to believe Ronnie until she sees a text message on Ronnie's phone sent by Michael and Roxy ends the relationship. Eddie and Michael seem to make amends, but Eddie is unaware that it is part of a scheme, which includes paying a boxer to allow Tyler to believe he is a talented boxer and paying Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) to break Eddie's heart. Michael also sets up an unlicensed boxing match between an ambitious Tyler and a superior boxer, Artie Stiller (Maurice Lee). Tyler wins but suffers a seizure afterwards. At the hospital, Eddie reveals Michael has a brother, Craig Moon (Elliott Rosen), who has Down's syndrome. He takes Michael to meet Craig and Eddie reveals that Craig is his full brother, who he placed in a care home. After talking with Craig, Michael accuses Eddie of rejecting him, but Eddie reveals that his mother committed suicide and that she used Michael to get back at Eddie. Michael apologises to Eddie and the two reconcile. Vanessa asks Michael for her money but he says the deal is off, so Vanessa tells Eddie about Michael's scheme. Eddie tells Tyler and Michael's other half-brother Anthony Moon (Matt Lapinskas) what Michael was doing before leaving Walford, leaving Michael rejected by his family. Michael starts a relationship with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). When Max and Jack's brother, Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman) arrives in Walford, Michael is fearful of him as Derek had bullied him when they were younger. Janine later discovers she is pregnant and the couple decide to keep the baby. Michael suggests to David Wicks (Michael French) that they should team up to get Derek arrested and David agrees. Michael plants stolen goods in Derek's home but Derek catches Michael in the act, and Michael says it was David's plan. Derek uses Michael to lure David to meet him, and Derek forces David to leave Walford. When Tyler and Anthony are in debt to Derek, Anthony asks Michael for help but Michael locks Anthony in his office and calls the police on Derek. Derek threatens to kill Anthony and Tyler, and Michael suggests they leave. They soon discover he called the police and confront him. Janine hears about the trouble and pays the debt. Michael allows Derek to beat him up hoping it will help, but then discovers the debt was already paid.

Paragraph 18: In the Kobalt 400 at Las Vegas, Busch collided with Joey Logano as the two battled for a top-five finish on the final lap. The contact spun Busch out and onto pit road, relegating him to 22nd, while Logano finished fourth. After the race, Busch confronted Logano on pit road. Before words could be exchanged, Busch threw a punch, but it is unclear if the punch landed. Logano and his crew then quickly took Busch to the ground. Busch suffered a bloody forehead in the brawl. "I got dumped, flat-out dumped," Busch stated in a post-race interview. "He just drove straight into the corner and wrecked me. That's how Joey races so, he's gonna get it." Neither driver was penalized for the fight. The following week at Phoenix, Busch led a race-high 114 laps and was in position to win before Logano's tire blew with five laps to go to bring out the caution. For the final restart, Ryan Newman stayed out and went on to win, while Busch finished third. Busch finished 8th the next week at Auto Club Speedway. He then led a race-high 274 laps the following week at Martinsville but finished 2nd to Brad Keselowski. Kyle Busch won the exhibition All Star Race held at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20, and followed it up with his then best finish in the Coca-Cola 600 coming in 2nd-place. At Indianapolis, Busch looked to defend the previous year's Brickyard 400 win. He won the first two stages easily, but when he decided to race Truex for the lead in the third stage, starting second, the two slammed into the wall, ending both drivers' days. Busch had led 1,000+ laps in 2017 coming to the second Pocono race in July, where he had yet to win. He started on the pole, led the most laps, and retook the lead from Kevin Harvick for his 39th career victory. It was his first at Pocono and left Charlotte Motor Speedway as the only track where Busch had yet to win at in the Cup Series. On August 19, Busch swept the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He won all stages in the truck race on Wednesday and did the same in the Xfinity Series race on Friday. Busch would go on to win the Cup race on Saturday night after holding off a hard charging Erik Jones, who up to that point was dominating the race. Busch would go on to accomplish his second Bristol sweep. He later went on to help teammate Hamlin win the Southern 500 two weeks later.

Paragraph 19: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 20: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 21: In the Kobalt 400 at Las Vegas, Busch collided with Joey Logano as the two battled for a top-five finish on the final lap. The contact spun Busch out and onto pit road, relegating him to 22nd, while Logano finished fourth. After the race, Busch confronted Logano on pit road. Before words could be exchanged, Busch threw a punch, but it is unclear if the punch landed. Logano and his crew then quickly took Busch to the ground. Busch suffered a bloody forehead in the brawl. "I got dumped, flat-out dumped," Busch stated in a post-race interview. "He just drove straight into the corner and wrecked me. That's how Joey races so, he's gonna get it." Neither driver was penalized for the fight. The following week at Phoenix, Busch led a race-high 114 laps and was in position to win before Logano's tire blew with five laps to go to bring out the caution. For the final restart, Ryan Newman stayed out and went on to win, while Busch finished third. Busch finished 8th the next week at Auto Club Speedway. He then led a race-high 274 laps the following week at Martinsville but finished 2nd to Brad Keselowski. Kyle Busch won the exhibition All Star Race held at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20, and followed it up with his then best finish in the Coca-Cola 600 coming in 2nd-place. At Indianapolis, Busch looked to defend the previous year's Brickyard 400 win. He won the first two stages easily, but when he decided to race Truex for the lead in the third stage, starting second, the two slammed into the wall, ending both drivers' days. Busch had led 1,000+ laps in 2017 coming to the second Pocono race in July, where he had yet to win. He started on the pole, led the most laps, and retook the lead from Kevin Harvick for his 39th career victory. It was his first at Pocono and left Charlotte Motor Speedway as the only track where Busch had yet to win at in the Cup Series. On August 19, Busch swept the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He won all stages in the truck race on Wednesday and did the same in the Xfinity Series race on Friday. Busch would go on to win the Cup race on Saturday night after holding off a hard charging Erik Jones, who up to that point was dominating the race. Busch would go on to accomplish his second Bristol sweep. He later went on to help teammate Hamlin win the Southern 500 two weeks later.

Paragraph 22: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 23: On August 28, 2010, Obariyon made his professional wrestling debut for the Chikara promotion, defeating Dustin Rayz in the first round of the Young Lions Cup VIII tournament. Unlike all other rookies in the tournament, Chikara never explained who Obariyon was and where he had come from. Later that same day, he took part in a six-way elimination semifinal match, from which he eliminated both Adam Cole and Keita Yano, before being eliminated himself by Ophidian. The following day, Obariyon defeated Mike Sydal in a non-tournament singles match. On September 18, Obariyon entered a four-way tag team match, teaming with the debuting Kodama, with the two wearing identical attire and face paint. The two were the second team eliminated from the match by The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). In their next appearance on October 23, Kodama and Obariyon picked up a big tag team win over former Chikara Campeones de Parejas, the Super Smash Bros. of Player Uno and Player Dos, and followed that up by defeating another set of former champions, The Osirian Portal, on November 20. The following day, Kodama and Obariyon revealed themselves as the two mysterious hooded men, who had been following UltraMantis Black since July. However, when they went to help UltraMantis during his Falls Count Anywhere match against rival Ares, a third hooded figure appeared and summoned the two away from the ringside area, leading to UltraMantis losing the match to Ares, who was helped by his Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK) stablemate Tursas. During the season finale on December 12, the third hooded figure revealed himself as Sinn Bodhi and demanded that UltraMantis hand him the Eye of Tyr, a mysterious artifact that could in storyline be used to control minds. When UltraMantis was unable to produce the artifact, Bodhi led Obariyon, Kodama and a third masked man, who was later named Kobald, into an attack on UltraMantis, who was then saved by Frightmare and Hallowicked. Two days later UltraMantis revealed shed light on the storyline around him, Bodhi and The Batiri in a blog entry on Chikara's official website, claiming that after the debut of BDK, he had gone soul searching and ran into three strange beings, who, while a possible asset to his stable, the Order of the Neo-Solar Temple, needed training. UltraMantis could not send them to the Chikara Wrestle Factory, which was run by BDK leader Claudio Castagnoli and turned to his old acquaintance Sinn Bodhi for help. In storyline, Bodhi trained the three in exchange for the Eye of Tyr, but UltraMantis claimed that he never agreed to hand him the artifact, which in fact was no longer even in his possession as it had been stolen by Ares.

Paragraph 24: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 25: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 26: Veeraju (Satyanarayana) is a deadly gangster who creates fake currency along with his partners Prasad (Relangi) & Kamini (Mohana) with the help of an artist Sridhar (Tyagaraju). After the completion of their work, Veeraju brutally kills Sridhar, which was witnessed by his son Gopi (Master Rajkumar) who decides to take revenge against him. On the other side, Kamini poisons Prasad but takes his daughter Sarada along with her. Before leaving, Veeraju meets his wife Janaki (Rukmini) and son Chitti Babu (Master Krishnaji Nag). Here the police arrest Janaki on suspicion and Chitti Babu becomes alone. An orphan Maruthi (Master Visweswara Rao) takes care of him and changes his name to Ramu. Fortunately, Gopi also joins them and they all become one family. Years roll by, Gopi (N. T. Rama Rao), Ramu (Shobhan Babu) and Maruthi (Chalam) stay as tenants at Govindaiah's (Allu Ramalingaiah) house. Ramu loves his daughter Lalitha (Geetanjali), an arrogant woman and marries her. Gopi is still in search of Veeraju, who turned into Raja Shekaram, makes the public believe as a noble & kindhearted person. He showcases Kamini as his wife and Sarada (Vanisri) as the daughter. Sarada is a doctor, she gets acquainted with Gopi and they fall in love. After facing many problems, Janaki takes shelter of Gopi and shows motherly affection to 3 brothers without knowing that Ramu is her own. Once she sees Veeraju, but she drags behind, thinking that he has remarried Kamini. Meanwhile, Maruthi loves a girl Geetha (Chandrakala), daughter of a prostitute Anasuya (Chaya Devi). Raja Shekaram is behind Geetha and Gopi recognizes him as Veeraju by the tattoo on his hand while protecting Geetha. After that, Maruthi marries Geetha but Lalitha and her father did not accept and create disputes between the brothers which leads to the breakup of the family. Shockingly, Prasad is alive, but became mad and joins as a patient in Sarada's hospital. Sarada takes care of him with love & affection without. Gopi follows Veeraju like a shadow, when he is about to kill him, Janaki obstructs his way. At that point in time, she learns her husband is the murderer of Gopi's father and struck in between motherhood and husband's safety. She too recognizes Ramu as Chitti Babu even after knowing that Veeraju is his father, Ramu stands for piety. Simultaneously, Sarada also knows that Prasad is her father. At last, in the final battle, Janaki sacrifices her life while protecting Gopi and requests Gopi to leave her husband. Veeraju also feels out of contrition and surrenders himself to Police. Finally, the movie ends on a happy note with the reunion of 3 brothers.

Paragraph 27: Parker and Stone were unhappy with the turkey attack subplot, which they felt "never really went anywhere" and ended abruptly without any satisfying conclusion. They nevertheless included it because they felt obligated to include a B story, since every episode in the season so far had included one. Later in the series, they said they realized this was not necessary and made many episodes without a B story. Although the duo liked the "payoff" of the Starvin' Marvin main plot, they did not know how to end the turkey subplot, so they simply had the characters kill all the turkeys and claim that there were none left; they decided this sudden ending was the funniest possible option. Stone said of the subplot, "The turkeys were just an excuse to have the Braveheart sequence." The animators enjoyed creating the turkey battle scene, which was designed to be shown in widescreen aspect ratio while the rest of the episode was animated normally. However, the animation proved to be very difficult and took a long time to do because it involved a larger number of characters and animals in one scene than had ever been featured previously in the show. Some of the characters in the far background were animated in a gray and shadowy style, which Parker said was not so much a visual effect as it was a "lighting effect meaning we didn't want to draw all these people".

Paragraph 28: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 29: In the Kobalt 400 at Las Vegas, Busch collided with Joey Logano as the two battled for a top-five finish on the final lap. The contact spun Busch out and onto pit road, relegating him to 22nd, while Logano finished fourth. After the race, Busch confronted Logano on pit road. Before words could be exchanged, Busch threw a punch, but it is unclear if the punch landed. Logano and his crew then quickly took Busch to the ground. Busch suffered a bloody forehead in the brawl. "I got dumped, flat-out dumped," Busch stated in a post-race interview. "He just drove straight into the corner and wrecked me. That's how Joey races so, he's gonna get it." Neither driver was penalized for the fight. The following week at Phoenix, Busch led a race-high 114 laps and was in position to win before Logano's tire blew with five laps to go to bring out the caution. For the final restart, Ryan Newman stayed out and went on to win, while Busch finished third. Busch finished 8th the next week at Auto Club Speedway. He then led a race-high 274 laps the following week at Martinsville but finished 2nd to Brad Keselowski. Kyle Busch won the exhibition All Star Race held at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20, and followed it up with his then best finish in the Coca-Cola 600 coming in 2nd-place. At Indianapolis, Busch looked to defend the previous year's Brickyard 400 win. He won the first two stages easily, but when he decided to race Truex for the lead in the third stage, starting second, the two slammed into the wall, ending both drivers' days. Busch had led 1,000+ laps in 2017 coming to the second Pocono race in July, where he had yet to win. He started on the pole, led the most laps, and retook the lead from Kevin Harvick for his 39th career victory. It was his first at Pocono and left Charlotte Motor Speedway as the only track where Busch had yet to win at in the Cup Series. On August 19, Busch swept the weekend at Bristol Motor Speedway. He won all stages in the truck race on Wednesday and did the same in the Xfinity Series race on Friday. Busch would go on to win the Cup race on Saturday night after holding off a hard charging Erik Jones, who up to that point was dominating the race. Busch would go on to accomplish his second Bristol sweep. He later went on to help teammate Hamlin win the Southern 500 two weeks later.

Paragraph 30: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 31: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 32: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 33: On August 28, 2010, Obariyon made his professional wrestling debut for the Chikara promotion, defeating Dustin Rayz in the first round of the Young Lions Cup VIII tournament. Unlike all other rookies in the tournament, Chikara never explained who Obariyon was and where he had come from. Later that same day, he took part in a six-way elimination semifinal match, from which he eliminated both Adam Cole and Keita Yano, before being eliminated himself by Ophidian. The following day, Obariyon defeated Mike Sydal in a non-tournament singles match. On September 18, Obariyon entered a four-way tag team match, teaming with the debuting Kodama, with the two wearing identical attire and face paint. The two were the second team eliminated from the match by The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). In their next appearance on October 23, Kodama and Obariyon picked up a big tag team win over former Chikara Campeones de Parejas, the Super Smash Bros. of Player Uno and Player Dos, and followed that up by defeating another set of former champions, The Osirian Portal, on November 20. The following day, Kodama and Obariyon revealed themselves as the two mysterious hooded men, who had been following UltraMantis Black since July. However, when they went to help UltraMantis during his Falls Count Anywhere match against rival Ares, a third hooded figure appeared and summoned the two away from the ringside area, leading to UltraMantis losing the match to Ares, who was helped by his Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK) stablemate Tursas. During the season finale on December 12, the third hooded figure revealed himself as Sinn Bodhi and demanded that UltraMantis hand him the Eye of Tyr, a mysterious artifact that could in storyline be used to control minds. When UltraMantis was unable to produce the artifact, Bodhi led Obariyon, Kodama and a third masked man, who was later named Kobald, into an attack on UltraMantis, who was then saved by Frightmare and Hallowicked. Two days later UltraMantis revealed shed light on the storyline around him, Bodhi and The Batiri in a blog entry on Chikara's official website, claiming that after the debut of BDK, he had gone soul searching and ran into three strange beings, who, while a possible asset to his stable, the Order of the Neo-Solar Temple, needed training. UltraMantis could not send them to the Chikara Wrestle Factory, which was run by BDK leader Claudio Castagnoli and turned to his old acquaintance Sinn Bodhi for help. In storyline, Bodhi trained the three in exchange for the Eye of Tyr, but UltraMantis claimed that he never agreed to hand him the artifact, which in fact was no longer even in his possession as it had been stolen by Ares.

Paragraph 34: In the early 1990s, Rams owner Georgia Frontiere began to shop around for a new home for her team, which was falling behind other NFL teams in luxury-box and other non-shared revenue. By the end of the  season, talks had begun with St. Louis and Baltimore, two cities that had lost their original NFL franchises (the Cardinals and Colts, respectively), and had both been unsuccessful in efforts to obtain an expansion franchise the previous year; meanwhile, she was hoping that Anaheim and/or Orange County would also make an attractive offer. Anaheim, going through a recession, could not agree on a tax package to pay for the improvements that Frontiere insisted on, so they dropped out of the bidding. Rams fans, bothered by Frontiere talking to other cities about moving the franchise, voiced their anger by asking for her to sell the team, booing her and starting derogatory chants at games directed at her. Attendance began dwindling, due to frustration by the fans over ownership and the performance by the team on the field. Eventually, St. Louis gave Frontiere the offer she wanted, a brand-new $280 million domed stadium called the Trans World Dome (now known as the Dome at America's Center) with a long-term lease and over 100 luxury boxes. The move was announced in February 1995 and approved by NFL owners that April. The Rams played their last game in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in 1994, losing 24–21 to the Washington Redskins in front of only 25,750 fans in attendance at Anaheim Stadium. During the 2009 offseason, following Frontiere's death, it was announced the Rams were for sale. It was considered possible that the next owner of the Rams could potentially move the team back to Los Angeles; however, this prospect was at the time thought to have become much less likely when then-minority owner Stan Kroenke, a Missouri native and resident, acquired complete control in August 2010.

Paragraph 35: Michael sees Jay Mitchell (Jamie Borthwick) and Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) leaving The Queen Vic after breaking into it, but tells Kat, Alfie and Eddie that he saw Ronnie running from the scene. Everyone believes Michael and he sets Ronnie up repeatedly. Roxy refuses to believe Ronnie until she sees a text message on Ronnie's phone sent by Michael and Roxy ends the relationship. Eddie and Michael seem to make amends, but Eddie is unaware that it is part of a scheme, which includes paying a boxer to allow Tyler to believe he is a talented boxer and paying Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) to break Eddie's heart. Michael also sets up an unlicensed boxing match between an ambitious Tyler and a superior boxer, Artie Stiller (Maurice Lee). Tyler wins but suffers a seizure afterwards. At the hospital, Eddie reveals Michael has a brother, Craig Moon (Elliott Rosen), who has Down's syndrome. He takes Michael to meet Craig and Eddie reveals that Craig is his full brother, who he placed in a care home. After talking with Craig, Michael accuses Eddie of rejecting him, but Eddie reveals that his mother committed suicide and that she used Michael to get back at Eddie. Michael apologises to Eddie and the two reconcile. Vanessa asks Michael for her money but he says the deal is off, so Vanessa tells Eddie about Michael's scheme. Eddie tells Tyler and Michael's other half-brother Anthony Moon (Matt Lapinskas) what Michael was doing before leaving Walford, leaving Michael rejected by his family. Michael starts a relationship with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). When Max and Jack's brother, Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman) arrives in Walford, Michael is fearful of him as Derek had bullied him when they were younger. Janine later discovers she is pregnant and the couple decide to keep the baby. Michael suggests to David Wicks (Michael French) that they should team up to get Derek arrested and David agrees. Michael plants stolen goods in Derek's home but Derek catches Michael in the act, and Michael says it was David's plan. Derek uses Michael to lure David to meet him, and Derek forces David to leave Walford. When Tyler and Anthony are in debt to Derek, Anthony asks Michael for help but Michael locks Anthony in his office and calls the police on Derek. Derek threatens to kill Anthony and Tyler, and Michael suggests they leave. They soon discover he called the police and confront him. Janine hears about the trouble and pays the debt. Michael allows Derek to beat him up hoping it will help, but then discovers the debt was already paid.

Paragraph 36: PA 32 begins at an interchange with the US 1 freeway in Falls Township, Bucks County, with access to southbound US 1 and from northbound US 1. At this interchange, the ramp from southbound PA 32 merges into the collector/distributor road from southbound US 1 that serves the interchanges with the northern termini of US 13 and US 1 Bus. From here, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided West Bridge Street, forming the border between the borough of Morrisville to the north and Falls Township to the south. The road fully enters Morrisville and passes through residential areas with some businesses. PA 32 crosses the Delaware Canal and heads into commercial areas. At the Pennsylvania Avenue intersection, the road name changes to East Bridge Street. The route turns northwest onto North Delmorr Avenue, with East Bridge Street continuing to the northeast to the Lower Trenton Bridge over the Delaware River into the city of Trenton, New Jersey. PA 32 passes between homes to the west and Williamson Park to the east, curving north before it heads northwest along the west bank of the Delaware River, with the Delaware Canal a short distance to the west. The road intersects East Trenton Avenue just west of where that road crosses the river on the Calhoun Street Bridge. The route leaves Morrisville for Lower Makefield Township, where the name changes to River Road. The canal heads farther to the west and the road passes through wooded areas of homes. PA 32 continues northwest along the Delaware River and passes under the West Trenton Railroad Bridge, which carries CSX's Trenton Subdivision railroad line and SEPTA's West Trenton Line, before entering the borough of Yardley and becoming South Delaware Avenue. The road passes more homes in the borough and intersects the eastern terminus of PA 332, where the road name changes to North Delaware Avenue and it crosses Buck Creek.

Paragraph 37: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).

Paragraph 38: On August 28, 2010, Obariyon made his professional wrestling debut for the Chikara promotion, defeating Dustin Rayz in the first round of the Young Lions Cup VIII tournament. Unlike all other rookies in the tournament, Chikara never explained who Obariyon was and where he had come from. Later that same day, he took part in a six-way elimination semifinal match, from which he eliminated both Adam Cole and Keita Yano, before being eliminated himself by Ophidian. The following day, Obariyon defeated Mike Sydal in a non-tournament singles match. On September 18, Obariyon entered a four-way tag team match, teaming with the debuting Kodama, with the two wearing identical attire and face paint. The two were the second team eliminated from the match by The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian). In their next appearance on October 23, Kodama and Obariyon picked up a big tag team win over former Chikara Campeones de Parejas, the Super Smash Bros. of Player Uno and Player Dos, and followed that up by defeating another set of former champions, The Osirian Portal, on November 20. The following day, Kodama and Obariyon revealed themselves as the two mysterious hooded men, who had been following UltraMantis Black since July. However, when they went to help UltraMantis during his Falls Count Anywhere match against rival Ares, a third hooded figure appeared and summoned the two away from the ringside area, leading to UltraMantis losing the match to Ares, who was helped by his Bruderschaft des Kreuzes (BDK) stablemate Tursas. During the season finale on December 12, the third hooded figure revealed himself as Sinn Bodhi and demanded that UltraMantis hand him the Eye of Tyr, a mysterious artifact that could in storyline be used to control minds. When UltraMantis was unable to produce the artifact, Bodhi led Obariyon, Kodama and a third masked man, who was later named Kobald, into an attack on UltraMantis, who was then saved by Frightmare and Hallowicked. Two days later UltraMantis revealed shed light on the storyline around him, Bodhi and The Batiri in a blog entry on Chikara's official website, claiming that after the debut of BDK, he had gone soul searching and ran into three strange beings, who, while a possible asset to his stable, the Order of the Neo-Solar Temple, needed training. UltraMantis could not send them to the Chikara Wrestle Factory, which was run by BDK leader Claudio Castagnoli and turned to his old acquaintance Sinn Bodhi for help. In storyline, Bodhi trained the three in exchange for the Eye of Tyr, but UltraMantis claimed that he never agreed to hand him the artifact, which in fact was no longer even in his possession as it had been stolen by Ares.

Paragraph 39: MSRs are considered safer than conventional reactors because they operate with fuel already in a molten state. In most designs, the fuel mixture is designed to drain from the core to a containment vessel in emergency scenarios, where it will solidify in fuel drain tanks. In addition, the use of molten salt coolant prevents the evolution of hydrogen gas possible in water cooled reactors. This eliminates the risk of hydrogen explosions (as in the Fukushima nuclear disaster). They operate at or close to atmospheric pressure, rather than the 75-150 times atmospheric pressure of a typical light-water reactor (LWR), hence reducing the need for large, expensive reactor pressure vessels used in LWRs. Another advantage of MSRs is that the gaseous fission products (Xe and Kr) do not have much solubility in the fuel salt, and can be safely captured as they bubble out of the molten fuel, rather than increasing the pressure inside the fuel tubes over the life of the fuel, as happens in conventional solid-fueled reactors.  MSR's can also be refueled while operating (essentially online-nuclear reprocessing) while conventional reactors must be shut down for refueling (Pressure tube heavy water reactors like the CANDU or the Atucha-class PHWRs, and British-built Gas-cooled Reactors (Magnox, AGR) being notable exceptions).