Paragraph 1: When Aaliyah was 12, Hankerson would take her to Vanguard Studios in her hometown of Detroit to record demos with record producer and Vanguard Studios' owner Michael J. Powell. In an interview, Powell stated: "At the time, Barry was trying to get Aaliyah a deal with MCA, and he came to me to make her demos." During her time recording with Powell, Aaliyah recorded several covers, such as "The Greatest Love of All", "Over the Rainbow", and "My Funny Valentine", which she had performed on Star Search. Eventually, Hankerson started shopping Aaliyah around to various labels, such as Warner Bros. and MCA Records; according to Hankerson, although the executives at both labels liked her voice, they ultimately didn't sign her. After several failed attempts with getting Aaliyah signed to a record label, Hankerson then shifted his focus on getting her signed to Jive Records, the label that R. Kelly, an artist he managed during that time, was signed to. According to former Jive Records A&R Jeff Sledge, Jive's former owner Clive Calder didn't want to sign Aaliyah at first, because he felt that a 12-year-old was too young to be signed to the label. Sledge stated in an interview: "The guy who owned Jive at the time, Clive Calder, he's also an A&R person by trade. He was basically head of the A&R department. Barry kept shopping her to him and he saw something, but he said, ‘She’s not ready, she’s still young, she needs to be developed more.’ Barry would go back and develop her more". After developing Aaliyah more as an artist, Hankerson finally signed a distribution deal with Jive, and he signed her to his own label Blackground Records. When Aaliyah finally got a chance to audition for the record executives at Jive, she sang "Vision of Love" by Mariah Carey.

Paragraph 2: Lieutenant-General The Rt Hon. Sir William Francis Butler, GCB, PC (31 October 1838 – 7 June 1910), a soldier, a writer, and an adventurer, lived in retirement at Bansha Castle from 1905 until his death in 1910. Sir William was born a few miles distant at 'Suirville', Ballyslatteen.  He took part in many colonial campaigns in Canada and India, but mainly in Africa, including the Ashanti wars and the Zulu War under General Sir Garnet Wolseley. He was made commander-in-chief of the British Army in South Africa in 1898, where he was also High Commissioner for a short period.  His views on colonialism were often controversial as he was sympathetic to the natives in many of the outposts of the British Empire in which he served. His wife, the famous battle artist, Elizabeth Thompson (1846–1933), known as Lady Butler, continued to live at the castle until 1922 when she went to live at Gormanston Castle, County Meath, with their youngest daughter, Eileen, who became Viscountess Gormanston (1883–1964) in 1911 on her marriage to the 15th Viscount Gormanston (1878–1925), the Premier Viscount of Ireland. Lady Butler died in 1933 in her 87th year and is buried at Stamullen Graveyard in County Meath, just up the road from Gormanston. Among her many famous paintings is The Roll Call depicting a scene in the Crimean War. This painting was bought by Queen Victoria and forms part of the Royal Collection and is now in Buckingham Palace. Her daughter Eileen suffered a great loss during the Second World War when two of her three sons, William, 16th Lord Gormanston, and Stephen were killed in action at Dunkirk (1940) and Anzio (1944) respectively. Both boys, together with their brother Robert and sister Antoinette, spent many childhood days at Bansha Castle where they were once marooned during the Irish Civil War when Bansha and the surrounding area was the cockpit for fighting between the Free State forces and the local Republicans. Descendants of Sir William and Lady Elizabeth include their great-grandson, the 17th Viscount Gormanston, who lives in London.

Paragraph 3: Early features added to the park include picnic areas, restrooms, a fountain dedicated to Mildred, and a "fragrance garden" comprising many aromatic plants. Later paths were added around the rest of the park and its three lakes, with a section designated as a California Native plant and Wildlife Sanctuary. Three large, interconnected percolation ponds rise and shrink throughout the year, providing habitat for birds, reptiles, amphibians, mammals and fish year-round. A large statue of the famous Chinese philosopher Confucius overlooks a shallow reflection pond that, when full, spills into a narrow streambed. Also, the California Wild area is a  wildlife sanctuary composed of a dirt trail winding around a hill covered in native trees, brush, wildflowers and grasses. A paved walking trail meanders around the remainder of the park over gently sloping hills, around a reflection pond emptying into a small stream, past cultural points of interest and around three percolation ponds. The current park map shows these trails as thick white lines.

Paragraph 4: On returning to Naples Pallavicino Trivulzio was immediately caught up in a vigorous dispute with Francesco Crispi and other "republican-democrats" taking their lead from Crispi,  over the future progress of the unification project.   Garibaldi's original, never very clearly spelled out vision had probably been that Italian unification should be achieved through a constantly expanding popular insurrection.   That vision was evidently shared by his newly appointed "secretary of state", Francesco Crispi.   Crispi was an uncompromising republican to whom the idea of anything involving monarchy was an anathema.   Pallavicino Trivulzio, meanwhile, having returned to Naples. immediately emerged, slightly implausibly, as Cavour's man within Garibaldi's inner circle.   Cavour was instinctively opposed to popular insurrection under almost any circumstances, and the idea of backing a popular insurrection that involved capturing Rome looked particularly imprudent, given that Rome was protected by a significant force of French troops.   The terms secured from the Austrians the previous year in the Armistice of Vilafranca had only been possible because of the highly effective military alliance between Piedmont and France.  Cavour's relatively cautious objectives and expectations back at the beginning of 1859 had probably been limited to the removal of Austrian hegemony from northern and central Italy, and the creation in their place of two kingdoms ruled respectively from Turin and Florence, while a small territory surrounding Rome, roughly equivalent in size to Corsica, should remain under papal control.   If the king were to agree with Garibaldi, after Garibaldi's conquests in the south during 1860, that the territories conquered by Garibaldi should be added to a single Italian kingdom, then Cavour would insist - and did - that this could only be achieved through some form of agreed annexation.   The revolutionary spirit of republicanism was not dead:  popular insurrection had no place on the agenda of a First Minister who served in king.  An added source of tension came from the fact that Garibaldi, like everyone else outside the immediate circle of Victor Emanuel, had been unaware of the (probably unwritten) agreement between the French emperor and Cavour whereby the County of Nice was unexpectedly transferred to France as part of the price for French military support against Austria.   Garibaldi had been born in Nice and never forgave Cavour for "sacrificing" the city of his birth.    Back in Naples, Pallavicino Trivulzio made clear his belief that Francesco Crispi was completely unsuitable to be "secretary of state" of anywhere.   Garibaldi initially equivocated over this (and other) matters.   An even more pressing decision was needed over how agreement should be demonstrably secured for the annexation to the rest of Italy of Naples and Sicily, over which Garibaldi had never expressed any wish to retain permanent control.  Crispi proposed the establishment and convening of a parliament-style assembly in Naples and/or Palermo to determine conditions under which the "southern provinces" might be annexed to the new Italian state on the other side of Rome.   Pallavicino Trivulzio saw the creation of such am assembly as a certain recipe for civil war.   It was with this in mind that he addressed an open letter to Giuseppe Mazzini, who had turned up in Naples a few months earlier, urging that Mazzini leave Naples, because he considered Mazzini's presence dangerously divisive.   Rather than creating some sort of constitutional assembly to endorse the annexation of Naples and Sicily to the rest of Italy, Pallavicino Trivulzio favoured a referendum of the people.   In this he was supported in Naples by the National Guard and by a succession of powerful street demonstrations.   Garibaldi remained indecisive, and delegated a final decision to his two "prodictators", Pallavicino Trivulzio in Naples and Antonio Mordini in Sicily.   Crispi continued to argue for a constitutional assembly.  Pallavicino Trivulzio's youthful impulsiveness very quickly resurfaced as statesmanlike decisiveness.  At the start of October 1860, Pallavicino Trivulzio went ahead and announced a unification referendum to take place across the "Kingdom of Naples" in just three weeks' time, on 21 October 1860.   Garibaldi and Mordini found themselves unable to resist the pressures to follow suit in respect of Sicily.

Paragraph 5: Audsley's interest in the pipe organ was largely sparked by early experiences hearing W. T. Best at St. George's Hall, Liverpool. Audsley wrote numerous magazine articles on the organ, and as early as the 1880s was envisioning huge instruments with numerous divisions each under separate expression, in imitation of the symphony orchestra.  The Los Angeles Art Organ Co. (successors to the Murray M. Harris Organ Company) had Audsley design the world's largest organ they were building for the St. Louis Exposition of 1904, and included him on the paid staff. This instrument was produced just as his book on The Art of Organ-Building was being published. This great pipe organ eventually was purchased for the John Wanamaker Store in Philadelphia, PA, where it is today known as the Wanamaker Organ.  In 1905, Audsley published the monumental two-volume  The Art of Organ Building as an attempt to position himself as the pre-eminent organ designer in the US. The lavish work includes numerous superb drawings done by Audsley and is still consulted today although organ fashions have evolved in many directions in the ever-fluid, passion-driven world of music. He was an early advocate of console standardization and radiating concave pedal keyboards to accommodate the natural movement of human legs. Unfortunately, his plan to develop the profession of "organ architect" as a consultant to work in consultation with major builders in achieving a high-art product was short-lived. Few commissions for pipe organs or buildings came his way, and few organs were built to high-art standards.  In subsequent years, he wrote several works, one of which was published posthumously, that were essentially shortened forms of his 1905 organ building book, updated to comment on controversies of the day and the rapid advances in applying electro-pneumatic actions and playing aids to the craft. The National Association of Organists (now defunct) bestowed an Audsley medal in his honor.

Paragraph 6: Historical records show that Stewarton has existed since at least the 12th century with various non-historical references to the town dating to the early 11th century. The most famous of these non-historical references concerns the legend of Máel Coluim III the son of Donnchad I of Scotland who appears as a character in William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. As the legend goes, Mac Bethad had slain Donnchad to enable himself to become king of Scotland and immediately turned his attention towards Donnchad's son Máel Coluim (the next in line to the throne). When Máel Coluim learned of his father's death and Mac Bethad's intentions to murder him, he fled for the relative safety of England. Unfortunately for Máel Coluim, Mac Bethad and his associates had tracked him down and were gaining on him as he entered the estate of Corsehill  on the edge of Stewarton. In panic Máel Coluim pleaded for the assistance of a nearby farmer named either Friskine or Máel Coluim (accounts differ) who was forking hay on the estate. Friskine/Máel Coluim covered Máel Coluim in hay, allowing him to escape Mac Bethad and his associates. He later found refuge with King Harthacanute, who reigned as Canute II, King of England and Norway and in 1057, after returning to Scotland and defeating Mac Bethad in the Battle of Lumphanan in 1057 to become King of Scots, he rewarded Friskine's family with the Baillie of Cunninghame to show his gratitude to the farmer who had saved his life 17 years earlier. The Cunninghame family logo now features a "Y" shaped fork with the words "over fork over" underneath - a logo which appears in various places in Stewarton, notably as the logo of the two primary schools in the area - Lainshaw primary school and Nether Robertland primary school.

Paragraph 7: Even though he started off in villain roles, he slowly transitioned to the comedic characters. He had also played dramatic supporting character roles to a great effect. Haneefa's comedic roles smartly captured his physique in a self-deprecating nature and eventually, he became one of the most popular comedians in Malayalam cinema. In Kireedam, he played the role of Hydrose, a hilarious rowdy. His first noted role as a comedian came in Mannar Mathai Speaking, where he played the role of Eldho. Punjabi House was the movie which established him as a major comedian in Malayalam cinema. Considered one of the best slapstick comedy film in Malayalam cinema, Haneefa portrayed the character Gangadharan in the movie. Punjabi House was a major breakthrough in the careers of Harishree Asokan and Dileep as well. The movie eventually developed into a cult. Haneefa along with these Asokan and Dileep eventually formed a successful trio in Malayalam cinema. They acted together in numerous movies such as Udayapuram Sulthan, Ee Parakkum Thalika, Meesa Madhavan, Thilakkam, C.I.D. Moosa, Runway and Pandippada. Haneefa played the role of S.I Veerappan Kurupp in the 2001 slapstick comedy movie Ee Parakkum Thalika. He again played the role of a hilarious police officer, this time becoming Sudarshanan in the movie Snehithan, which was released the same year. His role as Mathukkutty in the 2002 film Mazhathullikkilukkam was also noted. Haneefa's character Thrivikraman in the 2002 movie Meesa Madhavan was highly appreciated. It was the highest-grossing movie of that year and many of the characters in the movie like Pillechan and Pattalam Purushu became a cult. It was in the year 2003 that Haneefa played some of the best iconic comedy characters in his career. In Thilakkam, he became the local rowdy called Bhaskaran and in Kilichundan Mampazham, he portrayed the role of Kalanthan Haji. Haneefa's one of the career best role came in the slapstick comedy movie C.I.D Moosa, where he played the role of Vikaraman. Similar to that of Punjabi House, Ee Parakkum Thalika and Meesa Madhavan, the performance of Dileep-Asokan-Haneefa trio along with Jagathy Sreekumar in this movie were highly appreciated and it became the second highest-grossing movie in 2003. In Swapnakoodu, he played the role of Philipose and as Panchayath President in Vellithira. Haneefa's another memorable character came out in the movie Pulival Kalyanam, where he played as Dharmendra, often mistaken in the movie with the Bollywood legendary superstar of the same name. This movie was well appreciated especially for the comedy scenes between Haneefa and Salim Kumar, who played as Manavalan in the movie. Manavalan eventually became a cult character in Malayalam cinema.

Paragraph 8: In 1948, Musmanno conducted interviews with several people who had worked closely with Adolf Hitler in the very last days of World War II, in an attempt to disprove claims of Hitler's escape despite his presumed suicide at the end of the Battle of Berlin. These interviews, conducted with the help of a simultaneous interpreter named Elisabeth Billig, served as the basis of a 1948 article Musmanno wrote for The Pittsburgh Press, as well as his 1950 book, Ten Days to Die. In both, he cites evidence that Hitler could not have survived, including the death of his right-hand man, Joseph Goebbels, the testimony of Nazi eyewitnesses who saw Hitler dead (narrating the false account of his death by a gunshot through the mouth) and Nazis who claimed Hitler used no doubles (discrediting a body double alleged to have been used to help Hitler escape), as well as a "jawbone" found by Hitler's dental assistants (which was revealed in a 1968 Soviet book to have been sundered around the alveolar process). Musmanno's argument that Hitler's body was never produced because of extensive burning has been echoed by a majority of mainstream historians. Musmanno also wrote a screenplay about Hitler's fate, which he hoped Alfred Hitchcock would direct. In 1980, Musmanno's relatives donated his archives to Duquesne University; in 2007, the school digitized the footage of the interviews for a 2010 German TV documentary, with an American version airing in 2015.

Paragraph 9: A clickwrap or clickthrough agreement is a  prompt that offers individuals the opportunity to accept or decline a digitally-mediated policy. Privacy policies, terms of service and other user policies, as well as copyright policies commonly employ the clickwrap prompt. Clickwraps are common in signup processes for social media services like Facebook, Twitter or Tumblr, connections to wireless networks operated in corporate spaces, as part of the installation processes of many software packages, and in other circumstances where agreement is sought using digital media. The name "clickwrap" is derived from the use of "shrink wrap contracts" commonly used in boxed software purchases, which "contain a notice that by tearing open the shrinkwrap, the user assents to the software terms enclosed within".

Paragraph 10: Lieutenant-General The Rt Hon. Sir William Francis Butler, GCB, PC (31 October 1838 – 7 June 1910), a soldier, a writer, and an adventurer, lived in retirement at Bansha Castle from 1905 until his death in 1910. Sir William was born a few miles distant at 'Suirville', Ballyslatteen.  He took part in many colonial campaigns in Canada and India, but mainly in Africa, including the Ashanti wars and the Zulu War under General Sir Garnet Wolseley. He was made commander-in-chief of the British Army in South Africa in 1898, where he was also High Commissioner for a short period.  His views on colonialism were often controversial as he was sympathetic to the natives in many of the outposts of the British Empire in which he served. His wife, the famous battle artist, Elizabeth Thompson (1846–1933), known as Lady Butler, continued to live at the castle until 1922 when she went to live at Gormanston Castle, County Meath, with their youngest daughter, Eileen, who became Viscountess Gormanston (1883–1964) in 1911 on her marriage to the 15th Viscount Gormanston (1878–1925), the Premier Viscount of Ireland. Lady Butler died in 1933 in her 87th year and is buried at Stamullen Graveyard in County Meath, just up the road from Gormanston. Among her many famous paintings is The Roll Call depicting a scene in the Crimean War. This painting was bought by Queen Victoria and forms part of the Royal Collection and is now in Buckingham Palace. Her daughter Eileen suffered a great loss during the Second World War when two of her three sons, William, 16th Lord Gormanston, and Stephen were killed in action at Dunkirk (1940) and Anzio (1944) respectively. Both boys, together with their brother Robert and sister Antoinette, spent many childhood days at Bansha Castle where they were once marooned during the Irish Civil War when Bansha and the surrounding area was the cockpit for fighting between the Free State forces and the local Republicans. Descendants of Sir William and Lady Elizabeth include their great-grandson, the 17th Viscount Gormanston, who lives in London.

Paragraph 11: Cassius Pride (Stacy Keach) was Dwayne Pride's incarcerated father, who has a shady past, being a veritable kingpin in the "running" of New Orleans city and parish, "back in the day."  He is in prison for being caught and convicted of robbing a casino.  His son Dwayne visits him from time-to-time, and Cassius feels his son shouldn't be so bitter about being raised in an underworld figure's home.  Dwayne thinks maybe trying to make up for his father's crooked deeds is one reason why he went so far the other way, becoming a top law enforcement officer and agent.  Dwayne's own mother had a nervous breakdown and had to move "halfway round the globe" just to get away from Cassius's influence and adulterous ways.  Dwayne told his father that prison is the only place he can be kept where he would be safe from himself.  Because of Cassius's old underworld experiences and connections, Dwayne sometimes consults with him on certain cases.  Even in prison Cassius remains the semi-lovable con artist, trying to leverage his son into writing a letter of support for his annual parole hearings; even trying to use his granddaughter Laurel to work on Dwayne's sentiments.  Eventually, Dwayne does help Cassius at the end of Season 1 by writing him that long-sought letter of support to the parole board, although it is revealed later that Cassius did not actually make parole until sometime after Season 4's episode "Mirror, Mirror", where he is still in prison.  Whenever Cassius does make parole, he stays in New Orleans for a while, but by the time of Season 5's "Tick Tock", he had been living a "good life" in "Evansville, Kentucky", in some kind of witness cover program, with armed federal agents protecting him; it was from here that he was kidnapped by Apollyon and held for ransom along with Dr. Loretta Wade.  Some time during or after prison, he had taken up painting, which his granddaughter Laurel thinks is simple but cute, saying his trees look like "green marshmallows".  Cassius has a very pragmatic view of life and crime, as exemplified in his involvement in his son's childhood sports endeavors.  Cassius: "I'm on my way to fix things right now."  Dwayne: "Like you fixed my Little League career?"  Cassius: "Hey, you were a natural-born shortstop. The coach just didn't see it."  Dwayne: "So you planted a brick of hash in his truck and had him arrested."  Cassius, laughing: "Well it worked, didn't it?"  Dwayne told his father that in spite of all his shady history, that he trusts Cassius to be the one person that loves the people and city of New Orleans "almost as much as me."  As revealed in the Season 5 episode "In The Blood", one of younger Cassius's (Justin Miles) long-term extra-marital affairs produced a boy named Jimmy Boyd (Craig Cauley Jr., as the young Jimmy; & Jason Alan Carvell, as the adult Jimmy), a half-brother to Dwayne, but to whom Cassius devoted quite a bit of time when Jimmy was young, teaching him to fish at his bayou cabin, and even giving him Dwayne's bicycle.  Cassius is murdered in the Season 5 episode "Tick Tock" (continued into the first minutes of the subsequent episode "Vindicta"); Cassius's courage and resourcefulness here saves Dr. Loretta Wade's life, as well as two other hostages.  Cassius's last act was saving the life of his son Dwayne while the two of them were freeing captives, by stepping in the way of several bullets fired at Dwayne by assassin Amelia Parsons Stone.

Paragraph 12: Inside there is no static accumulation of rooms, but a dynamic, changeable open zone. The ground floor can still be termed traditional; ranged around a central staircase are kitchen and three sit/bedrooms. Additionally, the house included a garage, which was very strange because Truus did not own a car. The living area upstairs, stated as being an attic to satisfy the fire regulations of the planning authorities, in fact forms a large open zone except for a separate toilet and a bathroom. Rietveld wanted to leave the upper level as it was. Mrs Schröder, however, felt that as living space it should be usable in either form, open or subdivided. This was achieved with a system of sliding and revolving panels. Mrs Schröder used these panels to open up the space of the second floor to allow more of an open area for her and her 3 children, leaving the option of closing or separating the rooms when desired. A sliding wall between the living area and the son's room blocks a cupboard as well as a light switch. Therefore, a circular opening was made within the sliding wall. When entirely partitioned in, the living level comprises three bedrooms, bathroom and living room. In-between this and the open state is a wide variety of possible permutations, each providing its own spatial experience.

Paragraph 13: Lieutenant-General The Rt Hon. Sir William Francis Butler, GCB, PC (31 October 1838 – 7 June 1910), a soldier, a writer, and an adventurer, lived in retirement at Bansha Castle from 1905 until his death in 1910. Sir William was born a few miles distant at 'Suirville', Ballyslatteen.  He took part in many colonial campaigns in Canada and India, but mainly in Africa, including the Ashanti wars and the Zulu War under General Sir Garnet Wolseley. He was made commander-in-chief of the British Army in South Africa in 1898, where he was also High Commissioner for a short period.  His views on colonialism were often controversial as he was sympathetic to the natives in many of the outposts of the British Empire in which he served. His wife, the famous battle artist, Elizabeth Thompson (1846–1933), known as Lady Butler, continued to live at the castle until 1922 when she went to live at Gormanston Castle, County Meath, with their youngest daughter, Eileen, who became Viscountess Gormanston (1883–1964) in 1911 on her marriage to the 15th Viscount Gormanston (1878–1925), the Premier Viscount of Ireland. Lady Butler died in 1933 in her 87th year and is buried at Stamullen Graveyard in County Meath, just up the road from Gormanston. Among her many famous paintings is The Roll Call depicting a scene in the Crimean War. This painting was bought by Queen Victoria and forms part of the Royal Collection and is now in Buckingham Palace. Her daughter Eileen suffered a great loss during the Second World War when two of her three sons, William, 16th Lord Gormanston, and Stephen were killed in action at Dunkirk (1940) and Anzio (1944) respectively. Both boys, together with their brother Robert and sister Antoinette, spent many childhood days at Bansha Castle where they were once marooned during the Irish Civil War when Bansha and the surrounding area was the cockpit for fighting between the Free State forces and the local Republicans. Descendants of Sir William and Lady Elizabeth include their great-grandson, the 17th Viscount Gormanston, who lives in London.

Paragraph 14: On returning to Naples Pallavicino Trivulzio was immediately caught up in a vigorous dispute with Francesco Crispi and other "republican-democrats" taking their lead from Crispi,  over the future progress of the unification project.   Garibaldi's original, never very clearly spelled out vision had probably been that Italian unification should be achieved through a constantly expanding popular insurrection.   That vision was evidently shared by his newly appointed "secretary of state", Francesco Crispi.   Crispi was an uncompromising republican to whom the idea of anything involving monarchy was an anathema.   Pallavicino Trivulzio, meanwhile, having returned to Naples. immediately emerged, slightly implausibly, as Cavour's man within Garibaldi's inner circle.   Cavour was instinctively opposed to popular insurrection under almost any circumstances, and the idea of backing a popular insurrection that involved capturing Rome looked particularly imprudent, given that Rome was protected by a significant force of French troops.   The terms secured from the Austrians the previous year in the Armistice of Vilafranca had only been possible because of the highly effective military alliance between Piedmont and France.  Cavour's relatively cautious objectives and expectations back at the beginning of 1859 had probably been limited to the removal of Austrian hegemony from northern and central Italy, and the creation in their place of two kingdoms ruled respectively from Turin and Florence, while a small territory surrounding Rome, roughly equivalent in size to Corsica, should remain under papal control.   If the king were to agree with Garibaldi, after Garibaldi's conquests in the south during 1860, that the territories conquered by Garibaldi should be added to a single Italian kingdom, then Cavour would insist - and did - that this could only be achieved through some form of agreed annexation.   The revolutionary spirit of republicanism was not dead:  popular insurrection had no place on the agenda of a First Minister who served in king.  An added source of tension came from the fact that Garibaldi, like everyone else outside the immediate circle of Victor Emanuel, had been unaware of the (probably unwritten) agreement between the French emperor and Cavour whereby the County of Nice was unexpectedly transferred to France as part of the price for French military support against Austria.   Garibaldi had been born in Nice and never forgave Cavour for "sacrificing" the city of his birth.    Back in Naples, Pallavicino Trivulzio made clear his belief that Francesco Crispi was completely unsuitable to be "secretary of state" of anywhere.   Garibaldi initially equivocated over this (and other) matters.   An even more pressing decision was needed over how agreement should be demonstrably secured for the annexation to the rest of Italy of Naples and Sicily, over which Garibaldi had never expressed any wish to retain permanent control.  Crispi proposed the establishment and convening of a parliament-style assembly in Naples and/or Palermo to determine conditions under which the "southern provinces" might be annexed to the new Italian state on the other side of Rome.   Pallavicino Trivulzio saw the creation of such am assembly as a certain recipe for civil war.   It was with this in mind that he addressed an open letter to Giuseppe Mazzini, who had turned up in Naples a few months earlier, urging that Mazzini leave Naples, because he considered Mazzini's presence dangerously divisive.   Rather than creating some sort of constitutional assembly to endorse the annexation of Naples and Sicily to the rest of Italy, Pallavicino Trivulzio favoured a referendum of the people.   In this he was supported in Naples by the National Guard and by a succession of powerful street demonstrations.   Garibaldi remained indecisive, and delegated a final decision to his two "prodictators", Pallavicino Trivulzio in Naples and Antonio Mordini in Sicily.   Crispi continued to argue for a constitutional assembly.  Pallavicino Trivulzio's youthful impulsiveness very quickly resurfaced as statesmanlike decisiveness.  At the start of October 1860, Pallavicino Trivulzio went ahead and announced a unification referendum to take place across the "Kingdom of Naples" in just three weeks' time, on 21 October 1860.   Garibaldi and Mordini found themselves unable to resist the pressures to follow suit in respect of Sicily.

Paragraph 15: Inside there is no static accumulation of rooms, but a dynamic, changeable open zone. The ground floor can still be termed traditional; ranged around a central staircase are kitchen and three sit/bedrooms. Additionally, the house included a garage, which was very strange because Truus did not own a car. The living area upstairs, stated as being an attic to satisfy the fire regulations of the planning authorities, in fact forms a large open zone except for a separate toilet and a bathroom. Rietveld wanted to leave the upper level as it was. Mrs Schröder, however, felt that as living space it should be usable in either form, open or subdivided. This was achieved with a system of sliding and revolving panels. Mrs Schröder used these panels to open up the space of the second floor to allow more of an open area for her and her 3 children, leaving the option of closing or separating the rooms when desired. A sliding wall between the living area and the son's room blocks a cupboard as well as a light switch. Therefore, a circular opening was made within the sliding wall. When entirely partitioned in, the living level comprises three bedrooms, bathroom and living room. In-between this and the open state is a wide variety of possible permutations, each providing its own spatial experience.

Paragraph 16: Proceeding via Okinawa, Sanctuary arrived off Wakayama in Task Group 56.5 on 11 September; then waited as minecraft cleared the channels. On the afternoon of the 13th, she commenced taking on sick, injured, and ambulatory cases. By 03:00 on the 14th, she had exceeded her rated bed capacity of 786. A call was put out to the fleet requesting cots. The request was answered; and, seven hours later, she sailed for Okinawa with 1,139 liberated POWs, primarily British, Australian, and Javanese, embarked for the first leg of their journey home. Despite a typhoon encountered en route, Sanctuary delivered her charges safely to Army personnel at Naha; and, by the 21st, was underway for Nagasaki. Arriving on the 22d, she embarked more ex-POWs; then loaded military personnel rotating back to the United States and steamed for Naha. On the 25th, she discharged her liberated prisoners; then shifted to Buckner Bay. A typhoon warning next sent her to sea; but she returned three days later; took on 439 civilian repatriates, including some 40 children under the age of ten, and military repatriates and passengers; and set a course for Guam. There, she exchanged passengers for patients; then continued on to San Francisco, arriving on 22 October.

Paragraph 17: Sakurai Mikito is a high school student and is bullied everyday, but doesn't fight back, as he dislikes violence. One day a mysterious orb works its way into his bag and while Mikito sleeps the orb bounces to his bed, works its way into his mouth and he swallows it. In his dreams he talks to a strange boy who is called Zakuro, who asks simply "what is your desire?" After Mikito wakes up he no longer needs his glasses and has a massive appetite. When the bullies at school attempt to extort him for money, but Mikito is overcome with an unfamiliar sensation, Rage. when Mikito refuses to pay the bullies coerce him saying "you will always be lower than us!" Mikito, finds this comment to his disliking and promptly breaks the delinquent's jaw with a single punch. Apparently, he has also gained superhuman strength, later a large group try again to extort him, however, this time he brutally beats them down discovering he enjoys the sight of blood after hating it for so long. Unfortunately his power comes with a price, he starts harboring violent thoughts, becomes short tempered and most disturbingly, starts to view other humans as "Meat" even nearly attacking his own sister. He develops an insane hunger for human flesh which he refuses to indulge, but his instincts are difficult to repress. Then one night he senses something off in the distance, a person he must meet. He rushes towards this person, and finds a man standing over the corpse of a woman whom he killed. At first the man is confused by Mikito's presence then identifies him as a comrade. Suddenly a cloaked man carrying strange weapons and wearing a bell on his right ear swoops down from the rooftops and attacks the murderer. Then the murderer changes shape turning into an ogre, the cloaked man an ogre battle for a moment and the man gets the upper hand. The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help. However, the man kills the ogre and attacks Mikito, but his weapon seems to have an effect on him as it saps his strength. With the last of his strength he yells at a fleeing Mikito that, he will kill his family if he doesn't let the cloaked man kill him. Apparently the orb he swallowed was an ogre core which transforms a human into an Ogre. Mikito is then discovered by "Ogre Hunters" and the story develops from there.

Paragraph 18: The teenage Rachel was "bolshy" and vastly different from later appearances, being a lot more selfish. She was said to be clever and attractive and fierce like her mother and was once referred to as a, "stroppy little madam who always has to get her own way." When Bloomfield was cast, she read the character synopsis and was pleasantly surprised, "That defensive, overconfident, angry little girl. I can do that, for some reason. She was the sarcastic, say-all-the-things-you-want-to-say-but-no-one-ever-does kid ... She felt she had a high status, and though she really didn't, she gave that to herself and that's a self-defence mechanism." Television New Zealand described her first love as being with, "her mother's credit card" and it was noted that by 1995, Rachel had become the "hippest" thing on New Zealand television due to her parents fortune allowing her to have a vast wardrobe. This was said to be a large change from the "schoolgirl in a miniskirt" who first arrived to the show in 1993. She was said to be physically mature but mentally had a lot of growing to do and also had a "ruthless streak". Bloomfield described the teenage Rachel as "messed up" but praised this aspect of her personality as it allowed her to play "a whole array of emotions". The character is known for her "sharp tongue" and "quick wit". By the mid nineties, it was said that Rachel had, "acquired a calmer approach to life and is looking at the bigger picture for the first time. Now she's into helping others besides herself and is learning to take more of the good with the bad." Bloomfield has stated that due to the characters personality being; "hostile, caustic and aggressive", it made it difficult to continuously play the role. Rachel is known to cover "ethical storylines" over melodrama, something which Bloomfield believes leads Rachel to act like she does. Bloomfield believed Rachel was a true portrayal of a working woman in the 21st century, stating, "Rachel represents many modern women. She's crammed so much into her twenties that it's almost as if she needs to step back and reassess her life." During Rachel's 2007 return, Bloomfield described her as not being, "completely the same Rachel. She's all about work now, any time they discuss her personal life she brings it back to how it supports her work agenda." Bloomfield realised while at voice training, that she did not like Rachel as a person and would struggle to be friends with her in reality. Producer Steven Zanoski described Rachel's personality as; "Independent, feisty and always quotable". Rachel has been described as the person who; "says all those things you're too scared to say but you wish you could. She'll do it her way, thanks very much, and she doesn't suffer fools." Upon her return in 2009, Rachel took on a more antagonistic role, being labelled a "villain" and a "home-wrecker". Rachel has been described as a "glossy little rich bitch" and a "bossy boots". Bloomfield found it hard to understand some of Rachel's personal motives, saying; "She doesn't need to be liked, but she likes to be loved and respected. So although I don't believe she is at one with herself she is hopeful. There haven't been too many triumphs for Rachel." Bloomfield believed that Rachel acted differently depending on whom she was with, "there were a few she loved and when you saw her feel protected and loved you got to see a softer side of her. But then again, when the shit hits the fan, all she can fall back on is self-preservation. She's very flawed in a way where she didn't realise people could see her flaws but it doesn't take much to pick holes in her."

Paragraph 19: The next advance in firearm design was the snaplock, which used flint striking steel to generate the spark.  The flint is held in a rotating, spring-loaded arm called the cock.  This is held cocked by a latch and released by a lever or trigger.  The steel is curved and hinged. This accommodates the arc of the flint, maintaining contact with the steel. The spark produced is directed downward into the flash pan. The snaphance incorporates a mechanism to slide the pan cover forward at the moment of firing.  The doglock incorporates a second latch (or dog) as a safety mechanism that engages the cock in a halfway or half-cock position.  The dog is independent of the trigger.  The dog is only released when the lock is bought to the full-cock position.  The  miquelet lock is the penultimate of the flint-sparking locks.  It has an "L" shaped frizzen, the base of which, covers the flash pan and is hinged forward of the pan.  The flint strikes against the upright of the "L" and flips the frizzen forward to reveal the pan to the sparks created.  The miquelet lock also has a half-cock mechanism similar in function but differing in operation from the doglock.

Paragraph 20: When Aaliyah was 12, Hankerson would take her to Vanguard Studios in her hometown of Detroit to record demos with record producer and Vanguard Studios' owner Michael J. Powell. In an interview, Powell stated: "At the time, Barry was trying to get Aaliyah a deal with MCA, and he came to me to make her demos." During her time recording with Powell, Aaliyah recorded several covers, such as "The Greatest Love of All", "Over the Rainbow", and "My Funny Valentine", which she had performed on Star Search. Eventually, Hankerson started shopping Aaliyah around to various labels, such as Warner Bros. and MCA Records; according to Hankerson, although the executives at both labels liked her voice, they ultimately didn't sign her. After several failed attempts with getting Aaliyah signed to a record label, Hankerson then shifted his focus on getting her signed to Jive Records, the label that R. Kelly, an artist he managed during that time, was signed to. According to former Jive Records A&R Jeff Sledge, Jive's former owner Clive Calder didn't want to sign Aaliyah at first, because he felt that a 12-year-old was too young to be signed to the label. Sledge stated in an interview: "The guy who owned Jive at the time, Clive Calder, he's also an A&R person by trade. He was basically head of the A&R department. Barry kept shopping her to him and he saw something, but he said, ‘She’s not ready, she’s still young, she needs to be developed more.’ Barry would go back and develop her more". After developing Aaliyah more as an artist, Hankerson finally signed a distribution deal with Jive, and he signed her to his own label Blackground Records. When Aaliyah finally got a chance to audition for the record executives at Jive, she sang "Vision of Love" by Mariah Carey.

Paragraph 21: In 1890 she was arrested again. After an attempt to commit her to a mental asylum she moved to London. Michel lived in London for five years. She opened a school and moved among the European anarchist exile circles. Her International Anarchist School for the children of political refugees opened in 1890 on Fitzroy Square. The teachings were influenced by the libertarian educationist Paul Robin and put into practice Mikhail Bakunin's educational principles, emphasising scientific and rational methods. Michel's aim was to develop among the children the principles of humanity and justice. Among the teachers were exiled anarchists, such as Victorine Rouchy-Brocher, but also pioneering educationalists such as Rachel McMillan and Agnes Henry. In 1892 the school was closed, when explosives were found in the basement. (See Walsall Anarchists.) It was later revealed that the explosives had been put there by Auguste Coulon, a Special Branch agent provocateur, who worked at the school as an assistant. Michel contributed to many English-speaking publications. Some of Michel's writings were translated into English by the poet Louisa Sarah Bevington. Michel's published works were also translated into Spanish by the anarchist Soledad Gustavo. The Spanish anarchist and workers rights activist Teresa Claramunt became known as the "Spanish Louise Michel".

Paragraph 22: In 1948, Musmanno conducted interviews with several people who had worked closely with Adolf Hitler in the very last days of World War II, in an attempt to disprove claims of Hitler's escape despite his presumed suicide at the end of the Battle of Berlin. These interviews, conducted with the help of a simultaneous interpreter named Elisabeth Billig, served as the basis of a 1948 article Musmanno wrote for The Pittsburgh Press, as well as his 1950 book, Ten Days to Die. In both, he cites evidence that Hitler could not have survived, including the death of his right-hand man, Joseph Goebbels, the testimony of Nazi eyewitnesses who saw Hitler dead (narrating the false account of his death by a gunshot through the mouth) and Nazis who claimed Hitler used no doubles (discrediting a body double alleged to have been used to help Hitler escape), as well as a "jawbone" found by Hitler's dental assistants (which was revealed in a 1968 Soviet book to have been sundered around the alveolar process). Musmanno's argument that Hitler's body was never produced because of extensive burning has been echoed by a majority of mainstream historians. Musmanno also wrote a screenplay about Hitler's fate, which he hoped Alfred Hitchcock would direct. In 1980, Musmanno's relatives donated his archives to Duquesne University; in 2007, the school digitized the footage of the interviews for a 2010 German TV documentary, with an American version airing in 2015.

Paragraph 23: Reviewing The Wall on their television programme At the Movies in 1982, film critics Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel gave the film "two thumbs up". Ebert described The Wall as "a stunning vision of self-destruction" and "one of the most horrifying musicals of all time ... but the movie is effective. The music is strong and true, the images are like sledge hammers, and for once, the rock and roll hero isn't just a spoiled narcissist, but a real, suffering image of all the despair of this nuclear age. This is a real good movie." Siskel was more reserved in his judgement, stating that he felt that the film's imagery was too repetitive. However, he admitted that the "central image" of the fascist rally sequence "will stay with me for an awful long time." In February 2010, Ebert added The Wall to his Great Movies list, describing the film as "without question the best of all serious fiction films devoted to rock. Seeing it now in more timid times, it looks more daring than it did in 1982, when I saw it at Cannes ... It's disquieting and depressing and very good." It was chosen for the opening night of Ebertfest 2010.

Paragraph 24: On returning to Naples Pallavicino Trivulzio was immediately caught up in a vigorous dispute with Francesco Crispi and other "republican-democrats" taking their lead from Crispi,  over the future progress of the unification project.   Garibaldi's original, never very clearly spelled out vision had probably been that Italian unification should be achieved through a constantly expanding popular insurrection.   That vision was evidently shared by his newly appointed "secretary of state", Francesco Crispi.   Crispi was an uncompromising republican to whom the idea of anything involving monarchy was an anathema.   Pallavicino Trivulzio, meanwhile, having returned to Naples. immediately emerged, slightly implausibly, as Cavour's man within Garibaldi's inner circle.   Cavour was instinctively opposed to popular insurrection under almost any circumstances, and the idea of backing a popular insurrection that involved capturing Rome looked particularly imprudent, given that Rome was protected by a significant force of French troops.   The terms secured from the Austrians the previous year in the Armistice of Vilafranca had only been possible because of the highly effective military alliance between Piedmont and France.  Cavour's relatively cautious objectives and expectations back at the beginning of 1859 had probably been limited to the removal of Austrian hegemony from northern and central Italy, and the creation in their place of two kingdoms ruled respectively from Turin and Florence, while a small territory surrounding Rome, roughly equivalent in size to Corsica, should remain under papal control.   If the king were to agree with Garibaldi, after Garibaldi's conquests in the south during 1860, that the territories conquered by Garibaldi should be added to a single Italian kingdom, then Cavour would insist - and did - that this could only be achieved through some form of agreed annexation.   The revolutionary spirit of republicanism was not dead:  popular insurrection had no place on the agenda of a First Minister who served in king.  An added source of tension came from the fact that Garibaldi, like everyone else outside the immediate circle of Victor Emanuel, had been unaware of the (probably unwritten) agreement between the French emperor and Cavour whereby the County of Nice was unexpectedly transferred to France as part of the price for French military support against Austria.   Garibaldi had been born in Nice and never forgave Cavour for "sacrificing" the city of his birth.    Back in Naples, Pallavicino Trivulzio made clear his belief that Francesco Crispi was completely unsuitable to be "secretary of state" of anywhere.   Garibaldi initially equivocated over this (and other) matters.   An even more pressing decision was needed over how agreement should be demonstrably secured for the annexation to the rest of Italy of Naples and Sicily, over which Garibaldi had never expressed any wish to retain permanent control.  Crispi proposed the establishment and convening of a parliament-style assembly in Naples and/or Palermo to determine conditions under which the "southern provinces" might be annexed to the new Italian state on the other side of Rome.   Pallavicino Trivulzio saw the creation of such am assembly as a certain recipe for civil war.   It was with this in mind that he addressed an open letter to Giuseppe Mazzini, who had turned up in Naples a few months earlier, urging that Mazzini leave Naples, because he considered Mazzini's presence dangerously divisive.   Rather than creating some sort of constitutional assembly to endorse the annexation of Naples and Sicily to the rest of Italy, Pallavicino Trivulzio favoured a referendum of the people.   In this he was supported in Naples by the National Guard and by a succession of powerful street demonstrations.   Garibaldi remained indecisive, and delegated a final decision to his two "prodictators", Pallavicino Trivulzio in Naples and Antonio Mordini in Sicily.   Crispi continued to argue for a constitutional assembly.  Pallavicino Trivulzio's youthful impulsiveness very quickly resurfaced as statesmanlike decisiveness.  At the start of October 1860, Pallavicino Trivulzio went ahead and announced a unification referendum to take place across the "Kingdom of Naples" in just three weeks' time, on 21 October 1860.   Garibaldi and Mordini found themselves unable to resist the pressures to follow suit in respect of Sicily.

Paragraph 25: The film tells the story Unniyarcha, the valiant heroine of the Vadakkanpattu (Ballads of North Malabar or Songs of the North), though a member of the fairer sex, she masters martial arts and proves herself as an equal to her brother Aromal Chekavar and cousin Chanthu Chekavar, both renowned warriors. Unniyarcha is portrayed as the embodiment of all virtues. The film also narrates how jealousy takes its roots in the mind of Chanthu,  and how he grows hostile to Aromal, consequently betraying him during a duel. Chanthu was always attracted to Unniyarcha, who always hated him for his cheating behavior. Unniyarcha marries Kunjiraman in spite of Chanthu's objection. Chanthu leaves Puthuram Tharavadu and goes to Tulunadu. Now Aromal has to fight with Aringodar, who is an experienced fighter. Aromal's father, Kannappan Chekavar, calls back Chanthu as second for Aromal for the fight even though it was objected to by Aromal and Unniyarcha. Aringodar encourages Chanthu to make a defective sword for Aromal. During the fight between Aromal and Aringodar, the sword of Aromal breaks into two pieces. Aromal requests Chanthu to give his sword, but Chanthu lies that he has not taken one. Then Aromal throws the broken sword piece at Aringodar, which cuts his head off. Now at Puthuram Tharavadu, everyone sees a fatally wounded Aromal come out of the palanquin and tells that Chanthu had cheated by stabbing him while sleeping. Unniyarcha then pledges to take revenge for this betrayal; and till then, she never ties her hair. Now Unniyarcha trains his son Aromalunni who grow to become a brave warrior along with Aromal's son Kanappanunni. Now both the cousins are sent for a kalari. Here the local boys try to attack Aromalunni due to jealousy of his rich status. Aromalunni and Kanappanunni defeat everyone, but the elders ask them to show their skill by defeating Chanthu. Now Aromalunni asks his mother to reveal the killer of his uncle. Unniyarcha reveals everything. Kannappan Chekavar first refuses Aromalunni and Kanapanunni to go for revenge, fearing Chanthu is skilled in the eighteen techniques of kalari. He teaches them the 19th secret technique. Chanthu finally gets ready to fight with the sons of Puthuram Tharavadu. Finally, after a long fight, Aromalunni tells the 19th secret technique of the kalari he is going to fight. He lifts a dust cloud around Chanthu's head, finally chopping off the head of Chanthu. Aromalunni and Kanappanunni returns with the head of Chanthu on a platter and hands it over to Unniyarcha.

Paragraph 26: In the United States, most of the warmer zones (zones 9, 10, and 11) are located in the deep southern half of the country and on the southern coastal margins. Higher zones can be found in Hawaii (up to 12) and Puerto Rico (up to 13). The southern middle portion of the mainland and central coastal areas are in the middle zones (zones 8, 7, and 6). The far northern portion on the central interior of the mainland have some of the coldest zones (zones 5, 4, and small area of zone 3) and often have much less consistent range of temperatures in winter due to being more continental, especially further west with higher diurnal temperature variations, and thus the zone map has its limitations in these areas. Lower zones can be found in Alaska (down to 1). The low latitude and often stable weather in Florida, the Gulf Coast, and southern Arizona and California, are responsible for the rarity of episodes of severe cold relative to normal in those areas. The warmest zone in the 48 contiguous states is the Florida Keys (11b) and the coldest is in north-central Minnesota (2b). A couple of locations on the northern coast of Puerto Rico have the warmest hardiness zone in the United States at 13b. Conversely, isolated inland areas of Alaska have the coldest hardiness zone in the United States at 1a.

Paragraph 27: Reviewing The Wall on their television programme At the Movies in 1982, film critics Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel gave the film "two thumbs up". Ebert described The Wall as "a stunning vision of self-destruction" and "one of the most horrifying musicals of all time ... but the movie is effective. The music is strong and true, the images are like sledge hammers, and for once, the rock and roll hero isn't just a spoiled narcissist, but a real, suffering image of all the despair of this nuclear age. This is a real good movie." Siskel was more reserved in his judgement, stating that he felt that the film's imagery was too repetitive. However, he admitted that the "central image" of the fascist rally sequence "will stay with me for an awful long time." In February 2010, Ebert added The Wall to his Great Movies list, describing the film as "without question the best of all serious fiction films devoted to rock. Seeing it now in more timid times, it looks more daring than it did in 1982, when I saw it at Cannes ... It's disquieting and depressing and very good." It was chosen for the opening night of Ebertfest 2010.

Paragraph 28: The film tells the story Unniyarcha, the valiant heroine of the Vadakkanpattu (Ballads of North Malabar or Songs of the North), though a member of the fairer sex, she masters martial arts and proves herself as an equal to her brother Aromal Chekavar and cousin Chanthu Chekavar, both renowned warriors. Unniyarcha is portrayed as the embodiment of all virtues. The film also narrates how jealousy takes its roots in the mind of Chanthu,  and how he grows hostile to Aromal, consequently betraying him during a duel. Chanthu was always attracted to Unniyarcha, who always hated him for his cheating behavior. Unniyarcha marries Kunjiraman in spite of Chanthu's objection. Chanthu leaves Puthuram Tharavadu and goes to Tulunadu. Now Aromal has to fight with Aringodar, who is an experienced fighter. Aromal's father, Kannappan Chekavar, calls back Chanthu as second for Aromal for the fight even though it was objected to by Aromal and Unniyarcha. Aringodar encourages Chanthu to make a defective sword for Aromal. During the fight between Aromal and Aringodar, the sword of Aromal breaks into two pieces. Aromal requests Chanthu to give his sword, but Chanthu lies that he has not taken one. Then Aromal throws the broken sword piece at Aringodar, which cuts his head off. Now at Puthuram Tharavadu, everyone sees a fatally wounded Aromal come out of the palanquin and tells that Chanthu had cheated by stabbing him while sleeping. Unniyarcha then pledges to take revenge for this betrayal; and till then, she never ties her hair. Now Unniyarcha trains his son Aromalunni who grow to become a brave warrior along with Aromal's son Kanappanunni. Now both the cousins are sent for a kalari. Here the local boys try to attack Aromalunni due to jealousy of his rich status. Aromalunni and Kanappanunni defeat everyone, but the elders ask them to show their skill by defeating Chanthu. Now Aromalunni asks his mother to reveal the killer of his uncle. Unniyarcha reveals everything. Kannappan Chekavar first refuses Aromalunni and Kanapanunni to go for revenge, fearing Chanthu is skilled in the eighteen techniques of kalari. He teaches them the 19th secret technique. Chanthu finally gets ready to fight with the sons of Puthuram Tharavadu. Finally, after a long fight, Aromalunni tells the 19th secret technique of the kalari he is going to fight. He lifts a dust cloud around Chanthu's head, finally chopping off the head of Chanthu. Aromalunni and Kanappanunni returns with the head of Chanthu on a platter and hands it over to Unniyarcha.

Paragraph 29: Initially after closure the buildings were sold to Royal Cambridge in 1996. The developer initially planned to restore the buildings and open a co-ed school. Shortly after the production of Mr Headmistress, an ABC made-for-TV movie was made where various outdoor improvements were made to the building as well as restoration of ground work surrounding the structure. Nearly one month after production of the film, Royal Cambridge defaulted on the mortgage payments for the property. This caused the building to be for sale once again. A London development company led by Brian Squires purchased the College and developed plans to build a retirement community on the campus in 1998. Over the next 4 years he spent time preparing the site and arranging financing. At this point the school began to see a wave of vandalism due to general un-occupancy. By 2003 Squires applied for a demolition permit (suggested by the mayor and recorded) due to the fact that the Mayor at the time said the building could not be saved and the land is better suited for redevelopment. The Mayor commented the people of St.Thomas would eventually understand if the building was demolished. Brian Squires  was devastated that the mayor would say such a thing after committing to help save it during the November elections. Brian Squires quickly filed for a demolition permit to prove the mayor was wrong in saying the people of St.Thomas would not be upset if such an  action was able to take place.. At the same time Brian Squires hired a structural engineer to confirm that it could be saved. The Mayors office was swamped with calls proving Brian Squires was right in saying the people of St.Thomas will care and they also want the building saved. This demolition permit was swiftly denied by the local municipality because of the structural report provided by Brian Squires.A demolition permit was never issued and the building was saved. Brian Squires continued to try and save the building putting all his resources into it. Shortly after that,  Brian Squires handed over control of the project to the Zubick family because of lack of interest from the family, municipality and bankers. The building was gutted; asbestos, general fixtures and walls were all removed leaving little but a timber frame inside the building. The ghostly innards were used for the film Silent Hill in 2005. Once again a demolition permit was issued for Alma college after more attempts to sell the building were unsuccessful. In 2006 the Municipal Heritage Committee recommended that the demolition permit be denied, that city council prescribe minimum standards for maintenance of the building under section 35.3 of the Ontario Heritage Act. They also recommended that the city seek further financial assistance from the provincial Ministry of Heritage. This report would subsequently be buried by the ministry of culture only to reappear under the freedom of information act two years later and after the buildings eventual demise. the city denied the demolition permit and the building was placed on the National top ten endangered historic sites in Canada.

Paragraph 30: Sakurai Mikito is a high school student and is bullied everyday, but doesn't fight back, as he dislikes violence. One day a mysterious orb works its way into his bag and while Mikito sleeps the orb bounces to his bed, works its way into his mouth and he swallows it. In his dreams he talks to a strange boy who is called Zakuro, who asks simply "what is your desire?" After Mikito wakes up he no longer needs his glasses and has a massive appetite. When the bullies at school attempt to extort him for money, but Mikito is overcome with an unfamiliar sensation, Rage. when Mikito refuses to pay the bullies coerce him saying "you will always be lower than us!" Mikito, finds this comment to his disliking and promptly breaks the delinquent's jaw with a single punch. Apparently, he has also gained superhuman strength, later a large group try again to extort him, however, this time he brutally beats them down discovering he enjoys the sight of blood after hating it for so long. Unfortunately his power comes with a price, he starts harboring violent thoughts, becomes short tempered and most disturbingly, starts to view other humans as "Meat" even nearly attacking his own sister. He develops an insane hunger for human flesh which he refuses to indulge, but his instincts are difficult to repress. Then one night he senses something off in the distance, a person he must meet. He rushes towards this person, and finds a man standing over the corpse of a woman whom he killed. At first the man is confused by Mikito's presence then identifies him as a comrade. Suddenly a cloaked man carrying strange weapons and wearing a bell on his right ear swoops down from the rooftops and attacks the murderer. Then the murderer changes shape turning into an ogre, the cloaked man an ogre battle for a moment and the man gets the upper hand. The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help. However, the man kills the ogre and attacks Mikito, but his weapon seems to have an effect on him as it saps his strength. With the last of his strength he yells at a fleeing Mikito that, he will kill his family if he doesn't let the cloaked man kill him. Apparently the orb he swallowed was an ogre core which transforms a human into an Ogre. Mikito is then discovered by "Ogre Hunters" and the story develops from there.

Paragraph 31: Male, female. Forewing length 2.8-3.3 mm. Head: frons shining greyish white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex shining dark brown, laterally and medially lined white, collar shining dark brown; labial palpus first segment very short, ochreous, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, shining white on inside, dark brown with white longitudinal lines on outside and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally, extreme apex white; scape dorsally shining dark brown with a white anterior line, ventrally shining white; antenna shining dark brown with a white interrupted line from base to three-fifths, near base a short uninterrupted section, followed towards apex by four white segments, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown, five white and two dark grey segments at apex. Thorax and tegulae shining dark brown, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: shining dark brown, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one, two and five with white longitudinal lines, tibia of hindleg with oblique silver metallic basal and medial lines, a pale golden subapical ring and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one with a silver metallic basal ring and greyish apical ring, segment two and three with grey apical rings, segments four and five entirely whitish, spurs white dorsally, brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, five narrow white lines in the basal area, a short costal from one-third to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from one-seventh to the start of the costal, a short medial from the middle of the subcostal, a subdorsal slightly further from base than the medial and equal in length to the subcostal, a dorsal from one-eighth to one-quarter, a bright orange-yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowing towards dorsum with an apical protrusion, bordered at the inner edge by a tubercular very pale golden metallic fascia with violet reflection, subcostally on outside with a small patch of blackish scales, bordered at the outer edge by two tubercular very pale golden metallic costal and dorsal spots with violet reflection, the dorsal spot about twice as large as the costal and more towards base, both spots inwardly lined dark brown, the costal outwardly edged by a white costal streak, apical line reduced to a silver metallic spot in the middle of the apical area and a shining white streak in the cilia at apex, cilia dark brown, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing shining greyish brown, cilia dark greyish brown. Underside: forewing shining dark greyish brown, the white costal streak indistinctly and the white streak at apex distinctly visible, hindwing shining greyish brown. Abdomen dorsally dark brown with reddish gloss, laterally shining dark brown with golden reflection, ventrally shining ochreous-white, anal tuft pale ochreous with golden reflection.

Paragraph 32: Sakurai Mikito is a high school student and is bullied everyday, but doesn't fight back, as he dislikes violence. One day a mysterious orb works its way into his bag and while Mikito sleeps the orb bounces to his bed, works its way into his mouth and he swallows it. In his dreams he talks to a strange boy who is called Zakuro, who asks simply "what is your desire?" After Mikito wakes up he no longer needs his glasses and has a massive appetite. When the bullies at school attempt to extort him for money, but Mikito is overcome with an unfamiliar sensation, Rage. when Mikito refuses to pay the bullies coerce him saying "you will always be lower than us!" Mikito, finds this comment to his disliking and promptly breaks the delinquent's jaw with a single punch. Apparently, he has also gained superhuman strength, later a large group try again to extort him, however, this time he brutally beats them down discovering he enjoys the sight of blood after hating it for so long. Unfortunately his power comes with a price, he starts harboring violent thoughts, becomes short tempered and most disturbingly, starts to view other humans as "Meat" even nearly attacking his own sister. He develops an insane hunger for human flesh which he refuses to indulge, but his instincts are difficult to repress. Then one night he senses something off in the distance, a person he must meet. He rushes towards this person, and finds a man standing over the corpse of a woman whom he killed. At first the man is confused by Mikito's presence then identifies him as a comrade. Suddenly a cloaked man carrying strange weapons and wearing a bell on his right ear swoops down from the rooftops and attacks the murderer. Then the murderer changes shape turning into an ogre, the cloaked man an ogre battle for a moment and the man gets the upper hand. The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help. However, the man kills the ogre and attacks Mikito, but his weapon seems to have an effect on him as it saps his strength. With the last of his strength he yells at a fleeing Mikito that, he will kill his family if he doesn't let the cloaked man kill him. Apparently the orb he swallowed was an ogre core which transforms a human into an Ogre. Mikito is then discovered by "Ogre Hunters" and the story develops from there.

Paragraph 33: This canto begins by describing the pain felt by the "captive patriots" and how the retraction of their liberty is the worst pain that can be felt; this pain is then described as Almanzor's as he dwells in his dungeon as a captive of the Turkish army. Almanzor laments upon his "dreadful fate" and the beauty of the isle that is no longer his; yet most of all he is angry that "the Crescent [is] where the Cross should be". A short monologue by Almanzor ensues in which glory and honour are key themes alongside his disgust at fellow Greeks "kneeling to a Moslem lord". Almanzor resolves to die and accept a horrible fate rather than accept the bribes of the Ottoman Empire and ultimately betray his country. The Turkish soldiers approach his dungeon with their "scimitars unsheath'd"; their position as slaves is consistently reiterated throughout this canto. Almanzor is dragged to the "Pacha" yet he shows no fear as "when hath fear been known to dwell within the perfect patriot's heart?". Almanzor stands before the Pacha who enters a monologue that describes the Turkish as the "prophet's favor'd race" and then proceeds to lay out the terms of Almanzor's imprisonment. Almanzor is offered "bright heaps of gems and gold" alongside immense power on the condition that he "renounce[s] thy county and thy creed" and that he "bow[s] to the Crescent's sacred sign". Anger consumes Almanzor and in "words of mingled scorn and hate" he declares that a free-born Greek can not be swayed by taunts and bribes. The Pacha thereby sentences him to death after one night in the dungeon. Almanzor is then resting peacefully in his cell, his peace the result of "religion's pow'r' which can 'brighten e'en the darkest hour"; yet footsteps that do not resemble a soldier's weight are heard by Almanzor. The footsteps turn out to be Corai's, who intends to rescue him. After much deliberation upon who should attempt escape they run out of time and the Pacha and his guards surround the father and his hapless child; upon tearing her away from her father the Pacha declares Corai a "flow'r" that is "fit for a Moslem's paradise" and she is sent away to his harem. Within the lavishly decorated harem there are dancers that attempt to ease Corai from her despair, but to no avail. Finding their efforts in vain, a young Greek slave named Isidore is introduced. Using his lute he performs a song for Corai that is appropriate to her situation as a captive who seeks her loved ones; this rouses Corai from her state of despair and she avidly listens to Isidore's song. Once midnight passes Isidore approaches Corai and tells her to follow him if she wishes to be free; as they escape she witnesses her father's headless corpse in the courtyard which causes her to faint.

Paragraph 34: In 1890 she was arrested again. After an attempt to commit her to a mental asylum she moved to London. Michel lived in London for five years. She opened a school and moved among the European anarchist exile circles. Her International Anarchist School for the children of political refugees opened in 1890 on Fitzroy Square. The teachings were influenced by the libertarian educationist Paul Robin and put into practice Mikhail Bakunin's educational principles, emphasising scientific and rational methods. Michel's aim was to develop among the children the principles of humanity and justice. Among the teachers were exiled anarchists, such as Victorine Rouchy-Brocher, but also pioneering educationalists such as Rachel McMillan and Agnes Henry. In 1892 the school was closed, when explosives were found in the basement. (See Walsall Anarchists.) It was later revealed that the explosives had been put there by Auguste Coulon, a Special Branch agent provocateur, who worked at the school as an assistant. Michel contributed to many English-speaking publications. Some of Michel's writings were translated into English by the poet Louisa Sarah Bevington. Michel's published works were also translated into Spanish by the anarchist Soledad Gustavo. The Spanish anarchist and workers rights activist Teresa Claramunt became known as the "Spanish Louise Michel".

Paragraph 35: The river originates near the center of Borneo, south from the Indonesian-Malaysian border, in the joint between the western slope of the Müller Mountain Range, which runs through the island center, and the southern slope of the Upper Kapuas Range (), which is located more to the west. For about  it flows through a mountainous terrain and then descends to a marshy plain. There, the elevation decreases by only  over  from Putussibau to the river delta. About  from the source, near the northern shore of the river, lies a system of Kapuas Lakes which are connected to the river by numerous channels. These lakes are Bekuan (area 1,268 hectares), Belida (600 ha), Genali (2,000 ha), Keleka Tangai (756 ha), Luar (5,208 ha), Pengembung (1,548 ha), Sambor (673 ha), Sekawi (672 ha), Sentarum (2,324 ha), Sependan (604 ha), Seriang (1,412) Sumbai (800 ha), Sumpa (664) and Tekenang (1,564 ha). When the monthly precipitation exceeds about , the river overflows its banks, diverting much of its waters to the lakes at a rate of up to , and forming a single volume of water with them. This outflow prevents massive flooding of the lower reaches of the river; it also promotes fish migration from the river to the lakes for spawning, but drives birds away from the lakes.

Paragraph 36: Sakurai Mikito is a high school student and is bullied everyday, but doesn't fight back, as he dislikes violence. One day a mysterious orb works its way into his bag and while Mikito sleeps the orb bounces to his bed, works its way into his mouth and he swallows it. In his dreams he talks to a strange boy who is called Zakuro, who asks simply "what is your desire?" After Mikito wakes up he no longer needs his glasses and has a massive appetite. When the bullies at school attempt to extort him for money, but Mikito is overcome with an unfamiliar sensation, Rage. when Mikito refuses to pay the bullies coerce him saying "you will always be lower than us!" Mikito, finds this comment to his disliking and promptly breaks the delinquent's jaw with a single punch. Apparently, he has also gained superhuman strength, later a large group try again to extort him, however, this time he brutally beats them down discovering he enjoys the sight of blood after hating it for so long. Unfortunately his power comes with a price, he starts harboring violent thoughts, becomes short tempered and most disturbingly, starts to view other humans as "Meat" even nearly attacking his own sister. He develops an insane hunger for human flesh which he refuses to indulge, but his instincts are difficult to repress. Then one night he senses something off in the distance, a person he must meet. He rushes towards this person, and finds a man standing over the corpse of a woman whom he killed. At first the man is confused by Mikito's presence then identifies him as a comrade. Suddenly a cloaked man carrying strange weapons and wearing a bell on his right ear swoops down from the rooftops and attacks the murderer. Then the murderer changes shape turning into an ogre, the cloaked man an ogre battle for a moment and the man gets the upper hand. The ogre implores Mikito to transform and help. However, the man kills the ogre and attacks Mikito, but his weapon seems to have an effect on him as it saps his strength. With the last of his strength he yells at a fleeing Mikito that, he will kill his family if he doesn't let the cloaked man kill him. Apparently the orb he swallowed was an ogre core which transforms a human into an Ogre. Mikito is then discovered by "Ogre Hunters" and the story develops from there.

Paragraph 37: Speaking to Spark TV, the lead singer Simone Simons stated: "Since The Quantum Enigma was received so well, we set the bar so high, but we accepted the challenge to make an even better record. And we've done everything bigger than before – we had more orchestra, a bigger choir. We had so many different instruments – real, live instruments. Vocally, I put everything in the record that I can possibly do, and I'm very pleased with it." According to Simone, she has once again experimented a bit with her vocal approach on the new album. "With each record, I try to get the best out," she said. "And Joost (van den Broek), our producer, he's also very good at getting everything out of me. And the songs themselves, they just ask for a lot of variation in the vocal style. And I do opera, rock, pop, and in the ballads you hear the really soft voice. And, yeah, I can belt out some high notes as well." Even though "The Holographic Principle" is one of Epica's most ambitious offerings to date, the album doesn't sacrifice any of its instant appeal, something which Simone says was intentional. "I think it needs to be all in balance," she said. "We are, in heart, a metal band going in the symphonic direction. The orchestration, the choir is a little bit like the seventh and eighth bandmember of Epica, and that's something we'll always keep in there. And the choir parts are often very catchy, the choruses are very catchy. But on this record, besides having catchy melodies, we also wanted to have really groovy vocal lines. And that's something that we worked on as well; we changed up some things to make it less predictable." One of the aspects of Epica's sound which has been enhanced on "The Holographic Principle" is the growling vocal style of Epica guitarist and main songwriter Mark Jansen. "Well, it's Mark and it's actually our drummer as well," Simone said. "Mark is the main grunter, and our drummer, Ariën (van Weesenbeek), has a really nice, thick sound. So I don't know if he sang all the grunt parts as well, if he doubled them with Mark, but them together makes a totally new grunt sound, and I like it. Also, it changes it up a bit. Mark can do also really low grunts, he can do screams, and Ariën really has that deep sound to it." Simone also praised the contributions of Isaac Delahaye, who came into the band in 2009. "The guitars are definitely more brutal," she said. "Also in the mix, the melodies, the grooves, and I think that ever since Isaac joined the band, not only as a songwriter but also the guitars have been lifted to a different level, and have become more interesting to listen to, I find myself. So I'm a big fan of his guitar work and also his songwriting."

Paragraph 38: Historical records show that Stewarton has existed since at least the 12th century with various non-historical references to the town dating to the early 11th century. The most famous of these non-historical references concerns the legend of Máel Coluim III the son of Donnchad I of Scotland who appears as a character in William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. As the legend goes, Mac Bethad had slain Donnchad to enable himself to become king of Scotland and immediately turned his attention towards Donnchad's son Máel Coluim (the next in line to the throne). When Máel Coluim learned of his father's death and Mac Bethad's intentions to murder him, he fled for the relative safety of England. Unfortunately for Máel Coluim, Mac Bethad and his associates had tracked him down and were gaining on him as he entered the estate of Corsehill  on the edge of Stewarton. In panic Máel Coluim pleaded for the assistance of a nearby farmer named either Friskine or Máel Coluim (accounts differ) who was forking hay on the estate. Friskine/Máel Coluim covered Máel Coluim in hay, allowing him to escape Mac Bethad and his associates. He later found refuge with King Harthacanute, who reigned as Canute II, King of England and Norway and in 1057, after returning to Scotland and defeating Mac Bethad in the Battle of Lumphanan in 1057 to become King of Scots, he rewarded Friskine's family with the Baillie of Cunninghame to show his gratitude to the farmer who had saved his life 17 years earlier. The Cunninghame family logo now features a "Y" shaped fork with the words "over fork over" underneath - a logo which appears in various places in Stewarton, notably as the logo of the two primary schools in the area - Lainshaw primary school and Nether Robertland primary school.

Paragraph 39: WTCN began broadcasting from a new transmitter and tower in Roseville at the intersection of North Snelling Avenue and Minnesota Highway 36 during 1935, a site that was used until 1962 when the station's transmission facilities were moved to the other side of the expanding Twin Cities metro in St. Louis Park, at a point south of what is now Interstate 394 and west of Minnesota Highway 100, using four towers.  WTCN moved from 1250 AM to 1280 AM in March 1941 as required by the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement (NARBA) under which most American, Canadian and Mexican AM radio stations changed frequencies.

Paragraph 40: This canto begins by describing the pain felt by the "captive patriots" and how the retraction of their liberty is the worst pain that can be felt; this pain is then described as Almanzor's as he dwells in his dungeon as a captive of the Turkish army. Almanzor laments upon his "dreadful fate" and the beauty of the isle that is no longer his; yet most of all he is angry that "the Crescent [is] where the Cross should be". A short monologue by Almanzor ensues in which glory and honour are key themes alongside his disgust at fellow Greeks "kneeling to a Moslem lord". Almanzor resolves to die and accept a horrible fate rather than accept the bribes of the Ottoman Empire and ultimately betray his country. The Turkish soldiers approach his dungeon with their "scimitars unsheath'd"; their position as slaves is consistently reiterated throughout this canto. Almanzor is dragged to the "Pacha" yet he shows no fear as "when hath fear been known to dwell within the perfect patriot's heart?". Almanzor stands before the Pacha who enters a monologue that describes the Turkish as the "prophet's favor'd race" and then proceeds to lay out the terms of Almanzor's imprisonment. Almanzor is offered "bright heaps of gems and gold" alongside immense power on the condition that he "renounce[s] thy county and thy creed" and that he "bow[s] to the Crescent's sacred sign". Anger consumes Almanzor and in "words of mingled scorn and hate" he declares that a free-born Greek can not be swayed by taunts and bribes. The Pacha thereby sentences him to death after one night in the dungeon. Almanzor is then resting peacefully in his cell, his peace the result of "religion's pow'r' which can 'brighten e'en the darkest hour"; yet footsteps that do not resemble a soldier's weight are heard by Almanzor. The footsteps turn out to be Corai's, who intends to rescue him. After much deliberation upon who should attempt escape they run out of time and the Pacha and his guards surround the father and his hapless child; upon tearing her away from her father the Pacha declares Corai a "flow'r" that is "fit for a Moslem's paradise" and she is sent away to his harem. Within the lavishly decorated harem there are dancers that attempt to ease Corai from her despair, but to no avail. Finding their efforts in vain, a young Greek slave named Isidore is introduced. Using his lute he performs a song for Corai that is appropriate to her situation as a captive who seeks her loved ones; this rouses Corai from her state of despair and she avidly listens to Isidore's song. Once midnight passes Isidore approaches Corai and tells her to follow him if she wishes to be free; as they escape she witnesses her father's headless corpse in the courtyard which causes her to faint.

Paragraph 41: On January 31, 2018, the company completed the acquisition of Time Inc. In March 2018, only six weeks after the closure of the deal, Meredith announced that it would lay off 200 employees, up to 1,000 more over the next 10 months, and explore the sale of Fortune, Money, Sports Illustrated, and Time. Meredith felt that, despite their "strong consumer reach," these brands did not align with its core lifestyle properties. Howard Milstein had announced on February 7, 2018, that he would acquire Golf Magazine from Meredith, and Time Inc. UK was sold to the British private equity group Epiris (later rebranded to TI Media) in late February. In September 2018, Meredith announced the sale of Time to Marc Benioff and his wife Lynne for $190 million. In November 2018, Meredith announced the sale of Fortune to Thai businessman Chatchaval Jiaravanon, whose family owns Charoen Pokphand, for $150 million. After failing to find a buyer for Money, Meredith in April 2019 announced that it would cease the magazine's print publication as of July 2019, but would invest in the brand's digital component Money.com. In May 2019, Meredith announced the sale of Sports Illustrated to Authentic Brands Group, for $110 million.

Paragraph 42: During his time working for World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in the United States Japanese wrestler Último Dragón decided to open up a wrestling school in Naucalpan, Mexico to give Japanese hopefuls the chance to learn the Mexican lucha libre style like Dragón had. The wrestling school operated after the same principles of a university, divided into classes with several terms where wrestlers would "graduate" (debut) at the same time. The Ultimo Dragon Gym's first graduating term consisted of Cima, Don Fujii, Dragon Kid, Magnum Tokyo and Suwa who collectively became known as Toryumon Japan (a name that would be used for the first four terms). Toryumon promoted their first show on May 11, 1997, in Naucalpan, Mexico on a show that was co-promoted with International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG). Toryumon and IWRG would co-promote shows in Japan from 1997 until 2001, allowing the Ultimo Dragon Gym graduates to work on IWRG shows and even saw several graduates wrestlers win IWRG Championship. Through his contacts with WCW Último Dragón also arranged for some of his first term graduates to wrestle on World Championship Wrestling shows. On January 1, 1999, Toryumon held its first show in Japan and from that point forward began promoting regular shows in Japan. Toryumon's combination of traditional Japanese Puroresu, Mexican Lucha Libre and elements of Sports Entertainment that Último Dragón had observed while working for WCW such as outside interference and referee's being knocked out, something that at the time was not traditionally used in Japanese wrestling. The second class of Último Dragón Gym graduates began their own promotion, called the Toryumon 2000 Project, or T2P for short. The T2P promotion debuted on November 13, 2001, and became known for their use of the six-sided wrestling ring, the first promotion to regularly use such a ring shape. T2P wrestlers primarily used a submission based style called Llave (Spanish for "Key" the lucha libre term for submission locks). T2P ran until January 27, 2003, when the roster was absorbed into Toryumon. The third graduating class was known as "Toryumon X" and like T2P also started their own promotion under their class name. Toryumon X made its debut on August 22, 2003, and lasted until early 2004.

Paragraph 43: Audsley's interest in the pipe organ was largely sparked by early experiences hearing W. T. Best at St. George's Hall, Liverpool. Audsley wrote numerous magazine articles on the organ, and as early as the 1880s was envisioning huge instruments with numerous divisions each under separate expression, in imitation of the symphony orchestra.  The Los Angeles Art Organ Co. (successors to the Murray M. Harris Organ Company) had Audsley design the world's largest organ they were building for the St. Louis Exposition of 1904, and included him on the paid staff. This instrument was produced just as his book on The Art of Organ-Building was being published. This great pipe organ eventually was purchased for the John Wanamaker Store in Philadelphia, PA, where it is today known as the Wanamaker Organ.  In 1905, Audsley published the monumental two-volume  The Art of Organ Building as an attempt to position himself as the pre-eminent organ designer in the US. The lavish work includes numerous superb drawings done by Audsley and is still consulted today although organ fashions have evolved in many directions in the ever-fluid, passion-driven world of music. He was an early advocate of console standardization and radiating concave pedal keyboards to accommodate the natural movement of human legs. Unfortunately, his plan to develop the profession of "organ architect" as a consultant to work in consultation with major builders in achieving a high-art product was short-lived. Few commissions for pipe organs or buildings came his way, and few organs were built to high-art standards.  In subsequent years, he wrote several works, one of which was published posthumously, that were essentially shortened forms of his 1905 organ building book, updated to comment on controversies of the day and the rapid advances in applying electro-pneumatic actions and playing aids to the craft. The National Association of Organists (now defunct) bestowed an Audsley medal in his honor.

Paragraph 44: For Europeans in the Age of Exploration western North America was one of the most distant places on Earth (9 to 12 months of sailing). Spain had long claimed the entire west coast of the Americas. The area north of Mexico however was given little attention in the early years. This changed when the Russians appeared in Alaska. The Spanish moved north to California and built a series of missions along the Pacific coast including: San Diego in 1767, Monterey, California in 1770 and San Francisco in 1776. San Francisco Bay was discovered in 1769 by Gaspar de Portolà from the landward side because its mouth is not obvious from the sea. The Spanish settlement of San Francisco remained the northern limit of land occupation. By sea, from 1774 to 1793 the Spanish expeditions to the Pacific Northwest tried to assert Spanish claims against the Russians and British. In 1774 Juan José Pérez Hernández reached what is now the south end of the Alaska panhandle. In 1778 Captain Cook sailed the west coast and spent a month at Nootka Sound on Vancouver Island. An expedition led by Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra sailed north to Nootka and reached Prince William Sound. In 1788 Esteban José Martínez went north and met the Russians for the first time (Unalaska and Kodiak Island) and heard that the Russians were planning to occupy Nootka Sound. In 1789 Martinez went north to build a fort at Nootka and found British and American merchant ships already there. He seized a British ship which led to the Nootka Crisis and Spanish recognition of non-Spanish trade on the northwest coast. In 1791 the Malaspina expedition mapped the Alaska coast. In 1792 Dionisio Alcalá Galiano circumnavigated Vancouver Island. In 1792-93 George Vancouver also mapped the complex coast of British Columbia. Vancouver Island was originally named Quadra's and Vancouver's Island in commemoration of the friendly negotiations held by the Spanish commander of the Nootka Sound settlement, Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra and British naval captain George Vancouver in Nootka Sound in 1792. In 1793 Alexander Mackenzie reached the Pacific overland from Canada. By this time Spain was becoming involved in the French wars and increasingly unable to assert its claims on the Pacific coast. In 1804 the Lewis and Clark Expedition reached the Pacific overland from the Mississippi River. By the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819 Spain gave up its claims north of California. Canadian fur traders, and later a smaller number of Americans, crossed the mountains and built posts on the coast. In 1846 the Oregon Treaty divided the Oregon country between Britain and the United States. The United States conquered California in 1848 and purchased Alaska in 1867.

Paragraph 45: A clickwrap or clickthrough agreement is a  prompt that offers individuals the opportunity to accept or decline a digitally-mediated policy. Privacy policies, terms of service and other user policies, as well as copyright policies commonly employ the clickwrap prompt. Clickwraps are common in signup processes for social media services like Facebook, Twitter or Tumblr, connections to wireless networks operated in corporate spaces, as part of the installation processes of many software packages, and in other circumstances where agreement is sought using digital media. The name "clickwrap" is derived from the use of "shrink wrap contracts" commonly used in boxed software purchases, which "contain a notice that by tearing open the shrinkwrap, the user assents to the software terms enclosed within".

Paragraph 46: The red flowers typically have a diameter of  and smell awfully of rotten meat to attract flies for pollination. This species has some claim to being the world's largest flower, for although the average size of R. arnoldii is greater than the average R. kerrii, there have been two recent specimens of R. kerrii of exceptional size: One specimen found in the Lojing Highlands of peninsular Malaysia on April 7, 2004 by Prof. Dr. Kamarudin Mat-Salleh, and Mat Ros measured  in width, while another found in 2007 in Kelantan State, peninsular Malaysia by Dr. Gan Canglin measured . The photograph of Dr. Gan with the flower clearly shows that the corolla is  in width; the largest corolla ever reported anywhere. The plant is a parasite to the wild grapes of the genus Tetrastigma (T. leucostaphylum, T. papillosum and T. quadrangulum), but only the flowers are visible.  The remainder of the plant is a network of fibers penetrating all of the tissues of the Tetrastigma, which fibers, although Angiosperm in nature, closely resemble a fungal mycelium. Small buds appear along the lianas and roots of the host, which after nine months open as giant flowers. After just one week the flower wilts. The species seems to be flowering seasonally, as flowers are only reported during the dry season, from January to March, and more rarely till July.