Paragraph 1: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 2: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 3: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 4: Joining the Sussex County Football League for the second time in the 1976–77 season, the team was placed in Division 1 and won the title, a year later they reached the Sussex Senior Cup final losing 4–0 to Worthing at the Goldstone Ground, a regular fixture for the cup between 1952 and 1995. Onwards in the league for 20 years between 1980 and 2000, Town saw 14 different managers and were quite quiet in the Sussex County League. Usually finishing around mid-table. In 1985 Town seemed stronger finishing 3rd in the table and reaching the semi-finals of the R.U.R. Cup. The 1985–86 season Town finished 3rd again, but won the R.U.R Cup which then won again the following season. After which Town were quiet again, finishing in the top five the following two seasons before going back to finishing in the lower half of the table. They nearly missed out relegation in the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons finishing 17th both seasons and the 1990s were no improvement to the team. Towards the end of the decade, a joint management team with Rob Thorley and ex-Langney Sports manager Peter Cherry seemed to improve the team but had a shock in the 2000–01 season when Town were relegated for the first ever time into Division Two, along with Lancing and East Preston. With manager Dave Winterton at the helm, Division Two only lasted two seasons, finishing 4th in 2002. The summer of 2002 saw Yemi Odubade sign for Eastbourne Town having moved from Nigeria and became a prolific goal scorer alongside Gary Brockwell contributed to Town's then record of 97 goals in the league but were runners up at the end of the 2002–03 season by 3 points to Rye & Iden and returned to Division 1. Yemi was also top scorer the following season and left in the summer of 2004 when Yeovil Town took an interest in his 70 plus goals in his two seasons at Town, who finished that season in 5th place. Yemi was clearly missed in the 2004–05 season when Town dropped form and Dave Winterton was sacked by the Town board in January 2005, for his aggression to match officials and was replaced by Adrian Colwell 18 days later, finishing the season in 10th place.

Paragraph 5: The six qualifying contestants retain their numbers from the first round. The host asks a series of toss-up questions on the buzzer, each of which can be answered with the number of a contestant still in play at the time. If a contestant responds correctly with an opponent's number, that opponent is eliminated; a contestant who responds correctly with his/her own number remains in the game. An incorrect response eliminates the contestant who gave it, regardless of the number. If no one buzzes in on a question, the contestant with the correct number is eliminated. The last remaining contestant advances to the Wonderwall round for a chance to win a trip, whilst the last contestant eliminated from the game wins a holiday in the Countryside.

Paragraph 6: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 7: Rennard served as the Liberal Democrats Chief Executive from 2003 to 2009, during which time he was in overall charge of the party's election campaigns and organisation. His campaigns team continued to build the party's successes through by-elections such as Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004. Following the Lib Dems' victory at Brent East in 2003, The Independent profiled Lord Rennard, saying calling him "a Liberal democrat who knows how to win elections" and saying that "In recent years thoughtful Conservatives surveying their wretched political predicament sometimes wondered aloud where "their" Peter Mandelson was. As usual they were asking the wrong question. They should have been seeking "their" Chris Rennard. For while Rennard enjoys a rather lower profile than New Labour's sultan of spin, the Liberal Democrats' own election guru is a no less formidable operator. True, Rennard has not managed to take the Liberal Democrats to Downing Street with a landslide majority, but it is in large part to him that the party owes its revival, the latest evidence of which was its victory in Brent East." As Chief Executive, Rennard oversaw the party’s recovery from a series of crises in January 2006 when Charles Kennedy resigned as Leader, Mark Oaten resigned as the party’s Home Affairs spokesman and Simon Hughes was claimed to be gay by The Sun newspaper. This turbulent period came to an end in March when he oversaw victory in the 2006 Dunfermline and West Fife by-election, which brought the total of Liberal Democrats MPs to 63. He chaired the Liberal Democrat general election campaign for both Sir Menzies Campbell and Nick Clegg between summer 2006 and May 2009, when he stood down as Chief Executive of the Party.

Paragraph 8: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 9: Joining the Sussex County Football League for the second time in the 1976–77 season, the team was placed in Division 1 and won the title, a year later they reached the Sussex Senior Cup final losing 4–0 to Worthing at the Goldstone Ground, a regular fixture for the cup between 1952 and 1995. Onwards in the league for 20 years between 1980 and 2000, Town saw 14 different managers and were quite quiet in the Sussex County League. Usually finishing around mid-table. In 1985 Town seemed stronger finishing 3rd in the table and reaching the semi-finals of the R.U.R. Cup. The 1985–86 season Town finished 3rd again, but won the R.U.R Cup which then won again the following season. After which Town were quiet again, finishing in the top five the following two seasons before going back to finishing in the lower half of the table. They nearly missed out relegation in the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons finishing 17th both seasons and the 1990s were no improvement to the team. Towards the end of the decade, a joint management team with Rob Thorley and ex-Langney Sports manager Peter Cherry seemed to improve the team but had a shock in the 2000–01 season when Town were relegated for the first ever time into Division Two, along with Lancing and East Preston. With manager Dave Winterton at the helm, Division Two only lasted two seasons, finishing 4th in 2002. The summer of 2002 saw Yemi Odubade sign for Eastbourne Town having moved from Nigeria and became a prolific goal scorer alongside Gary Brockwell contributed to Town's then record of 97 goals in the league but were runners up at the end of the 2002–03 season by 3 points to Rye & Iden and returned to Division 1. Yemi was also top scorer the following season and left in the summer of 2004 when Yeovil Town took an interest in his 70 plus goals in his two seasons at Town, who finished that season in 5th place. Yemi was clearly missed in the 2004–05 season when Town dropped form and Dave Winterton was sacked by the Town board in January 2005, for his aggression to match officials and was replaced by Adrian Colwell 18 days later, finishing the season in 10th place.

Paragraph 10: The six qualifying contestants retain their numbers from the first round. The host asks a series of toss-up questions on the buzzer, each of which can be answered with the number of a contestant still in play at the time. If a contestant responds correctly with an opponent's number, that opponent is eliminated; a contestant who responds correctly with his/her own number remains in the game. An incorrect response eliminates the contestant who gave it, regardless of the number. If no one buzzes in on a question, the contestant with the correct number is eliminated. The last remaining contestant advances to the Wonderwall round for a chance to win a trip, whilst the last contestant eliminated from the game wins a holiday in the Countryside.

Paragraph 11: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 12: Joining the Sussex County Football League for the second time in the 1976–77 season, the team was placed in Division 1 and won the title, a year later they reached the Sussex Senior Cup final losing 4–0 to Worthing at the Goldstone Ground, a regular fixture for the cup between 1952 and 1995. Onwards in the league for 20 years between 1980 and 2000, Town saw 14 different managers and were quite quiet in the Sussex County League. Usually finishing around mid-table. In 1985 Town seemed stronger finishing 3rd in the table and reaching the semi-finals of the R.U.R. Cup. The 1985–86 season Town finished 3rd again, but won the R.U.R Cup which then won again the following season. After which Town were quiet again, finishing in the top five the following two seasons before going back to finishing in the lower half of the table. They nearly missed out relegation in the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons finishing 17th both seasons and the 1990s were no improvement to the team. Towards the end of the decade, a joint management team with Rob Thorley and ex-Langney Sports manager Peter Cherry seemed to improve the team but had a shock in the 2000–01 season when Town were relegated for the first ever time into Division Two, along with Lancing and East Preston. With manager Dave Winterton at the helm, Division Two only lasted two seasons, finishing 4th in 2002. The summer of 2002 saw Yemi Odubade sign for Eastbourne Town having moved from Nigeria and became a prolific goal scorer alongside Gary Brockwell contributed to Town's then record of 97 goals in the league but were runners up at the end of the 2002–03 season by 3 points to Rye & Iden and returned to Division 1. Yemi was also top scorer the following season and left in the summer of 2004 when Yeovil Town took an interest in his 70 plus goals in his two seasons at Town, who finished that season in 5th place. Yemi was clearly missed in the 2004–05 season when Town dropped form and Dave Winterton was sacked by the Town board in January 2005, for his aggression to match officials and was replaced by Adrian Colwell 18 days later, finishing the season in 10th place.

Paragraph 13: Rennard served as the Liberal Democrats Chief Executive from 2003 to 2009, during which time he was in overall charge of the party's election campaigns and organisation. His campaigns team continued to build the party's successes through by-elections such as Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004. Following the Lib Dems' victory at Brent East in 2003, The Independent profiled Lord Rennard, saying calling him "a Liberal democrat who knows how to win elections" and saying that "In recent years thoughtful Conservatives surveying their wretched political predicament sometimes wondered aloud where "their" Peter Mandelson was. As usual they were asking the wrong question. They should have been seeking "their" Chris Rennard. For while Rennard enjoys a rather lower profile than New Labour's sultan of spin, the Liberal Democrats' own election guru is a no less formidable operator. True, Rennard has not managed to take the Liberal Democrats to Downing Street with a landslide majority, but it is in large part to him that the party owes its revival, the latest evidence of which was its victory in Brent East." As Chief Executive, Rennard oversaw the party’s recovery from a series of crises in January 2006 when Charles Kennedy resigned as Leader, Mark Oaten resigned as the party’s Home Affairs spokesman and Simon Hughes was claimed to be gay by The Sun newspaper. This turbulent period came to an end in March when he oversaw victory in the 2006 Dunfermline and West Fife by-election, which brought the total of Liberal Democrats MPs to 63. He chaired the Liberal Democrat general election campaign for both Sir Menzies Campbell and Nick Clegg between summer 2006 and May 2009, when he stood down as Chief Executive of the Party.

Paragraph 14: The six qualifying contestants retain their numbers from the first round. The host asks a series of toss-up questions on the buzzer, each of which can be answered with the number of a contestant still in play at the time. If a contestant responds correctly with an opponent's number, that opponent is eliminated; a contestant who responds correctly with his/her own number remains in the game. An incorrect response eliminates the contestant who gave it, regardless of the number. If no one buzzes in on a question, the contestant with the correct number is eliminated. The last remaining contestant advances to the Wonderwall round for a chance to win a trip, whilst the last contestant eliminated from the game wins a holiday in the Countryside.

Paragraph 15: Rennard served as the Liberal Democrats Chief Executive from 2003 to 2009, during which time he was in overall charge of the party's election campaigns and organisation. His campaigns team continued to build the party's successes through by-elections such as Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004. Following the Lib Dems' victory at Brent East in 2003, The Independent profiled Lord Rennard, saying calling him "a Liberal democrat who knows how to win elections" and saying that "In recent years thoughtful Conservatives surveying their wretched political predicament sometimes wondered aloud where "their" Peter Mandelson was. As usual they were asking the wrong question. They should have been seeking "their" Chris Rennard. For while Rennard enjoys a rather lower profile than New Labour's sultan of spin, the Liberal Democrats' own election guru is a no less formidable operator. True, Rennard has not managed to take the Liberal Democrats to Downing Street with a landslide majority, but it is in large part to him that the party owes its revival, the latest evidence of which was its victory in Brent East." As Chief Executive, Rennard oversaw the party’s recovery from a series of crises in January 2006 when Charles Kennedy resigned as Leader, Mark Oaten resigned as the party’s Home Affairs spokesman and Simon Hughes was claimed to be gay by The Sun newspaper. This turbulent period came to an end in March when he oversaw victory in the 2006 Dunfermline and West Fife by-election, which brought the total of Liberal Democrats MPs to 63. He chaired the Liberal Democrat general election campaign for both Sir Menzies Campbell and Nick Clegg between summer 2006 and May 2009, when he stood down as Chief Executive of the Party.

Paragraph 16: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 17: Officially the Shree Chandrodaya Secondary School was established in 1960 A.D. in Benighat VDC of Dhading District by the effort of local youth when The Education Department from Nuwakot District gave permission to operate a primary school and contributed NRs. 600 per annum. That NRs. 600 was the main source of school operation and in-addition local people also used to contribute some money. At the time of its establishment, it was located in the Benighat Bazar. The Sanskrit, English, Mathematics and Nepali were the subjects of study. At the very beginning, the school didn't have a proper building and the learning activity was started in a shrine-like house and there used to be merely 15-18 students. Even after a decade of its establishment, it has to wander here and there in order to get good land. It was like a mobile school. In 1965AD, the school was shifted from Benighat Bazar to Bishaltar, just above the current location of the school where the school has got its own premises. When the construction of Prithvi Highway  started, the location was inaccessible for the students and people again started thinking of shifting it nearby Prithvi Highway where the access is easy. In 1969, all the villagers came to a conclusion that the school should be shifted to the village of Bishaltar centring all the local dwellers where there is now the primary wing of Shree Chandrodaya Higher Secondary School. In 1977, it became a Lower Secondary School. In 1979, the Management Committee felt that the location was insufficient. So, they built a building and shifted the Lower Secondary School to the western part of the Bishaltar village called Baltar. The villagers from Benighat VDC, Dhusa VDC of Dhading District and Ghyalchok VDC of Gorkha District also contributed to make a building and other required infrastructures. Then slowly it became a Secondary School. As the infrastructure was not durable, its condition became miserable. At that time, an INGO Hanuman Onlus made first visit in the school and decided to help the school by building a new building. They built a 12-room cemented building along with toilet in association with another NGO COYON. In 2009, the school became a Higher Secondary School. Today, this school has developed a lot. Chandrodaya Multiple Campus was also established where BBS and B.Ed are taught. Its one of the main attraction of the passengers passing by during their journey to Kathmandu. This school is one of the richest schools of Dhading District. Every single room is decorated with a white board, well painted desks and benches, fans, and lights. As of January 15, 2016, the 57th yearly anniversary of this school was celebrated in a great way with District Education Officer as the special guest. And from April 2016, this school even started to provide technical education to the secondary class students; a feat only achieved by few schools in Dhading district. In 2074B.S, It became one of the few schools in Dhading district to introduce Plant Science subject from secondary level and in the same year, this school became first in SEE examination in the whole district as its top SEE graduate scored total GPA of 3.95.

Paragraph 18: Joining the Sussex County Football League for the second time in the 1976–77 season, the team was placed in Division 1 and won the title, a year later they reached the Sussex Senior Cup final losing 4–0 to Worthing at the Goldstone Ground, a regular fixture for the cup between 1952 and 1995. Onwards in the league for 20 years between 1980 and 2000, Town saw 14 different managers and were quite quiet in the Sussex County League. Usually finishing around mid-table. In 1985 Town seemed stronger finishing 3rd in the table and reaching the semi-finals of the R.U.R. Cup. The 1985–86 season Town finished 3rd again, but won the R.U.R Cup which then won again the following season. After which Town were quiet again, finishing in the top five the following two seasons before going back to finishing in the lower half of the table. They nearly missed out relegation in the 1992–93 and 1993–94 seasons finishing 17th both seasons and the 1990s were no improvement to the team. Towards the end of the decade, a joint management team with Rob Thorley and ex-Langney Sports manager Peter Cherry seemed to improve the team but had a shock in the 2000–01 season when Town were relegated for the first ever time into Division Two, along with Lancing and East Preston. With manager Dave Winterton at the helm, Division Two only lasted two seasons, finishing 4th in 2002. The summer of 2002 saw Yemi Odubade sign for Eastbourne Town having moved from Nigeria and became a prolific goal scorer alongside Gary Brockwell contributed to Town's then record of 97 goals in the league but were runners up at the end of the 2002–03 season by 3 points to Rye & Iden and returned to Division 1. Yemi was also top scorer the following season and left in the summer of 2004 when Yeovil Town took an interest in his 70 plus goals in his two seasons at Town, who finished that season in 5th place. Yemi was clearly missed in the 2004–05 season when Town dropped form and Dave Winterton was sacked by the Town board in January 2005, for his aggression to match officials and was replaced by Adrian Colwell 18 days later, finishing the season in 10th place.

Paragraph 19: The six qualifying contestants retain their numbers from the first round. The host asks a series of toss-up questions on the buzzer, each of which can be answered with the number of a contestant still in play at the time. If a contestant responds correctly with an opponent's number, that opponent is eliminated; a contestant who responds correctly with his/her own number remains in the game. An incorrect response eliminates the contestant who gave it, regardless of the number. If no one buzzes in on a question, the contestant with the correct number is eliminated. The last remaining contestant advances to the Wonderwall round for a chance to win a trip, whilst the last contestant eliminated from the game wins a holiday in the Countryside.

Paragraph 20: The festival was originally a two-day event until 2007, when the Friday became a mainstay event for live music. However, the 2007 festival was criticised by many festival-goers who missed acts on the Friday due to huge traffic jams of 10 miles on the A91 and A977 leading to Kinross. To prevent a repeat of the traffic chaos, in 2008 organisers allowed a limited number of campers to pitch up on the Thursday in order to cut the number of cars on the roads on the Friday. By extending the festival over a full three days, it began to grow rapidly, becoming the second-largest greenfield festival in the United Kingdom, and the fifth-largest in the world in terms of attendance, with over 85,000 people on site every day.

Paragraph 21: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.

Paragraph 22: When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting alongside duke of Gloucester, usually described as one of Gloucester's squires  Gloucester remembered Parr's younger brother, and others who fell in battle at his side, in a chantry created at Queen's College, Cambridge, July 1477,Charles Ross, "Some 'Servants and Lovers' of Richard in his youth", Ricardian,vol., no.55, Dec. 1976, available online at the Society website Of some interest is Horrox's comment that Parr may well have died not along side Richard, but fighting against him and King Edward at Barnet, nonetheless, Parr was added to the list of men who died at Richard's side as if he were loyal to both himself and King Edward  Horrox, Richard III, A Study in Service, p.38  If true, then King Edward's efforts to put past battles behind them in this case was something Gloucester was also willing to extend to the younger Parr. For William, aligning himself with the always reliably stalwart Yorkist, James Harrington, once Edward and Gloucester returned from exile, meant that he was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He also received a major grant of estates, including the third part of the crown's share of the Kendal barony, and Burgh, Pendragon, and Appleby Castles. He did not, however, receive the lordship of Kendal itself, and it would be Parr's son who would be the first of the family raised to the peerage, in 1538. Sir William Parr swore, along with everyone else in Edward's family and court, to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472, and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473.