Paragraph 1: The first execution of Jews took place just a few days into the occupation. The Germans shot 25 Jewish men in Lenin Park. At the end of July 1941, two ghettos were established in the neighboring village of Ryzhkovichi. In August 1941, the Einsatzgruppen arrived in the town and gathered 84 Jews under the pretext of sending them to forced labor. In fact, they were taken to the village of Semyonovka and were shot in the kolkhoz. In September 1941, the Jews were taken to a ravine in Khoduly, between the villages of Putniki and Zarechye. They had to undress and lie in the ditch before being shot. According to Soviet sources, 3200 Jews were killed in Shklow and the surrounding neighborhood.

Paragraph 2: Maguire began her 2022 season at the Gainbridge LPGA at Boca Rio in Boca Raton, Florida, where she finished one stroke outside the top 20 places. As a result, she moved to number 37 on the Women's World Golf Ranking, her highest placing ever. On 5 February, Maguire became the first golfer from Ireland to win an LPGA tournament. At the LPGA Drive On Championship held in Fort Myers, Florida, USA, she gained a three-stroke victory over Lexi Thompson with rounds of 66, 65, 67 for an 18-under-par total of 198. She won $225,000, her biggest-ever prize money. As a result, she moved to number 20 on the world rankings, her highest placing ever. Her top-20 spot means she is the second-highest ranked European player in the world. Maguire has jumped 157 places on the rankings in the last 12 months. On 21 February, Maguire moved up to number 18 on the world rankings, her highest placing ever. On 5 June, Maguire achieved her highest ever placing in the U.S. Women's Open with 8th place at Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club in Southern Pines, North Carolina. She also won the biggest purse of her career with $261,195. On 19 June, Maguire shot a final round 65 to get into a playoff with Jennifer Kupcho and Nelly Korda at the Meijer LPGA Classic. Kupcho won the title at the second sudden-death hole. Maguire received prize money of $196,847. On 7 August, Maguire achieved her highest place in a major, with joint fourth place in the AIG Women's Open at Muirfield in Scotland. Her final round of 66 was the lowest of the day, earning her prize money of $309,546, her biggest-ever purse. As a result, she moved to number 17 on the world rankings, her highest placing ever. Maguire finished the LPGA season winning her biggest ever prize money at the CME Group Tour Championship in Tiburon Golf Club, Naples, Florida, USA. Her second place to Lydia Ko earned her $550,000, giving her $1,812,813 total earnings from the LPGA for this season. As a result, Maguire moved to number 11 on the world rankings, her highest placing ever, and is the highest-ranked European player in the world. She also finished in the top-10 on the LPGA awards list for Player of the Year, for most money won, most tournaments won and for most top-10 finishes. Maguire finished her 2022 season with fourth place at the LET Tour Andalucia Costa Del Sol Open De España in Villa Padierna Golf Club, Spain. She also finished the season in the top-10 on the LET awards list for most money won, sand saves, lowest putting average per round and lowest stroke average. Maguire had ten top-10 finishes in all competitions worldwide in 2022, placing 1st, 2nd (twice), 4th (three times), 8th and 10th (three times).

Paragraph 3: The Kenyan Baháʼí community came under the newly formed regional National Spiritual Assembly of Central & Eastern Africa in 1956, of which Nakhjavani was the chairman, and 9 more assemblies were elected in Kenya in 1957 along with three weekend schools. In Dec. 1958 – January 1959 the first seven-day school in Kenya was held near Kimilili in western Kenya covering topics on Baháʼí administration, Baháʼí history and Baháʼí teachings. Correspondence courses followed by June. By December there was progress in getting permanent centers established from among the assemblies. Extraordinary number of enrollments in Uganda and Kenya had reached the point that the institution of the Hands of the Cause were noting there were not enough Baha'is to keep up with the work of checking the enrollments. In the case of Kenya, almost nearly twelve hundred people joined the religion in less than a year. Four regional conferences on the progress of the religion and weekend schools were held by early 1960. Hand of the Cause Musa Banani was the first Hand to visit Kenya in early 1960. Nine Kenyans were among the attendees at advanced training in 1960 though classes now used chapters from Baháʼu'lláh and the New Era by John Esslemont while in November 1960 Hands of the Cause John Robarts and Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir toured Kenya leading up to the dedication of the mother Baháʼí House of Worship of Africa in Uganda in January 1961. Kenyans were among the over 1500 people who attended. Following the dedication, Hand of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum and chairman of the regional National Assembly Ali Nakhjavani embarked on 15 days of visiting Baháʼís through Uganda and Kenya including seeing three regional conferences on the progress of the religion, staying in homes of fellow believers, and other events. Khanum talked to audiences about the future of African Baháʼís and their role in the religion. The convention for the 1961 election of the regional national assembly of central and east Africa included 35 delegates from Kenya. In September 1961 a permanent Baháʼí school was set up in Kenya where courses emphasized homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion and men supported women taking the courses. News of the openings was covered in Jet Magazine. By the end of 1961 conversions among pygmies brought the membership of the community to about 4000 and a total of 134 assemblies. Samandari was elected to the regional National Spiritual Assembly of North East Africa (1961–70) before moving to Cameroon where she later died. In 1962 the Kenyan government took steps to officially recognize Baháʼí holy days for employees. In May Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga visited for one week in Kenya as part of an extended tour of many African countries. He spoke in Tiriki, Nandi, Nyangore, Kisii, Nairobi, Mombasa and Wundanyi. He then returned in August for another week's stay this time in Kabras. In October in addition to the permanent school weekend courses were offered emphasizing homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion in Malakisi and Kimilili, while a permanent center was opened in South Kabras.

Paragraph 4: Bogdan Stelea was born in Bucharest on 5 December 1967 and he started to play football at the age of 12 when he was brought by boxing coach, Dumitru Ion at the youth center of Dinamo București where he worked with Iosif Varga, also during his youth years he was teammate with future national team competitor, Florin Prunea. He made his Liga I debut on 20 November 1986 under coach Mircea Lucescu in a 2–0 victory against Oțelul Galați but shortly afterwards he was sent on loan for the second half of the season at Politehnica Iași where he did not made any appearances. Stelea returned under Lucescu's command at Dinamo, being the first choice for the goalkeeper position since 1988, replacing Dumitru Moraru and his first performance with the team was reaching the quarter-finals of the 1988–89 European Cup Winners' Cup where they were eliminated on the away goals rule after 1–1 on aggregate by Sampdoria and in the following season he helped the club win The Double and appeared in 8 matches from the 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup campaign when the team reached the semi-finals where they were eliminated after 2–0 on aggregate by Anderlecht. While he was in a cantonment before a game from the 1990–91 European Cup against Porto, Stelea was nicknamed Arnold by Corneliu Vadim Tudor who visited them because his haircut looked similar to the one of Arnold Schwarzenegger from the movie Red Heat. In 1991–92 he was used by coach Florin Halagian in 11 Liga I games as the capital side won the national championship and eliminated with a 2–1 victory on aggregate Luis Figo's Sporting Lisabona in the UEFA Cup, but was transferred late in 1991 to Mallorca for €300.000. After two seasons in Spain, with relegation in his first, he joined Belgium's Standard Liège where he was teammate with fellow Romanian, Mircea Rednic but because he did not play much and risked not being selected to be part of Romania's 1994 World Cup squad, he quickly returned home to play for a half of year at Rapid București. After he participated at the 1994 World Cup, Stelea went to play for one year in Turkey at Samsunspor along compatriots Marius Cheregi and Daniel Timofte, being brought there by coach Gheorghe Mulțescu as first choice goalkeeper. Afterwards, Stelea returned again to his country and joined Steaua București, where in his two-year spell at the club, under the guidance of coach Dumitru Dumitriu he helped it renew its domestic supremacy by contributing significantly to the winning of The Double in both seasons and he played 11 games in the Champions League group stage over the course of the two seasons, also he kept a clean sheet in the victory from the 1995 Supercupa României in front of Petrolul Ploiești and during this period he also had a successful trial with Sunderland, but could not negotiate a deal. In 1997, Stelea was transferred to UD Salamanca for €900.000, where he lived his most steady period, remaining with the team seven years, only punctuated by a small loan spell with Rapid in which he was used by coach Mircea Rednic in the 2–1 victory against Dinamo from the 2002 Cupa României Final, he appeared in 191 overall games for Los Charros during his tenure whilst competing mainly in the second division, but spent his first two seasons in the top flight, also he was colleague with fellow Romanians Cătălin Munteanu, Lucian Marinescu, Ovidiu Stîngă and Gabriel Popescu which gave the club the nickname "Salamanca Rumana". In 2004, Stelea returned at Dinamo, helping the club win the 2004–05 Cupa României, being used by coach Ioan Andone in the final where he kept a clean sheet in the victory in front of Farul Constanța. In 2005 he was brought in Greece at Akratitos together with Lucian Marinescu by his former national team colleague Ilie Dumitrescu who was coach. In 2006, Stelea went back to Romania, signing with Oțelul Galați where he spent half of season, but did not feature in any matches because of a serious injury. The following campaign he moved to Unirea Urziceni for two seasons, being coached by his former national team colleague Dan Petrescu, but only in the second season he became first choice. Bogdan Stelea finally ended his 23-year long career at age 41 by the end of the 2008–09 season, playing 23 matches under coach Răzvan Lucescu at FC Brașov.

Paragraph 5: The Kenyan Baháʼí community came under the newly formed regional National Spiritual Assembly of Central & Eastern Africa in 1956, of which Nakhjavani was the chairman, and 9 more assemblies were elected in Kenya in 1957 along with three weekend schools. In Dec. 1958 – January 1959 the first seven-day school in Kenya was held near Kimilili in western Kenya covering topics on Baháʼí administration, Baháʼí history and Baháʼí teachings. Correspondence courses followed by June. By December there was progress in getting permanent centers established from among the assemblies. Extraordinary number of enrollments in Uganda and Kenya had reached the point that the institution of the Hands of the Cause were noting there were not enough Baha'is to keep up with the work of checking the enrollments. In the case of Kenya, almost nearly twelve hundred people joined the religion in less than a year. Four regional conferences on the progress of the religion and weekend schools were held by early 1960. Hand of the Cause Musa Banani was the first Hand to visit Kenya in early 1960. Nine Kenyans were among the attendees at advanced training in 1960 though classes now used chapters from Baháʼu'lláh and the New Era by John Esslemont while in November 1960 Hands of the Cause John Robarts and Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir toured Kenya leading up to the dedication of the mother Baháʼí House of Worship of Africa in Uganda in January 1961. Kenyans were among the over 1500 people who attended. Following the dedication, Hand of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum and chairman of the regional National Assembly Ali Nakhjavani embarked on 15 days of visiting Baháʼís through Uganda and Kenya including seeing three regional conferences on the progress of the religion, staying in homes of fellow believers, and other events. Khanum talked to audiences about the future of African Baháʼís and their role in the religion. The convention for the 1961 election of the regional national assembly of central and east Africa included 35 delegates from Kenya. In September 1961 a permanent Baháʼí school was set up in Kenya where courses emphasized homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion and men supported women taking the courses. News of the openings was covered in Jet Magazine. By the end of 1961 conversions among pygmies brought the membership of the community to about 4000 and a total of 134 assemblies. Samandari was elected to the regional National Spiritual Assembly of North East Africa (1961–70) before moving to Cameroon where she later died. In 1962 the Kenyan government took steps to officially recognize Baháʼí holy days for employees. In May Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga visited for one week in Kenya as part of an extended tour of many African countries. He spoke in Tiriki, Nandi, Nyangore, Kisii, Nairobi, Mombasa and Wundanyi. He then returned in August for another week's stay this time in Kabras. In October in addition to the permanent school weekend courses were offered emphasizing homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion in Malakisi and Kimilili, while a permanent center was opened in South Kabras.

Paragraph 6: He failed to get through to Q2 for the Race of Brazil but started ahead of his teammate. He finished in the points in his first race as a works driver. While letting his teammate pass during qualifying for the Race of Morocco, Hernández clashed with fellow BMW driver Andy Priaulx and finished the session nineteenth. Hernández retired from race two on the opening lap and his stranded car brought out the safety car. After qualifying for the Race of France, he was one of seven drivers who had their times from Q2 deleted for exceeding the engine rev limit on theirs cars. He finished fifth in race one but a collision with Porteiro on the first lap put Hernández out of the race and his BMW 320si caught fire, Porteiro was issued with a drive–through penalty for his involvement. He started on pole position for the reversed grid race at the Race of Spain but dropped down to sixth by the end of the race. Hernández took his first overall WTCC victory in race two of the Race of the Czech Republic, having started on the second row and passed pole sitter Yvan Muller on the third lap. Race one of the Race of Portugal saw Hernandez and the Lada of Jaap van Lagen, who started 17th and 18th respectively tangle after the rolling start, pitching Hernandez in the concrete barrier. He was subsequently taken to hospital for checks on his ankle and was unable to start race two. Contact from SEAT Sport driver Jordi Gené during race two of the Race of Italy spun Hernández and dropped him down the order and he eventually finished eleventh. He finished the season eleventh in the drivers' championship as the fourth best BMW factory driver and one place ahead of his teammate. In December 2009, BMW announced it was to reduce its involvement in the WTCC from five cars to two. ROAL Motorsport would no longer be involved with the German manufacturer, leaving Hernández to find a seat himself for 2010.

Paragraph 7: In the early to mid 1980s, International Harvester fell on hard times during the poor agricultural economy of the times; the company had never recovered from a 172-day strike during 1979–1980.  In an effort for International to survive, new CEO Donald Lennox directed company management to begin divesting many of its historical business divisions.  While some divisions were sold to stave off losses, other profitable divisions were also sold to generate much-needed revenue.  The Construction Equipment Division was sold to Dresser Industries; Solar (gas turbines) Division to Caterpillar; Cub Cadet was sold (lawn and garden equipment) to MTD Products.    In 1983, the company entered into a supply agreement with Ford Motor Company, with the Engine Division supplying the 6.9L IDI diesel V8 for Ford full-size pickup trucks and vans; at the time, V8 diesels served as a fuel-efficient alternative to large-displacement gasoline V8 engines.  With the 6.9L and its successor V8 engines, the supply agreement lasted through 2010.    At the beginning of 1985, the Agricultural Division was acquired by Tenneco, the parent company of company rival Case Corporation; the IHC name and its logo were assets of the Agricultural Division, consequently part of the sale.  Tenneco created the merged Case IH (as both brands currently remain).  Following the sale to Tenneco, all that remained of the company were the International Truck and Engine Divisions.    In response to the sale of its own brand and logo, International Harvester reintroduced itself on February 20, 1986, as Navistar International Corporation (combining "Navi-" of Navigation and "Star" from multiple truck lines).  Navistar International became the parent company of International Truck and Engine Corporation (the previous Truck and Engine Division), with an orange-red diamond logo replacing the IH "tractor" logo.  In 1987, International introduced the 8300, marking a second generation of the IHC S-Series.  Designated as the "Thousand Series" by the marketplace, the 8300 was joined by additional Class 7/8 tractors and by the 4000-series medium-duty trucks in 1989.  To upgrade fuel economy, the Thousand-Series trucks received an aerodynamic hood with faired in headlamps and turn signals; a body-color grille replaced chrome trim.

Paragraph 8: Yule's study of the prehistory of Oman began from 1982-1987 as a volunteer at the Deutsches Bergbau-Museum in Bochum together with Gerd Weisgerber. Yule focussed on the cataloguing of the metal hoard find from Ibri-Selme (and others as well), which he published with Gerd Weisgerber. This typological study catalogues the largest hoard of metallic artefacts to occur in the Near East. Stashed in an Umm an-Nar period communal tomb, these date to the Early Iron Age. In 1987 Yule began his habilitation on the site of Samad al-Shan which sheds light on the late pre-Islamic, protoliterate Late Iron Age population of central Oman. It comes into view as early as 200 BCE and we lose track of it around 300 CE far prior to the arrival of Islam in Oman. After 2006 he raised the chronology of the Samad Late Iron Age. The cemetery site, Samad, yields eastern Arabian artefacts of different periods. New excavations were intended to better date the Early Iron Age. New was the introduction of alphanumeric abbreviations for site and artefact classes to enable computer processing. In the mid 1990s Yule and Weisgerber mapped and studied the tower tombs of Jaylah in the eastern part of the Jebel Akhdhar, which may date to the Bronze Age Umm an-Nar Period mid-late 3rd millennium BCE. Yule sought unsuccessfully late antique habitation in his excavation at the oasis site of Izki/al-Yemen. Yule updated his thought on Oman in 2014. For south-eastern Arabia he distinguishes and defines Early and Late Iron Ages. In the Sultanate, the Late Iron Age has two facies. The one known from the most sites is designated Samad Late Iron Age, the other is the "période préislamique récente" which mostly French and Belgian colleagues researched and defined in the United Arab Emirates. Years after finishing the actual report, Yule realised the important publications for the excavations at al-Akhdhar, al-Wāsiṭ tomb W1 and other projects. In 2012 the Ministry of Heritage and Culture asked him to document and published an Early Iron Age metal smelting site just inside the Empty Quarter in Wadi Ḍank, ʿUqdat al-Bakrah.

Paragraph 9: At the first monument race of the season, Milan–San Remo, the team came in thinking they had two options for the victory – 2009 winner Cavendish, and the 2011 season's most prolific winner to date Goss. Sporting director Valerio Piva stated that if the race came down to a large field sprint, as it often does, the team's focus would be Cavendish. For the second year in a row, Cavendish had had a slow start to his season, but stated that he felt he was on good form heading into Milan–San Remo. The race turned out to be atypical of how Milan–San Remo usually plays out. A crash occurred  from the finish of the  day on Le Manie, one of several small climbs in the profile. This allowed some 45 riders who had been ahead of world champion Thor Hushovd, the man who crashed, to speed clear of the rest of the main field. They quickly took a two-minute advantage and, working cohesively, never gave it up. Goss was the only HTC-Highroad rider to make the split, but his teammates, including Cavendish, who had been caught behind obligingly did nothing to help pull the second group up to the first. Goss effectively stayed in the slipstream of riders like Vincenzo Nibali and Philippe Gilbert, and stayed with the first group on the road over the Poggio where other sprinters like Tom Boonen, Alessandro Petacchi, and Heinrich Haussler were unable, despite having made the 45-rider selection earlier in the day. In the finale, eight riders representing eight different teams approached the finish line together. Since no one had a teammate to perform a proper leadout, the final meters were somewhat strange, as the eight riders continually looked around to see who would open up the sprint. Finally, Nibali, Gilbert, and Yoann Offredo did so, but they effectively performed a leadout for Goss, who came around them at the very end of the race for the victory. Goss was the first Australian rider ever to win the race. Afterward, Cavendish stated that he had been feeling ill on the day the race was run, and that even if he had not been caught behind the crash on Le Manie, he would not have had the form to put in a successful sprint. He said he was happy for his teammate's winning effort. The team had hoped to ride for Cavendish at Gent–Wevelgem in March, but repeated mechanical trouble and also a crash left him well short of figuring into the finale. Former Gent–Wevelgem winner Eisel was able to salvage the team's fortunes somewhat by finishing seventh on the day. In April, as the spring season was reaching its height, Cavendish took his third career win at the Scheldeprijs. The Manxman avoided a crash on the final finishing straight, one that doomed the chances for his chief rival Tyler Farrar, and was easily the best sprinter of the 31 riders who finished together at the head of the race.

Paragraph 10: In 2000, Carey parted from Columbia Records and signed a record-breaking $100 million five-album recording contract with Virgin Records America (EMI Records). She often stated that Columbia had regarded her as a commodity, with her separation from Tommy Mottola exacerbating her relations with label executives. However, in July 2001, Carey had suffered a physical and emotional breakdown. Due to this situation, Virgin and 20th Century Fox delayed the release of Carey's film Glitter, as well as its soundtrack of the same name. Both the releases received negative feedback and were commercially unsuccessful. This also resulted in her deal with Virgin being bought out for $50 million. Soon after, Carey flew to Capri, Italy for a period of five months, in which she began writing material for her new album, stemming from all the personal experiences she had endured throughout the past year. Carey later said that her time at Virgin was "a complete and total stress-fest [...] I made a total snap decision which was based on money and I never make decisions based on money. I learned a big lesson from that." Later that year, she signed a contract with Island Records, valued at more than $24 million, and launched the record label MonarC. To add further to Carey's emotional burdens, her father, with whom she had little contact since childhood, died of cancer that year.

Paragraph 11: In 1988, Gabaldon decided to write a novel for "practice, just to learn how", and with no intention to show it to anyone. As a research professor, she decided that a historical novel would be easiest to research and write, but she had no background in history and initially no particular time period in mind. Gabaldon happened to see a rerun episode of the Doctor Who science fiction TV series titled "The War Games".  One of the Doctor's companions was a Scot from around 1745, a young man about 17 years old named Jamie McCrimmon, who provided the initial inspiration for her main male character, James Fraser, and for her novel's mid-18th century Scotland setting. Gabaldon decided to have "an Englishwoman to play-off all these kilted Scotsmen", but her female character "took over the story and began telling it herself, making smart-ass modern remarks about everything."

Paragraph 12: On January 5, 1998, WCGV/Sinclair decided to drop the UPN affiliation over ratings and monetary issues, as did several other Sinclair stations in other markets after the company signed a lucrative affiliation deal with The WB (which included WVTV; the station affiliated with The WB on May 19,1997 prior to WCGV dropping UPN) to shift several stations from UPN. For eight months, the station reverted to being an independent station, though the only effect on the station's schedule was the replacement of UPN programming with syndicated film packages during prime time and Saturday afternoons, and paid programming in place of UPN Kids on Sunday mornings. A few local cable providers brought in the network's New York City area affiliate WWOR-TV to keep UPN programming available in the Milwaukee area, but for the most part the network was only seen on cable systems on the fringe of the market via WACY-TV in Appleton and WPWR-TV from Chicago; viewers could also choose to pull those stations over-the-air via antenna, along with the network's off-hours affiliation on WOOD-TV/WOTV across the lake in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Otherwise, most providers had dropped WWOR's "superstation" cable feed years before due to uninteresting programming replacing the main signal after SyndEx laws came into place, and the cable feed had been discontinued by satellite distribution rights holder Advance Entertainment Corporation a year earlier to increase distribution for Animal Planet.

Paragraph 13: In 1988, Gabaldon decided to write a novel for "practice, just to learn how", and with no intention to show it to anyone. As a research professor, she decided that a historical novel would be easiest to research and write, but she had no background in history and initially no particular time period in mind. Gabaldon happened to see a rerun episode of the Doctor Who science fiction TV series titled "The War Games".  One of the Doctor's companions was a Scot from around 1745, a young man about 17 years old named Jamie McCrimmon, who provided the initial inspiration for her main male character, James Fraser, and for her novel's mid-18th century Scotland setting. Gabaldon decided to have "an Englishwoman to play-off all these kilted Scotsmen", but her female character "took over the story and began telling it herself, making smart-ass modern remarks about everything."

Paragraph 14: Bogdan Stelea was born in Bucharest on 5 December 1967 and he started to play football at the age of 12 when he was brought by boxing coach, Dumitru Ion at the youth center of Dinamo București where he worked with Iosif Varga, also during his youth years he was teammate with future national team competitor, Florin Prunea. He made his Liga I debut on 20 November 1986 under coach Mircea Lucescu in a 2–0 victory against Oțelul Galați but shortly afterwards he was sent on loan for the second half of the season at Politehnica Iași where he did not made any appearances. Stelea returned under Lucescu's command at Dinamo, being the first choice for the goalkeeper position since 1988, replacing Dumitru Moraru and his first performance with the team was reaching the quarter-finals of the 1988–89 European Cup Winners' Cup where they were eliminated on the away goals rule after 1–1 on aggregate by Sampdoria and in the following season he helped the club win The Double and appeared in 8 matches from the 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup campaign when the team reached the semi-finals where they were eliminated after 2–0 on aggregate by Anderlecht. While he was in a cantonment before a game from the 1990–91 European Cup against Porto, Stelea was nicknamed Arnold by Corneliu Vadim Tudor who visited them because his haircut looked similar to the one of Arnold Schwarzenegger from the movie Red Heat. In 1991–92 he was used by coach Florin Halagian in 11 Liga I games as the capital side won the national championship and eliminated with a 2–1 victory on aggregate Luis Figo's Sporting Lisabona in the UEFA Cup, but was transferred late in 1991 to Mallorca for €300.000. After two seasons in Spain, with relegation in his first, he joined Belgium's Standard Liège where he was teammate with fellow Romanian, Mircea Rednic but because he did not play much and risked not being selected to be part of Romania's 1994 World Cup squad, he quickly returned home to play for a half of year at Rapid București. After he participated at the 1994 World Cup, Stelea went to play for one year in Turkey at Samsunspor along compatriots Marius Cheregi and Daniel Timofte, being brought there by coach Gheorghe Mulțescu as first choice goalkeeper. Afterwards, Stelea returned again to his country and joined Steaua București, where in his two-year spell at the club, under the guidance of coach Dumitru Dumitriu he helped it renew its domestic supremacy by contributing significantly to the winning of The Double in both seasons and he played 11 games in the Champions League group stage over the course of the two seasons, also he kept a clean sheet in the victory from the 1995 Supercupa României in front of Petrolul Ploiești and during this period he also had a successful trial with Sunderland, but could not negotiate a deal. In 1997, Stelea was transferred to UD Salamanca for €900.000, where he lived his most steady period, remaining with the team seven years, only punctuated by a small loan spell with Rapid in which he was used by coach Mircea Rednic in the 2–1 victory against Dinamo from the 2002 Cupa României Final, he appeared in 191 overall games for Los Charros during his tenure whilst competing mainly in the second division, but spent his first two seasons in the top flight, also he was colleague with fellow Romanians Cătălin Munteanu, Lucian Marinescu, Ovidiu Stîngă and Gabriel Popescu which gave the club the nickname "Salamanca Rumana". In 2004, Stelea returned at Dinamo, helping the club win the 2004–05 Cupa României, being used by coach Ioan Andone in the final where he kept a clean sheet in the victory in front of Farul Constanța. In 2005 he was brought in Greece at Akratitos together with Lucian Marinescu by his former national team colleague Ilie Dumitrescu who was coach. In 2006, Stelea went back to Romania, signing with Oțelul Galați where he spent half of season, but did not feature in any matches because of a serious injury. The following campaign he moved to Unirea Urziceni for two seasons, being coached by his former national team colleague Dan Petrescu, but only in the second season he became first choice. Bogdan Stelea finally ended his 23-year long career at age 41 by the end of the 2008–09 season, playing 23 matches under coach Răzvan Lucescu at FC Brașov.

Paragraph 15: In 1988, Gabaldon decided to write a novel for "practice, just to learn how", and with no intention to show it to anyone. As a research professor, she decided that a historical novel would be easiest to research and write, but she had no background in history and initially no particular time period in mind. Gabaldon happened to see a rerun episode of the Doctor Who science fiction TV series titled "The War Games".  One of the Doctor's companions was a Scot from around 1745, a young man about 17 years old named Jamie McCrimmon, who provided the initial inspiration for her main male character, James Fraser, and for her novel's mid-18th century Scotland setting. Gabaldon decided to have "an Englishwoman to play-off all these kilted Scotsmen", but her female character "took over the story and began telling it herself, making smart-ass modern remarks about everything."

Paragraph 16: Over the last 150, Arcade Creeks hydrology has changed drastically. Due to infrastructure building, peak flow has increased in volume while the construction of drainage systems and loss of land have decreased volume of depression storage. Both these two factors have caused an increase in peak flows as well as higher scour capacity. In the early years, the creek would run dry in some sections but starting about 45 years ago and due to urbanization, the stream flows perennially. During the summer months low flows run about 2 cubic feet per second (cfs), while the average base flows from between 15 and 20 cfs. During pea flows of intense storm systems, it can be as high or higher than 2,800 cfs. Arcade Creek is prone to flooding due to levees on both sides of the stream between Marysville blvd. and adjoining of Steelhead Creek in addition to constriction of channel flow due to road structures. Because of this during heavy storms and large amounts of precipitation, the golf course northeast and the residential area southeast are prone to flooding. Flooding stage gets reported via automatic sensors located at Scott Road and Deer Creek Crossing. CEQA-mandated a need to implement flood control in which the City of Citrus Heights approved a development plan that would provide three basins with a total of 20 acres that would receive and collect any storm water that spills over the creeks banks. Arcade Creeks groundwater is shallow, about 8 to 15 feet deep in depth, but due to being deeply incised from high flows this shallow groundwater lost. In addition, due to the fact that Arcade Creek has a large volume of urban runoff and drainage into the creek, it is filled with toxic pollutants, fertilizers, bacteria, metals, pesticides, soap, grease, fats, oil and other hydrocarbons. Arcade Creek also experiences high volume of litter and trash due to being surrounded by residential and commercial buildings. For the past 10 years, the USGS and Sacramento River Watershed Program have been monitoring Arcade Creeks water quality. It was found that the dissolved oxygen levels were among the lowest, while containing some of the highest contaminant concentration among the bodies of water tested. In 2001, SRWP determined that Arcade Creek ranked #7 in highest concentration of mercury, while having the highest levels of dissolved copper (4.0 ug/L), highest concentration of Zinc, fourth highest in copper, and third highest in arsenic contamination. In addition, Arcade Creek was found to have the highest number diazinon, chloropyrifos, prometon, and prowl which are strong pesticides. Because Arcade Creek flows into the Sacramento River, which leads to the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, and is used as drinking water for over 20 million people toxicity is a major concern.

Paragraph 17: He failed to get through to Q2 for the Race of Brazil but started ahead of his teammate. He finished in the points in his first race as a works driver. While letting his teammate pass during qualifying for the Race of Morocco, Hernández clashed with fellow BMW driver Andy Priaulx and finished the session nineteenth. Hernández retired from race two on the opening lap and his stranded car brought out the safety car. After qualifying for the Race of France, he was one of seven drivers who had their times from Q2 deleted for exceeding the engine rev limit on theirs cars. He finished fifth in race one but a collision with Porteiro on the first lap put Hernández out of the race and his BMW 320si caught fire, Porteiro was issued with a drive–through penalty for his involvement. He started on pole position for the reversed grid race at the Race of Spain but dropped down to sixth by the end of the race. Hernández took his first overall WTCC victory in race two of the Race of the Czech Republic, having started on the second row and passed pole sitter Yvan Muller on the third lap. Race one of the Race of Portugal saw Hernandez and the Lada of Jaap van Lagen, who started 17th and 18th respectively tangle after the rolling start, pitching Hernandez in the concrete barrier. He was subsequently taken to hospital for checks on his ankle and was unable to start race two. Contact from SEAT Sport driver Jordi Gené during race two of the Race of Italy spun Hernández and dropped him down the order and he eventually finished eleventh. He finished the season eleventh in the drivers' championship as the fourth best BMW factory driver and one place ahead of his teammate. In December 2009, BMW announced it was to reduce its involvement in the WTCC from five cars to two. ROAL Motorsport would no longer be involved with the German manufacturer, leaving Hernández to find a seat himself for 2010.

Paragraph 18: Roxy turns to drink and has sex with Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo), later admitting that she likes him. She asks Dean to keep their relationship secret, due to him being hated by the community for raping Linda Carter (Kellie Bright). Ronnie discovers their relationship and tries to stop them from seeing each other. However, they carry on seeing each other. Whilst Dean is hiding from Ronnie, he finds the hidden camera Ronnie is using to spy on Roxy and Charlie. When Ronnie threatens him, Dean tells Roxy about this, and, when Roxy confronts Ronnie, they argue, then Roxy moves in with Dean. When Ronnie and Charlie's marriage begins to fall apart after Ronnie has sex with Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood), Roxy tries to convince Ronnie to repair the marriage for Matthew's sake. However, when Amy is due to go to France to visit Jack, Charlie asks Roxy if they can join her. After Roxy drops Amy off at the airport the next day, she learns that Charlie wants to take Matthew with them. Although initially hesitant, she says she wants to come with him. However, when she learns that Ronnie has been prescribed anxiety medication, she tells Ronnie the plan and they conspire against Charlie together. Roxy is stunned when Dean, jealous of Charlie, burns her with a hair straightener. Dean becomes insecure that Roxy is spending time working with Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra), so employs her as manager of his salon. When she says he needs to take himself less seriously, Dean cuts a chunk out of her hair in anger, but immediately apologises and proceeds to give her a proper haircut. As a result of this, Ronnie worries about Dean trying to control Roxy. Roxy and Ronnie have a furious row over Charlie and Dean, which turns violent. Roxy then reports Ronnie's murder of Carl to the police. This results in Roxy fighting with Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean) as the Mitchells despair of Roxy not seeing Dean as a rapist. When Jack returns, he finds out from Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) that Dean raped Linda, so he packs Amy's belongings and removes her from Roxy's care, pointing out that Roxy's feisty personality has gone since she started dating Dean. As Roxy ends her engagement to Dean, who has assaulted her again, he attempts to rape her but Shirley interrupts. A tearful Roxy is found by Linda and her mother Elaine Peacock (Maria Friedman), who support her. Linda encourages her to tell the police, which Roxy does. Shirley then attempts to drown Dean who finally admits he raped Linda before running away from the police. Roxy is examined in the hospital with bruises and scars left by Dean on her body, and gives her statement. Roxy visits Glenda and decides to leave the country, but Glenda enlists Ronnie to try to stop her. They are unsuccessful after Roxy tells Ronnie she has controlled her all her life and she needs to be alone. Roxy leaves Amy with Jack, who also departs Walford shortly after, in January 2016. One month later, Roxy does not return for Dean's court case, where he pleads not guilty and is remanded in custody until a retrial in June, so Ronnie calls her to inform her of this.

Paragraph 19: Already in March 1795, the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce had therefore raised the idea of a special envoy to Paris, in order to reverse the embargo. Due to his high standing in Paris, Sieveking was the obvious choice, and he arrived in Paris as special envoy on the night of 31 March 1796 with his delegation, which included the President of the Hamburg Cathedral chapter Friedrich Johann Lorenz Meyer. There, a period of relative political stability had returned, after the crushing of the anti-revolutionary uprising of 13 Vendémaire (5 October 1795) by Napoleon and Paul de Barras. On 12 April 1796 Sieveking was granted an audience with the French Directory, where a solution to the conflict could not be reached, however. His plan to support France's finances by raising the exchange rate for the mostly devalued assignats was rejected by the French as insufficient, and by the Hamburg Senate as impossible. On 27 April, Sieveking received 300,000 Marks from the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce to be used at his own discretion, and he did not hesitate in using it to bribe Barras and other powerful figures of the Republic. In May 1796, after a meeting with the French finance minister Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret, a fortunate turn of events occurred. The Directory ratified a treaty on 14 June 1796 which provided for the payment of 13 million livres, which Sieveking guaranteed personally. That same evening, Barras met with Sieveking, and told him: "Votre affaire est finie" ("Your business here is finished"). The official signing took place ten days later, and a worried Sieveking wrote to Hamburg the same day: "ob ich das Opfer meines Patriotismus sein werde, das werden meine Mitbürger entscheiden" ("whether I shall be the victim of my own patriotism, that will be for my fellow citizens to decide"). But his fears proved unfounded. On his return in July 1796, Sieveking was received with honours. In his report before the assembled members of the chamber of commerce he said that this moment was one of the finest and most important of his life and claimed: "Ich schwöre es bei Ihrer Achtung, bei meiner Ehre, ich habe Hamburg gerettet" (I swear by your esteem, by my honour, I have saved Hamburg").

Paragraph 20: Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote "As he demonstrated in his James Bond films (Dr. No, From Russia With Love and Thunderball), Terence Young is a director of some comic style, but though Bloodline is often laughable, it has no sense of humor. It's the kind of fiction that is glumly disapproving of its own sordid details, such as one about a lady who has her knees nailed to the floor (offscreen) for not paying her gambling debts." Roger Ebert wrote: "After six months, a week, and two days of suspense, we can now relax: The worst movie of 1979 has opened ... See Sidney Sheldon's Bloodline, and weep for the cinema." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four and called it "trash," writing of Hepburn that "she has so much class that you sit there wondering what a woman like her is doing in a movie like this." Variety stated "'Bloodline' is bloodless. With a plot that becomes more ludicrous the more one thinks about it, this Geria production for Par release plays woodenly." Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times wrote "As an unabashed potboiler it's suitably lurid and preposterous, but unfortunately it merely simmers. The task of making clear the heavily populated, incredibly thick plot of Sheldon's best seller requires so much exposition—and so much zigzagging over Europe—that adaptor Laird Koenig and director Terence Young have scant opportunity to develop characters or work in much action. It's amusing but isn't nearly as much fun as pictures of this kind should be." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post called the film "surely one of the most perfunctory murder mysteries ever committed to foolscap. Not a bloody thing ever develops. After lining up the characters, Sheldon doggedly shifts scenes, suspects and red herrings until accumulating enough pages to call it a hefty read." Jack Kroll wrote in Newsweek that "if I were Sidney Sheldon, I'd demand to have my name removed from the title of this torpid turkey ... Junk movies should be fun - this one is just dumb."

Paragraph 21: In early May 2009, Lutsenko became entangled in a scandal concerning his behaviour during a visit to Germany. According to the German newspaper Bild, Oleksandr Lutsenko, his son, was detained at Frankfurt Airport by the German police in a state of acute alcohol intoxication. The Ukrainian Interior Ministry dismissed these allegations. According to the information of the Ministry, on 4 May 2009, the Interior Ministry's delegation was detained at the Frankfurt airport during document checks, and missed the flight. The flight crew refused to take them on board. The delegation decided to catch the next flight. "There were no handcuffs, no drunken conflict," the department said. On 12 May 2009, Yuriy Lutsenko sent in his resignation from the post of interior minister. In his letter of resignation, the minister described the incident that happened in Frankfurt, and stressed that the German police had officially apologized to the Ukrainian delegation for this incident; but that despite this, German mass media disseminated false publications, which were later re-published by Ukrainian media. He said none of these publications mentioned the apologies of the German police. Lutsenko was confident that a dirty campaign had been waged against him in Ukraine. The aim of the campaign, according to him, was to destabilize the work of the Interior Ministry. On 15 May 2009, the Verkhovna Rada passed a resolution, stipulating to address the government with a request to suspend Yuriy Lutsenko from the post of the Interior Minister of Ukraine until the "drunken incident" is investigated.

Paragraph 22: Bogdan Stelea was born in Bucharest on 5 December 1967 and he started to play football at the age of 12 when he was brought by boxing coach, Dumitru Ion at the youth center of Dinamo București where he worked with Iosif Varga, also during his youth years he was teammate with future national team competitor, Florin Prunea. He made his Liga I debut on 20 November 1986 under coach Mircea Lucescu in a 2–0 victory against Oțelul Galați but shortly afterwards he was sent on loan for the second half of the season at Politehnica Iași where he did not made any appearances. Stelea returned under Lucescu's command at Dinamo, being the first choice for the goalkeeper position since 1988, replacing Dumitru Moraru and his first performance with the team was reaching the quarter-finals of the 1988–89 European Cup Winners' Cup where they were eliminated on the away goals rule after 1–1 on aggregate by Sampdoria and in the following season he helped the club win The Double and appeared in 8 matches from the 1989–90 European Cup Winners' Cup campaign when the team reached the semi-finals where they were eliminated after 2–0 on aggregate by Anderlecht. While he was in a cantonment before a game from the 1990–91 European Cup against Porto, Stelea was nicknamed Arnold by Corneliu Vadim Tudor who visited them because his haircut looked similar to the one of Arnold Schwarzenegger from the movie Red Heat. In 1991–92 he was used by coach Florin Halagian in 11 Liga I games as the capital side won the national championship and eliminated with a 2–1 victory on aggregate Luis Figo's Sporting Lisabona in the UEFA Cup, but was transferred late in 1991 to Mallorca for €300.000. After two seasons in Spain, with relegation in his first, he joined Belgium's Standard Liège where he was teammate with fellow Romanian, Mircea Rednic but because he did not play much and risked not being selected to be part of Romania's 1994 World Cup squad, he quickly returned home to play for a half of year at Rapid București. After he participated at the 1994 World Cup, Stelea went to play for one year in Turkey at Samsunspor along compatriots Marius Cheregi and Daniel Timofte, being brought there by coach Gheorghe Mulțescu as first choice goalkeeper. Afterwards, Stelea returned again to his country and joined Steaua București, where in his two-year spell at the club, under the guidance of coach Dumitru Dumitriu he helped it renew its domestic supremacy by contributing significantly to the winning of The Double in both seasons and he played 11 games in the Champions League group stage over the course of the two seasons, also he kept a clean sheet in the victory from the 1995 Supercupa României in front of Petrolul Ploiești and during this period he also had a successful trial with Sunderland, but could not negotiate a deal. In 1997, Stelea was transferred to UD Salamanca for €900.000, where he lived his most steady period, remaining with the team seven years, only punctuated by a small loan spell with Rapid in which he was used by coach Mircea Rednic in the 2–1 victory against Dinamo from the 2002 Cupa României Final, he appeared in 191 overall games for Los Charros during his tenure whilst competing mainly in the second division, but spent his first two seasons in the top flight, also he was colleague with fellow Romanians Cătălin Munteanu, Lucian Marinescu, Ovidiu Stîngă and Gabriel Popescu which gave the club the nickname "Salamanca Rumana". In 2004, Stelea returned at Dinamo, helping the club win the 2004–05 Cupa României, being used by coach Ioan Andone in the final where he kept a clean sheet in the victory in front of Farul Constanța. In 2005 he was brought in Greece at Akratitos together with Lucian Marinescu by his former national team colleague Ilie Dumitrescu who was coach. In 2006, Stelea went back to Romania, signing with Oțelul Galați where he spent half of season, but did not feature in any matches because of a serious injury. The following campaign he moved to Unirea Urziceni for two seasons, being coached by his former national team colleague Dan Petrescu, but only in the second season he became first choice. Bogdan Stelea finally ended his 23-year long career at age 41 by the end of the 2008–09 season, playing 23 matches under coach Răzvan Lucescu at FC Brașov.

Paragraph 23: The robbery proceeds as planned, but they find a SWAT team waiting for them outside the bank. They are engaged in a gunfight, and Mak is hit by a bullet while saving Major. They all escape and meet at their hideout. Mak, who was hit, is not allowed to be taken to the hospital, and Major treats his wound with some Black Label Whiskey. They all have verbal scuffles after which, Ajju, reveals that he has kidnapped the Police Chief. They interrogate him and learn that one of them is an undercover cop. This strikes suspicion among them, and they decide to bring the stolen amount to their hideout. Major learns that his wife has died. Ajju befriends Marc and tells him to elope with his girlfriend, where he also reveals that he actually knows English and was purposefully talking nonsense to the cops. When they return, they find Bali dead, killed by Mak for being inhuman in his interrogation of the Police Chief. Ajju reasons that Mak is the undercover cop, but Major disagrees because he believes Mak saved him during the gunfight at the bank. Marc backs up Ajju and points his gun at Major. They all arrive at a Mexican stand-off, as Andy retreats and runs away with the money. The four of them shoot each other, after which Major apologizes to Mak for not saving him. In reply, Mak apologizes, saying he was just doing his duty as he is the undercover cop, and that he was the one who buzzed the cops at the bank to arrive. Major realises his mistake and shoots the already dying Mak in the head. Marc's girlfriend is shown waiting for him at the airport, and Andy is shown at the end driving off the highway pursued by a police helicopter, with Mak's voice narrating the story, leaving the end to the discretion of the audience, followed by ending credits.

Paragraph 24: On January 5, 1998, WCGV/Sinclair decided to drop the UPN affiliation over ratings and monetary issues, as did several other Sinclair stations in other markets after the company signed a lucrative affiliation deal with The WB (which included WVTV; the station affiliated with The WB on May 19,1997 prior to WCGV dropping UPN) to shift several stations from UPN. For eight months, the station reverted to being an independent station, though the only effect on the station's schedule was the replacement of UPN programming with syndicated film packages during prime time and Saturday afternoons, and paid programming in place of UPN Kids on Sunday mornings. A few local cable providers brought in the network's New York City area affiliate WWOR-TV to keep UPN programming available in the Milwaukee area, but for the most part the network was only seen on cable systems on the fringe of the market via WACY-TV in Appleton and WPWR-TV from Chicago; viewers could also choose to pull those stations over-the-air via antenna, along with the network's off-hours affiliation on WOOD-TV/WOTV across the lake in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Otherwise, most providers had dropped WWOR's "superstation" cable feed years before due to uninteresting programming replacing the main signal after SyndEx laws came into place, and the cable feed had been discontinued by satellite distribution rights holder Advance Entertainment Corporation a year earlier to increase distribution for Animal Planet.

Paragraph 25: Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote "As he demonstrated in his James Bond films (Dr. No, From Russia With Love and Thunderball), Terence Young is a director of some comic style, but though Bloodline is often laughable, it has no sense of humor. It's the kind of fiction that is glumly disapproving of its own sordid details, such as one about a lady who has her knees nailed to the floor (offscreen) for not paying her gambling debts." Roger Ebert wrote: "After six months, a week, and two days of suspense, we can now relax: The worst movie of 1979 has opened ... See Sidney Sheldon's Bloodline, and weep for the cinema." Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four and called it "trash," writing of Hepburn that "she has so much class that you sit there wondering what a woman like her is doing in a movie like this." Variety stated "'Bloodline' is bloodless. With a plot that becomes more ludicrous the more one thinks about it, this Geria production for Par release plays woodenly." Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times wrote "As an unabashed potboiler it's suitably lurid and preposterous, but unfortunately it merely simmers. The task of making clear the heavily populated, incredibly thick plot of Sheldon's best seller requires so much exposition—and so much zigzagging over Europe—that adaptor Laird Koenig and director Terence Young have scant opportunity to develop characters or work in much action. It's amusing but isn't nearly as much fun as pictures of this kind should be." Gary Arnold of The Washington Post called the film "surely one of the most perfunctory murder mysteries ever committed to foolscap. Not a bloody thing ever develops. After lining up the characters, Sheldon doggedly shifts scenes, suspects and red herrings until accumulating enough pages to call it a hefty read." Jack Kroll wrote in Newsweek that "if I were Sidney Sheldon, I'd demand to have my name removed from the title of this torpid turkey ... Junk movies should be fun - this one is just dumb."

Paragraph 26: The Kenyan Baháʼí community came under the newly formed regional National Spiritual Assembly of Central & Eastern Africa in 1956, of which Nakhjavani was the chairman, and 9 more assemblies were elected in Kenya in 1957 along with three weekend schools. In Dec. 1958 – January 1959 the first seven-day school in Kenya was held near Kimilili in western Kenya covering topics on Baháʼí administration, Baháʼí history and Baháʼí teachings. Correspondence courses followed by June. By December there was progress in getting permanent centers established from among the assemblies. Extraordinary number of enrollments in Uganda and Kenya had reached the point that the institution of the Hands of the Cause were noting there were not enough Baha'is to keep up with the work of checking the enrollments. In the case of Kenya, almost nearly twelve hundred people joined the religion in less than a year. Four regional conferences on the progress of the religion and weekend schools were held by early 1960. Hand of the Cause Musa Banani was the first Hand to visit Kenya in early 1960. Nine Kenyans were among the attendees at advanced training in 1960 though classes now used chapters from Baháʼu'lláh and the New Era by John Esslemont while in November 1960 Hands of the Cause John Robarts and Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir toured Kenya leading up to the dedication of the mother Baháʼí House of Worship of Africa in Uganda in January 1961. Kenyans were among the over 1500 people who attended. Following the dedication, Hand of the Cause Ruhiyyih Khanum and chairman of the regional National Assembly Ali Nakhjavani embarked on 15 days of visiting Baháʼís through Uganda and Kenya including seeing three regional conferences on the progress of the religion, staying in homes of fellow believers, and other events. Khanum talked to audiences about the future of African Baháʼís and their role in the religion. The convention for the 1961 election of the regional national assembly of central and east Africa included 35 delegates from Kenya. In September 1961 a permanent Baháʼí school was set up in Kenya where courses emphasized homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion and men supported women taking the courses. News of the openings was covered in Jet Magazine. By the end of 1961 conversions among pygmies brought the membership of the community to about 4000 and a total of 134 assemblies. Samandari was elected to the regional National Spiritual Assembly of North East Africa (1961–70) before moving to Cameroon where she later died. In 1962 the Kenyan government took steps to officially recognize Baháʼí holy days for employees. In May Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga visited for one week in Kenya as part of an extended tour of many African countries. He spoke in Tiriki, Nandi, Nyangore, Kisii, Nairobi, Mombasa and Wundanyi. He then returned in August for another week's stay this time in Kabras. In October in addition to the permanent school weekend courses were offered emphasizing homecraft and child rearing mixed with presentations on the religion in Malakisi and Kimilili, while a permanent center was opened in South Kabras.

Paragraph 27: On January 5, 1998, WCGV/Sinclair decided to drop the UPN affiliation over ratings and monetary issues, as did several other Sinclair stations in other markets after the company signed a lucrative affiliation deal with The WB (which included WVTV; the station affiliated with The WB on May 19,1997 prior to WCGV dropping UPN) to shift several stations from UPN. For eight months, the station reverted to being an independent station, though the only effect on the station's schedule was the replacement of UPN programming with syndicated film packages during prime time and Saturday afternoons, and paid programming in place of UPN Kids on Sunday mornings. A few local cable providers brought in the network's New York City area affiliate WWOR-TV to keep UPN programming available in the Milwaukee area, but for the most part the network was only seen on cable systems on the fringe of the market via WACY-TV in Appleton and WPWR-TV from Chicago; viewers could also choose to pull those stations over-the-air via antenna, along with the network's off-hours affiliation on WOOD-TV/WOTV across the lake in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Otherwise, most providers had dropped WWOR's "superstation" cable feed years before due to uninteresting programming replacing the main signal after SyndEx laws came into place, and the cable feed had been discontinued by satellite distribution rights holder Advance Entertainment Corporation a year earlier to increase distribution for Animal Planet.