Paragraph 1: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 2: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 3: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 4: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 5: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 6: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 7: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 8: Meanwhile, Dr. Whittaker decides to study an abandoned treecat settlement without notifying the SFS and takes Anders and the rest of the team with him. Unfortunately, he lands them in a nearby bog and the air van begins to sink. His assistant, Dr. Langston Nez, manages to salvage much of their equipment from the air van but is seriously injured trying to get out. They soon discover that their communicators don't work for some reason and they realize that they are stranded without anyone knowing where to find them. The survey team's absence is eventually noticed by the spouses of two of its members and Stephanie, fearing for Anders, volunteers to search for them. The search is called off however when two large-scale fires break out and Stephanie and Karl are called in to help. Though ordered only to observe and report upon the progress of one of the fires, Lionheart soon detects the presence of a whole treecat clan trying to escape the fire and frantically gestures for them to go help. It soon becomes obvious that this treecat clan is far more leery of the humans than other treecats and Stephanie is forced to call in "reinforcements" – her friends from the hang-glider club – while Lionheart tries to reason with the clan. They manage to contain the fire long enough to evacuate the clan in one of her friend's vans, though not before Jessica and another treecat are almost killed by an exploding tree. As a consequence of this, Jessica finds herself bonded to the treecat she saved. It is then that the clan suddenly hears from Left-Stripe and Right-Stripe that there are humans in their previous nesting place and that they are in danger. Following Lionheart and the clan's gestures, Stephanie and her friends find the survey team just as a local swamp predator is closing in. Before Stephanie can shoot the creature with her pistol, the treecat clan runs to the surrounding trees and begins emitting a caterwauling that drives the creature off. With the survey team and the treecat clan rescued, Stephanie avoids any official sanctions for defying orders. Thankfully, Dr. Nez manages to live through the ordeal, which means the survey team can stay, despite Dr. Whittaker's actions. While Stephanie is overjoyed that Anders won't be leaving, Lionheart reflects upon how recent events have affected his people's attitudes towards the humans and how much larger his world has become with the humans in it.

Paragraph 9: The first ships to leave port were Adelaide and Darwin on 13 August. The two ships embarked their complement of Fleet Air Arm (RAN) Seahawk and Squirrel helicopters on 14 August. Task Group 627.4 was formed when the Success rendezvoused with Darwin and Adelaide on 15 August, with the commander of the task group being embarked on Success. Upon formation of the group, and during the transit towards HMAS Stirling, a rigorous training exercise was performed. The exercise focused on anti-aircraft warfare, damage control, and Nuclear, Biological, Chemical defence. On one occasion,  Darwin and Adelaide boarded Success, which had assumed the role of a non-cooperative merchant ship.  RAAF aircraft and Learjet aircraft operated by Fleet Support Services assisted the task group in their exercises. The exercises were paused when the task group arrived at Stirling for an overnight visit on 21 August, and were resumed once the group departed Stirling to transit the Indian Ocean the next day. After a brief stop in Diego Garcia, the task group entered the Middle East Region on 3 September. While Operation Damask officially started on 6 September, Success commenced her replenishment operations on 7 September. Over the course of Operation Damask, the task group interrogated up to 30 merchant vessels a day, as well as aircraft, questioning their origin, identity destination and cargo, as well as conducting naval boarding operations. Most notably, between 26 and 28 October Darwin combined with US Ships USS Ogden and USS Reasoner, and HMS Brazen to intercept the 150,000 tonne oil tanker Amuriyah, whose shipmaster was uncooperative. This was despite numerous warning shots and even a flypast of aircraft from the aircraft carrier USS Independence, which failed to deter the tanker. The tanker adopted a zig-zag course in an apparent attempt to ram Darwin. It was only when a US Marine detachment from Ogden fast-roped from helicopters on to the ship that she was brought to a stop enabling boarding parties from Darwin and Reasoner to conduct a search.

Paragraph 10: Left New Hampshire for Washington, D.C., October 29, 1861. Camp at Bladensburg, Md., defenses of Washington, D.C., until November 27, 1861. Expedition to lower Maryland November 3–11. At Camp California, near Alexandria, Va., until March 10, 1862. Scout to Burke's Station January 17, 1862 (Company A). Advance on Manassas, Va., March 10–15. Reconnaissance to Gainesville March 20, and to Rappahannock Station March 28–29. Warrenton Junction March 28. Moved to the Virginia Peninsula April 4. Siege of Yorktown, Va., April 5-May 4. Temporarily attached to Woodbury's Engineer Brigade. Construct Grapevine Bridge over Chickahominy May 28–30. Battle of Fair Oaks or Seven Pines May 31-June 1. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Orchard Station June 28. Peach Orchard, Allen's Farm and Savage's Station June 29. White Oak Swamp and Glendale June 30. Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Movement to Fortress Monroe, then to Alexandria and to Centreville, Va., August 16–30. Cover Pope's retreat from Bull Run. Maryland Campaign September–October. Battle of South Mountain, Md., September 14 (reserve). Antietam Creek, near Keedysville, September 15. Battle of Antietam, September 16–17. Duty at Harpers Ferry, W. Va., September 21 to October 29. Reconnaissance to Charlestown October 16–17. Advance up Loudoun Valley and movement to Falmouth, Va., October 29-November 17. Battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 12–15. Burnside's Second Campaign, "Mud March," January 20–24, 1863. Duty at Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Reconnaissance to Rappahannock June 9. Gettysburg Campaign June 13-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg, July 1–3. Moved to Concord, N.H., July 26-August 3. Duty at Draft Rendezvous, Concord, N.H., until November. Moved to Point Lookout, Md., November 8–13, and duty there guarding prisoners until May 27, 1864. Moved to Cold Harbor, Va., May 27-June 1, and joined the Army of the Potomac. Battles about Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg, Va., June 16–19. Siege of Petersburg June 16, 1864, to April 2, 1865. Jerusalem Plank Road June 22–23, 1865. Deep Bottom, north of James River, July 27–28. Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30 (reserve). Demonstration north of James River August 13–20. Strawberry Plains August 14–18. Ream's Station August 25. Non-veterans mustered out October 12, 1864. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 9–10. Dabney's Mills, Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Watkins' House March 25. Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9. On line of Hatcher's and Gravelly Runs March 29–30. Hatcher's Run or Boydton Road March 31. White Oak Road March 31. Sutherland Station April 2. Fall of Petersburg April 2. Sailor's Creek April 6. High Bridge and Farmville April 7. Appomattox Court House April 9. Surrender of Lee and his army. Moved to Washington, D.C., May 2–12. Grand Review of the Armies May 23.

Paragraph 11: As in a synchronous motor, the stator of the machine is connected to a three-phase supply of voltage  (assumed to be constant), and this creates a rotating magnetic field within the machine.  Likewise, the rotor is excited with a DC current  to act as an electromagnet.  In normal operation the rotor magnet follows the stator field at synchronous speed.  The rotating electromagnet induces a three-phase voltage  in the stator windings as if the machine were a synchronous generator. If the machine is considered to be ideal, with no mechanical, magnetic, or electrical losses, its equivalent circuit will be an AC generator in series with the winding inductance  of the stator.  The magnitude of  depends on the excitation current  and the speed of rotation, and as the latter is fixed,  depends only on . If  is critically adjusted to a value ,  will be equal and opposite to , and the current in the stator  will be zero.  This corresponds to the minimum in the curve shown above.  If, however,  is increased above ,  will exceed , and the difference is accounted for by a voltage  appearing across the stator inductance :   where  is the stator reactance.  Now the stator current  is no longer zero.  Since the machine is ideal, ,  and  will all be in phase, and  will be entirely reactive (i.e. in phase quadrature).  Viewed from the supply side of the machine's terminals, a negative reactive current will flow out of the terminals, and the machine will therefore appear as a capacitor, the magnitude of whose reactance will fall as  increases above .  If  is adjusted to be less than ,  will exceed , and a positive reactive current will flow into the machine.  The machine will then appear as an inductor whose reactance falls as  is reduced further.  These conditions correspond to the two rising arms of the V-curves (above).  In a practical machine with losses, the equivalent circuit will contain a resistor in parallel with the terminals to represent mechanical and magnetic losses, and another resistor in series with the generator and L, representing copper losses in the stator.  Thus in a practical machine  will contain a small in-phase component, and will not fall to zero.

Paragraph 12: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 13: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 14: Left New Hampshire for Washington, D.C., October 29, 1861. Camp at Bladensburg, Md., defenses of Washington, D.C., until November 27, 1861. Expedition to lower Maryland November 3–11. At Camp California, near Alexandria, Va., until March 10, 1862. Scout to Burke's Station January 17, 1862 (Company A). Advance on Manassas, Va., March 10–15. Reconnaissance to Gainesville March 20, and to Rappahannock Station March 28–29. Warrenton Junction March 28. Moved to the Virginia Peninsula April 4. Siege of Yorktown, Va., April 5-May 4. Temporarily attached to Woodbury's Engineer Brigade. Construct Grapevine Bridge over Chickahominy May 28–30. Battle of Fair Oaks or Seven Pines May 31-June 1. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Orchard Station June 28. Peach Orchard, Allen's Farm and Savage's Station June 29. White Oak Swamp and Glendale June 30. Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Movement to Fortress Monroe, then to Alexandria and to Centreville, Va., August 16–30. Cover Pope's retreat from Bull Run. Maryland Campaign September–October. Battle of South Mountain, Md., September 14 (reserve). Antietam Creek, near Keedysville, September 15. Battle of Antietam, September 16–17. Duty at Harpers Ferry, W. Va., September 21 to October 29. Reconnaissance to Charlestown October 16–17. Advance up Loudoun Valley and movement to Falmouth, Va., October 29-November 17. Battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 12–15. Burnside's Second Campaign, "Mud March," January 20–24, 1863. Duty at Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Reconnaissance to Rappahannock June 9. Gettysburg Campaign June 13-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg, July 1–3. Moved to Concord, N.H., July 26-August 3. Duty at Draft Rendezvous, Concord, N.H., until November. Moved to Point Lookout, Md., November 8–13, and duty there guarding prisoners until May 27, 1864. Moved to Cold Harbor, Va., May 27-June 1, and joined the Army of the Potomac. Battles about Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg, Va., June 16–19. Siege of Petersburg June 16, 1864, to April 2, 1865. Jerusalem Plank Road June 22–23, 1865. Deep Bottom, north of James River, July 27–28. Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30 (reserve). Demonstration north of James River August 13–20. Strawberry Plains August 14–18. Ream's Station August 25. Non-veterans mustered out October 12, 1864. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 9–10. Dabney's Mills, Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Watkins' House March 25. Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9. On line of Hatcher's and Gravelly Runs March 29–30. Hatcher's Run or Boydton Road March 31. White Oak Road March 31. Sutherland Station April 2. Fall of Petersburg April 2. Sailor's Creek April 6. High Bridge and Farmville April 7. Appomattox Court House April 9. Surrender of Lee and his army. Moved to Washington, D.C., May 2–12. Grand Review of the Armies May 23.

Paragraph 15: SR 130 begins Marshall County in Petersburg at an intersection with US 431/SR 50/SR 129. SR 130 goes east into downtown, concurrent with SR 129, along Railroad Street to an intersection with N High Street along the Lincoln County line, where SR 130 splits off from heads north, in Marshall County. It leaves Petersburg and continues north through farmland and rural areas to cross into Bedford County. The highway then curves to the northeast and becomes concurrent with SR 64 just prior to entering Shelbyville. SR 64/SR 130 run parallel to the Duck River as they pass through neighborhoods before coming to an intersection with US 231/SR 10 (S Cannon Boulevard), whey they become concurrent with them as the highway heads north past businesses before crossing the Duck River into downtown. They almost immediately come to an intersection with Lane Parkway (SR 387), were SR 64/SR 130 split from US 231/SR 10 and follows Lane Parkway east. SR 64/SR 130 then comes to an intersection with SR 82 (N Main Street) just north of the Bedford County Courthouse, which they become concurrent with, and head east along E Lane Street before turning south along N Jefferson Street. They then come to an intersection with Depot Street, where SR 64/SR 130 split from SR 82 and head east. SR 130 then finally splits off from SR 64 and heads southeast along Belmont Avenue through neighborhoods before the Duck River for the final time to leave Shelbyville and pass through Farmland. It has an intersection with SR 276 in the Raus community before passing through the northern part of Moore County, which is primarily all wooded areas, before crossing into Coffee County and entering Tullahoma. It enters the city along Old Shelbyville Highway and passes just south Tullahoma Regional Airport before turning east along SR 55 (Wilson Avenue). They pass through neighborhoods before entering downtown and becoming concurrent US 41A/SR 16 (N Jackson Street). They head south through downtown before coming to an intersection with W Carroll Street, where SR 130 splits off and goes west along W Carroll Street and Clement Drive before turning south along Westside Drive to cross into Franklin County. SR 130 heads south through neighborhoods before leaving Tullahoma and turning southeast through farmland. It intersects SR 476 before running along the banks of Tims Ford Lake for several miles. It passes through the community of Winchester Springs before crossing a bridge over the lake (which is the Elk River) to enter Winchester. It passes southeast through neighborhoods as Old Tullahoma Road and Phillip Fulmer Parkway to cross another bridge over the lake and become N High Street. SR 130 continues through more neighborhoods before entering downtown. It formerly came to an end at an intersection with SR 50 (2nd Avenue NW). However, SR 50 was shifted to a different alignment on the west side of Winchester, and SR 130 was extended southward by one block to the currency of U.S. 64 Business/SR 15/SR 16/SR 50.

Paragraph 16: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 17: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 18: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 19: As in a synchronous motor, the stator of the machine is connected to a three-phase supply of voltage  (assumed to be constant), and this creates a rotating magnetic field within the machine.  Likewise, the rotor is excited with a DC current  to act as an electromagnet.  In normal operation the rotor magnet follows the stator field at synchronous speed.  The rotating electromagnet induces a three-phase voltage  in the stator windings as if the machine were a synchronous generator. If the machine is considered to be ideal, with no mechanical, magnetic, or electrical losses, its equivalent circuit will be an AC generator in series with the winding inductance  of the stator.  The magnitude of  depends on the excitation current  and the speed of rotation, and as the latter is fixed,  depends only on . If  is critically adjusted to a value ,  will be equal and opposite to , and the current in the stator  will be zero.  This corresponds to the minimum in the curve shown above.  If, however,  is increased above ,  will exceed , and the difference is accounted for by a voltage  appearing across the stator inductance :   where  is the stator reactance.  Now the stator current  is no longer zero.  Since the machine is ideal, ,  and  will all be in phase, and  will be entirely reactive (i.e. in phase quadrature).  Viewed from the supply side of the machine's terminals, a negative reactive current will flow out of the terminals, and the machine will therefore appear as a capacitor, the magnitude of whose reactance will fall as  increases above .  If  is adjusted to be less than ,  will exceed , and a positive reactive current will flow into the machine.  The machine will then appear as an inductor whose reactance falls as  is reduced further.  These conditions correspond to the two rising arms of the V-curves (above).  In a practical machine with losses, the equivalent circuit will contain a resistor in parallel with the terminals to represent mechanical and magnetic losses, and another resistor in series with the generator and L, representing copper losses in the stator.  Thus in a practical machine  will contain a small in-phase component, and will not fall to zero.

Paragraph 20: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 21: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 22: Left New Hampshire for Washington, D.C., October 29, 1861. Camp at Bladensburg, Md., defenses of Washington, D.C., until November 27, 1861. Expedition to lower Maryland November 3–11. At Camp California, near Alexandria, Va., until March 10, 1862. Scout to Burke's Station January 17, 1862 (Company A). Advance on Manassas, Va., March 10–15. Reconnaissance to Gainesville March 20, and to Rappahannock Station March 28–29. Warrenton Junction March 28. Moved to the Virginia Peninsula April 4. Siege of Yorktown, Va., April 5-May 4. Temporarily attached to Woodbury's Engineer Brigade. Construct Grapevine Bridge over Chickahominy May 28–30. Battle of Fair Oaks or Seven Pines May 31-June 1. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Orchard Station June 28. Peach Orchard, Allen's Farm and Savage's Station June 29. White Oak Swamp and Glendale June 30. Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Movement to Fortress Monroe, then to Alexandria and to Centreville, Va., August 16–30. Cover Pope's retreat from Bull Run. Maryland Campaign September–October. Battle of South Mountain, Md., September 14 (reserve). Antietam Creek, near Keedysville, September 15. Battle of Antietam, September 16–17. Duty at Harpers Ferry, W. Va., September 21 to October 29. Reconnaissance to Charlestown October 16–17. Advance up Loudoun Valley and movement to Falmouth, Va., October 29-November 17. Battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 12–15. Burnside's Second Campaign, "Mud March," January 20–24, 1863. Duty at Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Chancellorsville May 1–5. Reconnaissance to Rappahannock June 9. Gettysburg Campaign June 13-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg, July 1–3. Moved to Concord, N.H., July 26-August 3. Duty at Draft Rendezvous, Concord, N.H., until November. Moved to Point Lookout, Md., November 8–13, and duty there guarding prisoners until May 27, 1864. Moved to Cold Harbor, Va., May 27-June 1, and joined the Army of the Potomac. Battles about Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg, Va., June 16–19. Siege of Petersburg June 16, 1864, to April 2, 1865. Jerusalem Plank Road June 22–23, 1865. Deep Bottom, north of James River, July 27–28. Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30 (reserve). Demonstration north of James River August 13–20. Strawberry Plains August 14–18. Ream's Station August 25. Non-veterans mustered out October 12, 1864. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 9–10. Dabney's Mills, Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Watkins' House March 25. Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9. On line of Hatcher's and Gravelly Runs March 29–30. Hatcher's Run or Boydton Road March 31. White Oak Road March 31. Sutherland Station April 2. Fall of Petersburg April 2. Sailor's Creek April 6. High Bridge and Farmville April 7. Appomattox Court House April 9. Surrender of Lee and his army. Moved to Washington, D.C., May 2–12. Grand Review of the Armies May 23.

Paragraph 23: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 24: Meanwhile, Dr. Whittaker decides to study an abandoned treecat settlement without notifying the SFS and takes Anders and the rest of the team with him. Unfortunately, he lands them in a nearby bog and the air van begins to sink. His assistant, Dr. Langston Nez, manages to salvage much of their equipment from the air van but is seriously injured trying to get out. They soon discover that their communicators don't work for some reason and they realize that they are stranded without anyone knowing where to find them. The survey team's absence is eventually noticed by the spouses of two of its members and Stephanie, fearing for Anders, volunteers to search for them. The search is called off however when two large-scale fires break out and Stephanie and Karl are called in to help. Though ordered only to observe and report upon the progress of one of the fires, Lionheart soon detects the presence of a whole treecat clan trying to escape the fire and frantically gestures for them to go help. It soon becomes obvious that this treecat clan is far more leery of the humans than other treecats and Stephanie is forced to call in "reinforcements" – her friends from the hang-glider club – while Lionheart tries to reason with the clan. They manage to contain the fire long enough to evacuate the clan in one of her friend's vans, though not before Jessica and another treecat are almost killed by an exploding tree. As a consequence of this, Jessica finds herself bonded to the treecat she saved. It is then that the clan suddenly hears from Left-Stripe and Right-Stripe that there are humans in their previous nesting place and that they are in danger. Following Lionheart and the clan's gestures, Stephanie and her friends find the survey team just as a local swamp predator is closing in. Before Stephanie can shoot the creature with her pistol, the treecat clan runs to the surrounding trees and begins emitting a caterwauling that drives the creature off. With the survey team and the treecat clan rescued, Stephanie avoids any official sanctions for defying orders. Thankfully, Dr. Nez manages to live through the ordeal, which means the survey team can stay, despite Dr. Whittaker's actions. While Stephanie is overjoyed that Anders won't be leaving, Lionheart reflects upon how recent events have affected his people's attitudes towards the humans and how much larger his world has become with the humans in it.

Paragraph 25: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 26: In 1894 he was sent to Shanghai which was where the recently established Deutsch-Asiatische Bank (DAB / 德華銀) had its main office.   The bank had been set up and funded in 1889 by a consortium of thirteen major and private German banks, of which the Disconto-Gesellschaft was one.   It became one of the leading foreign banks in China.   Appointed "Prokurist", Urbig enjoyed authority to make commitments on behalf of the bank.   In 1895 he took on the leadership of the DAB's subsidiary in Tientsin.   He also set up its subsidiary in Kolkata, which opened the same year.   The move was not without its political sensitivities since Kolkata was still the focus of Britain's fantastically lucrative opium trade and an important commercial centre in British India.   Although investee companies welcomed the newly increased availability of investment capital from Germany, the political authorities were more conflicted over some of the issues arising.   Urbig travelled extensively during his time in Southeast Asia .  He was in Kolkata in 1897 where he oversaw the rebuilding of the bank branch following that year's earthquake.   Back in Shanghai, in 1896 Urbig had been appointed to membership of the bank's board of directors.   In 1896 and again in 1898 it was Urbig who led the negotiations in respect of two very large DAB bank loans to the Chinese government.   Although China had never been incorporated into the British empire, there was by this time intensifying jostling between the British, French and German governments for the inclusion of China in their respective spheres of imperial influence:  providing German capital to a government that till now had accepted western capital investment almost exclusively from the British raised political sensitivities which made Urbig's negotiations particularly difficult.   Recalled to Shanghai, following a brief visit home to Germany, in 1898 he was mandated to work on setting up the bank's Hong Kong operation.   In 1900 he was moved to London where he was briefly involved in setting up the local branch of Disconto-Gesellschaft, of which he became deputy chairman.   On 23 November 1902, having returned to Berlin, he became a "Geschräftsinhaber", meaning that he was admitted to co-ownership and board membership of the Disconto-Gesellschaft.  Aged 38 he was, by traditional standards, young for such a promotion.

Paragraph 27: As in a synchronous motor, the stator of the machine is connected to a three-phase supply of voltage  (assumed to be constant), and this creates a rotating magnetic field within the machine.  Likewise, the rotor is excited with a DC current  to act as an electromagnet.  In normal operation the rotor magnet follows the stator field at synchronous speed.  The rotating electromagnet induces a three-phase voltage  in the stator windings as if the machine were a synchronous generator. If the machine is considered to be ideal, with no mechanical, magnetic, or electrical losses, its equivalent circuit will be an AC generator in series with the winding inductance  of the stator.  The magnitude of  depends on the excitation current  and the speed of rotation, and as the latter is fixed,  depends only on . If  is critically adjusted to a value ,  will be equal and opposite to , and the current in the stator  will be zero.  This corresponds to the minimum in the curve shown above.  If, however,  is increased above ,  will exceed , and the difference is accounted for by a voltage  appearing across the stator inductance :   where  is the stator reactance.  Now the stator current  is no longer zero.  Since the machine is ideal, ,  and  will all be in phase, and  will be entirely reactive (i.e. in phase quadrature).  Viewed from the supply side of the machine's terminals, a negative reactive current will flow out of the terminals, and the machine will therefore appear as a capacitor, the magnitude of whose reactance will fall as  increases above .  If  is adjusted to be less than ,  will exceed , and a positive reactive current will flow into the machine.  The machine will then appear as an inductor whose reactance falls as  is reduced further.  These conditions correspond to the two rising arms of the V-curves (above).  In a practical machine with losses, the equivalent circuit will contain a resistor in parallel with the terminals to represent mechanical and magnetic losses, and another resistor in series with the generator and L, representing copper losses in the stator.  Thus in a practical machine  will contain a small in-phase component, and will not fall to zero.

Paragraph 28: The first ships to leave port were Adelaide and Darwin on 13 August. The two ships embarked their complement of Fleet Air Arm (RAN) Seahawk and Squirrel helicopters on 14 August. Task Group 627.4 was formed when the Success rendezvoused with Darwin and Adelaide on 15 August, with the commander of the task group being embarked on Success. Upon formation of the group, and during the transit towards HMAS Stirling, a rigorous training exercise was performed. The exercise focused on anti-aircraft warfare, damage control, and Nuclear, Biological, Chemical defence. On one occasion,  Darwin and Adelaide boarded Success, which had assumed the role of a non-cooperative merchant ship.  RAAF aircraft and Learjet aircraft operated by Fleet Support Services assisted the task group in their exercises. The exercises were paused when the task group arrived at Stirling for an overnight visit on 21 August, and were resumed once the group departed Stirling to transit the Indian Ocean the next day. After a brief stop in Diego Garcia, the task group entered the Middle East Region on 3 September. While Operation Damask officially started on 6 September, Success commenced her replenishment operations on 7 September. Over the course of Operation Damask, the task group interrogated up to 30 merchant vessels a day, as well as aircraft, questioning their origin, identity destination and cargo, as well as conducting naval boarding operations. Most notably, between 26 and 28 October Darwin combined with US Ships USS Ogden and USS Reasoner, and HMS Brazen to intercept the 150,000 tonne oil tanker Amuriyah, whose shipmaster was uncooperative. This was despite numerous warning shots and even a flypast of aircraft from the aircraft carrier USS Independence, which failed to deter the tanker. The tanker adopted a zig-zag course in an apparent attempt to ram Darwin. It was only when a US Marine detachment from Ogden fast-roped from helicopters on to the ship that she was brought to a stop enabling boarding parties from Darwin and Reasoner to conduct a search.

Paragraph 29: The first ships to leave port were Adelaide and Darwin on 13 August. The two ships embarked their complement of Fleet Air Arm (RAN) Seahawk and Squirrel helicopters on 14 August. Task Group 627.4 was formed when the Success rendezvoused with Darwin and Adelaide on 15 August, with the commander of the task group being embarked on Success. Upon formation of the group, and during the transit towards HMAS Stirling, a rigorous training exercise was performed. The exercise focused on anti-aircraft warfare, damage control, and Nuclear, Biological, Chemical defence. On one occasion,  Darwin and Adelaide boarded Success, which had assumed the role of a non-cooperative merchant ship.  RAAF aircraft and Learjet aircraft operated by Fleet Support Services assisted the task group in their exercises. The exercises were paused when the task group arrived at Stirling for an overnight visit on 21 August, and were resumed once the group departed Stirling to transit the Indian Ocean the next day. After a brief stop in Diego Garcia, the task group entered the Middle East Region on 3 September. While Operation Damask officially started on 6 September, Success commenced her replenishment operations on 7 September. Over the course of Operation Damask, the task group interrogated up to 30 merchant vessels a day, as well as aircraft, questioning their origin, identity destination and cargo, as well as conducting naval boarding operations. Most notably, between 26 and 28 October Darwin combined with US Ships USS Ogden and USS Reasoner, and HMS Brazen to intercept the 150,000 tonne oil tanker Amuriyah, whose shipmaster was uncooperative. This was despite numerous warning shots and even a flypast of aircraft from the aircraft carrier USS Independence, which failed to deter the tanker. The tanker adopted a zig-zag course in an apparent attempt to ram Darwin. It was only when a US Marine detachment from Ogden fast-roped from helicopters on to the ship that she was brought to a stop enabling boarding parties from Darwin and Reasoner to conduct a search.

Paragraph 30: As in a synchronous motor, the stator of the machine is connected to a three-phase supply of voltage  (assumed to be constant), and this creates a rotating magnetic field within the machine.  Likewise, the rotor is excited with a DC current  to act as an electromagnet.  In normal operation the rotor magnet follows the stator field at synchronous speed.  The rotating electromagnet induces a three-phase voltage  in the stator windings as if the machine were a synchronous generator. If the machine is considered to be ideal, with no mechanical, magnetic, or electrical losses, its equivalent circuit will be an AC generator in series with the winding inductance  of the stator.  The magnitude of  depends on the excitation current  and the speed of rotation, and as the latter is fixed,  depends only on . If  is critically adjusted to a value ,  will be equal and opposite to , and the current in the stator  will be zero.  This corresponds to the minimum in the curve shown above.  If, however,  is increased above ,  will exceed , and the difference is accounted for by a voltage  appearing across the stator inductance :   where  is the stator reactance.  Now the stator current  is no longer zero.  Since the machine is ideal, ,  and  will all be in phase, and  will be entirely reactive (i.e. in phase quadrature).  Viewed from the supply side of the machine's terminals, a negative reactive current will flow out of the terminals, and the machine will therefore appear as a capacitor, the magnitude of whose reactance will fall as  increases above .  If  is adjusted to be less than ,  will exceed , and a positive reactive current will flow into the machine.  The machine will then appear as an inductor whose reactance falls as  is reduced further.  These conditions correspond to the two rising arms of the V-curves (above).  In a practical machine with losses, the equivalent circuit will contain a resistor in parallel with the terminals to represent mechanical and magnetic losses, and another resistor in series with the generator and L, representing copper losses in the stator.  Thus in a practical machine  will contain a small in-phase component, and will not fall to zero.

Paragraph 31: As in a synchronous motor, the stator of the machine is connected to a three-phase supply of voltage  (assumed to be constant), and this creates a rotating magnetic field within the machine.  Likewise, the rotor is excited with a DC current  to act as an electromagnet.  In normal operation the rotor magnet follows the stator field at synchronous speed.  The rotating electromagnet induces a three-phase voltage  in the stator windings as if the machine were a synchronous generator. If the machine is considered to be ideal, with no mechanical, magnetic, or electrical losses, its equivalent circuit will be an AC generator in series with the winding inductance  of the stator.  The magnitude of  depends on the excitation current  and the speed of rotation, and as the latter is fixed,  depends only on . If  is critically adjusted to a value ,  will be equal and opposite to , and the current in the stator  will be zero.  This corresponds to the minimum in the curve shown above.  If, however,  is increased above ,  will exceed , and the difference is accounted for by a voltage  appearing across the stator inductance :   where  is the stator reactance.  Now the stator current  is no longer zero.  Since the machine is ideal, ,  and  will all be in phase, and  will be entirely reactive (i.e. in phase quadrature).  Viewed from the supply side of the machine's terminals, a negative reactive current will flow out of the terminals, and the machine will therefore appear as a capacitor, the magnitude of whose reactance will fall as  increases above .  If  is adjusted to be less than ,  will exceed , and a positive reactive current will flow into the machine.  The machine will then appear as an inductor whose reactance falls as  is reduced further.  These conditions correspond to the two rising arms of the V-curves (above).  In a practical machine with losses, the equivalent circuit will contain a resistor in parallel with the terminals to represent mechanical and magnetic losses, and another resistor in series with the generator and L, representing copper losses in the stator.  Thus in a practical machine  will contain a small in-phase component, and will not fall to zero.

Paragraph 32: Meanwhile, Emperor Susenyos was preoccupied with raiding parties of the Oromo. An initial encounter with the Marawa Oromo near the upper course of the Reb River ended in a defeat for the Ethiopian advance guards; Susenyos rallied his men and made an attack which scattered the Oromo. The Marawa allied with other Oromo, and the united force entered Begemder to avenge their defeat. Upon hearing of this, the Emperor responded by summoning his son-in-law Qegnazmach Julius and Kifla Krestos to join him with their troops, and defeated the raiders at Ebenat on 17 January 1608. According to James Bruce, the Royal Chronicle of Susenyos reports 12,000 Oromo were killed while only 400 on the Emperor's side were lost. With the Oromo threat dealt with, Susenyos now could turn his attention to Yaqob the pretender; he marched to Axum by way of the Lamalmo and Waldebba, where he was formally crowned Emperor 18 March 1608, in a ceremony described by João Gabriel, the captain of the Portuguese in Ethiopia. Despite this act legitimizing his rule, Susenyos had no luck capturing the pretender, and was forced to leave the task to his servant Amsala Krestos. Amsala Krestos induced two brothers who had joined the rebellion to assassinate Yaqob the pretender, who then sent the dead man's head to Susenyos. Without a scarf obscuring his features, writes Bruce, "it now appeared, that he had neither scars in his face, broken jaw, nor loss of teeth; but the covering was intending only to conceal the little resemblance he bore to king Jacob, slain, as we said before, at the battle of Lebart."

Paragraph 33: The first ships to leave port were Adelaide and Darwin on 13 August. The two ships embarked their complement of Fleet Air Arm (RAN) Seahawk and Squirrel helicopters on 14 August. Task Group 627.4 was formed when the Success rendezvoused with Darwin and Adelaide on 15 August, with the commander of the task group being embarked on Success. Upon formation of the group, and during the transit towards HMAS Stirling, a rigorous training exercise was performed. The exercise focused on anti-aircraft warfare, damage control, and Nuclear, Biological, Chemical defence. On one occasion,  Darwin and Adelaide boarded Success, which had assumed the role of a non-cooperative merchant ship.  RAAF aircraft and Learjet aircraft operated by Fleet Support Services assisted the task group in their exercises. The exercises were paused when the task group arrived at Stirling for an overnight visit on 21 August, and were resumed once the group departed Stirling to transit the Indian Ocean the next day. After a brief stop in Diego Garcia, the task group entered the Middle East Region on 3 September. While Operation Damask officially started on 6 September, Success commenced her replenishment operations on 7 September. Over the course of Operation Damask, the task group interrogated up to 30 merchant vessels a day, as well as aircraft, questioning their origin, identity destination and cargo, as well as conducting naval boarding operations. Most notably, between 26 and 28 October Darwin combined with US Ships USS Ogden and USS Reasoner, and HMS Brazen to intercept the 150,000 tonne oil tanker Amuriyah, whose shipmaster was uncooperative. This was despite numerous warning shots and even a flypast of aircraft from the aircraft carrier USS Independence, which failed to deter the tanker. The tanker adopted a zig-zag course in an apparent attempt to ram Darwin. It was only when a US Marine detachment from Ogden fast-roped from helicopters on to the ship that she was brought to a stop enabling boarding parties from Darwin and Reasoner to conduct a search.