Paragraph 1: Left Ohio for Louisville, Ky., September 27, then moved to Camp Dick Robinson, Ky., October 2, and duty there until December 12. March to Somerset, Ky., December 12, 1861, and to relief of Gen. Thomas at Mill Springs, Ky., January 19–21, 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky., February 10–16, then to Nashville, Tenn., February 18-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville May 31-June 6. March to Iuka, Miss., with skirmishing June 22, then to Tuscumbia, Ala., June 26–28, and to Huntsville, Ala., July 18–22. Action at Trinity, Ala., July 24 (Company E). Courtland Bridge July 25. Moved to Dechard, Tenn., July 27. March to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg August 21-September 26. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8. March to Nashville, Tenn., October 22-November 6, and duty there until December 26. Advance on Murfreesboro December 26–30. Battle of Stones River December 30–31, 1862 and January 1–3, 1863. Duty at Murfreesboro until March 13, and at Triune until June. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. Hoover's Gap June 24–26. Occupation of middle Tennessee until August 16. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River, and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Siege of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 24-November 23. Sequatchie Valley October 5. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Brown's Ferry October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Missionary Ridge November 24–25. Duty at Chattanooga until February 1864, and at Graysville until May. Atlanta Campaign May 1-September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Advance on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Mountain June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruff's Station, Smyrna Camp Ground, July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Near Milledgeville November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Fayetteville, N. C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 5, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 2: Willy (Campbell Scott), a personal trainer, and his friend John (Dermot Mulroney) are spending time with affluent gay couple David (Bruce Davison) and Sean (Mark Lamos) at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera  Other People  and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard (Patrick Cassidy) is preparing to audition for Sean's soap. His boyfriend is Paul (John Dossett), a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa (Mary-Louise Parker), an antiques dealer, whose brother  Fuzzy (Stephen Caffrey) is a lawyer who represents Howard.

Paragraph 3: After midnight, Lieutenant Alfredo León Lupión is in charge of organizing the departure of the assault guard vans from the Pontejos barracks to arrest the people assigned to each one of them (the Socialist militiaman Manuel Tagüeña participates in the elaboration of the lists of the Falangists to be arrested, who, according to his own account, chose those with the highest quota and those who were listed as workers, since he suspected that they might be professional gunmen). Around half past one, the driver of van number 17, Orencio Bayo Cambronero, is called to perform a service. About ten Assault Guards designated by Lieutenants Alfredo León Lupión and Alfonso Barbeta (only the names of four of them are known: Bienvenido Pérez, Ricardo Cruz Cousillos, Aniceto Castro Piñeira and Esteban Seco), plus four civilian members of the socialist militias (Luis Cuenca and Santiago Garcés, of "La Motorizada", spearhead of the prietist sector; Francisco Ordóñez and Federico Coello García, both staunch caballerists —in fact Coello was the fiancé of a daughter of Largo Caballero—) in addition to the guard José del Rey Hernández who dressed in civilian clothes (Del Rey was well known for his socialist ideas and had been sentenced to six years and a day for his participation in the October Revolution of 1934; after being amnestied he was assigned to the Political Vigilance Service and was escort for the socialist deputy Margarita Nelken). Lieutenant León Lupión informs them all that in command of the van is the officer of the Civil Guard in civilian clothes, Fernando Condés —he had recently been readmitted to the corps and promoted to captain after being amnestied in February from the life sentence for having participated in the October Revolution of 1934 (and who like del Castillo and Faraudo had trained the socialist militias)—. "That an officer of the Civil Guard should take command of one of these vans, represents a patent irregularity, and even more so if that captain is dressed in civilian clothes", affirms Luis Romero. The same affirms Alfonso Bullón de Mendoza: "That the vehicles would be used by civilians and guardsmen was certainly irregular, but even more so was the fact that León Lupión did not have the slightest inconvenience in handing over the command of van number 17 to Captain Condés, who, not being from the Assault Guard, but from the Civil Guard (where he was also awaiting assignment), could not be in charge of such a service". Lieutenant León Lupión recognized many years later that "Condés, in reality, should not have provided such a service".

Paragraph 4: The idea of a crossing of the River Lee downstream of the city came from civil engineers employed by Cork Local Authorities and the central government's Department of the Environment in the late 1970s.  Cork's suburbs were expanding and traffic was rising as car ownership increased, but the city centre's street plan, laid out in the late Middle Ages, was ill-equipped to cope.  The engineers reasoned that the congestion in the city centre and its radial routes was quickly reaching intolerable levels.  They pushed through Cork's "LUTS" – Land Use and Transportation Study – plan, to lay down a twenty five-year plan for the orderly growth of transport and land use in the greater Cork area.  The transportation proposals combined construction of elements of a ring road, a downstream crossing, and computerised management of traffic on existing roads. This group of engineers became the Technical Steering Committee for the LUTS Plan and at that time consisted of Sean McCarthy, the former City Engineer, W.A. "Liam" Fitzgerald, his successor as City Engineer, Liam Mullins, Cork's County Engineer, John O'Regan, his deputy, B.J. O'Sullivan, the Cork Harbour Engineer, and Sean Walsh and Declan O'Driscoll, the two Assistant Chief Engineering Advisers at the Department of the Environment responsible for the region. The location and type of crossing was not established by the LUTS plan.

Paragraph 5: On a routine clinic visit, a police detective, Michael Tritter, is seen by House. He is seen in the hospital clinic for a condition related to his genitals. Tritter is seen chewing gum which House presumes is nicotine gum during their clinic encounter. House presumes his condition is related to dehydration caused by the nicotine gum and instructs Tritter to use either lubricant "or foreplay, if you're cheap." Tritter insists on a swab of his genitals to rule out any other etiology, to which House responds, "Sorry. Already met this month's quota for useless tests for stubborn idiots." Tritter then observes House taking pills from a bottle. House begins to exit the exam room. Detective Tritter kicks House's cane with his foot and states that House is acting like a bully. House does reluctantly swab the affected area and subsequently inserts a rectal thermometer in Detective Tritter's anus. House leaves the exam room and states at the nurses station, "Leaving early today. You ever get that thing where you're sure you forgot something? But you can't remember what? Can't be that important." He then discards the genital sample in the trash. Tritter launches an investigation into House's suspected drug abuse. The investigation slowly involves Cuddy, Wilson and House's diagnostics team, with Tritter using extreme measures to get information. House, being forcibly weaned off Vicodin to take a deal where he would be allowed to keep his medical license, goes to extreme lengths to manage his pain by stealing oxycodone from a cancer patient of Wilson's who had just died, giving Tritter what he needed to charge House. At the pretrial hearing, the judge decides House is not a danger to society and that his pain management for his leg is not as serious as Tritter made it seem. This conclusion is reached when Cuddy manufactures evidence and perjures herself to keep House out of jail.

Paragraph 6: The idea of a crossing of the River Lee downstream of the city came from civil engineers employed by Cork Local Authorities and the central government's Department of the Environment in the late 1970s.  Cork's suburbs were expanding and traffic was rising as car ownership increased, but the city centre's street plan, laid out in the late Middle Ages, was ill-equipped to cope.  The engineers reasoned that the congestion in the city centre and its radial routes was quickly reaching intolerable levels.  They pushed through Cork's "LUTS" – Land Use and Transportation Study – plan, to lay down a twenty five-year plan for the orderly growth of transport and land use in the greater Cork area.  The transportation proposals combined construction of elements of a ring road, a downstream crossing, and computerised management of traffic on existing roads. This group of engineers became the Technical Steering Committee for the LUTS Plan and at that time consisted of Sean McCarthy, the former City Engineer, W.A. "Liam" Fitzgerald, his successor as City Engineer, Liam Mullins, Cork's County Engineer, John O'Regan, his deputy, B.J. O'Sullivan, the Cork Harbour Engineer, and Sean Walsh and Declan O'Driscoll, the two Assistant Chief Engineering Advisers at the Department of the Environment responsible for the region. The location and type of crossing was not established by the LUTS plan.

Paragraph 7: William S. Champ (Ziegler's former secretary) and W.C. Demarest (Mrs. Ziegler's nephew) (both to become among the first families residing in Malba) formed a Realty Trust to purchase the Ziegler tract from his estate for development purposes. Champ was vice president of the Realty Trust, and also one of the executors of Ziegler's estate. The Ziegler Tract had been appraised for $100,000 shortly after Ziegler's death. In the spring of 1906, the Realty Trust secured over 100 investors from New Haven, Guilford, Bridgeport, and other Connecticut towns, to the planned purchase of the Ziegler Tract. Based on a review of early maps of the area, the developers, at one point, planned a very densely populated community; with homes on lots no bigger than  wide. Obviously, this plan was modified and much larger properties were developed. The trust represented to the investors that the property could be purchased from the Ziegler estate for $640,000. In fact, the  which ultimately became Malba, had been earlier purchased from the Ziegler estate for $350,000. Thereafter such Connecticut residents as Samuel R. Avis, Noble P. Bishop, George W. Lewis, David R. Alling and George Maycock were elected trustees (altogether these were the five names that combined to form the MALBA name) of the Malba Land Company. The true, lesser, amount paid to Ziegler's estate was not uncovered until 1912. (For a complete discussion of the Realty Trust's acquisition of the land and its subsequent defense of a lawsuit from the Malba Land Company, see Crowe v. Malba Land Co., 135 N.Y.S. 454, 76 Misc. 676 (Sup. Ct. Queens Co. 1912)).

Paragraph 8: After midnight, Lieutenant Alfredo León Lupión is in charge of organizing the departure of the assault guard vans from the Pontejos barracks to arrest the people assigned to each one of them (the Socialist militiaman Manuel Tagüeña participates in the elaboration of the lists of the Falangists to be arrested, who, according to his own account, chose those with the highest quota and those who were listed as workers, since he suspected that they might be professional gunmen). Around half past one, the driver of van number 17, Orencio Bayo Cambronero, is called to perform a service. About ten Assault Guards designated by Lieutenants Alfredo León Lupión and Alfonso Barbeta (only the names of four of them are known: Bienvenido Pérez, Ricardo Cruz Cousillos, Aniceto Castro Piñeira and Esteban Seco), plus four civilian members of the socialist militias (Luis Cuenca and Santiago Garcés, of "La Motorizada", spearhead of the prietist sector; Francisco Ordóñez and Federico Coello García, both staunch caballerists —in fact Coello was the fiancé of a daughter of Largo Caballero—) in addition to the guard José del Rey Hernández who dressed in civilian clothes (Del Rey was well known for his socialist ideas and had been sentenced to six years and a day for his participation in the October Revolution of 1934; after being amnestied he was assigned to the Political Vigilance Service and was escort for the socialist deputy Margarita Nelken). Lieutenant León Lupión informs them all that in command of the van is the officer of the Civil Guard in civilian clothes, Fernando Condés —he had recently been readmitted to the corps and promoted to captain after being amnestied in February from the life sentence for having participated in the October Revolution of 1934 (and who like del Castillo and Faraudo had trained the socialist militias)—. "That an officer of the Civil Guard should take command of one of these vans, represents a patent irregularity, and even more so if that captain is dressed in civilian clothes", affirms Luis Romero. The same affirms Alfonso Bullón de Mendoza: "That the vehicles would be used by civilians and guardsmen was certainly irregular, but even more so was the fact that León Lupión did not have the slightest inconvenience in handing over the command of van number 17 to Captain Condés, who, not being from the Assault Guard, but from the Civil Guard (where he was also awaiting assignment), could not be in charge of such a service". Lieutenant León Lupión recognized many years later that "Condés, in reality, should not have provided such a service".

Paragraph 9: Padovano was born in Padua — hence his name — but little is known about his early life.  He first appears at St. Mark's in Venice on November 30, 1552, when he was hired as first organist at an annual salary of 40 ducats.  He stayed at this post until 1565.  St. Mark's at this time also began to employ a second organist (it was Claudio Merulo for the last eight years of Padovano's tenure), which allowed two simultaneous, spatially separated organs to perform in the huge space of the cathedral:  this was a key development in music of the Venetian school, which was already using spatially separated choirs of voices.  Merulo took over the job of first organist when Padovano left.

Paragraph 10: On a routine clinic visit, a police detective, Michael Tritter, is seen by House. He is seen in the hospital clinic for a condition related to his genitals. Tritter is seen chewing gum which House presumes is nicotine gum during their clinic encounter. House presumes his condition is related to dehydration caused by the nicotine gum and instructs Tritter to use either lubricant "or foreplay, if you're cheap." Tritter insists on a swab of his genitals to rule out any other etiology, to which House responds, "Sorry. Already met this month's quota for useless tests for stubborn idiots." Tritter then observes House taking pills from a bottle. House begins to exit the exam room. Detective Tritter kicks House's cane with his foot and states that House is acting like a bully. House does reluctantly swab the affected area and subsequently inserts a rectal thermometer in Detective Tritter's anus. House leaves the exam room and states at the nurses station, "Leaving early today. You ever get that thing where you're sure you forgot something? But you can't remember what? Can't be that important." He then discards the genital sample in the trash. Tritter launches an investigation into House's suspected drug abuse. The investigation slowly involves Cuddy, Wilson and House's diagnostics team, with Tritter using extreme measures to get information. House, being forcibly weaned off Vicodin to take a deal where he would be allowed to keep his medical license, goes to extreme lengths to manage his pain by stealing oxycodone from a cancer patient of Wilson's who had just died, giving Tritter what he needed to charge House. At the pretrial hearing, the judge decides House is not a danger to society and that his pain management for his leg is not as serious as Tritter made it seem. This conclusion is reached when Cuddy manufactures evidence and perjures herself to keep House out of jail.

Paragraph 11: Left Ohio for Louisville, Ky., September 27, then moved to Camp Dick Robinson, Ky., October 2, and duty there until December 12. March to Somerset, Ky., December 12, 1861, and to relief of Gen. Thomas at Mill Springs, Ky., January 19–21, 1862. Moved to Louisville, Ky., February 10–16, then to Nashville, Tenn., February 18-March 2. March to Savannah, Tenn., March 20-April 8. Advance on and siege of Corinth, Miss., April 29-May 30. Pursuit to Booneville May 31-June 6. March to Iuka, Miss., with skirmishing June 22, then to Tuscumbia, Ala., June 26–28, and to Huntsville, Ala., July 18–22. Action at Trinity, Ala., July 24 (Company E). Courtland Bridge July 25. Moved to Dechard, Tenn., July 27. March to Louisville, Ky., in pursuit of Bragg August 21-September 26. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–15. Battle of Perryville, Ky., October 8. March to Nashville, Tenn., October 22-November 6, and duty there until December 26. Advance on Murfreesboro December 26–30. Battle of Stones River December 30–31, 1862 and January 1–3, 1863. Duty at Murfreesboro until March 13, and at Triune until June. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. Hoover's Gap June 24–26. Occupation of middle Tennessee until August 16. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River, and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Siege of Chattanooga, Tenn., September 24-November 23. Sequatchie Valley October 5. Reopening Tennessee River October 26–29. Brown's Ferry October 27. Chattanooga-Ringgold Campaign November 23–27. Orchard Knob November 23. Missionary Ridge November 24–25. Duty at Chattanooga until February 1864, and at Graysville until May. Atlanta Campaign May 1-September 8. Demonstrations on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Advance on Dallas May 18–25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kennesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Mountain June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Assault on Kennesaw June 27. Ruff's Station, Smyrna Camp Ground, July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peachtree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Utoy Creek August 5–7. Flank movement on Jonesboro August 25–30. Battle of Jonesboro August 31-September 1. Operations against Hood in northern Georgia and northern Alabama September 29-November 3. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Near Milledgeville November 23. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April 1865. Fayetteville, N. C., March 11. Battle of Bentonville March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D.C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 20. Grand Review of the Armies May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June 5, and duty there until July.

Paragraph 12: On February 25, 2009, Cao grabbed headlines by announcing that his staff members were investigating the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) office in New Orleans. Cao, whose aversive relationship with the agency had started during his time as a community activist for victims of Hurricane Katrina, accused FEMA of a host of malfeasance charges, including "widespread complaints of discrimination, sexual harassment, ethics violations, nepotism and cronyism." Cao conveyed his concerns to the Obama administration's Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, who promised that "we will obviously follow up." The next day Cao's call for the resignation of Doug Whitmer, head of FEMA's New Orleans office, was bolstered by United States Senator Mary Landrieu, whereupon the story spread on CBS News. Popular reaction quickly pervaded New Orleans blogsites, one of them calling its discussion FEMA having a Cao. On February 27, 2009, acting FEMA Director Nancy L. Ward replaced Whitmer with Tony Russell, previously an administrator in FEMA's Denver office. Ward stripped Jim Stark of his immediate responsibilities for Louisiana's FEMA district, leaving him as FEMA assistant administrator for Gulf Coast recovery. Cao had also been critical of John Connolly, FEMA chief for Gulf Coast public assistance, whom Stark cited as his source of information on "how much public-assistance money FEMA should approve for local projects" (in a congressional hearing with Cao on February 25, 2009). Connolly was previously with FEMA's Philadelphia office, and Cao asked rhetorically, "How many times has Philadelphia been hit by a hurricane?" On March 5, 2009, Cao joined Napolitano, Jindal, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan, Louisiana Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landrieu, U.S. Representative Charlie Melancon, and other federal, state, and local officials on a tour of damaged areas in New Orleans, including the campus of Southern University at New Orleans (SUNO), where the group was led by SUNO President Victor Ukpolo. Eleven days later, on March 16, Cao again visited the SUNO campus, pledging full support of Ukpolo's mission to rebuild the campus. The seguing event on Cao's agenda during the same day was a fund-raising cocktail party at the home of bankers Stephen and Dana Hansel at which the admission contribution was $1000 a person and an unexpected guest was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich who was en route to lead a discussion in James Carville's political science class at Tulane University. The Times-Picayune, in an editorial on March 19, 2009, praised Ukpolo and Cao in their efforts to secure funding for restoration of SUNO's campus.

Paragraph 13: After midnight, Lieutenant Alfredo León Lupión is in charge of organizing the departure of the assault guard vans from the Pontejos barracks to arrest the people assigned to each one of them (the Socialist militiaman Manuel Tagüeña participates in the elaboration of the lists of the Falangists to be arrested, who, according to his own account, chose those with the highest quota and those who were listed as workers, since he suspected that they might be professional gunmen). Around half past one, the driver of van number 17, Orencio Bayo Cambronero, is called to perform a service. About ten Assault Guards designated by Lieutenants Alfredo León Lupión and Alfonso Barbeta (only the names of four of them are known: Bienvenido Pérez, Ricardo Cruz Cousillos, Aniceto Castro Piñeira and Esteban Seco), plus four civilian members of the socialist militias (Luis Cuenca and Santiago Garcés, of "La Motorizada", spearhead of the prietist sector; Francisco Ordóñez and Federico Coello García, both staunch caballerists —in fact Coello was the fiancé of a daughter of Largo Caballero—) in addition to the guard José del Rey Hernández who dressed in civilian clothes (Del Rey was well known for his socialist ideas and had been sentenced to six years and a day for his participation in the October Revolution of 1934; after being amnestied he was assigned to the Political Vigilance Service and was escort for the socialist deputy Margarita Nelken). Lieutenant León Lupión informs them all that in command of the van is the officer of the Civil Guard in civilian clothes, Fernando Condés —he had recently been readmitted to the corps and promoted to captain after being amnestied in February from the life sentence for having participated in the October Revolution of 1934 (and who like del Castillo and Faraudo had trained the socialist militias)—. "That an officer of the Civil Guard should take command of one of these vans, represents a patent irregularity, and even more so if that captain is dressed in civilian clothes", affirms Luis Romero. The same affirms Alfonso Bullón de Mendoza: "That the vehicles would be used by civilians and guardsmen was certainly irregular, but even more so was the fact that León Lupión did not have the slightest inconvenience in handing over the command of van number 17 to Captain Condés, who, not being from the Assault Guard, but from the Civil Guard (where he was also awaiting assignment), could not be in charge of such a service". Lieutenant León Lupión recognized many years later that "Condés, in reality, should not have provided such a service".

Paragraph 14: On a routine clinic visit, a police detective, Michael Tritter, is seen by House. He is seen in the hospital clinic for a condition related to his genitals. Tritter is seen chewing gum which House presumes is nicotine gum during their clinic encounter. House presumes his condition is related to dehydration caused by the nicotine gum and instructs Tritter to use either lubricant "or foreplay, if you're cheap." Tritter insists on a swab of his genitals to rule out any other etiology, to which House responds, "Sorry. Already met this month's quota for useless tests for stubborn idiots." Tritter then observes House taking pills from a bottle. House begins to exit the exam room. Detective Tritter kicks House's cane with his foot and states that House is acting like a bully. House does reluctantly swab the affected area and subsequently inserts a rectal thermometer in Detective Tritter's anus. House leaves the exam room and states at the nurses station, "Leaving early today. You ever get that thing where you're sure you forgot something? But you can't remember what? Can't be that important." He then discards the genital sample in the trash. Tritter launches an investigation into House's suspected drug abuse. The investigation slowly involves Cuddy, Wilson and House's diagnostics team, with Tritter using extreme measures to get information. House, being forcibly weaned off Vicodin to take a deal where he would be allowed to keep his medical license, goes to extreme lengths to manage his pain by stealing oxycodone from a cancer patient of Wilson's who had just died, giving Tritter what he needed to charge House. At the pretrial hearing, the judge decides House is not a danger to society and that his pain management for his leg is not as serious as Tritter made it seem. This conclusion is reached when Cuddy manufactures evidence and perjures herself to keep House out of jail.

Paragraph 15: The idea of a crossing of the River Lee downstream of the city came from civil engineers employed by Cork Local Authorities and the central government's Department of the Environment in the late 1970s.  Cork's suburbs were expanding and traffic was rising as car ownership increased, but the city centre's street plan, laid out in the late Middle Ages, was ill-equipped to cope.  The engineers reasoned that the congestion in the city centre and its radial routes was quickly reaching intolerable levels.  They pushed through Cork's "LUTS" – Land Use and Transportation Study – plan, to lay down a twenty five-year plan for the orderly growth of transport and land use in the greater Cork area.  The transportation proposals combined construction of elements of a ring road, a downstream crossing, and computerised management of traffic on existing roads. This group of engineers became the Technical Steering Committee for the LUTS Plan and at that time consisted of Sean McCarthy, the former City Engineer, W.A. "Liam" Fitzgerald, his successor as City Engineer, Liam Mullins, Cork's County Engineer, John O'Regan, his deputy, B.J. O'Sullivan, the Cork Harbour Engineer, and Sean Walsh and Declan O'Driscoll, the two Assistant Chief Engineering Advisers at the Department of the Environment responsible for the region. The location and type of crossing was not established by the LUTS plan.

Paragraph 16: Padovano was born in Padua — hence his name — but little is known about his early life.  He first appears at St. Mark's in Venice on November 30, 1552, when he was hired as first organist at an annual salary of 40 ducats.  He stayed at this post until 1565.  St. Mark's at this time also began to employ a second organist (it was Claudio Merulo for the last eight years of Padovano's tenure), which allowed two simultaneous, spatially separated organs to perform in the huge space of the cathedral:  this was a key development in music of the Venetian school, which was already using spatially separated choirs of voices.  Merulo took over the job of first organist when Padovano left.

Paragraph 17: Padovano was born in Padua — hence his name — but little is known about his early life.  He first appears at St. Mark's in Venice on November 30, 1552, when he was hired as first organist at an annual salary of 40 ducats.  He stayed at this post until 1565.  St. Mark's at this time also began to employ a second organist (it was Claudio Merulo for the last eight years of Padovano's tenure), which allowed two simultaneous, spatially separated organs to perform in the huge space of the cathedral:  this was a key development in music of the Venetian school, which was already using spatially separated choirs of voices.  Merulo took over the job of first organist when Padovano left.

Paragraph 18: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 19: In September 1985, Hogue, now 25 years old, stole the identity of a deceased infant and enrolled as a student at Palo Alto High School as Jay Mitchell Huntsman, a 16-year-old orphan from Nevada. On October 7, 1985, Hogue entered the Stanford Invitational Cross Country Meet. Hogue ran far ahead of the field and won the race, but did not report to the officials' table, arousing suspicion. Due to his mysterious background and physical prowess, local sports reporters dubbed him the "Mystery Boy". Jason Cole, a reporter covering the event for the now-defunct Peninsula Times Tribune, uncovered Hogue's identity theft, and Hogue left town.

Paragraph 20: Rennard served as the Liberal Democrats Chief Executive from 2003 to 2009, during which time he was in overall charge of the party's election campaigns and organisation. His campaigns team continued to build the party's successes through by-elections such as Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004. Following the Lib Dems' victory at Brent East in 2003, The Independent profiled Lord Rennard, saying calling him "a Liberal democrat who knows how to win elections" and saying that "In recent years thoughtful Conservatives surveying their wretched political predicament sometimes wondered aloud where "their" Peter Mandelson was. As usual they were asking the wrong question. They should have been seeking "their" Chris Rennard. For while Rennard enjoys a rather lower profile than New Labour's sultan of spin, the Liberal Democrats' own election guru is a no less formidable operator. True, Rennard has not managed to take the Liberal Democrats to Downing Street with a landslide majority, but it is in large part to him that the party owes its revival, the latest evidence of which was its victory in Brent East." As Chief Executive, Rennard oversaw the party’s recovery from a series of crises in January 2006 when Charles Kennedy resigned as Leader, Mark Oaten resigned as the party’s Home Affairs spokesman and Simon Hughes was claimed to be gay by The Sun newspaper. This turbulent period came to an end in March when he oversaw victory in the 2006 Dunfermline and West Fife by-election, which brought the total of Liberal Democrats MPs to 63. He chaired the Liberal Democrat general election campaign for both Sir Menzies Campbell and Nick Clegg between summer 2006 and May 2009, when he stood down as Chief Executive of the Party.

Paragraph 21: On February 25, 2009, Cao grabbed headlines by announcing that his staff members were investigating the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) office in New Orleans. Cao, whose aversive relationship with the agency had started during his time as a community activist for victims of Hurricane Katrina, accused FEMA of a host of malfeasance charges, including "widespread complaints of discrimination, sexual harassment, ethics violations, nepotism and cronyism." Cao conveyed his concerns to the Obama administration's Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, who promised that "we will obviously follow up." The next day Cao's call for the resignation of Doug Whitmer, head of FEMA's New Orleans office, was bolstered by United States Senator Mary Landrieu, whereupon the story spread on CBS News. Popular reaction quickly pervaded New Orleans blogsites, one of them calling its discussion FEMA having a Cao. On February 27, 2009, acting FEMA Director Nancy L. Ward replaced Whitmer with Tony Russell, previously an administrator in FEMA's Denver office. Ward stripped Jim Stark of his immediate responsibilities for Louisiana's FEMA district, leaving him as FEMA assistant administrator for Gulf Coast recovery. Cao had also been critical of John Connolly, FEMA chief for Gulf Coast public assistance, whom Stark cited as his source of information on "how much public-assistance money FEMA should approve for local projects" (in a congressional hearing with Cao on February 25, 2009). Connolly was previously with FEMA's Philadelphia office, and Cao asked rhetorically, "How many times has Philadelphia been hit by a hurricane?" On March 5, 2009, Cao joined Napolitano, Jindal, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan, Louisiana Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landrieu, U.S. Representative Charlie Melancon, and other federal, state, and local officials on a tour of damaged areas in New Orleans, including the campus of Southern University at New Orleans (SUNO), where the group was led by SUNO President Victor Ukpolo. Eleven days later, on March 16, Cao again visited the SUNO campus, pledging full support of Ukpolo's mission to rebuild the campus. The seguing event on Cao's agenda during the same day was a fund-raising cocktail party at the home of bankers Stephen and Dana Hansel at which the admission contribution was $1000 a person and an unexpected guest was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich who was en route to lead a discussion in James Carville's political science class at Tulane University. The Times-Picayune, in an editorial on March 19, 2009, praised Ukpolo and Cao in their efforts to secure funding for restoration of SUNO's campus.

Paragraph 22: Willy (Campbell Scott), a personal trainer, and his friend John (Dermot Mulroney) are spending time with affluent gay couple David (Bruce Davison) and Sean (Mark Lamos) at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera  Other People  and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard (Patrick Cassidy) is preparing to audition for Sean's soap. His boyfriend is Paul (John Dossett), a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa (Mary-Louise Parker), an antiques dealer, whose brother  Fuzzy (Stephen Caffrey) is a lawyer who represents Howard.

Paragraph 23: The idea of a crossing of the River Lee downstream of the city came from civil engineers employed by Cork Local Authorities and the central government's Department of the Environment in the late 1970s.  Cork's suburbs were expanding and traffic was rising as car ownership increased, but the city centre's street plan, laid out in the late Middle Ages, was ill-equipped to cope.  The engineers reasoned that the congestion in the city centre and its radial routes was quickly reaching intolerable levels.  They pushed through Cork's "LUTS" – Land Use and Transportation Study – plan, to lay down a twenty five-year plan for the orderly growth of transport and land use in the greater Cork area.  The transportation proposals combined construction of elements of a ring road, a downstream crossing, and computerised management of traffic on existing roads. This group of engineers became the Technical Steering Committee for the LUTS Plan and at that time consisted of Sean McCarthy, the former City Engineer, W.A. "Liam" Fitzgerald, his successor as City Engineer, Liam Mullins, Cork's County Engineer, John O'Regan, his deputy, B.J. O'Sullivan, the Cork Harbour Engineer, and Sean Walsh and Declan O'Driscoll, the two Assistant Chief Engineering Advisers at the Department of the Environment responsible for the region. The location and type of crossing was not established by the LUTS plan.

Paragraph 24: After midnight, Lieutenant Alfredo León Lupión is in charge of organizing the departure of the assault guard vans from the Pontejos barracks to arrest the people assigned to each one of them (the Socialist militiaman Manuel Tagüeña participates in the elaboration of the lists of the Falangists to be arrested, who, according to his own account, chose those with the highest quota and those who were listed as workers, since he suspected that they might be professional gunmen). Around half past one, the driver of van number 17, Orencio Bayo Cambronero, is called to perform a service. About ten Assault Guards designated by Lieutenants Alfredo León Lupión and Alfonso Barbeta (only the names of four of them are known: Bienvenido Pérez, Ricardo Cruz Cousillos, Aniceto Castro Piñeira and Esteban Seco), plus four civilian members of the socialist militias (Luis Cuenca and Santiago Garcés, of "La Motorizada", spearhead of the prietist sector; Francisco Ordóñez and Federico Coello García, both staunch caballerists —in fact Coello was the fiancé of a daughter of Largo Caballero—) in addition to the guard José del Rey Hernández who dressed in civilian clothes (Del Rey was well known for his socialist ideas and had been sentenced to six years and a day for his participation in the October Revolution of 1934; after being amnestied he was assigned to the Political Vigilance Service and was escort for the socialist deputy Margarita Nelken). Lieutenant León Lupión informs them all that in command of the van is the officer of the Civil Guard in civilian clothes, Fernando Condés —he had recently been readmitted to the corps and promoted to captain after being amnestied in February from the life sentence for having participated in the October Revolution of 1934 (and who like del Castillo and Faraudo had trained the socialist militias)—. "That an officer of the Civil Guard should take command of one of these vans, represents a patent irregularity, and even more so if that captain is dressed in civilian clothes", affirms Luis Romero. The same affirms Alfonso Bullón de Mendoza: "That the vehicles would be used by civilians and guardsmen was certainly irregular, but even more so was the fact that León Lupión did not have the slightest inconvenience in handing over the command of van number 17 to Captain Condés, who, not being from the Assault Guard, but from the Civil Guard (where he was also awaiting assignment), could not be in charge of such a service". Lieutenant León Lupión recognized many years later that "Condés, in reality, should not have provided such a service".

Paragraph 25: Rennard served as the Liberal Democrats Chief Executive from 2003 to 2009, during which time he was in overall charge of the party's election campaigns and organisation. His campaigns team continued to build the party's successes through by-elections such as Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004. Following the Lib Dems' victory at Brent East in 2003, The Independent profiled Lord Rennard, saying calling him "a Liberal democrat who knows how to win elections" and saying that "In recent years thoughtful Conservatives surveying their wretched political predicament sometimes wondered aloud where "their" Peter Mandelson was. As usual they were asking the wrong question. They should have been seeking "their" Chris Rennard. For while Rennard enjoys a rather lower profile than New Labour's sultan of spin, the Liberal Democrats' own election guru is a no less formidable operator. True, Rennard has not managed to take the Liberal Democrats to Downing Street with a landslide majority, but it is in large part to him that the party owes its revival, the latest evidence of which was its victory in Brent East." As Chief Executive, Rennard oversaw the party’s recovery from a series of crises in January 2006 when Charles Kennedy resigned as Leader, Mark Oaten resigned as the party’s Home Affairs spokesman and Simon Hughes was claimed to be gay by The Sun newspaper. This turbulent period came to an end in March when he oversaw victory in the 2006 Dunfermline and West Fife by-election, which brought the total of Liberal Democrats MPs to 63. He chaired the Liberal Democrat general election campaign for both Sir Menzies Campbell and Nick Clegg between summer 2006 and May 2009, when he stood down as Chief Executive of the Party.

Paragraph 26: Padovano was born in Padua — hence his name — but little is known about his early life.  He first appears at St. Mark's in Venice on November 30, 1552, when he was hired as first organist at an annual salary of 40 ducats.  He stayed at this post until 1565.  St. Mark's at this time also began to employ a second organist (it was Claudio Merulo for the last eight years of Padovano's tenure), which allowed two simultaneous, spatially separated organs to perform in the huge space of the cathedral:  this was a key development in music of the Venetian school, which was already using spatially separated choirs of voices.  Merulo took over the job of first organist when Padovano left.

Paragraph 27: After midnight, Lieutenant Alfredo León Lupión is in charge of organizing the departure of the assault guard vans from the Pontejos barracks to arrest the people assigned to each one of them (the Socialist militiaman Manuel Tagüeña participates in the elaboration of the lists of the Falangists to be arrested, who, according to his own account, chose those with the highest quota and those who were listed as workers, since he suspected that they might be professional gunmen). Around half past one, the driver of van number 17, Orencio Bayo Cambronero, is called to perform a service. About ten Assault Guards designated by Lieutenants Alfredo León Lupión and Alfonso Barbeta (only the names of four of them are known: Bienvenido Pérez, Ricardo Cruz Cousillos, Aniceto Castro Piñeira and Esteban Seco), plus four civilian members of the socialist militias (Luis Cuenca and Santiago Garcés, of "La Motorizada", spearhead of the prietist sector; Francisco Ordóñez and Federico Coello García, both staunch caballerists —in fact Coello was the fiancé of a daughter of Largo Caballero—) in addition to the guard José del Rey Hernández who dressed in civilian clothes (Del Rey was well known for his socialist ideas and had been sentenced to six years and a day for his participation in the October Revolution of 1934; after being amnestied he was assigned to the Political Vigilance Service and was escort for the socialist deputy Margarita Nelken). Lieutenant León Lupión informs them all that in command of the van is the officer of the Civil Guard in civilian clothes, Fernando Condés —he had recently been readmitted to the corps and promoted to captain after being amnestied in February from the life sentence for having participated in the October Revolution of 1934 (and who like del Castillo and Faraudo had trained the socialist militias)—. "That an officer of the Civil Guard should take command of one of these vans, represents a patent irregularity, and even more so if that captain is dressed in civilian clothes", affirms Luis Romero. The same affirms Alfonso Bullón de Mendoza: "That the vehicles would be used by civilians and guardsmen was certainly irregular, but even more so was the fact that León Lupión did not have the slightest inconvenience in handing over the command of van number 17 to Captain Condés, who, not being from the Assault Guard, but from the Civil Guard (where he was also awaiting assignment), could not be in charge of such a service". Lieutenant León Lupión recognized many years later that "Condés, in reality, should not have provided such a service".

Paragraph 28: Willy (Campbell Scott), a personal trainer, and his friend John (Dermot Mulroney) are spending time with affluent gay couple David (Bruce Davison) and Sean (Mark Lamos) at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera  Other People  and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard (Patrick Cassidy) is preparing to audition for Sean's soap. His boyfriend is Paul (John Dossett), a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa (Mary-Louise Parker), an antiques dealer, whose brother  Fuzzy (Stephen Caffrey) is a lawyer who represents Howard.

Paragraph 29: Padovano was born in Padua — hence his name — but little is known about his early life.  He first appears at St. Mark's in Venice on November 30, 1552, when he was hired as first organist at an annual salary of 40 ducats.  He stayed at this post until 1565.  St. Mark's at this time also began to employ a second organist (it was Claudio Merulo for the last eight years of Padovano's tenure), which allowed two simultaneous, spatially separated organs to perform in the huge space of the cathedral:  this was a key development in music of the Venetian school, which was already using spatially separated choirs of voices.  Merulo took over the job of first organist when Padovano left.

Paragraph 30: The rule of thirds is applied by aligning a subject with the guide lines and their intersection points, placing the horizon on the top or bottom line, or allowing linear features in the image to flow from section to section. The main reason for observing the rule of thirds is to discourage placement of the subject at the center, or prevent a horizon from appearing to divide the picture in half. Michael Ryan and Melissa Lenos, authors of the book An Introduction to Film Analysis: Technique and Meaning in Narrative Film, state that the use of rule of thirds is "favored by cinematographers in their effort to design balanced and unified images" (page 40).

Paragraph 31: On a routine clinic visit, a police detective, Michael Tritter, is seen by House. He is seen in the hospital clinic for a condition related to his genitals. Tritter is seen chewing gum which House presumes is nicotine gum during their clinic encounter. House presumes his condition is related to dehydration caused by the nicotine gum and instructs Tritter to use either lubricant "or foreplay, if you're cheap." Tritter insists on a swab of his genitals to rule out any other etiology, to which House responds, "Sorry. Already met this month's quota for useless tests for stubborn idiots." Tritter then observes House taking pills from a bottle. House begins to exit the exam room. Detective Tritter kicks House's cane with his foot and states that House is acting like a bully. House does reluctantly swab the affected area and subsequently inserts a rectal thermometer in Detective Tritter's anus. House leaves the exam room and states at the nurses station, "Leaving early today. You ever get that thing where you're sure you forgot something? But you can't remember what? Can't be that important." He then discards the genital sample in the trash. Tritter launches an investigation into House's suspected drug abuse. The investigation slowly involves Cuddy, Wilson and House's diagnostics team, with Tritter using extreme measures to get information. House, being forcibly weaned off Vicodin to take a deal where he would be allowed to keep his medical license, goes to extreme lengths to manage his pain by stealing oxycodone from a cancer patient of Wilson's who had just died, giving Tritter what he needed to charge House. At the pretrial hearing, the judge decides House is not a danger to society and that his pain management for his leg is not as serious as Tritter made it seem. This conclusion is reached when Cuddy manufactures evidence and perjures herself to keep House out of jail.

Paragraph 32: Details regarding Akhmetov's past, how he obtained his wealth after the fall of communism in Ukraine, and his activities between 1985 and 1995, remain controversial. Akhmetov has stated in interviews that he successfully made risky business investments in the first years after the collapse of the Soviet Union. In 2010, denied he inherited any money from Akhat Bragin or anyone else: "I have earned my first million by trading coal and coke, and spent the money on assets that no one wanted to buy. It was a risk but it was worth it". Many publications in Ukraine and other European countries have made claims about Akhmetov's alleged "criminal past", some of which later retracted their statements.

Paragraph 33: The rule of thirds is applied by aligning a subject with the guide lines and their intersection points, placing the horizon on the top or bottom line, or allowing linear features in the image to flow from section to section. The main reason for observing the rule of thirds is to discourage placement of the subject at the center, or prevent a horizon from appearing to divide the picture in half. Michael Ryan and Melissa Lenos, authors of the book An Introduction to Film Analysis: Technique and Meaning in Narrative Film, state that the use of rule of thirds is "favored by cinematographers in their effort to design balanced and unified images" (page 40).

Paragraph 34: Details regarding Akhmetov's past, how he obtained his wealth after the fall of communism in Ukraine, and his activities between 1985 and 1995, remain controversial. Akhmetov has stated in interviews that he successfully made risky business investments in the first years after the collapse of the Soviet Union. In 2010, denied he inherited any money from Akhat Bragin or anyone else: "I have earned my first million by trading coal and coke, and spent the money on assets that no one wanted to buy. It was a risk but it was worth it". Many publications in Ukraine and other European countries have made claims about Akhmetov's alleged "criminal past", some of which later retracted their statements.