Paragraph 1: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 2: Even before the NBR had obtained its Act authorising the acquisition of the E&DR, John Learmonth had instructed John Miller to carry out a flying survey of the territory to the south of Dalkeith for a potential line to Kelso which would connect with a branch from Berwick. The scheme, which would see a  line from the E&DR's terminus at Dalhousie Mains to Hawick, was discussed at a shareholders' meeting on 19 December 1844 where it drew criticism for being nearly as long as the NBR's Berwick line. Learmonth described the line as a "protective" one to guard against incursions by the NBR's Glasgow-based rival, the Caledonian Railway, and stated that there was no intention of extending it further to Carlisle. The proposal having been carried by a substantial majority, the Act authorising the line was obtained on 21 July 1845 with the incorporation of the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway. Although nominally independent, the company had £400,000 of its capital subscribed by NBR directors and the shares, each bearing a 4% guarantee, were to be transferred to NBR shareholders after incorporation. A special shareholders' meeting on 18 August 1845 authorised a further £400,000 to be raised which would be used to buy out the Edinburgh and Hawick company. At the same time, Learmonth revealed that it was in fact intended to continue to Carlisle.

Paragraph 3: This episode may contain the highest amount of cultural references in a single airing, many of which are in rapid succession in the first half. In the beginning of the episode, when they are in Joe's home theater, Joe appears rolling across the ground in a parody of the 1984-1993 TriStar Pictures logo. The television show that Peter and Lois watch entitled Fast Talking High Trousers, which parodied 1940s films, was conceived by Wellesley Wild. The episode's title and plot references the horror film Poltergeist. The episode references the finale of the NBC sitcom Friends and its sequel Joey, also referencing the cancellation of Joey. To cheer himself up, Stewie at one point imagines himself on the show Jackass. In one scene, Chris is frightened by Ronald McDonald, and is saved from an evil tree by Herbert, who fights the tree in a The Lord of the Rings-style battle. When Peter is clawing at his face, he transforms into Hank Hill from King of the Hill. While trapped inside the spirit world, Stewie learns he can communicate through the TV, and he sings the second verse of the Phil Collins song "In the Air Tonight" with the same fuzzy reverb vocal effect used in the recorded song. While shooting golf balls through the portal, Peter remarks "we are going to get those terrorists, now watch this drive." A reference to a televised interview on a golf course in which President George W. Bush said the same thing before hitting a ball. Peter also references Bugs Bunny by sticking his head out of Meg's butt and claiming he took a wrong turn at Albuquerque. The scene of Peter taking the TV back in and putting Meg out referenced the end of the original film Poltergeist, where the family's father removes the television set after the family flees to a motel room. JAG is also shown, commenting how the show has run its course, the last episode of the series having aired on April 29, 2005. When the Griffin family approaches Carrot Top's mansion, the theme from Back to the Future is used. A cutaway gag refers the Dick Cheney hunting accident, which Cheney shooting down Peter multiple times, afterwards claiming he thought he was a deer. While feeding the skull, Peter says, "Want some more Peas Chief Diamond Phillips", a reference to Actor Lou Diamond Phillips who is part Cherokee Indian. Towards the end of the episode, Stewie mentions that he met Jesus and he was Chinese with the last name Hong. This could possibly be a reference to the Taiping Rebellion, which was led by a man who believed himself to be the brother of Jesus with the name Hong.

Paragraph 4: Even before the NBR had obtained its Act authorising the acquisition of the E&DR, John Learmonth had instructed John Miller to carry out a flying survey of the territory to the south of Dalkeith for a potential line to Kelso which would connect with a branch from Berwick. The scheme, which would see a  line from the E&DR's terminus at Dalhousie Mains to Hawick, was discussed at a shareholders' meeting on 19 December 1844 where it drew criticism for being nearly as long as the NBR's Berwick line. Learmonth described the line as a "protective" one to guard against incursions by the NBR's Glasgow-based rival, the Caledonian Railway, and stated that there was no intention of extending it further to Carlisle. The proposal having been carried by a substantial majority, the Act authorising the line was obtained on 21 July 1845 with the incorporation of the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway. Although nominally independent, the company had £400,000 of its capital subscribed by NBR directors and the shares, each bearing a 4% guarantee, were to be transferred to NBR shareholders after incorporation. A special shareholders' meeting on 18 August 1845 authorised a further £400,000 to be raised which would be used to buy out the Edinburgh and Hawick company. At the same time, Learmonth revealed that it was in fact intended to continue to Carlisle.

Paragraph 5: Even before the NBR had obtained its Act authorising the acquisition of the E&DR, John Learmonth had instructed John Miller to carry out a flying survey of the territory to the south of Dalkeith for a potential line to Kelso which would connect with a branch from Berwick. The scheme, which would see a  line from the E&DR's terminus at Dalhousie Mains to Hawick, was discussed at a shareholders' meeting on 19 December 1844 where it drew criticism for being nearly as long as the NBR's Berwick line. Learmonth described the line as a "protective" one to guard against incursions by the NBR's Glasgow-based rival, the Caledonian Railway, and stated that there was no intention of extending it further to Carlisle. The proposal having been carried by a substantial majority, the Act authorising the line was obtained on 21 July 1845 with the incorporation of the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway. Although nominally independent, the company had £400,000 of its capital subscribed by NBR directors and the shares, each bearing a 4% guarantee, were to be transferred to NBR shareholders after incorporation. A special shareholders' meeting on 18 August 1845 authorised a further £400,000 to be raised which would be used to buy out the Edinburgh and Hawick company. At the same time, Learmonth revealed that it was in fact intended to continue to Carlisle.

Paragraph 6: Steerpike, despite his position of authority, is in reality a dangerous traitor to Gormenghast who seeks to eventually wield ultimate power in the castle. To this end, he kills Barquentine so that he can replace him and so advance in power. Although he is successful in his murder of Barquentine, the old master of ritual put up such a severe struggle that Steerpike is severely injured in the process, suffering extensive burns and almost drowning. As Steerpike lies recovering in a delirious state from his ordeal, he cries out the words And the twins will make it five. This is overheard by the castle's doctor, Dr Prunesquallor, who is greatly disturbed to hear it. Although the reader is not told this explicitly, Steerpike's words are a clear reference to the number of people he has killed. The reference to the twins is to the aunts of Titus, the twin sisters Ladies Cora and Clarice. Steerpike has effectively been holding them captive in a remote and abandoned part of the castle, and they are utterly dependent on him for food and drink. Due to Steerpike's prolonged recovery he is unable to supply them (and at some level Steerpike is aware of this, even in his delirium), and by the time he has recovered he believes them to have probably already died of thirst and starvation, though in fact they die a few days later.

Paragraph 7: Robert Greenwald (born August 28, 1945) is an American filmmaker, and the founder of Brave New Films, a nonprofit film and advocacy organization whose work is distributed for free in concert with nonprofit partners and movements in order to educate and mobilize for progressive causes. With Brave New Films, Greenwald has made investigative documentaries such as Uncovered: The War on Iraq (2004), Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism (2004), Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price (2005), Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers (2006), Rethink Afghanistan (2009), Koch Brothers Exposed (2012), and War on Whistleblowers (2013), Suppressed 2020: The Fight to Vote (2020), Suppressed and Sabotaged: The Fight to Vote (2022), Beyond Bars: A Son's Fight for Justice (2022) as well as many short investigative films and internet videos.

Paragraph 8: Steerpike, despite his position of authority, is in reality a dangerous traitor to Gormenghast who seeks to eventually wield ultimate power in the castle. To this end, he kills Barquentine so that he can replace him and so advance in power. Although he is successful in his murder of Barquentine, the old master of ritual put up such a severe struggle that Steerpike is severely injured in the process, suffering extensive burns and almost drowning. As Steerpike lies recovering in a delirious state from his ordeal, he cries out the words And the twins will make it five. This is overheard by the castle's doctor, Dr Prunesquallor, who is greatly disturbed to hear it. Although the reader is not told this explicitly, Steerpike's words are a clear reference to the number of people he has killed. The reference to the twins is to the aunts of Titus, the twin sisters Ladies Cora and Clarice. Steerpike has effectively been holding them captive in a remote and abandoned part of the castle, and they are utterly dependent on him for food and drink. Due to Steerpike's prolonged recovery he is unable to supply them (and at some level Steerpike is aware of this, even in his delirium), and by the time he has recovered he believes them to have probably already died of thirst and starvation, though in fact they die a few days later.

Paragraph 9: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 10:  With the winter transfer window due to open, United opted to allow striker Lyle Taylor to join Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle for the remainder of the season. Taylor was quickly followed by fellow striker Marlon King whose short-term contract was terminated at the end of the year. Youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a youth loan. Having picked up an injury during the game against Oldham, Aidan White cut short his loan spell to return to Leeds for treatment. United's unbeaten run did not last into the new year, as despite leading 1–0 at half time, they were beaten 2–1 away at Walsall. As January began Aaron Barry returned from a successful loan spell at Dumbarton having played over 20 times for the Sons, before United knocked Premiership side Aston Villa out of the FA Cup following a 2–1 third round at Villa Park. The following week saw a flurry of arrivals and departures as Elliott Whitehouse returned from his loan spell at York City, whilst Joe Ironside returned from Halifax Town, Callum McFadzean returned from Chesterfield and youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a months loan. Conor Coady then extended his loan with United until the end of February, and Darryl Westlake extended his loan with Mansfield Town until the end of the season. The following day Malachy Brannigan was unveiled as the club's new managing director, reuniting with Nigel Clough, with whom he had worked at Derby County. The week concluded with United signing Billy Paynter on loan for the rest of the season from South Yorkshire rivals Doncaster Rovers, whilst Marcus Williams left permanently for Scunthorpe United on a free transfer, and Sean McGinty joined Northampton Town on a months loan. For the second league fixture in a row United let a lead slip to lose 2–1 at Notts County, and then as Nigel Clough continued to revamp the squad, Febian Brandy was allowed to rejoin Walsall on loan for the remainder of the season, only six months after leaving the West Midlands club, and Florent Cuvelier joined Port Vale for a similar period. In their next match, United drew 2–2 at home with Yorkshire rivals Bradford City despite having held a two-goal lead at half time. 24 January saw United make a number of signings, bringing in John Brayford on loan for the remainder of the season from Cardiff City, signing Stefan Scougall from Livingston for an undisclosed fee, and agreeing a loan-swap deal with Blackpool that saw Bob Harris sign for a month with United, with Tony McMahon moving in the opposite direction. In the fifth round of the FA Cup United held Premier League Fulham to a 1–1 draw at Bramall Lane, despite being reduced to ten men for most of the second half following Michael Doyle's red card. On 30 January, McMahon agreed a permanent switch to Blackpool, after the west-coast club decided to take up the remainder of his contract. The following day, in the final hours of the transfer window, United agreed a similar deal with Bob Harris, taking over the remainder of his contract from his former club.

Paragraph 11: The legal origins theory claims that the two main legal traditions or origins, civil law and common law, crucially shape lawmaking and dispute adjudication and have not been reformed after the initial exogenous transplantation by Europeans. Therefore, they affect economic outcomes to date. According to the evidence reported by the initial proponents of such a theory, countries that received civil law would display today less secure investor rights, stricter regulation, and more inefficient governments and courts than those that inherited common law. These differences would reflect both a stronger historical emphasis of common law on private ordering and the higher adaptability of judge-made law.

Paragraph 12: Steerpike, despite his position of authority, is in reality a dangerous traitor to Gormenghast who seeks to eventually wield ultimate power in the castle. To this end, he kills Barquentine so that he can replace him and so advance in power. Although he is successful in his murder of Barquentine, the old master of ritual put up such a severe struggle that Steerpike is severely injured in the process, suffering extensive burns and almost drowning. As Steerpike lies recovering in a delirious state from his ordeal, he cries out the words And the twins will make it five. This is overheard by the castle's doctor, Dr Prunesquallor, who is greatly disturbed to hear it. Although the reader is not told this explicitly, Steerpike's words are a clear reference to the number of people he has killed. The reference to the twins is to the aunts of Titus, the twin sisters Ladies Cora and Clarice. Steerpike has effectively been holding them captive in a remote and abandoned part of the castle, and they are utterly dependent on him for food and drink. Due to Steerpike's prolonged recovery he is unable to supply them (and at some level Steerpike is aware of this, even in his delirium), and by the time he has recovered he believes them to have probably already died of thirst and starvation, though in fact they die a few days later.

Paragraph 13: Robert Greenwald (born August 28, 1945) is an American filmmaker, and the founder of Brave New Films, a nonprofit film and advocacy organization whose work is distributed for free in concert with nonprofit partners and movements in order to educate and mobilize for progressive causes. With Brave New Films, Greenwald has made investigative documentaries such as Uncovered: The War on Iraq (2004), Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism (2004), Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price (2005), Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers (2006), Rethink Afghanistan (2009), Koch Brothers Exposed (2012), and War on Whistleblowers (2013), Suppressed 2020: The Fight to Vote (2020), Suppressed and Sabotaged: The Fight to Vote (2022), Beyond Bars: A Son's Fight for Justice (2022) as well as many short investigative films and internet videos.

Paragraph 14: The legal origins theory claims that the two main legal traditions or origins, civil law and common law, crucially shape lawmaking and dispute adjudication and have not been reformed after the initial exogenous transplantation by Europeans. Therefore, they affect economic outcomes to date. According to the evidence reported by the initial proponents of such a theory, countries that received civil law would display today less secure investor rights, stricter regulation, and more inefficient governments and courts than those that inherited common law. These differences would reflect both a stronger historical emphasis of common law on private ordering and the higher adaptability of judge-made law.

Paragraph 15: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 16:  With the winter transfer window due to open, United opted to allow striker Lyle Taylor to join Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle for the remainder of the season. Taylor was quickly followed by fellow striker Marlon King whose short-term contract was terminated at the end of the year. Youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a youth loan. Having picked up an injury during the game against Oldham, Aidan White cut short his loan spell to return to Leeds for treatment. United's unbeaten run did not last into the new year, as despite leading 1–0 at half time, they were beaten 2–1 away at Walsall. As January began Aaron Barry returned from a successful loan spell at Dumbarton having played over 20 times for the Sons, before United knocked Premiership side Aston Villa out of the FA Cup following a 2–1 third round at Villa Park. The following week saw a flurry of arrivals and departures as Elliott Whitehouse returned from his loan spell at York City, whilst Joe Ironside returned from Halifax Town, Callum McFadzean returned from Chesterfield and youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a months loan. Conor Coady then extended his loan with United until the end of February, and Darryl Westlake extended his loan with Mansfield Town until the end of the season. The following day Malachy Brannigan was unveiled as the club's new managing director, reuniting with Nigel Clough, with whom he had worked at Derby County. The week concluded with United signing Billy Paynter on loan for the rest of the season from South Yorkshire rivals Doncaster Rovers, whilst Marcus Williams left permanently for Scunthorpe United on a free transfer, and Sean McGinty joined Northampton Town on a months loan. For the second league fixture in a row United let a lead slip to lose 2–1 at Notts County, and then as Nigel Clough continued to revamp the squad, Febian Brandy was allowed to rejoin Walsall on loan for the remainder of the season, only six months after leaving the West Midlands club, and Florent Cuvelier joined Port Vale for a similar period. In their next match, United drew 2–2 at home with Yorkshire rivals Bradford City despite having held a two-goal lead at half time. 24 January saw United make a number of signings, bringing in John Brayford on loan for the remainder of the season from Cardiff City, signing Stefan Scougall from Livingston for an undisclosed fee, and agreeing a loan-swap deal with Blackpool that saw Bob Harris sign for a month with United, with Tony McMahon moving in the opposite direction. In the fifth round of the FA Cup United held Premier League Fulham to a 1–1 draw at Bramall Lane, despite being reduced to ten men for most of the second half following Michael Doyle's red card. On 30 January, McMahon agreed a permanent switch to Blackpool, after the west-coast club decided to take up the remainder of his contract. The following day, in the final hours of the transfer window, United agreed a similar deal with Bob Harris, taking over the remainder of his contract from his former club.

Paragraph 17: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 18: Another innovation during the 1970s was the application of all-over adverts on tramcars to increase earnings. Advertising on Blackpool tramcars first appeared on the Conduit cars in the early years of the tramway, with upper deck decency panels utilised for this purpose. Some trams such as the Blackpool and Fleetwood Racks and Boxes had side panels fitted to the roof for advertising purposes. Various trams have since had adverts applied on the cab-ends and sides upon their liveries. In 1965, Coronation tram No. 310 was fitted with illuminated advert panels at the cab ends on the roof. This was followed by larger rectangular boxes in the 1960s on various Coronations, English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches and OMO trams and remained a feature on some of them until the mid-1990s. In 2010, Brush Railcoach tram No. 632 had new advertising boxes fitted to recreate this feature. All-over adverts first appeared in 1975. Balloon tram No. 707 was the first tram to carry an all-over advert for Empire Pools. Brush Railcoach tram No. 622 was the first single-deck tram to carry an all-over advert for Blackpool Zoo in 1975. The English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches, OMO trams and Centenary trams which carried adverts had their towers panelled over to provide more space for advertising. Various all-over adverts have since appeared on several tramcars.

Paragraph 19: The legal origins theory claims that the two main legal traditions or origins, civil law and common law, crucially shape lawmaking and dispute adjudication and have not been reformed after the initial exogenous transplantation by Europeans. Therefore, they affect economic outcomes to date. According to the evidence reported by the initial proponents of such a theory, countries that received civil law would display today less secure investor rights, stricter regulation, and more inefficient governments and courts than those that inherited common law. These differences would reflect both a stronger historical emphasis of common law on private ordering and the higher adaptability of judge-made law.

Paragraph 20: Another innovation during the 1970s was the application of all-over adverts on tramcars to increase earnings. Advertising on Blackpool tramcars first appeared on the Conduit cars in the early years of the tramway, with upper deck decency panels utilised for this purpose. Some trams such as the Blackpool and Fleetwood Racks and Boxes had side panels fitted to the roof for advertising purposes. Various trams have since had adverts applied on the cab-ends and sides upon their liveries. In 1965, Coronation tram No. 310 was fitted with illuminated advert panels at the cab ends on the roof. This was followed by larger rectangular boxes in the 1960s on various Coronations, English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches and OMO trams and remained a feature on some of them until the mid-1990s. In 2010, Brush Railcoach tram No. 632 had new advertising boxes fitted to recreate this feature. All-over adverts first appeared in 1975. Balloon tram No. 707 was the first tram to carry an all-over advert for Empire Pools. Brush Railcoach tram No. 622 was the first single-deck tram to carry an all-over advert for Blackpool Zoo in 1975. The English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches, OMO trams and Centenary trams which carried adverts had their towers panelled over to provide more space for advertising. Various all-over adverts have since appeared on several tramcars.

Paragraph 21: The legal origins theory claims that the two main legal traditions or origins, civil law and common law, crucially shape lawmaking and dispute adjudication and have not been reformed after the initial exogenous transplantation by Europeans. Therefore, they affect economic outcomes to date. According to the evidence reported by the initial proponents of such a theory, countries that received civil law would display today less secure investor rights, stricter regulation, and more inefficient governments and courts than those that inherited common law. These differences would reflect both a stronger historical emphasis of common law on private ordering and the higher adaptability of judge-made law.

Paragraph 22:  With the winter transfer window due to open, United opted to allow striker Lyle Taylor to join Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle for the remainder of the season. Taylor was quickly followed by fellow striker Marlon King whose short-term contract was terminated at the end of the year. Youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a youth loan. Having picked up an injury during the game against Oldham, Aidan White cut short his loan spell to return to Leeds for treatment. United's unbeaten run did not last into the new year, as despite leading 1–0 at half time, they were beaten 2–1 away at Walsall. As January began Aaron Barry returned from a successful loan spell at Dumbarton having played over 20 times for the Sons, before United knocked Premiership side Aston Villa out of the FA Cup following a 2–1 third round at Villa Park. The following week saw a flurry of arrivals and departures as Elliott Whitehouse returned from his loan spell at York City, whilst Joe Ironside returned from Halifax Town, Callum McFadzean returned from Chesterfield and youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a months loan. Conor Coady then extended his loan with United until the end of February, and Darryl Westlake extended his loan with Mansfield Town until the end of the season. The following day Malachy Brannigan was unveiled as the club's new managing director, reuniting with Nigel Clough, with whom he had worked at Derby County. The week concluded with United signing Billy Paynter on loan for the rest of the season from South Yorkshire rivals Doncaster Rovers, whilst Marcus Williams left permanently for Scunthorpe United on a free transfer, and Sean McGinty joined Northampton Town on a months loan. For the second league fixture in a row United let a lead slip to lose 2–1 at Notts County, and then as Nigel Clough continued to revamp the squad, Febian Brandy was allowed to rejoin Walsall on loan for the remainder of the season, only six months after leaving the West Midlands club, and Florent Cuvelier joined Port Vale for a similar period. In their next match, United drew 2–2 at home with Yorkshire rivals Bradford City despite having held a two-goal lead at half time. 24 January saw United make a number of signings, bringing in John Brayford on loan for the remainder of the season from Cardiff City, signing Stefan Scougall from Livingston for an undisclosed fee, and agreeing a loan-swap deal with Blackpool that saw Bob Harris sign for a month with United, with Tony McMahon moving in the opposite direction. In the fifth round of the FA Cup United held Premier League Fulham to a 1–1 draw at Bramall Lane, despite being reduced to ten men for most of the second half following Michael Doyle's red card. On 30 January, McMahon agreed a permanent switch to Blackpool, after the west-coast club decided to take up the remainder of his contract. The following day, in the final hours of the transfer window, United agreed a similar deal with Bob Harris, taking over the remainder of his contract from his former club.

Paragraph 23: Robert Greenwald (born August 28, 1945) is an American filmmaker, and the founder of Brave New Films, a nonprofit film and advocacy organization whose work is distributed for free in concert with nonprofit partners and movements in order to educate and mobilize for progressive causes. With Brave New Films, Greenwald has made investigative documentaries such as Uncovered: The War on Iraq (2004), Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism (2004), Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price (2005), Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers (2006), Rethink Afghanistan (2009), Koch Brothers Exposed (2012), and War on Whistleblowers (2013), Suppressed 2020: The Fight to Vote (2020), Suppressed and Sabotaged: The Fight to Vote (2022), Beyond Bars: A Son's Fight for Justice (2022) as well as many short investigative films and internet videos.

Paragraph 24: The Supreme Court of Canada had issued a similar decision in Monsanto Canada Inc. v. Schmeiser (2004). That case concerned Percy Schmeiser, who claimed to have discovered that some canola growing on his farm in 1997 was Roundup resistant. Schmeiser harvested the seed from the Roundup resistant plants, and planted the seed in 1998. Monsanto sued Schmeiser for patent infringement for the 1998 planting. Schmeiser claimed that because the 1997 plants grew from seed that was pollinated with pollen blown into his field from neighboring fields, he owned the harvest and was entitled to do with it whatever he wished, including saving the seeds from the 1997 harvest and planting them in 1998. The initial Canadian Federal Court rejected Schmeiser's defense and held for Monsanto, finding that in 1998 Schmeiser had intentionally planted the seeds he had harvested from the wind-seeded crops in 1997, and so patent infringement had indeed occurred. Schmeiser appealed and lost again. Schmeiser appealed to the Supreme Court which took the case and held for Monsanto by a 5‑4 vote in late May 2004. Schmeiser won a partial victory, as the Supreme Court reversed on damages, finding that because Schmeiser did not gain any profit from the infringement, he did not owe Monsanto any damages nor did he have to pay Monsanto's substantial legal bills. The case caused Monsanto's enforcement tactics to be highlighted in the media over the years it took to play out. The case is widely cited or referenced by the anti-GM community in the context of a fear of a company claiming ownership of a farmer’s crop based on the inadvertent presence of GM pollen grain or seed. "The court record shows, however, that it was not just a few seeds from a passing truck, but that Mr Schmeiser was growing a crop of 95–98% pure Roundup Ready plants, a commercial level of purity far higher than one would expect from inadvertent or accidental presence. The judge could not account for how a few wayward seeds or pollen grains could come to dominate hundreds of acres without Mr Schmeiser’s active participation, saying ‘...none of the suggested sources could reasonably explain the concentration or extent of Roundup Ready canola of a commercial quality evident from the results of tests on Schmeiser’s crop’" – in other words, the original presence of Monsanto seed on his land in 1997 was indeed inadvertent, but the crop in 1998 was entirely purposeful.

Paragraph 25: St. Mary's Indian Residential School was the name of two Indian residential schools in Mission, British Columbia. It was first operated by the Roman Catholic Church of Canada and secondly by the Canadian federal government. The school had approximately 2000 children in attendance with most of them Stó꞉lō. Opened in 1863 as a school of boys housing 42 students its first year a girls section was operated in the main site in 1868, but was separated and operated by the Sisters of St. Ann. They later on moved in 1882 so that construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway could take place. The boys and girls lived separately, things made available for example dining hall, laundry, bakery and classrooms. There was emphasis on the  catechism of the Roman Catholic Church and academics. Later, there was a shift to agriculture and industrial vocations including woodworking, attending mass, ironing and sewing. Parents who were able, were allowed to visit and some camped around school area. Students were given permission to visit the city of Mission until 1948. On arrival at the school students were assigned lockers, beds and dormitory. They were also checked for lice and given two sets of clothes to be worn and marked.

Paragraph 26: In New York City, 1934, jazz singer Dot Clark and her shady gangster boyfriend, Louie The Lug ("An Earful of Music"), are introduced. After having an affair with the deceased Professor Edward Wilson, Dot is now technically his common-law wife and heiress to $77 million. She has to go to Egypt to claim the money, and sets off with Louie in hopes of getting the cash. Former assistant to Edward Wilson, Gerald Lane, informs the law offices of Benton, Loring, and Slade of Professor Wilson's death and the fact that Edward's son, Eddie Wilson, Jr, is the rightful heir to the money. Mr. Slade, the lawyer, goes to a barge in Brooklyn where Eddie is living with his adopted father, Pops, an old stevedore, and his three sons, Oscar, Adolph, and Herman, who roughhouse Eddie. However, Eddie is managing to live a nice life nonetheless, with his girlfriend, Nora 'Toots', and his care for all the kids on the barge. He dreams of the day when he will have enough money to live his own life outside of the dirty barge ("When My Ship Comes In"). Moments later, Eddie is informed that he has inherited the $77 million and boards a ship bound for Egypt to claim the money. Aboard the ship is Colonel Henry Larrabee, a gentleman from Virginia who sponsored Eddie, Sr's exploration endeavors and wants a share of the money, as well. Eddie befriends his beautiful niece, Joan, and Dot and Louie realize that they are not the only ones traveling to Egypt. In an elaborate scheme to trick Eddie into signing over the inheritance, Dot disguises herself as Eddie's mother and almost succeeds in duping him, but Louie ruins the plan at the last minute. Meanwhile, Gerald Lane has boarded the ship and he is revealed to be in love with Joan Larrabee.

Paragraph 27: In New York City, 1934, jazz singer Dot Clark and her shady gangster boyfriend, Louie The Lug ("An Earful of Music"), are introduced. After having an affair with the deceased Professor Edward Wilson, Dot is now technically his common-law wife and heiress to $77 million. She has to go to Egypt to claim the money, and sets off with Louie in hopes of getting the cash. Former assistant to Edward Wilson, Gerald Lane, informs the law offices of Benton, Loring, and Slade of Professor Wilson's death and the fact that Edward's son, Eddie Wilson, Jr, is the rightful heir to the money. Mr. Slade, the lawyer, goes to a barge in Brooklyn where Eddie is living with his adopted father, Pops, an old stevedore, and his three sons, Oscar, Adolph, and Herman, who roughhouse Eddie. However, Eddie is managing to live a nice life nonetheless, with his girlfriend, Nora 'Toots', and his care for all the kids on the barge. He dreams of the day when he will have enough money to live his own life outside of the dirty barge ("When My Ship Comes In"). Moments later, Eddie is informed that he has inherited the $77 million and boards a ship bound for Egypt to claim the money. Aboard the ship is Colonel Henry Larrabee, a gentleman from Virginia who sponsored Eddie, Sr's exploration endeavors and wants a share of the money, as well. Eddie befriends his beautiful niece, Joan, and Dot and Louie realize that they are not the only ones traveling to Egypt. In an elaborate scheme to trick Eddie into signing over the inheritance, Dot disguises herself as Eddie's mother and almost succeeds in duping him, but Louie ruins the plan at the last minute. Meanwhile, Gerald Lane has boarded the ship and he is revealed to be in love with Joan Larrabee.

Paragraph 28: Steerpike, despite his position of authority, is in reality a dangerous traitor to Gormenghast who seeks to eventually wield ultimate power in the castle. To this end, he kills Barquentine so that he can replace him and so advance in power. Although he is successful in his murder of Barquentine, the old master of ritual put up such a severe struggle that Steerpike is severely injured in the process, suffering extensive burns and almost drowning. As Steerpike lies recovering in a delirious state from his ordeal, he cries out the words And the twins will make it five. This is overheard by the castle's doctor, Dr Prunesquallor, who is greatly disturbed to hear it. Although the reader is not told this explicitly, Steerpike's words are a clear reference to the number of people he has killed. The reference to the twins is to the aunts of Titus, the twin sisters Ladies Cora and Clarice. Steerpike has effectively been holding them captive in a remote and abandoned part of the castle, and they are utterly dependent on him for food and drink. Due to Steerpike's prolonged recovery he is unable to supply them (and at some level Steerpike is aware of this, even in his delirium), and by the time he has recovered he believes them to have probably already died of thirst and starvation, though in fact they die a few days later.

Paragraph 29: In Akita Prefecture, authorities reported that twelve houses were damaged in Akita City while eight homes were damaged in Yokote, and there were two landslides. Passing over Shizuoka Prefecture with most of its former intensity, 8 roads were closed and 28 homes were damaged. A total of  of rice as well as  of vegetables were damaged, along with three agricultural facilities. Damage was estimated at 243.1 million yen ($1.68 million USD), but the extent was limited by the storm's fast forward motion. A 54-year-old hotel owner broke a rib when gusty winds toppled a seaside structure in Shizuoka. In Fukushima Prefecture, seven homes were damaged in four towns, thirty-nine roads were closed, of which two were national highways. A total of 1,350 households lost power, and power lines downed several trees. The towns of Nakakura and Yazukado suffered flooding. One person was killed in Toyama Prefecture. A landslide closed two roads in Kmoagane in Nagano Prefecture. Throughout the prefecture, 18 dwellings sustained damage and 68 trains were cancelled or delayed, resulting in 49,000 stranded travelers. In Tochigi Prefecture, 141 houses, 266 roads, 284 communication lines, and 6 bridges received damage, while 10 homes were damaged and 23 landslides occurred. River embankments were breached in 710 locations while  of arable land was damaged, totaling 89.5 million yen ($617,000 USD). Damage there totaled to 1.32 billion yen ($9.1 million USD) and one person was hurt. In Gunma Prefecture, 26 structures, 35 roads, and  of farmland were damaged. Prefecturewide, Winona inflicted 390.8 million yen ($2.7 million USD) in damage. Along coastal areas of Saitama Prefecture, 60 houses were damaged,  of crops were damaged, 30 traffic accidents occurred, and five landslides were reported. In Ibaraki Prefecture, the storm dropped heavy rainfall, which resulted in four downed power lines, while one individual was injured. Damage in Yamanashi Prefecture totaled 6.62 billion yen ($45.7 million USD), including 4.80 billion yen ($33.1 million USD) in property damage. To the southeast of Tokyo, in Chiba Prefecture, 35 dwellings were damaged, and damage amounted to 3 million yen ($20,000 USD). Two people were hurt, a 56-year-old fractured his leg and a 78-year-old female fell due to strong winds, six embankments were breached, and thirty-two roads sustained damage. In Shizuoka Prefecture, the prefecture where the storm moved onshore, the heavy rainfall damaged 541 homes, destroyed 55 others, and triggered 13 landslides, which resulted in 12 damaged roads and 21 people homeless. The capital city of Tokyo was lashed with strong winds and heavy rain for several hours, with damage estimated at 34.9 million yen ($241,000 USD). Seven reservoirs in Tokyo received more than  of water; the reservoirs reached 36% capacity, which prompted officials to lift restrictions on water use that were enacted following a drought. Ten homes were flooded and damage totaled 128.5 million yen ($886,000 USD) in Kanagawa Prefecture. Seven people were wounded, mostly due to gusty winds. The cyclone forced the first two days of the Karuizawa 72 Tokyu Ladies Open to be shortened.

Paragraph 30: St. Mary's Indian Residential School was the name of two Indian residential schools in Mission, British Columbia. It was first operated by the Roman Catholic Church of Canada and secondly by the Canadian federal government. The school had approximately 2000 children in attendance with most of them Stó꞉lō. Opened in 1863 as a school of boys housing 42 students its first year a girls section was operated in the main site in 1868, but was separated and operated by the Sisters of St. Ann. They later on moved in 1882 so that construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway could take place. The boys and girls lived separately, things made available for example dining hall, laundry, bakery and classrooms. There was emphasis on the  catechism of the Roman Catholic Church and academics. Later, there was a shift to agriculture and industrial vocations including woodworking, attending mass, ironing and sewing. Parents who were able, were allowed to visit and some camped around school area. Students were given permission to visit the city of Mission until 1948. On arrival at the school students were assigned lockers, beds and dormitory. They were also checked for lice and given two sets of clothes to be worn and marked.

Paragraph 31: After the county leaders found that the second guildhall was actually too small, the current and third guildhall, designed by J. S. Gibson in what Pevsner called an "art nouveau gothic" style, was built between 1906 and 1913. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage of nine bays facing Parliament Square; the central section of three bays which slightly projected forwards, featured an ornate arched doorway with a segmental arched window spanning the first and second floors and a tower above. A 17th century door, which had originally been part of the Tothill Fields Bridewell prison, was installed in the basement of the building. The building was decorated with medieval-style gargoyles and other architectural sculptures by Henry Charles Fehr.

Paragraph 32: Even before the NBR had obtained its Act authorising the acquisition of the E&DR, John Learmonth had instructed John Miller to carry out a flying survey of the territory to the south of Dalkeith for a potential line to Kelso which would connect with a branch from Berwick. The scheme, which would see a  line from the E&DR's terminus at Dalhousie Mains to Hawick, was discussed at a shareholders' meeting on 19 December 1844 where it drew criticism for being nearly as long as the NBR's Berwick line. Learmonth described the line as a "protective" one to guard against incursions by the NBR's Glasgow-based rival, the Caledonian Railway, and stated that there was no intention of extending it further to Carlisle. The proposal having been carried by a substantial majority, the Act authorising the line was obtained on 21 July 1845 with the incorporation of the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway. Although nominally independent, the company had £400,000 of its capital subscribed by NBR directors and the shares, each bearing a 4% guarantee, were to be transferred to NBR shareholders after incorporation. A special shareholders' meeting on 18 August 1845 authorised a further £400,000 to be raised which would be used to buy out the Edinburgh and Hawick company. At the same time, Learmonth revealed that it was in fact intended to continue to Carlisle.

Paragraph 33: Robert Greenwald (born August 28, 1945) is an American filmmaker, and the founder of Brave New Films, a nonprofit film and advocacy organization whose work is distributed for free in concert with nonprofit partners and movements in order to educate and mobilize for progressive causes. With Brave New Films, Greenwald has made investigative documentaries such as Uncovered: The War on Iraq (2004), Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism (2004), Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price (2005), Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers (2006), Rethink Afghanistan (2009), Koch Brothers Exposed (2012), and War on Whistleblowers (2013), Suppressed 2020: The Fight to Vote (2020), Suppressed and Sabotaged: The Fight to Vote (2022), Beyond Bars: A Son's Fight for Justice (2022) as well as many short investigative films and internet videos.

Paragraph 34: The Supreme Court of Canada had issued a similar decision in Monsanto Canada Inc. v. Schmeiser (2004). That case concerned Percy Schmeiser, who claimed to have discovered that some canola growing on his farm in 1997 was Roundup resistant. Schmeiser harvested the seed from the Roundup resistant plants, and planted the seed in 1998. Monsanto sued Schmeiser for patent infringement for the 1998 planting. Schmeiser claimed that because the 1997 plants grew from seed that was pollinated with pollen blown into his field from neighboring fields, he owned the harvest and was entitled to do with it whatever he wished, including saving the seeds from the 1997 harvest and planting them in 1998. The initial Canadian Federal Court rejected Schmeiser's defense and held for Monsanto, finding that in 1998 Schmeiser had intentionally planted the seeds he had harvested from the wind-seeded crops in 1997, and so patent infringement had indeed occurred. Schmeiser appealed and lost again. Schmeiser appealed to the Supreme Court which took the case and held for Monsanto by a 5‑4 vote in late May 2004. Schmeiser won a partial victory, as the Supreme Court reversed on damages, finding that because Schmeiser did not gain any profit from the infringement, he did not owe Monsanto any damages nor did he have to pay Monsanto's substantial legal bills. The case caused Monsanto's enforcement tactics to be highlighted in the media over the years it took to play out. The case is widely cited or referenced by the anti-GM community in the context of a fear of a company claiming ownership of a farmer’s crop based on the inadvertent presence of GM pollen grain or seed. "The court record shows, however, that it was not just a few seeds from a passing truck, but that Mr Schmeiser was growing a crop of 95–98% pure Roundup Ready plants, a commercial level of purity far higher than one would expect from inadvertent or accidental presence. The judge could not account for how a few wayward seeds or pollen grains could come to dominate hundreds of acres without Mr Schmeiser’s active participation, saying ‘...none of the suggested sources could reasonably explain the concentration or extent of Roundup Ready canola of a commercial quality evident from the results of tests on Schmeiser’s crop’" – in other words, the original presence of Monsanto seed on his land in 1997 was indeed inadvertent, but the crop in 1998 was entirely purposeful.

Paragraph 35: Another innovation during the 1970s was the application of all-over adverts on tramcars to increase earnings. Advertising on Blackpool tramcars first appeared on the Conduit cars in the early years of the tramway, with upper deck decency panels utilised for this purpose. Some trams such as the Blackpool and Fleetwood Racks and Boxes had side panels fitted to the roof for advertising purposes. Various trams have since had adverts applied on the cab-ends and sides upon their liveries. In 1965, Coronation tram No. 310 was fitted with illuminated advert panels at the cab ends on the roof. This was followed by larger rectangular boxes in the 1960s on various Coronations, English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches and OMO trams and remained a feature on some of them until the mid-1990s. In 2010, Brush Railcoach tram No. 632 had new advertising boxes fitted to recreate this feature. All-over adverts first appeared in 1975. Balloon tram No. 707 was the first tram to carry an all-over advert for Empire Pools. Brush Railcoach tram No. 622 was the first single-deck tram to carry an all-over advert for Blackpool Zoo in 1975. The English Electric Railcoaches, Brush Railcoaches, OMO trams and Centenary trams which carried adverts had their towers panelled over to provide more space for advertising. Various all-over adverts have since appeared on several tramcars.

Paragraph 36: After the county leaders found that the second guildhall was actually too small, the current and third guildhall, designed by J. S. Gibson in what Pevsner called an "art nouveau gothic" style, was built between 1906 and 1913. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage of nine bays facing Parliament Square; the central section of three bays which slightly projected forwards, featured an ornate arched doorway with a segmental arched window spanning the first and second floors and a tower above. A 17th century door, which had originally been part of the Tothill Fields Bridewell prison, was installed in the basement of the building. The building was decorated with medieval-style gargoyles and other architectural sculptures by Henry Charles Fehr.

Paragraph 37:  With the winter transfer window due to open, United opted to allow striker Lyle Taylor to join Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle for the remainder of the season. Taylor was quickly followed by fellow striker Marlon King whose short-term contract was terminated at the end of the year. Youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a youth loan. Having picked up an injury during the game against Oldham, Aidan White cut short his loan spell to return to Leeds for treatment. United's unbeaten run did not last into the new year, as despite leading 1–0 at half time, they were beaten 2–1 away at Walsall. As January began Aaron Barry returned from a successful loan spell at Dumbarton having played over 20 times for the Sons, before United knocked Premiership side Aston Villa out of the FA Cup following a 2–1 third round at Villa Park. The following week saw a flurry of arrivals and departures as Elliott Whitehouse returned from his loan spell at York City, whilst Joe Ironside returned from Halifax Town, Callum McFadzean returned from Chesterfield and youngster Jahmal Smith joined Harrogate Town on a months loan. Conor Coady then extended his loan with United until the end of February, and Darryl Westlake extended his loan with Mansfield Town until the end of the season. The following day Malachy Brannigan was unveiled as the club's new managing director, reuniting with Nigel Clough, with whom he had worked at Derby County. The week concluded with United signing Billy Paynter on loan for the rest of the season from South Yorkshire rivals Doncaster Rovers, whilst Marcus Williams left permanently for Scunthorpe United on a free transfer, and Sean McGinty joined Northampton Town on a months loan. For the second league fixture in a row United let a lead slip to lose 2–1 at Notts County, and then as Nigel Clough continued to revamp the squad, Febian Brandy was allowed to rejoin Walsall on loan for the remainder of the season, only six months after leaving the West Midlands club, and Florent Cuvelier joined Port Vale for a similar period. In their next match, United drew 2–2 at home with Yorkshire rivals Bradford City despite having held a two-goal lead at half time. 24 January saw United make a number of signings, bringing in John Brayford on loan for the remainder of the season from Cardiff City, signing Stefan Scougall from Livingston for an undisclosed fee, and agreeing a loan-swap deal with Blackpool that saw Bob Harris sign for a month with United, with Tony McMahon moving in the opposite direction. In the fifth round of the FA Cup United held Premier League Fulham to a 1–1 draw at Bramall Lane, despite being reduced to ten men for most of the second half following Michael Doyle's red card. On 30 January, McMahon agreed a permanent switch to Blackpool, after the west-coast club decided to take up the remainder of his contract. The following day, in the final hours of the transfer window, United agreed a similar deal with Bob Harris, taking over the remainder of his contract from his former club.