Paragraph 1: Head shape is circular with posterior margin flat to feebly concave medially in full-face view. Antenna is 11-segmented with apical three segments forming a distinct club. Antennal insertion is surrounded by a raised and unbroken lamella. Frontal carina is distinct and extends just past the level of the posterior eye margin. Weak median carina, approximately same length as terminal antennal segment, extending posteriorly from between antennal insertions and transitioning into a weak median groove that terminates near eye level. Frontal lobe is weakly expanded as a thin lamella. Eye moderate-sized, approximately same size as antennal socket, 3–4 facets along longest diameter. Clypeus is flat and unsculptured. Median part of clypeus shield-like, projecting posteriorly between the bases of the antennae. Anterior clypeal margin tridentate with a median tooth and two lateral teeth; the median tooth similar in size or slightly smaller than the others. Ventral surface of clypeus smooth, lacking a transverse ruga. Lateral portions of clypeus anterior to antennal insertions reduced to a narrow margin. Mandibles mostly smooth with a few weak striae. Masticatory margin of mandible lacking a diastema and possessing four teeth. The third tooth, counting from the apex, is the smallest. A strongly prominent tooth present about midway on the basal margin of mandible. Anterior portion of dorsal labrum with two tooth-like prominences. Palp formula 1, 3. Dorsum of mesosoma in profile view evenly arched, broken only by a weak impression separating the mesonotum from the propodeum. Pronotum unarmed; indistinct obtuse humeral angle. Propodeum armed with pair of small but distinct acute denticles to entirely unarmed. Propodeal lobes triangular, obtusely rounded. Fore tibial spur pectinate. Middle and hind tibiae lacking spurs. Petiole node in profile is high, taller than long, with anterior face weakly convex, dorsal face flat to weakly convex, and posterior faces weakly convex to weakly concave. Petiolar peduncle tapering broadly into petiolar node and approximately as long as petiolar node. Postpetiole in profile as tall or occasionally taller than petiole, approximately two times as tall as long; anterior face sloping evenly into dorsal face and junction of posterior face and dorsal face more angular. Dorsum of head covered with scattered to abundant weakly impressed foveae. Dorsum of mesosoma smooth and shining. Petiole and postpetiole are smooth and shining, each with a weak lateral longitudinal carina on both sides. Gaster unsculptured. Dorsal surface of head with numerous erect to suberect long hairs originating from center of foveolae. Mesosoma with 4–5 pairs of long erect hairs. Petiolar peduncle with one pair of erect hairs. Petiolar and postpetiolar nodes each with one pair of posteriorly projecting erect hairs. First gastral segment with 1–3 pairs of erect hairs on anterior third. Scape and tibia with numerous erect to suberect hairs. All surfaces are shiny, polished yellowish brown to reddish brown.

Paragraph 2: Turk had for some time been leading a faction within the Communist Party that demanded a more positive view of Arab nationalism, in opposition to Secretary-General Khalid Bakdash, who ruled the party with an iron fist. In 1972, Bakdash decided to merge the party into the National Progressive Front, a coalition of organizations allied with the ruling Arab Baath Socialist Party. Along with supporters on the radical wing of the party, Turk formed the Syrian Communist Party (Political Bureau), consolidating a split that had been apparent since the late 1960s. The SCP-Political Bureau initially negotiated with the government for terms of legalization and membership in the Front. However, it later took a strong opposition stance, especially from 1976 on after the Syrian intervention in favour of the Maronites right-wing government in the Lebanese Civil War. This led to repression of the party, which was stepped up at the beginning of the 1980s when the Hafez al-Assad government felt itself under increasing pressure from both Islamists and the secular opposition. Al-Turk was arrested and imprisoned on 28 October 1980 and held under very difficult conditions for almost 18 years. He spent most of this period in solitary confinement and suffering regular torture. Based on interviews with al-Turk journalist Robin Wright reports he was "locked way in a windowless underground cell, about the length of his body or the size of a small elevator compartment, at an intelligence headquarters." Al-Turk was "never allowed out of his cell to exercise. Until the final months, he was not allowed a book, newspaper, mail or anything else to keep his mind occupied." For the first thirteen years of his imprisonment he was allowed no communication from, or information about, his friends and family, including his two young daughters. His "only activity was being allowed three times a day to go to a shared toilet." He was never allowed to use it when other prisoners were there but did scrounge the toilet bin for discarded clothing as his own clothing was worn out.  One of his few diversions was collecting grains of dark cereal he found in the thin soup he was served in the evening and using the grains to create pictures in his cell.  He suffered considerable ill-health, including diabetes for which he was refused treatment. He was released on 30 May 1998.

Paragraph 3: Taylor rushed for 1,314 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns over his LSU career, and led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in scoring in 1956 and 1957. "With the ball under his arm, Jimmy Taylor was the best running back I've ever coached," said Dietzel. "He was just so versatile." After spending the first half of his junior season learning the offense, Taylor scored 51 points in the team's final five games of 1956. As a senior in 1957, he shared the backfield with future Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon, a combination that accounted for over 1,500 yards from scrimmage and 17 touchdowns that season. Against Texas Tech, due to the Red Raiders' focus on containing Taylor, Cannon had one of the most productive games of his career. The following week, Taylor scored three touchdowns in LSU's 20–13 upset of a  Georgia Tech team whose focus was on stopping Cannon. In his final college game, Taylor carried 17 times for 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 35–6 victory over in-state rival Tulane. He was selected as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and earned first-team All-SEC honors from the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UPI). After the season, he played in the Senior Bowl and was named the game's most valuable player.

Paragraph 4: Turk had for some time been leading a faction within the Communist Party that demanded a more positive view of Arab nationalism, in opposition to Secretary-General Khalid Bakdash, who ruled the party with an iron fist. In 1972, Bakdash decided to merge the party into the National Progressive Front, a coalition of organizations allied with the ruling Arab Baath Socialist Party. Along with supporters on the radical wing of the party, Turk formed the Syrian Communist Party (Political Bureau), consolidating a split that had been apparent since the late 1960s. The SCP-Political Bureau initially negotiated with the government for terms of legalization and membership in the Front. However, it later took a strong opposition stance, especially from 1976 on after the Syrian intervention in favour of the Maronites right-wing government in the Lebanese Civil War. This led to repression of the party, which was stepped up at the beginning of the 1980s when the Hafez al-Assad government felt itself under increasing pressure from both Islamists and the secular opposition. Al-Turk was arrested and imprisoned on 28 October 1980 and held under very difficult conditions for almost 18 years. He spent most of this period in solitary confinement and suffering regular torture. Based on interviews with al-Turk journalist Robin Wright reports he was "locked way in a windowless underground cell, about the length of his body or the size of a small elevator compartment, at an intelligence headquarters." Al-Turk was "never allowed out of his cell to exercise. Until the final months, he was not allowed a book, newspaper, mail or anything else to keep his mind occupied." For the first thirteen years of his imprisonment he was allowed no communication from, or information about, his friends and family, including his two young daughters. His "only activity was being allowed three times a day to go to a shared toilet." He was never allowed to use it when other prisoners were there but did scrounge the toilet bin for discarded clothing as his own clothing was worn out.  One of his few diversions was collecting grains of dark cereal he found in the thin soup he was served in the evening and using the grains to create pictures in his cell.  He suffered considerable ill-health, including diabetes for which he was refused treatment. He was released on 30 May 1998.

Paragraph 5: TLV mirrors are circular. At their centers is a circular boss inset on a square panel. According to Schuyler Camman, the design of TLV mirrors was cosmologically significant. The V shapes served to give the inner square the appearance of being placed in the middle of a cross. This forms an illustration of the Chinese idea of the five directions – North, South, West, East and Center. The central square represents China as the ‘Middle Kingdom.’ The area in between the central square and the circle represented the ‘Four Seas.’ During the Han Dynasty the ‘Four Seas’ represented territories outside China, and did not literally refer to water. The central square within the round mirror likely alludes to the ancient Chinese idea that heaven was round and earth was square.  The Ts represented the concept of the ‘Four Gates of the Middle Kingdom,’ an idea present in Chinese literature. They could have also represented the idea of the four inner gates of the Han place of sacrifice, or the gates of the imperial tombs built during the Han period.  The Ls possibly symbolized the marshes and swamps beyond the ‘Four Seas,’ at the ends of the earth. The bending of the Ls could possibly have served to create a rotating effect which symbolized the four seasons, which were very closely related to the cardinal directions. The nine nipples in the central square likely represented the ‘nine regions of the earth as discussed by Cammann as having come from the Shiji. The eight nipples outside of the central square were most likely a representations of the Eight Pillars, mountains that held up the canopy of heaven. The area between the inner round border and the outer rim of the mirror was often filled with swirls that represented the clouds in heaven.

Paragraph 6: The RPCUS began when Chalcedon Presbyterian Church in north Atlanta, Georgia left he Presbyterian Church in America in 1983. Chalcedon had set requirements that its elders adhere to both theonomy and postmillennialism; however, groups within the PCA's North Georgia Presbytery complained that the church was being too strict in its requirements and that it was "going beyond the Westminster Confession." While the complaint was dismissed, Chalcedon sought to become secure in its position. They inquired into the Orthodox Presbyterian Church, but found that they had not yet settled on how to handle theonomy, so they formed their own denomination. Chalcedon had begun only nine years earlier under the leadership of Joe Morecraft. After Morecraft ran for Congress in Georgia' s 7th District in 1986, losing in the general election to incumbent Democrat George Darden, the denomination saw some growth in the Atlanta area. The church was joined in 1987 by Covenant Presbyterian Church, which grew out of a Reformed Bible study group held in Buford, Georgia. The study group had been partially under the headship of the Rev. Wayne Rogers; however, it would soon be led by Rev. Christopher B. Strevel. The denomination eventually had four presbyteries: Covenant Presbytery (based in Atlanta), Hanover Presbytery, Western Presbytery, and Westminster Presbytery. One church split from the RPCUS in 1990 over concerns of the regulative principle of worship—believing only psalms were acceptable in worship. The next year, Western and Westminster Presbyteries chose to depart and merge, forming the Reformed Presbyterian Church General Assembly and the Hanover Presbytery also left on its own to form the Reformed Presbyterian Church – Hanover Presbytery. The split was due, in part, to the RPCUS's failure to establish and maintain a system of church discipline and inability to finalize on a constitution. Only Covenant Presbytery remained; however, it would continue to grow, particularly in the Southern US. By 2003, the presbytery had 6 churches and 2 mission churches.

Paragraph 7: In 1921, Tashman made her film debut playing Pleasure in an allegorical segment of Experience, and when The Gold Diggers closed she appeared in the plays The Garden of Weeds and Madame Pierre. In 1922, she had a small role in the Mabel Normand film Head Over Heels. Her personal and professional lives in 1922 were not entirely satisfactory (best friend Edmund Lowe moved to Hollywood, for example, and she was fired from Madame Pierre), so she relocated to California and quickly found work in films. In 1924, she appeared in five films (including a cinematic adaptation of The Garden of Weeds) and received good reviews for Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model and Winner Take All. She freelanced, moving from studio to studio, but signed a long-term contract in 1931 with Paramount. She made nine films for the studio.

Paragraph 8: Major League Soccer (MLS) is the premier soccer league in the United States. The league's predecessor was the major professional North American Soccer League (NASL), which existed from 1968 until 1984. As of its 2023 season, MLS has 29 clubs (26 from the U.S. and 3 from Canada). The 34-game schedule runs from mid-March to late October, with the playoffs and championship in November. Soccer-specific stadiums continue to be built for MLS teams around the country, both because football stadiums are considered to have excessive capacity, and because teams profit from operating their stadiums. With an average attendance of over 21,000 per game (prior to COVID-19), MLS has the third-highest average attendance of any sports league in the U.S. after the National Football League (NFL) and Major League Baseball (MLB), and is the ninth-highest attended professional soccer league worldwide. Other professional men's soccer leagues in the U.S. include the current second division, the USL Championship (USLC), and three third-level leagues: USL League One (USL1), which launched in 2019 under the auspices of the USLC's operator, the United Soccer League; the National Independent Soccer Association (NISA), which also started in 2019; and MLS Next Pro, launched by MLS in 2022 as the effective replacement for its former reserve league. Another competition, the second North American Soccer League, had been the second-level league until being demoted in 2018 due to instability, and soon effectively folded. For several years in the 2010s, the USL organization had a formal relationship with MLS, and a number of its teams (both in the Championship and League One) have been either owned by or affiliated with MLS sides, but most U.S.-based MLS teams moved their reserve sides into Next Pro in 2022, and the only U.S.-based MLS side that will not field a Next Pro team in 2023 is D.C. United.

Paragraph 9: Taylor rushed for 1,314 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns over his LSU career, and led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in scoring in 1956 and 1957. "With the ball under his arm, Jimmy Taylor was the best running back I've ever coached," said Dietzel. "He was just so versatile." After spending the first half of his junior season learning the offense, Taylor scored 51 points in the team's final five games of 1956. As a senior in 1957, he shared the backfield with future Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon, a combination that accounted for over 1,500 yards from scrimmage and 17 touchdowns that season. Against Texas Tech, due to the Red Raiders' focus on containing Taylor, Cannon had one of the most productive games of his career. The following week, Taylor scored three touchdowns in LSU's 20–13 upset of a  Georgia Tech team whose focus was on stopping Cannon. In his final college game, Taylor carried 17 times for 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 35–6 victory over in-state rival Tulane. He was selected as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and earned first-team All-SEC honors from the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UPI). After the season, he played in the Senior Bowl and was named the game's most valuable player.

Paragraph 10: The game incorporates three main game modes: Puzzle, in which players must clear a puzzle board using a limited selection of specific blocks; Wipeout, in which players have a two minute time limit to clear all blocks from the grid; and Marathon, in which the available grid space is slowly restricted while players attempt to achieve the highest score possible. Each mode has four difficulty levels, ranging from "Easy" to "Special", with each difficulty unlocked after clearing the previous one. Players are awarded a trophy for each successfully completed difficulty level. Upon completing all four difficulties in Puzzle mode, a fourth game type is unlocked called "Max the Mystical Mouse's Muddle", in which players must clear rectangles of specific sizes as provided by the eponymous Max.

Paragraph 11: The 2002–03 season saw Hall saw him shine as he was part of a defence as a first team regular. Hall helped the club keep four clean sheets in four matches between 13 August 2002 and 26 August 2002 despite being sent–off in a 0–0 draw against Brentford on 17 August 2002.  His performance led manager Dowie to praise his performance on being "comfortable on the ball and quick in the tackle." After serving a one match suspension, he returned to the starting line–up against Notts County on 7 September 2002, winning 3–1. Hall, once again, helped Oldham Athletic keep three clean sheets in the next four matches between 17 September 2002 and 5 October 2002, in which he missed a match against Swindon Town. Hall then scored his first goal for the club against Stockport County on 2 November 2002. Two weeks later on 16 November 2002, he scored his second goal for Oldham Athletic, in 2–2 draw against Burton Albion in the first round of the FA Cup. His performance saw him being awarded November's Player of the Month in the second division. A month later on 21 December 2002, Hall scored his second goal, in a 1–0 win against Chesterfield. His next goal for Oldham Athletic came on 14 January 2003 against Brentford, in a 2–1 win, Five days later on 19 January 2003, he signed a new deal, which would have kept him at the club until 2005, Six days later on 26 January 2003, however, Hall received a straight red card in the 28th minute for a foul on Steve Jones, in a 3–1 loss. After serving a two–match suspension, Hall returned to the starting line–up against Notts County and helped the club draw 1–1 on 22 February 2003. This was followed by scoring his fifth goal for Oldham Athletic, in a 1–0 win against Mansfield Town. Despite being further sidelined with a toe injury that saw him miss two matches, he continued to remain as a first team regular for the rest of the 2002–03 season, as the club reached the play–offs and proved to be only the second best to league champions Wigan Athletic. Hall played in both legs against Queens Park Rangers, as Oldham Athletic lost 2–1 on aggregate. At the end of the 2003–04 season, he went on to make fifty appearances and scoring five times in all competitions. For his performance, Hall was named in the PFA Team of the Year.

Paragraph 12: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 13: In 1921, Tashman made her film debut playing Pleasure in an allegorical segment of Experience, and when The Gold Diggers closed she appeared in the plays The Garden of Weeds and Madame Pierre. In 1922, she had a small role in the Mabel Normand film Head Over Heels. Her personal and professional lives in 1922 were not entirely satisfactory (best friend Edmund Lowe moved to Hollywood, for example, and she was fired from Madame Pierre), so she relocated to California and quickly found work in films. In 1924, she appeared in five films (including a cinematic adaptation of The Garden of Weeds) and received good reviews for Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model and Winner Take All. She freelanced, moving from studio to studio, but signed a long-term contract in 1931 with Paramount. She made nine films for the studio.

Paragraph 14: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 15: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 16: Diaz was assigned to Short-Season Auburn, where in 73 games as the team's shortstop, he hit .200 with 1 HR, 26 RBI and 34 runs. In 2007, he played with Single-A Lansing, where in 120 games, he hit .246 with 1 HR, 51 RBI, 65 runs and a league-leading 82 walks. His .406 was third in the league behind Chris Pettit (.429) and Deik Scram (.416). Diaz started 2008 with High-A Dunedin, but he was promoted to Double-A New Hampshire on May 18, where he went down and up 4 more times before finishing with the Fisher Cats. In 68 combined games, he hit .182 with 1 HR, 16 RBI, 20 runs and 43 walks. Diaz began 2009 with New Hampshire before being promoted to Triple-A Las Vegas on May 12. After a two-month stay there, he was demoted back to New Hampshire. In 94 games, he hit .195 with 1 HR, 18 RBI, 37 runs and 48 walks, including hitting .150 in 29 games in his first Triple-A stint. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day shortstop in 2010, where he played before being promoted to Las Veags on May 31. He was demoted back to New Hampshire on June 21, where he stayed before earning a one-week promotion to Las Vegas at the end of the season. In 127 games, he hit .239 with 2 HR (a career-high), 43 RBI, 68 runs, 23 doubles and 61 walks. Diaz went to spring training with the Blue Jays in 2011, and was one of the final cuts, staying as insurance for Aaron Hill, who was returning from a quadriceps injury. In 29 games during spring training, he hit .265 with 2 RBI and 6 runs. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman in 2011, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on April 23. On May 15, he was placed on the disabled list with an injury, and after rehabbing in Dunedin, he returned on July 5 with New Hampshire, where he played the rest of the season with. In 92 games, he hit .267 with 2 HR, 30 RBI, 41 runs and 46 walks. Diaz was with the Blue Jays for spring training in 2012, and he was cut on March 25. In 23 games, he hit .405 with 7 RBI and 9 runs. He was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on May 22. He finished the season there. In 134 games, he hit .221 with 4 HR, 40 RBI, 76 runs, 18 stolen bases and 75 walks. After the year, he became a minor league free agent

Paragraph 17: Major League Soccer (MLS) is the premier soccer league in the United States. The league's predecessor was the major professional North American Soccer League (NASL), which existed from 1968 until 1984. As of its 2023 season, MLS has 29 clubs (26 from the U.S. and 3 from Canada). The 34-game schedule runs from mid-March to late October, with the playoffs and championship in November. Soccer-specific stadiums continue to be built for MLS teams around the country, both because football stadiums are considered to have excessive capacity, and because teams profit from operating their stadiums. With an average attendance of over 21,000 per game (prior to COVID-19), MLS has the third-highest average attendance of any sports league in the U.S. after the National Football League (NFL) and Major League Baseball (MLB), and is the ninth-highest attended professional soccer league worldwide. Other professional men's soccer leagues in the U.S. include the current second division, the USL Championship (USLC), and three third-level leagues: USL League One (USL1), which launched in 2019 under the auspices of the USLC's operator, the United Soccer League; the National Independent Soccer Association (NISA), which also started in 2019; and MLS Next Pro, launched by MLS in 2022 as the effective replacement for its former reserve league. Another competition, the second North American Soccer League, had been the second-level league until being demoted in 2018 due to instability, and soon effectively folded. For several years in the 2010s, the USL organization had a formal relationship with MLS, and a number of its teams (both in the Championship and League One) have been either owned by or affiliated with MLS sides, but most U.S.-based MLS teams moved their reserve sides into Next Pro in 2022, and the only U.S.-based MLS side that will not field a Next Pro team in 2023 is D.C. United.

Paragraph 18: Potanin also republished a tale collected by G. Adrianov in Mongolia with the title "Кэрэк-Кирвэс-Хэмэрэ-мэргэн" or "Хэрэкъ-Кирвэсъ Хэмрэ мергенъ" ("Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen"). In this tale, a man named Ароибай-Его-хан (Arolbai-Ego-khan) is married to two wives, the oldest promises to sew him a silken robe, boots and a sable hat, while his youngest wife promises to bear him a bogatyr son. The younger wife begins to have strange dreams about her husband, and consults with the older wife about it, who is already in the process of sewing the garments. As the boy's birth approaches, the older wife begins to worry and conspires with an old servant to replace the boy for a puppy as soon as he is born. So it happens: the older wife assists the younger's wife labour and takes the boy. The elder servant advises to throw the boy in the steppe, so that he is trampled under the hooves of a wild animal. Whenever they hope for an animal to trample him (first, a black stallion; second, wild camels; third, sheep), the boy leaves unscathed, so they decide to throw him in the lake (a golden lake named Altyn-Kul). As for his younger wife, Arolbai-Ego-khan orders that she is to be blinded in one eye, have a hand cut off and banished from his kingdom into the wilderness. In the wilderness, the woman sees a mouse and a bird forage for a herb with healing properties and uses it on herself. She also sees a boy that comes out of the lake and plays near the shore. She captures the boy, who wants her to prove their parentage, so she shoots jets of breastmilk that fall into the boy's mouth. They begin to live together near the lake, and the boy becomes a hunter, hunting larger game as times goes by. The khan sends ambassadors to check on some mysterious happenings around the lake and report their findings to the khan. The titular hero, Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen, turns into a bird and flies to his father's court to spiy on him, and each time learns of fantastical objects. The first time, it is about an iron red deer with a spot on the forehead; he eventually kills the large iron deer and uses its hide as cover for his and his mother's yurt. Next, the khan claims that, if the hunter is really his son, he shall have a horse and a weapon made by his own ironsmiths ("долонарык-дархан") or from a person named Толонъ Арыкъ Дархана ("Tolon-Arik-Darkhana"). Lastly, he tells his ambassadors about the daughter of a creature named Убиртых-Хормозда (Ubirtykh-Khormozda), a maiden called Тэмэнъ ногонъ тэнгэрлеръ кызу ("Temen nogon tengerler kizu"), whom the boy should have for bride. Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen returns home and learns from a helpful old lady that the maiden's father is a three-headed creature, and that his father has tried to get her as his wife. He kills the monster and prepares to enter Temen nogon's hut, but his horse warns him that she has special clothes that allow her to fly, so Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen shall first block all entrances of the hut. He captures Temen nogon, and she consents to be his wife, but first he has to find three horses from beyond the boiling sea. He gets the horses; Temen nogon marries him and goes with him to his mother's yurt. After the khan learns of his son's exploits, he wants to invite him to his own yurt. However, Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen declines his father's invitation, remembering his mother's ordeal, and invites the kahn to his yurt, made of the skin of the iron deer. The khan agrees to go to his son's yurt, but first his son has to get a tusk from a giant creature, the khan's father's lost sword, a net from the bottom of the sea, and the khan's great-grandfather furcoat in the underworld. Down in the underworld, Kerek-Kirves-Khemere-mergen gets the furcoat from underworld deity Erlik khan, who explains that, as soon as the khan wears it, the khan will be led straight to the underworld. This tale was later identified as coming from a Soyot source.

Paragraph 19: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 20: Merit is a "beneficial and protective force which extends over a long period of time" (B.J. Terwiel)—and is the effect of good deeds (, ) done through physical action, words, or thought. As its Pāli language (the language of Theravada Buddhism, as practiced in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Myanmar, etc.) definition indicates, this force is associated with goodness and purity of mind. In traditional Buddhist societies, it is believed that merit is more sustainable than that of magical rites, spirit worship or worldly power. The way merit works, is that acts of merit bring good and agreeable results, whereas demeritorious acts bring bad and disagreeable results. A mixture of the two generates mixed results in a person's life. This  () or "automatic cosmic reaction" (Brokaw) is a common idea found in Buddhist texts and Buddhist societies, and explains why people are different and lead different lives in many ways. Karma is self-regulatory and natural: it operates without divine intervention and human intention is fundamental to it. Internally, merit makes the mind happy and virtuous. Externally, present good circumstances, such as a long life, health and wealth, as well as the character and abilities someone is born with, arise from merits done in the past and vice versa, with demerits. The merits and demerits a person has done may take a while to bear fruit. Merit or demerit may cause a good or bad future respectively, including in the next lives to come. A bad destination after rebirth may be caused by demerit, but merely a lack of merit may also lead a person to be born in an unhappy destination. When someone is reborn in a happy destination, however, one can only stay there as long as merits last. Thus, it is stated in the Tipiṭaka that people cannot take anything with them when they die, except for whatever merit and demerit they have done, which will affect their future. Merit can be accumulated in different quantities, and stored up, but also has an impermanent character: it can run out. Summarizing from the Buddhist text Milinda Pañhā, some scholars conclude that merit is inherently stronger than demerit. Moreover, many merits together have the power to prevent demerits from having an effect, by pushing them "to the back of the queue" (Richard Gombrich), though demerits can never be undone.

Paragraph 21: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 22: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 23: Taylor rushed for 1,314 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns over his LSU career, and led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in scoring in 1956 and 1957. "With the ball under his arm, Jimmy Taylor was the best running back I've ever coached," said Dietzel. "He was just so versatile." After spending the first half of his junior season learning the offense, Taylor scored 51 points in the team's final five games of 1956. As a senior in 1957, he shared the backfield with future Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon, a combination that accounted for over 1,500 yards from scrimmage and 17 touchdowns that season. Against Texas Tech, due to the Red Raiders' focus on containing Taylor, Cannon had one of the most productive games of his career. The following week, Taylor scored three touchdowns in LSU's 20–13 upset of a  Georgia Tech team whose focus was on stopping Cannon. In his final college game, Taylor carried 17 times for 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 35–6 victory over in-state rival Tulane. He was selected as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and earned first-team All-SEC honors from the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UPI). After the season, he played in the Senior Bowl and was named the game's most valuable player.

Paragraph 24: The last fatal duel in England took place on Priest Hill in 1852. It was between two French refugees, Lt. Frederic Constant Cournet and Emmanuel Barthélemy. Cournet was supposed to have been the better prepared for a sword duel.  Barthelemy, an extremely questionable individual (responsible for at least two murders by 1852), manipulated Cournet into challenging him (supposedly over comments Cournet made about Barthelemy's girlfriend), and chose pistols for the weapon. He killed Cournet, and was subsequently arrested for murder. However, Barthelemy managed to convince the jury that it was not a homicide as in the normal sense of the word, and was acquitted. Barthelemy was widely suspected of being a spy for the new French regime of Emperor Louis Napoleon (Napoleon III). In fact his bullying of other refugees had led to the confrontation with Cournet. However, three years later, he was engaged in a crime in London, possibly involving a blackmail attempt that did not work out. Two men were killed and Barthelemy was arrested. Despite giving an image of bravado in court, this time he was convicted, then hanged. Most criminal historians and writers feel he was repugnant but had defender Victor Hugo, who wrote a small panegryric to him in one of the later sections of Les Misérables, before ultimately also agreeing that "Barthelemy at all times flew one flag only, and it was black."

Paragraph 25: On 3 August 1942 the 4th Reserve Army, part of the Soviet strategic reserve, was designated as the second formation of 38th Army and was assigned to Bryansk Front on a relatively quiet sector of the frontline northeast of Kastornoe facing part of the German Second Army. The commander of 38th Army was Lieutenant-General Nikandr Chibisov, and its chief of staff was Colonel Anton Pilipenko. In September command responsibility for 38th Army and for 38th Army's sector of the frontline was transferred from the left flank of Bryansk Front to the right flank of the more southerly Voronezh Front. On 13 January 1943 Voronezh Front launched a major offensive against Axis forces on the middle Don in the Rossosh area, employing forces on its left flank and centre. Within days this offensive had proved successful, leaving Second Army in a deep salient, and Soviet high command proposed an extension of the offensive north to the Kastornoe area in an effort to encircle Second Army west of Voronezh. This operation (the Voronezh-Kastornoe Operation) would involve four Soviet armies and would include an attack on Second Army's positions by 38th Army. The operation, hurriedly prepared, commenced on 24 January. Recognising the threat to Second Army, later that day German high command authorised its withdrawal from exposed positions at Voronezh, but the bulk of the army was surrounded when Soviet forces from north and south met at Kastornoe on 28 January. Over the next five days 38th Army was involved in attempts to subdue the surrounded forces of Second Army but on 2 February it was assigned to participate in a general advance of Voronezh Front to the west and southwest (towards Kursk and Kharkov respectively).  Chibisov's forces took Tim on 5 February, reached Oboyan on 18 February and by early March were approaching Sumy. However German counter-attacks from south and southwest of Kharkov in the second half of February and the first half of March thwarted efforts by Voronezh Front to advance west of Sumy towards the Desna river. During the second half of March the frontline stabilised around the Kursk Salient, a rectangular salient of 15,000 square kilometres that protruded  into German lines north, west and south of the city of Kursk. The salient's frontline, in which 38th Army was positioned in the southwest corner on Voronezh front's right flank south of Koronevo, remained largely unchanged through the rest of March, April, May and June.

Paragraph 26: The primary composition of the painting is in the contrast between the solemn jester (Stańczyk) – the focus of the painting – and the lively ball going on in the background. Stańczyk is shown sitting alone in a dark room, while a ball, hosted by the royal family, is in full swing in the neighbouring hall. His appearance is unlike that one would expect in a jester – gloomy, deep in thought. His seriousness is reinforced by his accessories: his marotte lies discarded on the floor, whereas a holy medallion of the Black Madonna of Częstochowa can be seen on his torso. The wrinkled carpet at Stańczyk's feet could have been formed by his collapsing heavily into the chair upon reading the letter, or through a nervous shifting of the feet thereafter. On the table lies a letter likely announcing that the Grand Duchy of Lithuania has lost Smolensk (now in Russia) to the Grand Duchy of Moscow, causing Stańczyk's sorrow and reflection on his fatherland's fate. The letter seems to have been discarded by some official, and only the jester realizes its significance – while the rulers are partying, celebrating the recent victory at the Battle of Orsha, disregarding the bad news about Smolensk.  The letter bears the year 1533 (A.d. MDXXXIII) and the name "Samogitia", a province of the Commonwealth.  The note is incongruent with the actual date of the fall of Smolensk in 1514, and is a matter of ongoing debate, though an outright mistake by the meticulous Matejko, known for use of symbolism and iconography, is unlikely.  Another symbol, a lute, symbol of glory, is being carried by a court dwarf, stereotyped as a person of low stature and morale in Matejko's time; this suggests a decline of the Jagiellonian dynasty's fortunes. The window is thrown – or was blown – open, ruffling the tablecloth and alluding to an upset of the present order.  Through the open window, the darkened profile of Wawel Cathedral in Krakow is visible – the site of the coronation of Polish kings.  Next to it, a comet is seen – a portent of ill-fortune.  The imagery of downfall is completed with the inclusion of the three stars of Orion's Belt seen above and to the left of the cathedral spire.  In Greek mythology, Orion was a powerful hunter blinded by ego and his own greatness, but was ultimately brought down by the pinprick of a scorpion's sting.

Paragraph 27: The agrimensor of the later period was merely employed in disputes as to the boundaries of properties.  The foundation of colonies and the assignation of lands were now less common, though we read of colonies being established to a late period of the empire, and the boundaries of the lands must have been set out in due form.  Those who marked out the ground in camps for the soldiers' tents are also called mensores, but they were military men.  The functions of the agrimensor are shown by a passage of Hyginus, in all questions as to determining boundaries by means of the marks (signa), the area of surfaces, and explaining maps and plans, the services of the agrimensor were required: in all questions that concerned property, right of road, enjoyment of water, and other easements (servitutes) they were not required, for these were purely legal questions. Generally, therefore, they were either employed by the parties themselves to settle boundaries, or they received their instructions for that purpose from a judex.  In this capacity they were advocati.  But they also acted as judices, and could give a final decision in that class of smaller questions which concerned the quinque pedes of the Lex Mamilia (the law setting which boundary spaces were not subject to usucapio), as appears from Frontinus.

Paragraph 28: The 2002–03 season saw Hall saw him shine as he was part of a defence as a first team regular. Hall helped the club keep four clean sheets in four matches between 13 August 2002 and 26 August 2002 despite being sent–off in a 0–0 draw against Brentford on 17 August 2002.  His performance led manager Dowie to praise his performance on being "comfortable on the ball and quick in the tackle." After serving a one match suspension, he returned to the starting line–up against Notts County on 7 September 2002, winning 3–1. Hall, once again, helped Oldham Athletic keep three clean sheets in the next four matches between 17 September 2002 and 5 October 2002, in which he missed a match against Swindon Town. Hall then scored his first goal for the club against Stockport County on 2 November 2002. Two weeks later on 16 November 2002, he scored his second goal for Oldham Athletic, in 2–2 draw against Burton Albion in the first round of the FA Cup. His performance saw him being awarded November's Player of the Month in the second division. A month later on 21 December 2002, Hall scored his second goal, in a 1–0 win against Chesterfield. His next goal for Oldham Athletic came on 14 January 2003 against Brentford, in a 2–1 win, Five days later on 19 January 2003, he signed a new deal, which would have kept him at the club until 2005, Six days later on 26 January 2003, however, Hall received a straight red card in the 28th minute for a foul on Steve Jones, in a 3–1 loss. After serving a two–match suspension, Hall returned to the starting line–up against Notts County and helped the club draw 1–1 on 22 February 2003. This was followed by scoring his fifth goal for Oldham Athletic, in a 1–0 win against Mansfield Town. Despite being further sidelined with a toe injury that saw him miss two matches, he continued to remain as a first team regular for the rest of the 2002–03 season, as the club reached the play–offs and proved to be only the second best to league champions Wigan Athletic. Hall played in both legs against Queens Park Rangers, as Oldham Athletic lost 2–1 on aggregate. At the end of the 2003–04 season, he went on to make fifty appearances and scoring five times in all competitions. For his performance, Hall was named in the PFA Team of the Year.

Paragraph 29: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 30: Diaz was assigned to Short-Season Auburn, where in 73 games as the team's shortstop, he hit .200 with 1 HR, 26 RBI and 34 runs. In 2007, he played with Single-A Lansing, where in 120 games, he hit .246 with 1 HR, 51 RBI, 65 runs and a league-leading 82 walks. His .406 was third in the league behind Chris Pettit (.429) and Deik Scram (.416). Diaz started 2008 with High-A Dunedin, but he was promoted to Double-A New Hampshire on May 18, where he went down and up 4 more times before finishing with the Fisher Cats. In 68 combined games, he hit .182 with 1 HR, 16 RBI, 20 runs and 43 walks. Diaz began 2009 with New Hampshire before being promoted to Triple-A Las Vegas on May 12. After a two-month stay there, he was demoted back to New Hampshire. In 94 games, he hit .195 with 1 HR, 18 RBI, 37 runs and 48 walks, including hitting .150 in 29 games in his first Triple-A stint. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day shortstop in 2010, where he played before being promoted to Las Veags on May 31. He was demoted back to New Hampshire on June 21, where he stayed before earning a one-week promotion to Las Vegas at the end of the season. In 127 games, he hit .239 with 2 HR (a career-high), 43 RBI, 68 runs, 23 doubles and 61 walks. Diaz went to spring training with the Blue Jays in 2011, and was one of the final cuts, staying as insurance for Aaron Hill, who was returning from a quadriceps injury. In 29 games during spring training, he hit .265 with 2 RBI and 6 runs. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman in 2011, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on April 23. On May 15, he was placed on the disabled list with an injury, and after rehabbing in Dunedin, he returned on July 5 with New Hampshire, where he played the rest of the season with. In 92 games, he hit .267 with 2 HR, 30 RBI, 41 runs and 46 walks. Diaz was with the Blue Jays for spring training in 2012, and he was cut on March 25. In 23 games, he hit .405 with 7 RBI and 9 runs. He was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on May 22. He finished the season there. In 134 games, he hit .221 with 4 HR, 40 RBI, 76 runs, 18 stolen bases and 75 walks. After the year, he became a minor league free agent

Paragraph 31: In 1921, Tashman made her film debut playing Pleasure in an allegorical segment of Experience, and when The Gold Diggers closed she appeared in the plays The Garden of Weeds and Madame Pierre. In 1922, she had a small role in the Mabel Normand film Head Over Heels. Her personal and professional lives in 1922 were not entirely satisfactory (best friend Edmund Lowe moved to Hollywood, for example, and she was fired from Madame Pierre), so she relocated to California and quickly found work in films. In 1924, she appeared in five films (including a cinematic adaptation of The Garden of Weeds) and received good reviews for Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model and Winner Take All. She freelanced, moving from studio to studio, but signed a long-term contract in 1931 with Paramount. She made nine films for the studio.

Paragraph 32: The primary composition of the painting is in the contrast between the solemn jester (Stańczyk) – the focus of the painting – and the lively ball going on in the background. Stańczyk is shown sitting alone in a dark room, while a ball, hosted by the royal family, is in full swing in the neighbouring hall. His appearance is unlike that one would expect in a jester – gloomy, deep in thought. His seriousness is reinforced by his accessories: his marotte lies discarded on the floor, whereas a holy medallion of the Black Madonna of Częstochowa can be seen on his torso. The wrinkled carpet at Stańczyk's feet could have been formed by his collapsing heavily into the chair upon reading the letter, or through a nervous shifting of the feet thereafter. On the table lies a letter likely announcing that the Grand Duchy of Lithuania has lost Smolensk (now in Russia) to the Grand Duchy of Moscow, causing Stańczyk's sorrow and reflection on his fatherland's fate. The letter seems to have been discarded by some official, and only the jester realizes its significance – while the rulers are partying, celebrating the recent victory at the Battle of Orsha, disregarding the bad news about Smolensk.  The letter bears the year 1533 (A.d. MDXXXIII) and the name "Samogitia", a province of the Commonwealth.  The note is incongruent with the actual date of the fall of Smolensk in 1514, and is a matter of ongoing debate, though an outright mistake by the meticulous Matejko, known for use of symbolism and iconography, is unlikely.  Another symbol, a lute, symbol of glory, is being carried by a court dwarf, stereotyped as a person of low stature and morale in Matejko's time; this suggests a decline of the Jagiellonian dynasty's fortunes. The window is thrown – or was blown – open, ruffling the tablecloth and alluding to an upset of the present order.  Through the open window, the darkened profile of Wawel Cathedral in Krakow is visible – the site of the coronation of Polish kings.  Next to it, a comet is seen – a portent of ill-fortune.  The imagery of downfall is completed with the inclusion of the three stars of Orion's Belt seen above and to the left of the cathedral spire.  In Greek mythology, Orion was a powerful hunter blinded by ego and his own greatness, but was ultimately brought down by the pinprick of a scorpion's sting.

Paragraph 33: The RPCUS began when Chalcedon Presbyterian Church in north Atlanta, Georgia left he Presbyterian Church in America in 1983. Chalcedon had set requirements that its elders adhere to both theonomy and postmillennialism; however, groups within the PCA's North Georgia Presbytery complained that the church was being too strict in its requirements and that it was "going beyond the Westminster Confession." While the complaint was dismissed, Chalcedon sought to become secure in its position. They inquired into the Orthodox Presbyterian Church, but found that they had not yet settled on how to handle theonomy, so they formed their own denomination. Chalcedon had begun only nine years earlier under the leadership of Joe Morecraft. After Morecraft ran for Congress in Georgia' s 7th District in 1986, losing in the general election to incumbent Democrat George Darden, the denomination saw some growth in the Atlanta area. The church was joined in 1987 by Covenant Presbyterian Church, which grew out of a Reformed Bible study group held in Buford, Georgia. The study group had been partially under the headship of the Rev. Wayne Rogers; however, it would soon be led by Rev. Christopher B. Strevel. The denomination eventually had four presbyteries: Covenant Presbytery (based in Atlanta), Hanover Presbytery, Western Presbytery, and Westminster Presbytery. One church split from the RPCUS in 1990 over concerns of the regulative principle of worship—believing only psalms were acceptable in worship. The next year, Western and Westminster Presbyteries chose to depart and merge, forming the Reformed Presbyterian Church General Assembly and the Hanover Presbytery also left on its own to form the Reformed Presbyterian Church – Hanover Presbytery. The split was due, in part, to the RPCUS's failure to establish and maintain a system of church discipline and inability to finalize on a constitution. Only Covenant Presbytery remained; however, it would continue to grow, particularly in the Southern US. By 2003, the presbytery had 6 churches and 2 mission churches.

Paragraph 34: TLV mirrors are circular. At their centers is a circular boss inset on a square panel. According to Schuyler Camman, the design of TLV mirrors was cosmologically significant. The V shapes served to give the inner square the appearance of being placed in the middle of a cross. This forms an illustration of the Chinese idea of the five directions – North, South, West, East and Center. The central square represents China as the ‘Middle Kingdom.’ The area in between the central square and the circle represented the ‘Four Seas.’ During the Han Dynasty the ‘Four Seas’ represented territories outside China, and did not literally refer to water. The central square within the round mirror likely alludes to the ancient Chinese idea that heaven was round and earth was square.  The Ts represented the concept of the ‘Four Gates of the Middle Kingdom,’ an idea present in Chinese literature. They could have also represented the idea of the four inner gates of the Han place of sacrifice, or the gates of the imperial tombs built during the Han period.  The Ls possibly symbolized the marshes and swamps beyond the ‘Four Seas,’ at the ends of the earth. The bending of the Ls could possibly have served to create a rotating effect which symbolized the four seasons, which were very closely related to the cardinal directions. The nine nipples in the central square likely represented the ‘nine regions of the earth as discussed by Cammann as having come from the Shiji. The eight nipples outside of the central square were most likely a representations of the Eight Pillars, mountains that held up the canopy of heaven. The area between the inner round border and the outer rim of the mirror was often filled with swirls that represented the clouds in heaven.

Paragraph 35: Stanovich is the only two-time winner of the Albert J. Harris Award from the International Reading Association for influential articles on reading. In 1995, he was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame as the youngest member of that honorary society. In 1996, he was given the Oscar Causey Award from the National Reading Conference for contributions to research and in 1997, he received the Sylvia Scribner Award from the American Educational Research Association. In 2000, he received the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award from the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was awarded the 2010 Grawemeyer Award for Education from the University of Louisville and was selected as a 2010 Grawemeyer Award winner for his 2009 book, What Intelligence Tests Miss: The Psychology of Rational Thought. Stanovich is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association (Divisions 3 [experimental], 7 [developmental], 8 [Personality & Social], & 15 [Educational]), the American Psychological Society, the International Academy for Research in Learning Disabilities, and is a Charter Member of the Society for the Scientific Study of Reading. He was a member of the Committee on the Prevention of Reading Difficulties in Young Children of the National Research Council/National Academy of Sciences.  From 1986 to 2000, he was the associate editor of Merrill-Palmer Quarterly, a leading journal of human development.

Paragraph 36: The RPCUS began when Chalcedon Presbyterian Church in north Atlanta, Georgia left he Presbyterian Church in America in 1983. Chalcedon had set requirements that its elders adhere to both theonomy and postmillennialism; however, groups within the PCA's North Georgia Presbytery complained that the church was being too strict in its requirements and that it was "going beyond the Westminster Confession." While the complaint was dismissed, Chalcedon sought to become secure in its position. They inquired into the Orthodox Presbyterian Church, but found that they had not yet settled on how to handle theonomy, so they formed their own denomination. Chalcedon had begun only nine years earlier under the leadership of Joe Morecraft. After Morecraft ran for Congress in Georgia' s 7th District in 1986, losing in the general election to incumbent Democrat George Darden, the denomination saw some growth in the Atlanta area. The church was joined in 1987 by Covenant Presbyterian Church, which grew out of a Reformed Bible study group held in Buford, Georgia. The study group had been partially under the headship of the Rev. Wayne Rogers; however, it would soon be led by Rev. Christopher B. Strevel. The denomination eventually had four presbyteries: Covenant Presbytery (based in Atlanta), Hanover Presbytery, Western Presbytery, and Westminster Presbytery. One church split from the RPCUS in 1990 over concerns of the regulative principle of worship—believing only psalms were acceptable in worship. The next year, Western and Westminster Presbyteries chose to depart and merge, forming the Reformed Presbyterian Church General Assembly and the Hanover Presbytery also left on its own to form the Reformed Presbyterian Church – Hanover Presbytery. The split was due, in part, to the RPCUS's failure to establish and maintain a system of church discipline and inability to finalize on a constitution. Only Covenant Presbytery remained; however, it would continue to grow, particularly in the Southern US. By 2003, the presbytery had 6 churches and 2 mission churches.

Paragraph 37: During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, MMWR came under pressure from political appointees at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to modify its reporting so as not to conflict with what President Donald Trump was saying about the pandemic. Starting in June 2020, Michael Caputo, the HHS assistant secretary for public affairs, and his chief advisor Paul Alexander tried to change, delay, suppress, and retroactively edit MMWR stories about the effectiveness of potential treatments for COVID-19, the transmissibility of the virus, and other issues where the president had taken a public stance. Alexander tried unsuccessfully to get personal approval of all issues of MMWR before they went out. Caputo claimed this oversight was necessary because MMWR reports were being tainted by "political content"; he demanded to know the political leanings of the scientists who reported that hydroxychloroquine had little benefit as a treatment while Trump was saying the opposite. In emails to the head of CDC, Alexander accused CDC scientists of attempting to "hurt the president" and writing "hit pieces on the administration". On September 14, 2020, the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis of the U.S. House of Representatives requested "transcribed interviews" with seven CDC and HHS personnel "to determine the scope of political interference with CDC's scientific reports and other efforts to combat the pandemic, the impact of this interference on CDC's mission, whether this interference is continuing, and the steps that Congress may need to take to stop it before more Americans die needlessly."

Paragraph 38: The last fatal duel in England took place on Priest Hill in 1852. It was between two French refugees, Lt. Frederic Constant Cournet and Emmanuel Barthélemy. Cournet was supposed to have been the better prepared for a sword duel.  Barthelemy, an extremely questionable individual (responsible for at least two murders by 1852), manipulated Cournet into challenging him (supposedly over comments Cournet made about Barthelemy's girlfriend), and chose pistols for the weapon. He killed Cournet, and was subsequently arrested for murder. However, Barthelemy managed to convince the jury that it was not a homicide as in the normal sense of the word, and was acquitted. Barthelemy was widely suspected of being a spy for the new French regime of Emperor Louis Napoleon (Napoleon III). In fact his bullying of other refugees had led to the confrontation with Cournet. However, three years later, he was engaged in a crime in London, possibly involving a blackmail attempt that did not work out. Two men were killed and Barthelemy was arrested. Despite giving an image of bravado in court, this time he was convicted, then hanged. Most criminal historians and writers feel he was repugnant but had defender Victor Hugo, who wrote a small panegryric to him in one of the later sections of Les Misérables, before ultimately also agreeing that "Barthelemy at all times flew one flag only, and it was black."

Paragraph 39: Diaz was assigned to Short-Season Auburn, where in 73 games as the team's shortstop, he hit .200 with 1 HR, 26 RBI and 34 runs. In 2007, he played with Single-A Lansing, where in 120 games, he hit .246 with 1 HR, 51 RBI, 65 runs and a league-leading 82 walks. His .406 was third in the league behind Chris Pettit (.429) and Deik Scram (.416). Diaz started 2008 with High-A Dunedin, but he was promoted to Double-A New Hampshire on May 18, where he went down and up 4 more times before finishing with the Fisher Cats. In 68 combined games, he hit .182 with 1 HR, 16 RBI, 20 runs and 43 walks. Diaz began 2009 with New Hampshire before being promoted to Triple-A Las Vegas on May 12. After a two-month stay there, he was demoted back to New Hampshire. In 94 games, he hit .195 with 1 HR, 18 RBI, 37 runs and 48 walks, including hitting .150 in 29 games in his first Triple-A stint. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day shortstop in 2010, where he played before being promoted to Las Veags on May 31. He was demoted back to New Hampshire on June 21, where he stayed before earning a one-week promotion to Las Vegas at the end of the season. In 127 games, he hit .239 with 2 HR (a career-high), 43 RBI, 68 runs, 23 doubles and 61 walks. Diaz went to spring training with the Blue Jays in 2011, and was one of the final cuts, staying as insurance for Aaron Hill, who was returning from a quadriceps injury. In 29 games during spring training, he hit .265 with 2 RBI and 6 runs. Diaz was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman in 2011, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on April 23. On May 15, he was placed on the disabled list with an injury, and after rehabbing in Dunedin, he returned on July 5 with New Hampshire, where he played the rest of the season with. In 92 games, he hit .267 with 2 HR, 30 RBI, 41 runs and 46 walks. Diaz was with the Blue Jays for spring training in 2012, and he was cut on March 25. In 23 games, he hit .405 with 7 RBI and 9 runs. He was the Fisher Cats Opening Day second baseman, where he played before being promoted to Las Vegas on May 22. He finished the season there. In 134 games, he hit .221 with 4 HR, 40 RBI, 76 runs, 18 stolen bases and 75 walks. After the year, he became a minor league free agent

Paragraph 40: Taylor rushed for 1,314 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns over his LSU career, and led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in scoring in 1956 and 1957. "With the ball under his arm, Jimmy Taylor was the best running back I've ever coached," said Dietzel. "He was just so versatile." After spending the first half of his junior season learning the offense, Taylor scored 51 points in the team's final five games of 1956. As a senior in 1957, he shared the backfield with future Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon, a combination that accounted for over 1,500 yards from scrimmage and 17 touchdowns that season. Against Texas Tech, due to the Red Raiders' focus on containing Taylor, Cannon had one of the most productive games of his career. The following week, Taylor scored three touchdowns in LSU's 20–13 upset of a  Georgia Tech team whose focus was on stopping Cannon. In his final college game, Taylor carried 17 times for 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 35–6 victory over in-state rival Tulane. He was selected as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and earned first-team All-SEC honors from the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UPI). After the season, he played in the Senior Bowl and was named the game's most valuable player.

Paragraph 41: Major League Soccer (MLS) is the premier soccer league in the United States. The league's predecessor was the major professional North American Soccer League (NASL), which existed from 1968 until 1984. As of its 2023 season, MLS has 29 clubs (26 from the U.S. and 3 from Canada). The 34-game schedule runs from mid-March to late October, with the playoffs and championship in November. Soccer-specific stadiums continue to be built for MLS teams around the country, both because football stadiums are considered to have excessive capacity, and because teams profit from operating their stadiums. With an average attendance of over 21,000 per game (prior to COVID-19), MLS has the third-highest average attendance of any sports league in the U.S. after the National Football League (NFL) and Major League Baseball (MLB), and is the ninth-highest attended professional soccer league worldwide. Other professional men's soccer leagues in the U.S. include the current second division, the USL Championship (USLC), and three third-level leagues: USL League One (USL1), which launched in 2019 under the auspices of the USLC's operator, the United Soccer League; the National Independent Soccer Association (NISA), which also started in 2019; and MLS Next Pro, launched by MLS in 2022 as the effective replacement for its former reserve league. Another competition, the second North American Soccer League, had been the second-level league until being demoted in 2018 due to instability, and soon effectively folded. For several years in the 2010s, the USL organization had a formal relationship with MLS, and a number of its teams (both in the Championship and League One) have been either owned by or affiliated with MLS sides, but most U.S.-based MLS teams moved their reserve sides into Next Pro in 2022, and the only U.S.-based MLS side that will not field a Next Pro team in 2023 is D.C. United.

Paragraph 42: TLV mirrors are circular. At their centers is a circular boss inset on a square panel. According to Schuyler Camman, the design of TLV mirrors was cosmologically significant. The V shapes served to give the inner square the appearance of being placed in the middle of a cross. This forms an illustration of the Chinese idea of the five directions – North, South, West, East and Center. The central square represents China as the ‘Middle Kingdom.’ The area in between the central square and the circle represented the ‘Four Seas.’ During the Han Dynasty the ‘Four Seas’ represented territories outside China, and did not literally refer to water. The central square within the round mirror likely alludes to the ancient Chinese idea that heaven was round and earth was square.  The Ts represented the concept of the ‘Four Gates of the Middle Kingdom,’ an idea present in Chinese literature. They could have also represented the idea of the four inner gates of the Han place of sacrifice, or the gates of the imperial tombs built during the Han period.  The Ls possibly symbolized the marshes and swamps beyond the ‘Four Seas,’ at the ends of the earth. The bending of the Ls could possibly have served to create a rotating effect which symbolized the four seasons, which were very closely related to the cardinal directions. The nine nipples in the central square likely represented the ‘nine regions of the earth as discussed by Cammann as having come from the Shiji. The eight nipples outside of the central square were most likely a representations of the Eight Pillars, mountains that held up the canopy of heaven. The area between the inner round border and the outer rim of the mirror was often filled with swirls that represented the clouds in heaven.

Paragraph 43: St Philip's Anglican Church in Thompson Estate (as the area was then known) was dedicated on 18 October 1886 by Archbishop of Brisbane William Webber. It was designed by architect John Henry Burley and was built by J.W. Stranson. The church bell was a gift of Abraham Fleetwood Luya and the baptismal font was the gift of stonemason Andrew Lang Petrie. On 7 December 1905, the church was "reduced to ruin" by a severe storm which caused extensive flooding and the death of two children. It was extended and re-dedicated on 1 April 1906 by St. Clair Donaldson, Archbishop of Brisbane, with Henry Wallace Atkinson as architect. The old church was destroyed by fire 28 November 1954 after work on the new church had begun. The current church was consecrated by the Archbishop Reginald Halse on 1 December 1955. It is listed on the Brisbane Heritage Register. There were at least two parishioners that lost their lives at Gallipoli. "At St Philips we know of only two of our parishioners who were part of this landing at Gallipoli who later died on 5 April 1918 in France. The two were good mates and brother and brother in law. They died on the same day in the same battle recorded by the historian Charles Bean. ....Reginald Verry and his brother in law James Victor Atkinson." A state funeral was held at the church for Gordon Brown who was a Senator for Queensland from 1932 to 1965 (as a member of the Australia Labor Party); his ashes are kept in the church's columbarium.

Paragraph 44: Kateb is best known for his books on Afghan history. During Habib Ullah's reign, he accepted two commissions to write a comprehensive history of Afghanistan covering events from the time of Ahmad Shah down through the reign of Habib Ullah Khan. The first was a history of Afghanistan entitled Tohfat ul-Habib (Ḥabib's Gift) in honor of the amir, but Habib Ullah Khan deemed the finished work unacceptable and ordered Kateb to start over. The revised version is the three-volume history of Afghanistan entitled Siraj al-Tawarikh (Lamp of Histories), an allusion to the amir's honorific “Lamp of the Nation and Religion” (Siraj al-mella waʾl-din). There were also problems in publishing it, the third volume never being completely printed. It is thought that the process of publishing the third volume lasted several years and only ended after Habib Ullah Khan's death. Some say the publication on the third volume was halted at page 1,240 for unspecified reasons. Habib Ullah Khan's successor, Aman Ullah Khan, was initially interested in the work and typesetting resumed in the mid-1920s, but when the amir reviewed the material in it on Anglo-Afghan relations, he reportedly changed his mind, and ordered all published but still incomplete copies of the third volume taken from the press and burned. Despite this reaction, Kateb continued work on his chronicle. The manuscript of the remainder of the third volume is widely believed to have been finished, and the autograph was reportedly turned over to the Afghan archives by Kateb's son. Volumes devoted to Habib Ullah Khan and Aman Ullah Khan may also have been written. A farman issued by the latter announced that Kateb had been ordered to complete the Siraj and then begin work on a chronicle of the reign of Aman Ullah Khan to be entitled Tarikh-e Asr-e Amaniya. There is some evidence to suggest he did indeed carry out these commissions, although nothing more was ever published.

Paragraph 45: Taylor rushed for 1,314 yards and scored 20 rushing touchdowns over his LSU career, and led the Southeastern Conference (SEC) in scoring in 1956 and 1957. "With the ball under his arm, Jimmy Taylor was the best running back I've ever coached," said Dietzel. "He was just so versatile." After spending the first half of his junior season learning the offense, Taylor scored 51 points in the team's final five games of 1956. As a senior in 1957, he shared the backfield with future Heisman Trophy winner Billy Cannon, a combination that accounted for over 1,500 yards from scrimmage and 17 touchdowns that season. Against Texas Tech, due to the Red Raiders' focus on containing Taylor, Cannon had one of the most productive games of his career. The following week, Taylor scored three touchdowns in LSU's 20–13 upset of a  Georgia Tech team whose focus was on stopping Cannon. In his final college game, Taylor carried 17 times for 171 yards and two touchdowns in a 35–6 victory over in-state rival Tulane. He was selected as a first-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America, and earned first-team All-SEC honors from the Associated Press (AP) and United Press (UPI). After the season, he played in the Senior Bowl and was named the game's most valuable player.

Paragraph 46: Turk had for some time been leading a faction within the Communist Party that demanded a more positive view of Arab nationalism, in opposition to Secretary-General Khalid Bakdash, who ruled the party with an iron fist. In 1972, Bakdash decided to merge the party into the National Progressive Front, a coalition of organizations allied with the ruling Arab Baath Socialist Party. Along with supporters on the radical wing of the party, Turk formed the Syrian Communist Party (Political Bureau), consolidating a split that had been apparent since the late 1960s. The SCP-Political Bureau initially negotiated with the government for terms of legalization and membership in the Front. However, it later took a strong opposition stance, especially from 1976 on after the Syrian intervention in favour of the Maronites right-wing government in the Lebanese Civil War. This led to repression of the party, which was stepped up at the beginning of the 1980s when the Hafez al-Assad government felt itself under increasing pressure from both Islamists and the secular opposition. Al-Turk was arrested and imprisoned on 28 October 1980 and held under very difficult conditions for almost 18 years. He spent most of this period in solitary confinement and suffering regular torture. Based on interviews with al-Turk journalist Robin Wright reports he was "locked way in a windowless underground cell, about the length of his body or the size of a small elevator compartment, at an intelligence headquarters." Al-Turk was "never allowed out of his cell to exercise. Until the final months, he was not allowed a book, newspaper, mail or anything else to keep his mind occupied." For the first thirteen years of his imprisonment he was allowed no communication from, or information about, his friends and family, including his two young daughters. His "only activity was being allowed three times a day to go to a shared toilet." He was never allowed to use it when other prisoners were there but did scrounge the toilet bin for discarded clothing as his own clothing was worn out.  One of his few diversions was collecting grains of dark cereal he found in the thin soup he was served in the evening and using the grains to create pictures in his cell.  He suffered considerable ill-health, including diabetes for which he was refused treatment. He was released on 30 May 1998.

Paragraph 47: During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, MMWR came under pressure from political appointees at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to modify its reporting so as not to conflict with what President Donald Trump was saying about the pandemic. Starting in June 2020, Michael Caputo, the HHS assistant secretary for public affairs, and his chief advisor Paul Alexander tried to change, delay, suppress, and retroactively edit MMWR stories about the effectiveness of potential treatments for COVID-19, the transmissibility of the virus, and other issues where the president had taken a public stance. Alexander tried unsuccessfully to get personal approval of all issues of MMWR before they went out. Caputo claimed this oversight was necessary because MMWR reports were being tainted by "political content"; he demanded to know the political leanings of the scientists who reported that hydroxychloroquine had little benefit as a treatment while Trump was saying the opposite. In emails to the head of CDC, Alexander accused CDC scientists of attempting to "hurt the president" and writing "hit pieces on the administration". On September 14, 2020, the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis of the U.S. House of Representatives requested "transcribed interviews" with seven CDC and HHS personnel "to determine the scope of political interference with CDC's scientific reports and other efforts to combat the pandemic, the impact of this interference on CDC's mission, whether this interference is continuing, and the steps that Congress may need to take to stop it before more Americans die needlessly."

Paragraph 48: Southland is renowned for producing a high number of quality players despite the small population of the province shown by the over 50 All Blacks who have come from Southland. This continued following the war with players such as Leo Connolly and Jack Hazlett followed by Leicester Rutledge and Frank Oliver. But as rugby in New Zealand was organised into structured annual competition to replace tours and series which Southland had played in previously Southland Rugby struggled to retain their local talent. With Southland in the NPC Second Division from 1976, talented Southlanders began heading north in search of top level rugby. Southland continued to produce homegrown talent over 1980s and 1990s which led them to five Second Division titles, namely Brian McKechnie, Steven Pokere, Geoff Valli, Paul Henderson and Simon Culhane who was the shining light for Southland over this period, it was the talent that was lost that continues to haunt Southland fans. Southland at this time was used as a kickstart for many successful players careers. Valli moved to North Auckland in 1981, Pokere left Southland for Auckland in 1984 and Henderson spent what most consider to be his best years as a footballer in Otago from 1987-91. This worsened as Southland neared the millennium and led to embarrassing results where victories were few and far between as Southland was promoted to the NPC First Division after their 1996 championship.