Paragraph 1: On 2 February 2015 the former Minister of National Security, Gary Griffith and former attorney general Anand Ramlogan were revoked of their appointment to office under request by former prime minister of Trinidad and Tobago Kamla Persad-Bissessar, along with the call for resignation from the former director of the Police Complaints Authority (PCA) David West following their roles in a witness-tampering investigation ordered by acting police commissioner Stephen Williams. The former prime minister also revoked the appointments of former senate president Timothy Hamel-Smith, former sports minister Rupert Griffith, former Ministry in the Works and Transport Minister Stacy Roopnarine, former minister in the National Security Ministry Embau Moheni, and former justice minister Emmanuel George. Persad-Bissessar had also given up the portfolio of Social Development and People Ministry. Griffith was succeeded by retired brigadier general Carlton Alfonso, who held the position as Minister of National Security until the general elections of 2015, in which the People's National Movement was elected into government. The allegations started when former director of the Police Complaints Authority (PCA) David West, had signed a statement in which he claimed that the former attorney general Anand Ramlogan had asked the director of the PCA to withdraw a witness statement he had made in a defamation matter against the Opposition Leader at the time. Ramlogan denied the allegation and an investigation was subsequently launched by the Trinidad and Tobago Police Service. Shortly following, it was alleged that Gary Griffith, upon the advice of Anand Ramlogan, telephoned the director of the PCA to query whether or not he had withdrawn the witness statement in question. The former minister had later confirmed that such a call had indeed taken place. A few days later, on the night of 2 February 2015, the former prime minister addressed the public and press on the matters surrounding the investigation, in which she stated, "While I am not in a position to determine neither guilt nor innocence in this matter, it is of grave enough consequence to warrant serious consideration and immediate action." This was followed by stating that a request had been made to former president Anthony Carmona for the immediate removal of former attorney general Anand Ramlogan and former minister of national security Gary Griffith, along with the removal of former senate president Timothy Hamel-Smith, former sports minister Rupert Griffith, former Ministry in the Works and Transport Minister Stacy Roopnarine, former Minister in the National Security Ministry Embau Moheni, and former justice minister Emmanuel George. The former prime minister subsequently requested the appointment of former minister of legal affairs Prakash Ramadar to also serve as the minister of justice, Christine Hosein as Minister of the People and Social Development, Brent Sancho as Minister of Sport, Kwasi Mutema as Minister in the Ministry of National Security, Garvin Nicholas as Attorney General, and retired brigadier general Carlton Alfonso as Minister of National Security.

Paragraph 2: In January 2004, Wagner told Metal-Rules.com that Seven would not come out until late 2004. Asked in that interview if the album would continue in the same direction as Plastic Green Head, Wagner replied, "Hmm... it's kinda hard to say right now because things tend to change when you are recording the album. I go down to a rehearsal and record the new songs that could be one of these. I just sit there and try to write worst to it, y'know. So if they sound different on there, then they do when we go recording them. All our albums all the time, we never try to write a certain way. It's just how we felt at that particular square at a time. I thought Plastic Green Head was a little more depressing than Manic Frustration. And after the Manic Frustration album we weren't getting along too well in Trouble at all, y'know, and a lot of like drug references were included into the lyrics of Plastic Green Head, 'coz everybody, well at least me, started to party more and get away like I had enough. I just tried to forget about shit. So this new album, Seven, is more like... getting away from that again, you know what I mean? I guess maybe it could be compared to our other albums, maybe the Trouble record could be the one more like that... something like that. The Skull album was depressing, too because we were doing lots of drugs back then. So "End of My Daze" was the beginning of that beginning again, so this new one is kind of the same thing again. So if I had to compare it to any of our stuff, I would say that one maybe. Uh... it's still really hard to say which of our earlier albums I should compare our new stuff to. It's damn difficult."

Paragraph 3: The concept of the ḍākinī somewhat differs depending on the context and the tradition. For instance, in earlier Hindu texts and East Asian esoteric Buddhism, the term denotes a race of demonesses who ate the flesh and/or vital essence of humans. In Hindu Tantric literature, Ḍākinī is the name of a goddess often associated with one of the six chakras or the seven fundamental elements (dhātu) of the human body. In Nepalese and Tibetan Buddhism, meanwhile, 'ḍākinī' (also wisdom ḍākinī) can refer to both what can be best described as fierce-looking female embodiments of enlightened energy and to human women with a certain amount of spiritual development, both of which can help Tantric initiates attaining enlightenment.

Paragraph 4:  O EmmanuelHeaven-Haven (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Gerard Manley Hopkins.Let Beauty Be Our Memorial (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by J.A.C. Redford.Sound Becoming Song (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of Ode to St. Cecilia by Malcolm Guite.Treasures in Heaven (2013) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus.  B Is For Bethlehem (2012) - A setting of Isabel Wilner’s Christmas alphabet for children in versions for SSA or SATB choruses with piano accompaniment.Musica Dei Donum Optimi (2012) - An a cappella fanfare for mixed chorus of the traditional Latin text.The Gift (2012) - An a cappella reverie for mixed chorus of Musica Dei Donum Optimi, combining Latin and English texts.Rest Now, My Sister (2011) - An elegy for mixed chorus and orchestra.Alleluia Amen (2011) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus with soprano solo.O Sapientia (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a sonnet by Malcolm Guite.I Saw the Cherubim (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by Robert Wagner.  There is also a version with orchestral accompaniment.Morning Canticles (2011) - Canticles from the Book of Common Prayer for mixed chorus and orchestra.Wake Up, My Spirit (2009) - A setting of Psalm 57 for mixed chorus with oboe and harp.What the Bird Said Early in the Year (2008) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by C. S. Lewis.In the Beauty of Holiness (2008) - A setting of combined passages from Psalms and 1 Chronicles for mixed chorus and orchestra.Glory (2008) - A Christmas anthem for mixed chorus and orchestra adapted from the second chapter of Luke.Time and a Summer's Day (2006) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by William Shakespeare.Of Mercy and Judgment (2005) - An anthem for choir with piano accompaniment.Evening Wind (2005) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Marjorie W. Avery.Night Pieces (2004) - A setting of three Wordsworth nocturnes for mixed chorus and five instruments.The Martyrdom of St. Polycarp (2004) - An oratorio for mixed chorus, soloists and orchestra to a libretto by Scott Cairns.Down to the River to Pray (2003) - An a cappella arrangement by Elizabeth Ladizinsky and J.A.C. Redford of the traditional song made popular by the film, O Brother, Where Art ThouNapili Bay, 2PM (2002) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by the composer.love is the every only god (2001) - A song cycle for mixed chorus with piano accompaniment to poems by E. E. Cummings

Paragraph 5: As the teams returned to Washington for the deciding Game 5, the Cubs sent Game 1 starter Kyle Hendricks to the mound while the Nationals started Gio González. The Cubs started the scoring in the first as Jon Jay led off the game with a double and scored on an Anthony Rizzo groundout. The Cubs then loaded the bases with two outs in the first, but Jason Heyward grounded out to end the threat. In the second inning, Daniel Murphy homered and Michael Turner hit a three-run homer to put the Nationals up 4–1. González continued to struggle in the third as Kris Bryant doubled and Willson Contreras and Albert Almora Jr. walked to the load the bases. Addison Russell drove in his first run of the night on a groundout and Contreras scored on a wild pitch to narrow the lead to 4–3. Heyward would again end the threat by striking out. The Nationals went to the pen in the fourth and in the fifth brought in starter Max Scherzer. After Bryant and Rizzo were retired by Scherzer, seven straight Cubs batters reached base, scoring four runs, two on a double by Russell, to give the Cubs the lead 7–4. The Cubs added to their lead in the sixth as Russell doubled in Ben Zobrist on a fly ball that was misplayed by Jayson Werth. The Cubs went to the bullpen in the bottom of the fifth and in the sixth the Nationals added two runs on a wild pitch by Mike Montgomery which scored a run and a double by Murphy. Leading 8–6 in the seventh, the Cubs added another run when Kyle Schwarber pinch hit and doubled, scoring on a groundout by Kris Bryant. The Nationals answered in the seventh as the Cubs used Carl Edwards Jr. and José Quintana to get two outs, but a sacrifice fly by Bryce Harper narrowed the lead to 9–7. Wade Davis came in for the Cubs to get a seven-out save and struck out Ryan Zimmerman to end the inning. In the eighth, Davis gave up a run-scoring single by Taylor to bring the lead to one at 9–8. Following a single by José Lobatón to put runners on first and second with two outs, Contreras picked Lobatón off of first to end the inning. In the ninth, Davis set the Nationals down in order, striking out Werth and Harper to end the game and win the series for the Cubs.

Paragraph 6: Subsequently, the Commonwealth authorities detained Ashburnham in the Tower of London and three times banished him to the Channel Islands. Ashburnham was parted from his master Charles by order of the parliament, 1 January 1648, was imprisoned in Windsor Castle (May), and when the Second English Civil War broke out was exchanged for Sir William Masham. He was not allowed to attend the king during the Treaty of Newport (August), and was included among the delinquents who were to expect no pardon (13 October). He was constantly harassed. He had acquired an estate by his second marriage with the Dowager Lady Poulett (1649) (Widow of John Poulett, 1st Baron Poulett), and Charles II gave him permission to stay in England to preserve it. Royalists, however, suspected his fidelity, and (March 1650) in a memorial to the king asked whether they might trust him. He was sued for debts contracted for the late Charles I. He was forced to compound for one half of his estate, was bound in heavy securities to appear, when required, before the council of state, and his private journeys were licensed by a pass from the council. For three years he was asked by committees to discover who had lent the king money during the wars. His three banishments to Guernsey Castle were for sending money to the king.

Paragraph 7: Subsequently, the Commonwealth authorities detained Ashburnham in the Tower of London and three times banished him to the Channel Islands. Ashburnham was parted from his master Charles by order of the parliament, 1 January 1648, was imprisoned in Windsor Castle (May), and when the Second English Civil War broke out was exchanged for Sir William Masham. He was not allowed to attend the king during the Treaty of Newport (August), and was included among the delinquents who were to expect no pardon (13 October). He was constantly harassed. He had acquired an estate by his second marriage with the Dowager Lady Poulett (1649) (Widow of John Poulett, 1st Baron Poulett), and Charles II gave him permission to stay in England to preserve it. Royalists, however, suspected his fidelity, and (March 1650) in a memorial to the king asked whether they might trust him. He was sued for debts contracted for the late Charles I. He was forced to compound for one half of his estate, was bound in heavy securities to appear, when required, before the council of state, and his private journeys were licensed by a pass from the council. For three years he was asked by committees to discover who had lent the king money during the wars. His three banishments to Guernsey Castle were for sending money to the king.

Paragraph 8: After university, Wilkes entered the New Zealand Staff Corps. He then served in World War I, initially as a Lieutenant with the Advance Party of the 2nd New Zealand Rifle Brigade in 1915, with whom he fought in Egypt as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force until 1916. He then participated in the Western European campaign until 1919, as well as the Army of Occupation of Germany, serving as a brigade major and DAQMG (Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General) to a division serving in France. During his service he was awarded the Military Cross (December 1917, London Gazette 1 January 1918) and was twice mentioned in despatches. He received additionally the 1914-15 Star, British War Medal, and Victory Medal with oak leaf. During his army career Wilkes had been seconded to the Royal Flying Corps, and when he was discharged from the Army in November 1919, he returned to his former occupation as an officer of the New Zealand Staff Corps, being the only officer qualified as a pilot. He was also appointed to the Royal New Zealand Air Force's Air Board as Secretary, where later, as Controller of Civil Aviation, he would serve alongside Sir Leonard Monk Isitt (with whom, when both were Captains, Wilkes had flown over Mount Cook), H. W. L. Saunders, Fred Jones, and Arthur de Terrotte Nevill. From 1925 to 1931, Wilkes held the position of Director of Air Services with the New Zealand Permanent Air Force, having transferred from the NZSC. In 1929, he was posted to London as liaison officer with the Air Ministry, keeping the New Zealand Government informed of developments in the RAF and also negotiating the purchasing of aircraft. Early in 1931, as part of the Government's economy campaign, Wilkes was recalled and the liaison office was closed. In 1931, he was reappointed to the position of DAS (retaining this until the 1937 reorganisation of the RNZAF), and in 1933 was additionally named Controller of Civil Aviation. In 1936, when the New Zealand Government decided to establish an autonomous Air Force free from Army control; Wilkes, as Director of Air Services, was responsible for preparing a scheme and ascertaining costs. With the input of a British Air Force adviser, Wing Commander (later Air Chief Marshal) the Hon. Sir Ralph Cochrane, AFC, RAF, who later took the position of Chief of the Air Staff, the objective was reached. During this time Wilkes also served as New Zealand Liaison Officer to RAAF Melbourne from 1940-1946, and to the Netherland Forces in the East from 1944-1946, at which time he retired.

Paragraph 9: The popularity of the Xbox, as well as (in the United States) its comparatively short 90-day warranty, inspired efforts to circumvent the built-in hardware and software security mechanisms, a practice known as "cracking". Within a few months of its release the initial layer of security on the Xbox BIOS (which relied heavily on obfuscation) was broken by MIT student Andrew Huang and the contents of the "hidden" boot ROM embedded on the MCPx chip were extracted using some custom built hardware. Once this information was available, the code was soon modified so that it would skip digital signature checks and media flags, allowing unsigned code, Xbox game backups, etc., to be run. This was possible due to a number of critical flaws. A flaw in the RC4 encryption algorithm implemented by Microsoft, used to encrypt the Secret ROM, gave attackers means to use brute-force attacks effectively, giving access to the console's secret RC4 key, the second part of the bootloader, '2bl', and the kernel. The 'visor' bug, found by a hacker who never revealed his real name, was a critical flaw found in the console, due in part to Microsoft's decisions around suppliers for the microchips for use in the console. All of Microsoft's Xbox prototypes were, in fact, AMD. Hackers from the Xbox Linux team checked with AMD employees and explained that AMD chips throw an exception in the case of EIP overflows, but Intel CPU's do not. visor used XCodes to write the assembly instruction for “jmp 0xFFFF0000” to the memory location 00000000 in RAM, and changed the last four bytes in 2bl, in order to make the secret ROM run the panic code. The Secret ROM then 'falls down' to Flash memory where it can be captured. Another flaw exposed poor decisions around sandboxing games and savegame data. Plenty of Xbox games had buffer vulnerabilities in their savegame handlers. It is possible to use most USB sticks with the Xbox, and just store hacked savegames on them. It was often as easy as extending the length of strings like the name of the player, and the game would overwrite its stack with data and eventually jump to the code embedded in the savegame. The procedure for the user was then to simply copy a hacked savegame from a USB stick onto the Xbox hard disk, run the game and load the save-game. But after a buffer exploit, we would expect only to be in user mode - but not on the Xbox, as all Xbox games run in kernel mode. The Dashboard loads its files from hard disk, and with savegame exploits modifying hard disk content was possible. The Dashboard and its dependencies were RSA-2048 signed, apart from two files: the fonts. An integer vulnerability allowed for unsigned code to be run. Coupled with the savegame exploit, this made 'cracking' a console as easy as transferring a modified savegame and loading it, running a script to modify the font files. Now every time the Xbox is turned on, the Dashboard crashes because of the fonts  and runs code embedded in these files. The code reloads the Dashboard with the original fonts, hacks it, and runs it. Modding an Xbox in any manner will void its warranty, as it may require disassembly of the console. Having a modified Xbox may also disallow it from accessing Xbox Live, if detected by Microsoft, as it contravenes the Xbox Live Terms of Use, but most modchips can be disabled, allowing the Xbox to boot in a "stock" configuration. Softmods can be disabled by "coldbooting" a game (having the game in the DVD drive before turning the console on, so the softmod is not loaded) or by using a multiboot configuration.

Paragraph 10: Hélio Castroneves picked up his 4th pole of the season, and first at Pocono Raceway. The start was waved off twice when Hélio Castroneves jumped his teammate Simon Pagenaud. They finally waved the green flag on lap 2. The 2nd caution came when Jack Hawksworth lost a tire in turn 1, eventually Sage Karam and Juan Pablo Montoya dodged the lost tire from Jack Hawksworth. The restart came on lap 36. The 3rd caution came when Sébastien Bourdais wrecked in turn 2. The restart came on lap 42, the 4th caution came when Jack Hawksworth and Charlie Kimball getting together in turn 1. The next restart came on lap 92, the 5th caution came when Graham Rahal and Tristan Vautier crashed in turn 3. The next restart came on lap 103, the 6th caution came when debris from Ed Carpenter had contact from James Jakes, eventually the debris was on the frontstretch. The next restart came on lap 114, the 7th caution came when Tony Kanaan spun and hit the wall in turn 2. The next restart came on lap 138, the 8th caution came when Marco Andretti spun and hit wall in turn 2. The next restart came on lap 148, the 9th caution (season's record) came when a fox ran from the infield and through the catchfence. The next restart came on lap 166. The 10th caution came when Hélio Castroneves crashed in turn 1. The next restart came on lap 172. The 11th caution came when rookie Sage Karam spun and hit the wall in turn 1. As debris was strewn from the car, the nosecone section made contact with Justin Wilson's helmet inflicting severe brain damage. The unconscious Wilson then crashed into the infield at turn 1. The final restart came on lap 193, the 12th and final caution came on lap 197 when Rookie Gabby Chaves lost an engine. Ryan Hunter Reay picked up his 2nd win of the season, and 2nd out of the last 3 races, he held off Josef Newgarden and Juan Pablo Montoya for the win. The race set a new record of caution flags flew at an Indycar race, the record was previously held by the 2007 Indianapolis 500. On August 24, Justin Wilson succumbed to his injuries 24 hours after the race. He had been in a coma following the injury he had received during the race. His death marked the first fatality for the Dallara DW12 and the first since Dan Wheldon at Las Vegas Motor Speedway during the IZOD IndyCar World Championship.

Paragraph 11: In the 1980s a fierce interchange took place between Gardner and Colin Wilson.  In The Quest for Wilhelm Reich Wilson wrote of this book(Gardner) writes about various kinds of cranks with the conscious superiority of the scientist, and in most cases one can share his sense of the victory of reason. But after half a dozen chapters this non-stop superiority begins to irritate; you begin to wonder about the standards that make him so certain he is always right. He asserts that the scientist, unlike the crank, does his best to remain open-minded. So how can he be so sure that no sane person has ever seen a flying saucer, or used a dowsing rod to locate water? And that all the people he disagrees with are unbalanced fanatics? A colleague of the positivist philosopher A. J. Ayer once remarked wryly "I wish I was as certain of anything as he seems to be about everything". Martin Gardner produces the same feeling. By Wilson's own account, up to that time he and Gardner had been friends, but Gardner took offence. In February 1989 Gardner wrote a letter published in The New York Review of Books describing Wilson as "England’s leading journalist of the occult, and a firm believer in ghosts, poltergeists, levitations, dowsing, PK (psychokinesis), ESP, and every other aspect of the psychic scene". Shortly afterwards, Wilson replied, defending himself and adding "What strikes me as so interesting is that when Mr. Gardner—and his colleagues of CSICOP—begin to denounce the 'Yahoos of the paranormal,' they manage to generate an atmosphere of such intense hysteria ...". Gardner in turn replied quoting his own earlier description of Wilson: "The former boy wonder, tall and handsome in his turtleneck sweater, has now decayed into one of those amiable eccentrics for which the land of Conan Doyle is noted. They prowl comically about the lunatic fringes of science ..."

Paragraph 12: In the 1980s a fierce interchange took place between Gardner and Colin Wilson.  In The Quest for Wilhelm Reich Wilson wrote of this book(Gardner) writes about various kinds of cranks with the conscious superiority of the scientist, and in most cases one can share his sense of the victory of reason. But after half a dozen chapters this non-stop superiority begins to irritate; you begin to wonder about the standards that make him so certain he is always right. He asserts that the scientist, unlike the crank, does his best to remain open-minded. So how can he be so sure that no sane person has ever seen a flying saucer, or used a dowsing rod to locate water? And that all the people he disagrees with are unbalanced fanatics? A colleague of the positivist philosopher A. J. Ayer once remarked wryly "I wish I was as certain of anything as he seems to be about everything". Martin Gardner produces the same feeling. By Wilson's own account, up to that time he and Gardner had been friends, but Gardner took offence. In February 1989 Gardner wrote a letter published in The New York Review of Books describing Wilson as "England’s leading journalist of the occult, and a firm believer in ghosts, poltergeists, levitations, dowsing, PK (psychokinesis), ESP, and every other aspect of the psychic scene". Shortly afterwards, Wilson replied, defending himself and adding "What strikes me as so interesting is that when Mr. Gardner—and his colleagues of CSICOP—begin to denounce the 'Yahoos of the paranormal,' they manage to generate an atmosphere of such intense hysteria ...". Gardner in turn replied quoting his own earlier description of Wilson: "The former boy wonder, tall and handsome in his turtleneck sweater, has now decayed into one of those amiable eccentrics for which the land of Conan Doyle is noted. They prowl comically about the lunatic fringes of science ..."

Paragraph 13: Mojo! is a 2003 puzzle video game released for PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The player controls a marble through a series of traps in order to break all of the colored blocks in a level. It is somewhat similar to Super Monkey Ball, Marble Blast Gold, and Marble Madness, yet is much different and provides a much larger set of puzzles and obstacles to solve. Players receive a bonus if they beat a level in a certain amount of time. There are 100 levels included in the game, and a few multiplayer modes. There is also a stage editor where players can create all new levels. The PlayStation 2 version was issued on CD while the Xbox version was issued on DVD.

Paragraph 14: The concept of the ḍākinī somewhat differs depending on the context and the tradition. For instance, in earlier Hindu texts and East Asian esoteric Buddhism, the term denotes a race of demonesses who ate the flesh and/or vital essence of humans. In Hindu Tantric literature, Ḍākinī is the name of a goddess often associated with one of the six chakras or the seven fundamental elements (dhātu) of the human body. In Nepalese and Tibetan Buddhism, meanwhile, 'ḍākinī' (also wisdom ḍākinī) can refer to both what can be best described as fierce-looking female embodiments of enlightened energy and to human women with a certain amount of spiritual development, both of which can help Tantric initiates attaining enlightenment.

Paragraph 15: In January 2004, Wagner told Metal-Rules.com that Seven would not come out until late 2004. Asked in that interview if the album would continue in the same direction as Plastic Green Head, Wagner replied, "Hmm... it's kinda hard to say right now because things tend to change when you are recording the album. I go down to a rehearsal and record the new songs that could be one of these. I just sit there and try to write worst to it, y'know. So if they sound different on there, then they do when we go recording them. All our albums all the time, we never try to write a certain way. It's just how we felt at that particular square at a time. I thought Plastic Green Head was a little more depressing than Manic Frustration. And after the Manic Frustration album we weren't getting along too well in Trouble at all, y'know, and a lot of like drug references were included into the lyrics of Plastic Green Head, 'coz everybody, well at least me, started to party more and get away like I had enough. I just tried to forget about shit. So this new album, Seven, is more like... getting away from that again, you know what I mean? I guess maybe it could be compared to our other albums, maybe the Trouble record could be the one more like that... something like that. The Skull album was depressing, too because we were doing lots of drugs back then. So "End of My Daze" was the beginning of that beginning again, so this new one is kind of the same thing again. So if I had to compare it to any of our stuff, I would say that one maybe. Uh... it's still really hard to say which of our earlier albums I should compare our new stuff to. It's damn difficult."

Paragraph 16: Diamond turning is turning using a cutting tool with a diamond tip. It is a process of mechanical machining of precision elements using lathes or derivative machine tools (e.g., turn-mills, rotary transfers) equipped with natural or synthetic diamond-tipped tool bits. The term single-point diamond turning (SPDT) is sometimes applied, although as with other lathe work, the "single-point" label is sometimes only nominal (radiused tool noses and contoured form tools being options). The process of diamond turning is widely used to manufacture high-quality aspheric optical elements from crystals, metals, acrylic, and other materials. Plastic optics are frequently molded using diamond turned mold inserts. Optical elements produced by the means of diamond turning are used in optical assemblies in telescopes, video projectors, missile guidance systems, lasers, scientific research instruments, and numerous other systems and devices. Most SPDT today is done with computer numerical control (CNC) machine tools. Diamonds also serve in other machining processes, such as milling, grinding, and honing. Diamond turned surfaces have a high specular brightness and require no additional polishing or buffing, unlike other conventionally machined surfaces.

Paragraph 17: The Herero people of Namibia are ruled by traditional leaders, the highest office is that of the Paramount Chief. During part of the South African apartheid administration in South West Africa, when Hereroland was a bantustan (designated area for Herero settlement), they additionally had a political representative to the South African Administration, which was decoupled from chieftaincy in 1980. Fast forward a few years after Independence in 1990, there are many traditional authorities in terms of Traditional Authorities Act, 1995 (Act No. 25 of 2000 as amended). Since the implementation of the Traditional Authorities Act in 1995, the independent government of the Republic of Namibia sought to recognize individual royal houses within the Ovaherero communities as stand-alone traditional authorities and denied recognition the overarching Ovaherero Traditional Authority (OTA) that has been in existence since 1863. Paramount Chief Riruako fought for recognition and the Authority was then recognized in 2008 and himself gazetted as head of the traditional community at the beginning of 2009. He and others instituted a legal claim against three German companies.  When Riruako passed on June 2nd, 2014, many groups saw the opportunity to seize the opportunity to control the heart and soul of the Ovaherero Traditional Authority. The Chiefs Council appointed Tumbee Tjombe as Acting Paramount Chief and when he died a month later, a senior councilor Vipuira Kapuuo and Chairperson was appointed as Acting Paramount Chief as per customary law. Adv Vekuii Rukoro was then elected as the new paramount chief on 22nd September 2014, with a clear mission to fight for the reparation of Ovaherero and Nama peoples whose ancestors were exterminated by the Imperial German government during the period of 1904 to 1908. Adv Rukoro with his Nama counterpart, Gaob David Frederick and later on Gaob Johannes Isaak, demanded direct participations in the negotiations for reparation with the German Government, but the Namibian and German governments denied them of their rights to self-representation. In 2017 the Ovaherero and Nama leaders filed a class action lawsuit in the Southern Court of New York, a case which ended up in the Supreme Court of the United States of America. Adv Rukoro passed on, on 18th June 2021, due to Covid-19 complications, and subsequently the one faction of the Ovaherero Chiefs Council under Chief Tjiundje unanimously appointed Professor Dr Mutjinde Katjiua as his successor. Prof Katjiua had served as Rukoro's right hand in his capacity of the OTA Secretary-General, In April 2022, Professor Dr Mutjinde Katjiua took Chief Kapuuo to court on an urgent basis as per statutory law, but he could not prove in court that he was indeed the Paramount Chief. On the 12th of April 2022, Judge Oosthuizen J established that Dr. Mutjinde Katjiua lacks the locus standi to have brought the application under the Ovaherero Traditional Authority - Case number: HC-MD-CIV-MOT-GEN-2022/00126 However, the Chairperson of the Chiefs Council and Senate, Senior Councilor Vipuira Kapuuo, who claimed the position of automatic Acting Paramount Chief as per customary law filed a lawsuit seeking to ascertain his role and powers under customary law, tradition and protocols. The case is before court (current Feb/March 2023), In the meantime Kapuuo convened an elective Senate to elect a new paramount chief, and at this senate meeting, Dr. Hoze Riruako emerged victorious as the new Paramount Chief of the great Ovaherero Nation. Dr. Riruako is a nephew of Chief Hosea Kutako and Chief Dr Kuaima Riruako.  As it stands there are two Paramount Chiefs in the Ovaherero Traditional Authority

Paragraph 18: He began to paint nudes, portraits, still life and genre scenes from suburban life; from 1954 he exclusively painted urban scenes. He had his first exhibition in 1955 and independent show in 1956. He was a protagonist of urban landscape in naïve art and outsider art in the South–Slavic region. Despite his great freedom in presentation and stylization, his compositions did not exceed the domain of the explicit and the recognizable, because he took black and white postcards with monumental buildings as models, and copied them by using carbon paper, then magnified them, always adding something from his fantasy. Realistic appearance and coloring of buildings were subordinated to the artist's fancy, sometimes not the least like original. He painted the towns at the Adriatic Coast, the North Sea, England, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, France, India, etc. Defining the arches and architraves by use of frieze of dominoes, scattered buttons instead of oculi the artist showed his lucidity. With his irresistible wish to make the reality more beautiful, to make the grey colourful, he uses warm, sound and fauvist bright tints. The absence of narration, i.e. the abstract forms, coloring, inclination to the geometrical, strong rhythm and stylization in the presentation, flatness and ornamentation point to instinctively conceived modern sensibility of Emerik Feješ. A figure did not interest him much, but the dance of tiles, specific boogie-woogie, by which he made unique, cheerful scenery, rhapsodies of shapes and colours, behind which he used to hide, lonely, ill and fragile like a small, grey screw in the machinery of mainstream which devours everything. He lived in his own world of infantile game of colours and lines in the ambience of everlasting childhood. He was not considerably prominent during his lifetime. His art was recognized by the audience many years later. He is a world classic today.

Paragraph 19: In the 1980s a fierce interchange took place between Gardner and Colin Wilson.  In The Quest for Wilhelm Reich Wilson wrote of this book(Gardner) writes about various kinds of cranks with the conscious superiority of the scientist, and in most cases one can share his sense of the victory of reason. But after half a dozen chapters this non-stop superiority begins to irritate; you begin to wonder about the standards that make him so certain he is always right. He asserts that the scientist, unlike the crank, does his best to remain open-minded. So how can he be so sure that no sane person has ever seen a flying saucer, or used a dowsing rod to locate water? And that all the people he disagrees with are unbalanced fanatics? A colleague of the positivist philosopher A. J. Ayer once remarked wryly "I wish I was as certain of anything as he seems to be about everything". Martin Gardner produces the same feeling. By Wilson's own account, up to that time he and Gardner had been friends, but Gardner took offence. In February 1989 Gardner wrote a letter published in The New York Review of Books describing Wilson as "England’s leading journalist of the occult, and a firm believer in ghosts, poltergeists, levitations, dowsing, PK (psychokinesis), ESP, and every other aspect of the psychic scene". Shortly afterwards, Wilson replied, defending himself and adding "What strikes me as so interesting is that when Mr. Gardner—and his colleagues of CSICOP—begin to denounce the 'Yahoos of the paranormal,' they manage to generate an atmosphere of such intense hysteria ...". Gardner in turn replied quoting his own earlier description of Wilson: "The former boy wonder, tall and handsome in his turtleneck sweater, has now decayed into one of those amiable eccentrics for which the land of Conan Doyle is noted. They prowl comically about the lunatic fringes of science ..."

Paragraph 20: Diamond turning is turning using a cutting tool with a diamond tip. It is a process of mechanical machining of precision elements using lathes or derivative machine tools (e.g., turn-mills, rotary transfers) equipped with natural or synthetic diamond-tipped tool bits. The term single-point diamond turning (SPDT) is sometimes applied, although as with other lathe work, the "single-point" label is sometimes only nominal (radiused tool noses and contoured form tools being options). The process of diamond turning is widely used to manufacture high-quality aspheric optical elements from crystals, metals, acrylic, and other materials. Plastic optics are frequently molded using diamond turned mold inserts. Optical elements produced by the means of diamond turning are used in optical assemblies in telescopes, video projectors, missile guidance systems, lasers, scientific research instruments, and numerous other systems and devices. Most SPDT today is done with computer numerical control (CNC) machine tools. Diamonds also serve in other machining processes, such as milling, grinding, and honing. Diamond turned surfaces have a high specular brightness and require no additional polishing or buffing, unlike other conventionally machined surfaces.

Paragraph 21: On 2 February 2015 the former Minister of National Security, Gary Griffith and former attorney general Anand Ramlogan were revoked of their appointment to office under request by former prime minister of Trinidad and Tobago Kamla Persad-Bissessar, along with the call for resignation from the former director of the Police Complaints Authority (PCA) David West following their roles in a witness-tampering investigation ordered by acting police commissioner Stephen Williams. The former prime minister also revoked the appointments of former senate president Timothy Hamel-Smith, former sports minister Rupert Griffith, former Ministry in the Works and Transport Minister Stacy Roopnarine, former minister in the National Security Ministry Embau Moheni, and former justice minister Emmanuel George. Persad-Bissessar had also given up the portfolio of Social Development and People Ministry. Griffith was succeeded by retired brigadier general Carlton Alfonso, who held the position as Minister of National Security until the general elections of 2015, in which the People's National Movement was elected into government. The allegations started when former director of the Police Complaints Authority (PCA) David West, had signed a statement in which he claimed that the former attorney general Anand Ramlogan had asked the director of the PCA to withdraw a witness statement he had made in a defamation matter against the Opposition Leader at the time. Ramlogan denied the allegation and an investigation was subsequently launched by the Trinidad and Tobago Police Service. Shortly following, it was alleged that Gary Griffith, upon the advice of Anand Ramlogan, telephoned the director of the PCA to query whether or not he had withdrawn the witness statement in question. The former minister had later confirmed that such a call had indeed taken place. A few days later, on the night of 2 February 2015, the former prime minister addressed the public and press on the matters surrounding the investigation, in which she stated, "While I am not in a position to determine neither guilt nor innocence in this matter, it is of grave enough consequence to warrant serious consideration and immediate action." This was followed by stating that a request had been made to former president Anthony Carmona for the immediate removal of former attorney general Anand Ramlogan and former minister of national security Gary Griffith, along with the removal of former senate president Timothy Hamel-Smith, former sports minister Rupert Griffith, former Ministry in the Works and Transport Minister Stacy Roopnarine, former Minister in the National Security Ministry Embau Moheni, and former justice minister Emmanuel George. The former prime minister subsequently requested the appointment of former minister of legal affairs Prakash Ramadar to also serve as the minister of justice, Christine Hosein as Minister of the People and Social Development, Brent Sancho as Minister of Sport, Kwasi Mutema as Minister in the Ministry of National Security, Garvin Nicholas as Attorney General, and retired brigadier general Carlton Alfonso as Minister of National Security.

Paragraph 22: Lutz was the third child of Margarete and Ludwig Heck (1860–1951), director of Berlin Zoo from 1888 to 1931. He grew up with his brother in the grounds of the Berlin zoo and became very interested in animals and zoology from an early age. He was also influenced by German colonial explorer friends of his father and their tales from Africa. Lutz studied natural sciences at the University of Berlin. In 1925, Lutz went on a collection expedition to Ethiopia to obtain animals for Berlin Zoo. As a student he joined volunteer forces fighting protesting socialists on the streets of Berlin. After receiving his doctorate in 1922 he worked at Halle and became an assistant director at Berlin Zoo in 1927. In 1935 he went to Canada to obtain bison and moose specimens for the zoo. The trip, supported by Hermann Göring, was also a public relations exercise. He spoke to German expatriates on the benefits of National Socialism. Lutz took over as director of Berlin Zoo in 1932 but before that he worked with his brother Heinz Heck who became director (in 1928) of the largest zoological garden in southern Germany, Tierpark Hellabrunn in Munich. Along with his brother he started, from the 1920s, a selective breeding program, which attempted – based on the knowledge of animal genetics of the time – to "recreate" wild animal species such as the aurochs that are extinct, from various forms of the domestic animals whose ancestors they were "breeding back". They examined cave paintings and breeds across Europe for their idea of what the aurochs' ancestors may have been. By their work they created breeds of cattle and horse – later named "Heck cattle" and "Heck horse" respectively, after their creators – that are not sufficiently similar to their ancestors to be called a successful resurrection, although Heinz and Lutz Heck believed they had "resurrected" the breeds by their efforts. Lutz was interested in hunting and he chose fierce fighting breeds of cattle for his breeding experiments. He saw a plan to release his reconstituted aurochs into Hermann Goering’s private hunting reserves planned (as part of Generalplan Ost) in the Bialowieza forest between Poland and Belarus. Most of these were killed in the war.

Paragraph 23: Lutz was the third child of Margarete and Ludwig Heck (1860–1951), director of Berlin Zoo from 1888 to 1931. He grew up with his brother in the grounds of the Berlin zoo and became very interested in animals and zoology from an early age. He was also influenced by German colonial explorer friends of his father and their tales from Africa. Lutz studied natural sciences at the University of Berlin. In 1925, Lutz went on a collection expedition to Ethiopia to obtain animals for Berlin Zoo. As a student he joined volunteer forces fighting protesting socialists on the streets of Berlin. After receiving his doctorate in 1922 he worked at Halle and became an assistant director at Berlin Zoo in 1927. In 1935 he went to Canada to obtain bison and moose specimens for the zoo. The trip, supported by Hermann Göring, was also a public relations exercise. He spoke to German expatriates on the benefits of National Socialism. Lutz took over as director of Berlin Zoo in 1932 but before that he worked with his brother Heinz Heck who became director (in 1928) of the largest zoological garden in southern Germany, Tierpark Hellabrunn in Munich. Along with his brother he started, from the 1920s, a selective breeding program, which attempted – based on the knowledge of animal genetics of the time – to "recreate" wild animal species such as the aurochs that are extinct, from various forms of the domestic animals whose ancestors they were "breeding back". They examined cave paintings and breeds across Europe for their idea of what the aurochs' ancestors may have been. By their work they created breeds of cattle and horse – later named "Heck cattle" and "Heck horse" respectively, after their creators – that are not sufficiently similar to their ancestors to be called a successful resurrection, although Heinz and Lutz Heck believed they had "resurrected" the breeds by their efforts. Lutz was interested in hunting and he chose fierce fighting breeds of cattle for his breeding experiments. He saw a plan to release his reconstituted aurochs into Hermann Goering’s private hunting reserves planned (as part of Generalplan Ost) in the Bialowieza forest between Poland and Belarus. Most of these were killed in the war.

Paragraph 24: The Prisión Fatal concept was originally unveiled on December 2, 2012, during IWRG's first ever Prisión Fatal event. The match concept involved a 15 foot tall steel cage surrounding the wrestling ring. The competitors, so far always four, would each be attached by the wrist to a long chain where the other end is attached to the cage. The object of the match is to reach the key to the lock that is hung from the cage. Once a wrestler has the key he is able to unlock himself and climb out of the cage, thus escaping the match. The last man left in the ring would be forced to unmask and reveal his real name if he is masked, or have his hair shaved totally off if he is unmasked, as per the Luchas de Apuestas traditions. For the match Rayo de Jalisco, Jr. and Cien Caras, Jr. both risk their mask on the outcome while Pirata Morgan and Máscara Año 2000, Jr. risk their hair. Of the four wrestlers involved Máscara Año 2000, Jr. has only lost one Apuestas match, which forced him to unmask, while Pirata Morgan has lost a number of Apuestas matches and thus been shaved bald on multiple occasions in his 30-plus year career. Cien Caras, Jr. and Máscara Año 2000, Jr. had at this point been teaming together since 2007, forming Los Capos Junior along with Hijo de Máscara Año 2000, with no storyline signs of tension or friction between the two before the match was announced. Rayo de Jalisco, Jr. had not worked for IWRG on a regular basis since 2006 and not worked for IWRG in the months leading up to the Prisión Fatal show, making his inclusion in the steel cage match a bit of a surprise. Rayo de Jalisco, Jr. had been involved in a long running storyline feud with Los Capos, including Máscara Año 2000, Jr.'s father Máscara Año 2000, the storyline father of Cien Caras, Jr., Cien Caras and Universo 2000, but that storyline had up until the time of the show being announced only sporadically involved the second-generation Capos, primarily when Rayo de Jalisco, Jr. teamed up with his son Rayman to take on the senior/junior Máscara Año 2000s. Pirata Morgan and his sons had been a regular worker for IWRG for several years and had at times wrestled Los Capos Junior, but this had never escalated into a long running storyline feud. The first real interaction between the factions in the main event of the Prisión Fatal show happened on March 10, 2013, during the main event of an IWRG event where Cien Caras, Jr. and Máscara Año 2000, Jr. teamed up with Hijo de Máscara Año 2000 to take on the team of Hijo de Pirata Morgan, Pirata Morgan and Electroshock. During the match Cien Caras, Jr. used an illegal low blow on Hijo de Pirata Morgan to win the first fall for his team, taking advantage of the fact that all six competitors were in the ring at the same time, distracting the referee. During the second fall Pirata Morgan tried to gain a measure of revenge for his son and pulled Cien Caras, Jr.'s mask off, but this illegal move was noticed by the referee who disqualified his team for the overall loss. Following the match all six wrestlers fought both inside and outside of the ring until they were separated by officials.

Paragraph 25: While designing the setting, the team used elements from multiple locations, including New York City, San Francisco and London. As the game was being developed for a Nintendo console, the team included multiple Nintendo-themed Easter eggs for players to find. The team had to create a new game engine as previous ones were not able to cope with the scale of the environments. They also wanted the main character, Chase McCain, to have depth as they knew both children and adults would play the game. Undercover features full voice acting, which at the time development started was a first for the series, although due to development time, others featuring voice acting were developed and released ahead of it. For the voice casting, the team used voice casting and recording company Side UK. A large voice casting session was held, and several established comedians were specifically asked to come in as the team wanted good delivery for the funny sections of the script. By the time the script writer, former stand-up comedian Graham Goring, was brought on board, a rough outline of the story had been created. His main role was to fill in the gaps and put in as much humor as possible. Goring was given a lot of freedom when it came to the parodies, although the team were regularly consulted on the suitability of the material and a script editor was assigned to check his work. Drawing on his former profession, Goring included a large amount of one-liners and humor intended for both children and adults. Following the template of The Simpsons, the game contains a high number of family-friendly parodies, referencing movies such as The Shawshank Redemption and The Matrix, and TV series such as Starsky & Hutch. The game's story took a while to write, as the team wanted to give it depth.Lego City Undercover was announced during Nintendo's press conference at E3 2011 on 7 June 2011 under the tentative title Lego City Stories. At Nintendo's press conference at E3 2012 on 5 June 2012, the game was revealed to have had a name change to Lego City Undercover. It is the first Lego title published by Nintendo. The game's debut trailer was shown during that event, revealing game footage for the first time. During the Nintendo Direct held on 13 September 2012, some new trailers detailing the story were shown, along with the announcement that a Chase McCain minifigure would come with the game as a pre-order bonus on North America and Australia while stocks last, and be included in the first copies of the game on Europe. A police high speed chase toy was also released and includes a code for additional in-game content. Nintendo also published the game in Japan on 25 July 2013.

Paragraph 26:  O EmmanuelHeaven-Haven (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Gerard Manley Hopkins.Let Beauty Be Our Memorial (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by J.A.C. Redford.Sound Becoming Song (2013) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of Ode to St. Cecilia by Malcolm Guite.Treasures in Heaven (2013) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus.  B Is For Bethlehem (2012) - A setting of Isabel Wilner’s Christmas alphabet for children in versions for SSA or SATB choruses with piano accompaniment.Musica Dei Donum Optimi (2012) - An a cappella fanfare for mixed chorus of the traditional Latin text.The Gift (2012) - An a cappella reverie for mixed chorus of Musica Dei Donum Optimi, combining Latin and English texts.Rest Now, My Sister (2011) - An elegy for mixed chorus and orchestra.Alleluia Amen (2011) - An a cappella anthem for mixed chorus with soprano solo.O Sapientia (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a sonnet by Malcolm Guite.I Saw the Cherubim (2011) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by Robert Wagner.  There is also a version with orchestral accompaniment.Morning Canticles (2011) - Canticles from the Book of Common Prayer for mixed chorus and orchestra.Wake Up, My Spirit (2009) - A setting of Psalm 57 for mixed chorus with oboe and harp.What the Bird Said Early in the Year (2008) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by C. S. Lewis.In the Beauty of Holiness (2008) - A setting of combined passages from Psalms and 1 Chronicles for mixed chorus and orchestra.Glory (2008) - A Christmas anthem for mixed chorus and orchestra adapted from the second chapter of Luke.Time and a Summer's Day (2006) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of two sonnets by William Shakespeare.Of Mercy and Judgment (2005) - An anthem for choir with piano accompaniment.Evening Wind (2005) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by Marjorie W. Avery.Night Pieces (2004) - A setting of three Wordsworth nocturnes for mixed chorus and five instruments.The Martyrdom of St. Polycarp (2004) - An oratorio for mixed chorus, soloists and orchestra to a libretto by Scott Cairns.Down to the River to Pray (2003) - An a cappella arrangement by Elizabeth Ladizinsky and J.A.C. Redford of the traditional song made popular by the film, O Brother, Where Art ThouNapili Bay, 2PM (2002) - An a cappella setting for mixed chorus of a poem by the composer.love is the every only god (2001) - A song cycle for mixed chorus with piano accompaniment to poems by E. E. Cummings

Paragraph 27: The sole surviving example of an O-38 is on display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB near Dayton, Ohio. For several decades it was believed that no examples of this aircraft survived, until the wreckage of an O-38F was located in Alaska in the late 1960s. This aircraft was the first airplane to land at Ladd Field near Fairbanks, Alaska, in October 1940. It had gone down on 16 June 1941 as a result of engine failure, and made a soft landing in the Alaskan wilderness about  southeast of Fairbanks. Both crewmen survived the landing unhurt, and hiked to safety after supplies were dropped to them, but the aircraft's location was considered too remote for it to be salvaged. The wreckage was eventually rediscovered nearly thirty years later during an aerial survey of the area, and the plane's type was soon identified. The staff of the Air Force Museum recognized it as the last surviving example, and quickly assembled a team to examine the aircraft for possible retrieval and restoration. Upon arriving at the crash site they found the aircraft surprisingly well preserved, with only the two seats and the tailwheel curiously missing. The team was even able to light their campfires using the aircraft's remaining fuel. Plans were soon made to remove the aircraft by a CH-47 Chinook helicopter from Fort Greeley on 10 June 1968, and it was transported back to Dayton, Ohio. Meanwhile, the missing seats were found in the shack of a local frontiersman where they were being used as chairs. The missing tailwheel was taken because he thought he might build a wheelbarrow someday. The restoration by the museum's staff took several years, and many structural pieces of the wings had to be reverse engineered from original plans and damaged parts. The finished aircraft with its original engine was completed and placed on display in 1974. It is currently displayed hanging in the museum's Interwar Years Gallery.

Paragraph 28: Since 1 May 2015, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) imposed restrictions on the operation of wide-body aircraft such as Boeing 777 and 747 for a period of six months for runway recarpeting, which had been long overdue at this airport. As a result, Emirates, Saudia and two Air India Boeing 747 flight operations had to move temporarily to Cochin International Airport during this time. The airport authorities had expressed doubt about getting permission to operate wide-bodied aircraft from the airport, even after the completion of the recarpeting, for the runway in the airport is not large enough for the operation of jumbo aircraft. AAI had earlier instructed that all airports using widebody aircraft must have 240 m of Runway End Safety Area (RESA) in each direction, whereas that of Calicut Airport must have 90 m. The airport director K Janardhanan said the short runway was a major hurdle in operating wide-bodied aircraft from the tabletop runway and the runway length should be extended from the current 2,850 m to 3,150 m to operate wide-bodied aircraft, he added. The major hurdle in extending the runway is the delay in acquiring the land which requires a total of  of land for extending the runway and associated facilities. The state government has been finding the task difficult, for it requires relocation of 1,500 families living around the airport. As of 10 June 2016, not much action has been taken for land acquisition to help increase the runway length. The AAI decided to get a runway safety area to avoid the aircraft overrunning the end of the table-top runway. On 7 August 2020, wide-body aircraft have been banned from flying to CCJ after the crash of IX 1344, which overran the table-top runway. As of November 2020, the airport does not have the recommended Runway safety area or Engineered Materials Arresting System installed. The land acquisition procedures for runway development are progressing as of July 2022.

Paragraph 29: After university, Wilkes entered the New Zealand Staff Corps. He then served in World War I, initially as a Lieutenant with the Advance Party of the 2nd New Zealand Rifle Brigade in 1915, with whom he fought in Egypt as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force until 1916. He then participated in the Western European campaign until 1919, as well as the Army of Occupation of Germany, serving as a brigade major and DAQMG (Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General) to a division serving in France. During his service he was awarded the Military Cross (December 1917, London Gazette 1 January 1918) and was twice mentioned in despatches. He received additionally the 1914-15 Star, British War Medal, and Victory Medal with oak leaf. During his army career Wilkes had been seconded to the Royal Flying Corps, and when he was discharged from the Army in November 1919, he returned to his former occupation as an officer of the New Zealand Staff Corps, being the only officer qualified as a pilot. He was also appointed to the Royal New Zealand Air Force's Air Board as Secretary, where later, as Controller of Civil Aviation, he would serve alongside Sir Leonard Monk Isitt (with whom, when both were Captains, Wilkes had flown over Mount Cook), H. W. L. Saunders, Fred Jones, and Arthur de Terrotte Nevill. From 1925 to 1931, Wilkes held the position of Director of Air Services with the New Zealand Permanent Air Force, having transferred from the NZSC. In 1929, he was posted to London as liaison officer with the Air Ministry, keeping the New Zealand Government informed of developments in the RAF and also negotiating the purchasing of aircraft. Early in 1931, as part of the Government's economy campaign, Wilkes was recalled and the liaison office was closed. In 1931, he was reappointed to the position of DAS (retaining this until the 1937 reorganisation of the RNZAF), and in 1933 was additionally named Controller of Civil Aviation. In 1936, when the New Zealand Government decided to establish an autonomous Air Force free from Army control; Wilkes, as Director of Air Services, was responsible for preparing a scheme and ascertaining costs. With the input of a British Air Force adviser, Wing Commander (later Air Chief Marshal) the Hon. Sir Ralph Cochrane, AFC, RAF, who later took the position of Chief of the Air Staff, the objective was reached. During this time Wilkes also served as New Zealand Liaison Officer to RAAF Melbourne from 1940-1946, and to the Netherland Forces in the East from 1944-1946, at which time he retired.

Paragraph 30: Mojo! is a 2003 puzzle video game released for PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The player controls a marble through a series of traps in order to break all of the colored blocks in a level. It is somewhat similar to Super Monkey Ball, Marble Blast Gold, and Marble Madness, yet is much different and provides a much larger set of puzzles and obstacles to solve. Players receive a bonus if they beat a level in a certain amount of time. There are 100 levels included in the game, and a few multiplayer modes. There is also a stage editor where players can create all new levels. The PlayStation 2 version was issued on CD while the Xbox version was issued on DVD.

Paragraph 31: Since 1 May 2015, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) imposed restrictions on the operation of wide-body aircraft such as Boeing 777 and 747 for a period of six months for runway recarpeting, which had been long overdue at this airport. As a result, Emirates, Saudia and two Air India Boeing 747 flight operations had to move temporarily to Cochin International Airport during this time. The airport authorities had expressed doubt about getting permission to operate wide-bodied aircraft from the airport, even after the completion of the recarpeting, for the runway in the airport is not large enough for the operation of jumbo aircraft. AAI had earlier instructed that all airports using widebody aircraft must have 240 m of Runway End Safety Area (RESA) in each direction, whereas that of Calicut Airport must have 90 m. The airport director K Janardhanan said the short runway was a major hurdle in operating wide-bodied aircraft from the tabletop runway and the runway length should be extended from the current 2,850 m to 3,150 m to operate wide-bodied aircraft, he added. The major hurdle in extending the runway is the delay in acquiring the land which requires a total of  of land for extending the runway and associated facilities. The state government has been finding the task difficult, for it requires relocation of 1,500 families living around the airport. As of 10 June 2016, not much action has been taken for land acquisition to help increase the runway length. The AAI decided to get a runway safety area to avoid the aircraft overrunning the end of the table-top runway. On 7 August 2020, wide-body aircraft have been banned from flying to CCJ after the crash of IX 1344, which overran the table-top runway. As of November 2020, the airport does not have the recommended Runway safety area or Engineered Materials Arresting System installed. The land acquisition procedures for runway development are progressing as of July 2022.

Paragraph 32: Section 6 covers the different "Technology Trials" performed. First, Inflatable habitats were investigated to provide a "shirtsleeve indoor environment" for the astronauts. The article further suggests that if the cave's cross sectional surface area is properly sized, an inflatable cave liner could be placed in the cave and inflated requiring no additional support systems. The article then suggests using a dual-liner system in which an outer liner provides a surface against the cave surface and a pressure seal and an inner liner provides a habitat for the astronauts. Machinery and life support systems could be placed in between the redundant liners. The report also outlines methods of folding, manufacturing, transporting, replacing, and inflating these liners. Another main topic of this section is the "foamed in place" airlocks. These are designed to be shape-conforming to highly irregular openings along with easy to deploy and leak tight. Their final proposed system is an airlock unit with multiple extending telescoping legs to all of the cave walls. The space between the airlocks and the cave walls are then filled with hardening, spray-able, airtight foam. Next, the report outlines methods by which an inert pressure atmosphere could be created by pressurizing the gasses present on Mars, particularly Argon. This would allow human scientists only to wear breathing apparatuses and not require full pressure suits. It is suggested that cavernous spaces not be filled with oxygen or other reactive gasses as this would nullify any potential scientific value of the cave along with potentially being harmful to the humans breathing in the atmosphere inside. Finally, this section covers a system that would allow communication networks inside caves. This was also tested in a real cave (Robertson's Cave) and future modifications are suggested for increasing bandwidth and signal strength.

Paragraph 33: The sole surviving example of an O-38 is on display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB near Dayton, Ohio. For several decades it was believed that no examples of this aircraft survived, until the wreckage of an O-38F was located in Alaska in the late 1960s. This aircraft was the first airplane to land at Ladd Field near Fairbanks, Alaska, in October 1940. It had gone down on 16 June 1941 as a result of engine failure, and made a soft landing in the Alaskan wilderness about  southeast of Fairbanks. Both crewmen survived the landing unhurt, and hiked to safety after supplies were dropped to them, but the aircraft's location was considered too remote for it to be salvaged. The wreckage was eventually rediscovered nearly thirty years later during an aerial survey of the area, and the plane's type was soon identified. The staff of the Air Force Museum recognized it as the last surviving example, and quickly assembled a team to examine the aircraft for possible retrieval and restoration. Upon arriving at the crash site they found the aircraft surprisingly well preserved, with only the two seats and the tailwheel curiously missing. The team was even able to light their campfires using the aircraft's remaining fuel. Plans were soon made to remove the aircraft by a CH-47 Chinook helicopter from Fort Greeley on 10 June 1968, and it was transported back to Dayton, Ohio. Meanwhile, the missing seats were found in the shack of a local frontiersman where they were being used as chairs. The missing tailwheel was taken because he thought he might build a wheelbarrow someday. The restoration by the museum's staff took several years, and many structural pieces of the wings had to be reverse engineered from original plans and damaged parts. The finished aircraft with its original engine was completed and placed on display in 1974. It is currently displayed hanging in the museum's Interwar Years Gallery.

Paragraph 34: Mojo! is a 2003 puzzle video game released for PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The player controls a marble through a series of traps in order to break all of the colored blocks in a level. It is somewhat similar to Super Monkey Ball, Marble Blast Gold, and Marble Madness, yet is much different and provides a much larger set of puzzles and obstacles to solve. Players receive a bonus if they beat a level in a certain amount of time. There are 100 levels included in the game, and a few multiplayer modes. There is also a stage editor where players can create all new levels. The PlayStation 2 version was issued on CD while the Xbox version was issued on DVD.

Paragraph 35: Section 6 covers the different "Technology Trials" performed. First, Inflatable habitats were investigated to provide a "shirtsleeve indoor environment" for the astronauts. The article further suggests that if the cave's cross sectional surface area is properly sized, an inflatable cave liner could be placed in the cave and inflated requiring no additional support systems. The article then suggests using a dual-liner system in which an outer liner provides a surface against the cave surface and a pressure seal and an inner liner provides a habitat for the astronauts. Machinery and life support systems could be placed in between the redundant liners. The report also outlines methods of folding, manufacturing, transporting, replacing, and inflating these liners. Another main topic of this section is the "foamed in place" airlocks. These are designed to be shape-conforming to highly irregular openings along with easy to deploy and leak tight. Their final proposed system is an airlock unit with multiple extending telescoping legs to all of the cave walls. The space between the airlocks and the cave walls are then filled with hardening, spray-able, airtight foam. Next, the report outlines methods by which an inert pressure atmosphere could be created by pressurizing the gasses present on Mars, particularly Argon. This would allow human scientists only to wear breathing apparatuses and not require full pressure suits. It is suggested that cavernous spaces not be filled with oxygen or other reactive gasses as this would nullify any potential scientific value of the cave along with potentially being harmful to the humans breathing in the atmosphere inside. Finally, this section covers a system that would allow communication networks inside caves. This was also tested in a real cave (Robertson's Cave) and future modifications are suggested for increasing bandwidth and signal strength.