Paragraph 1: The song's main remix, titled Desert Storm Remix, features female rappers Da Brat and Missy Elliott. It is the first of Carey's remixes that was produced by Desert Storm Records producer and rapper DJ Clue, who makes an introduction on the remix. The remix contains lyrical interpolations and an instrumental sample from "Ain't No Fun (If the Homies Can't Have None)" by Snoop Dogg. In an interview with MTV News, Carey spoke of the song's remix before its official release in August 1999: "And then the remix. I'm so excited about the remix. It's also gonna go on the album, and it features Missy Elliott and Da Brat, and it's kinda like a girl-power answer record, and it's to the loop of Snoop [Dogg]'s 'Ain't No Fun.' They're not ready for that one!". A separate music video was filmed for the remix, shot in black and white and featuring a cameo appearance by Dogg. The Desert Storm Remix received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine chose the song as one of the top three cuts on Rainbow, alongside the original. Danyel Smith from Entertainment Weekly called it "[an] overblown [...] miscalculation" and wrote "Missy Elliott's and Da Brat's bad sexual politics sink the tired 'Heartbreaker [Remix].' Larry Flick from Billboard, called the remix "muscular" and "street-savvy" and wrote "Missy Elliott and Da Brat lace rhymes into the track, which is enhanced by the sample from Snoop Dogg's 'Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None)'."

Paragraph 2: Upon its appearance in 1880, the first version of La Croix was a monthly news magazine. The Augustinians of the Assumption, who ran the paper, realised that the monthly format was not getting the widespread readership that the paper deserved. Therefore, the Augustinians of the Assumption, decided to convert to a daily sheet sold at one penny. Accordingly, La Croix transitioned into a daily newspaper on 16 June 1883. Father Emmanuel d'Alzon (1810–1880), the founder of the Assumptionists and the Oblates of the Assumption, started the paper. Also, La Croix's biggest early advocate was Father . La Bonne Presse was the first publishing house of the newspaper, which would be called Bayard Presse in 1950.

Paragraph 3: People who don't have clinical leprosy (Hansen's disease, or HD) may have little or no skin reaction to the antigen, or may have a strong reaction to it. This is because lepromin only tests for infection, not for ongoing disease. It is believed that most people exposed to Mycobacterium leprae are not infected and thus would not respond, or are infected but self-resolve or never manifest overt symptoms and therefore would respond to the lepromin skin test. Paradoxically, however, patients with "lepromatous" (Virchowian) HD, the most severe and transmissible form,  have no skin reaction to the antigen. This is because an effective immune response to the bacterium is a result of a cellular immune response (T-cell mediated) rather than a humoral response (B-cell/antibody). Lepromatous HD, the more severe and disfiguring form is a result of the patient's immune response being mainly humoral in nature.  Antibodies, the main effectors of a humoral response, are ineffective against M. leprae because of the unusually dense and waxy nature of the mycolic acid containing bacterial cell wall, and so the bacterium proliferates, causing the cutaneous disfigurements and peripheral neuropathologies characteristic of the disease. The reason there is little or no response to the lepromin test is that a positive response to lepromin is due to "delayed type hypersensitivity" that is T-cell mediated, and it is the failure of a robust T-cell response that results in the onset of lepromatous leprosy in the first place. However, given the severe nature of lepromatous leprosy, a skin test is unnecessary, and the definitive test, a biopsy, readily reveals the bacterium within lesions as well as the characteristic histopathology of HD. Moreover, lepromatous HD is typically diagnosed on clinical presentation alone.

Paragraph 4: Despite being a platform designed to be less centered on physical appearance, OkCupid co-founder Christian Rudder stated in 2009 that the male OkCupid users who were rated most physically attractive by female OkCupid users received 11 times as many messages as the lowest-rated male users did, the medium-rated male users received about four times as many messages, and the one-third of female users who were rated most physically attractive by the male users received about two-thirds of all messages sent by male users. Additionally, a study published in the August 2018 edition of Science Advances by researchers at the University of Michigan and the Santa Fe Institute found that users of an unnamed, popular, and free online dating service in New York City, Boston, Chicago, and Seattle typically pursued potential partners ranked on average 25 percent more desirable than they were (as measured by the PageRank algorithm). Coupled with data released by the dating app Tinder showing that only 26 million of the 1.6 billion swipes that the app records per day actually result in matches (despite users spending on average about an hour and a half per day on the app), an article published in the December 2018 issue of The Atlantic concluded "Unless you are exceptionally good-looking, the thing online dating may be best at is sucking up large amounts of time."

Paragraph 5:  Toss-up: These are multiple choice questions that can be answered by any of the 4 active players on either team in play. Teams have 5 seconds to buzz in and answer the question. If the first team's answer is incorrect, the opposing team will get another 5 seconds to answer. The team that buzzes in first gets to answer the question. A correct answer wins the team 4 points and the right to attempt a bonus question. No conferring is allowed on toss-ups. If a player buzzes in before a moderator finishes reading the question, the buzz is called an interrupt. An incorrect answer will cause the team to lose 4 points and the question to be re-read to the opposing team. This is the only situation in which a team can lose points. However, no points are lost for incorrect answers that are not interrupts. If a player begins an answer before being verbally recognized by the moderator, this is called a blurt. The answer is ignored (not indicated correct or incorrect by the moderator) and the question is re-read to the opposing team. There is no point penalty for a blurt, but the team that blurted is disqualified from answering that question.

Paragraph 6: Abu Bakr ibn Umar, a natural leader of Lamtuna extraction, a branch of the Sanhaja, and one of the original disciples of ibn Yasin who served as a spiritual liaison for followers of the Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence, was appointed chief commander after the death of his brother Yahya ibn Umar al-Lamtuni. His brother oversaw the military for ibn Yasin but was killed in the Battle of Tabfarilla against the Godala tribes in 1056. Ibn Yasin, too, would die in battle against the Barghawata three years later. Abu-Bakr was an able general, taking the fertile Sūs and its capital Aghmāt a year after his brother's death, and would go on to suppress numerous revolts in the Sahara—on one such occasion entrusting his pious cousin Yusuf with the stewardship of Sūs and thus the whole of his northern provinces. He appears to have handed him this authority in the interim but even went as far as to give Yusuf his wife, Zaynab an-Nafzawiyyah, purportedly the richest woman of Aghmāt. This sort of trust and favor on the part of a seasoned veteran and savvy politician reflected the general esteem in which Yusuf was held, not to mention the power he attained as a military figure in his absence. Daunted by Yusuf's new-found power, Abu Bakr saw any attempts at recapturing his post politically unfeasible and returned to the fringes of the Sahara to settle the unrest of the southern frontier.

Paragraph 7: People who don't have clinical leprosy (Hansen's disease, or HD) may have little or no skin reaction to the antigen, or may have a strong reaction to it. This is because lepromin only tests for infection, not for ongoing disease. It is believed that most people exposed to Mycobacterium leprae are not infected and thus would not respond, or are infected but self-resolve or never manifest overt symptoms and therefore would respond to the lepromin skin test. Paradoxically, however, patients with "lepromatous" (Virchowian) HD, the most severe and transmissible form,  have no skin reaction to the antigen. This is because an effective immune response to the bacterium is a result of a cellular immune response (T-cell mediated) rather than a humoral response (B-cell/antibody). Lepromatous HD, the more severe and disfiguring form is a result of the patient's immune response being mainly humoral in nature.  Antibodies, the main effectors of a humoral response, are ineffective against M. leprae because of the unusually dense and waxy nature of the mycolic acid containing bacterial cell wall, and so the bacterium proliferates, causing the cutaneous disfigurements and peripheral neuropathologies characteristic of the disease. The reason there is little or no response to the lepromin test is that a positive response to lepromin is due to "delayed type hypersensitivity" that is T-cell mediated, and it is the failure of a robust T-cell response that results in the onset of lepromatous leprosy in the first place. However, given the severe nature of lepromatous leprosy, a skin test is unnecessary, and the definitive test, a biopsy, readily reveals the bacterium within lesions as well as the characteristic histopathology of HD. Moreover, lepromatous HD is typically diagnosed on clinical presentation alone.

Paragraph 8: The song's main remix, titled Desert Storm Remix, features female rappers Da Brat and Missy Elliott. It is the first of Carey's remixes that was produced by Desert Storm Records producer and rapper DJ Clue, who makes an introduction on the remix. The remix contains lyrical interpolations and an instrumental sample from "Ain't No Fun (If the Homies Can't Have None)" by Snoop Dogg. In an interview with MTV News, Carey spoke of the song's remix before its official release in August 1999: "And then the remix. I'm so excited about the remix. It's also gonna go on the album, and it features Missy Elliott and Da Brat, and it's kinda like a girl-power answer record, and it's to the loop of Snoop [Dogg]'s 'Ain't No Fun.' They're not ready for that one!". A separate music video was filmed for the remix, shot in black and white and featuring a cameo appearance by Dogg. The Desert Storm Remix received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine chose the song as one of the top three cuts on Rainbow, alongside the original. Danyel Smith from Entertainment Weekly called it "[an] overblown [...] miscalculation" and wrote "Missy Elliott's and Da Brat's bad sexual politics sink the tired 'Heartbreaker [Remix].' Larry Flick from Billboard, called the remix "muscular" and "street-savvy" and wrote "Missy Elliott and Da Brat lace rhymes into the track, which is enhanced by the sample from Snoop Dogg's 'Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None)'."

Paragraph 9: Despite being a platform designed to be less centered on physical appearance, OkCupid co-founder Christian Rudder stated in 2009 that the male OkCupid users who were rated most physically attractive by female OkCupid users received 11 times as many messages as the lowest-rated male users did, the medium-rated male users received about four times as many messages, and the one-third of female users who were rated most physically attractive by the male users received about two-thirds of all messages sent by male users. Additionally, a study published in the August 2018 edition of Science Advances by researchers at the University of Michigan and the Santa Fe Institute found that users of an unnamed, popular, and free online dating service in New York City, Boston, Chicago, and Seattle typically pursued potential partners ranked on average 25 percent more desirable than they were (as measured by the PageRank algorithm). Coupled with data released by the dating app Tinder showing that only 26 million of the 1.6 billion swipes that the app records per day actually result in matches (despite users spending on average about an hour and a half per day on the app), an article published in the December 2018 issue of The Atlantic concluded "Unless you are exceptionally good-looking, the thing online dating may be best at is sucking up large amounts of time."

Paragraph 10: Several settlements popped up in the 1930s in this area. Eldorado Mine became the first producing venture and it had its own private camp for its employees. There were also operations at the Elbonanza silver property, at White Eagle on the Camsell River, and at Contact Lake. In 1932 prospectors and businesses settled down in a protective cove off Echo Bay, known as Cameron Bay. By 1933 the Canadian Government had surveyed a townsite. At its peak the Cameron Bay settlement had 100 permanent residents, and the Port Radium area as a whole probably boasted 200+ residents. But by 1934 all the important deposits had been staked and activity died down. The Eldorado Mine at LaBine Point entered production in 1933 and the Contact Lake silver mine followed in 1936. At Cameron Bay, the government established a post office, a government office, and a radio station. There was also a Royal Canadian Mounted Police post and a Hudson's Bay Company post. In 1936, the government facilities were rechristened Port Radium to glorify the nature of the nearby mining operations.

Paragraph 11: The Catholic Church holds that rebaptism is not possible:1272. Incorporated into Christ by Baptism, the person baptized is configured to Christ. Baptism seals the Christian with the indelible spiritual mark (character) of his belonging to Christ. No sin can erase this mark, even if sin prevents Baptism from bearing the fruits of salvation. Given once for all, Baptism cannot be repeated.The baptisms of those to be received into the Catholic Church from other Christian communities are held to be valid if administered using the Trinitarian formula. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church states:1256. The ordinary ministers of Baptism are the bishop and priest and, in the Latin Church, also the deacon. In case of necessity, anyone, even a non-baptized person, with the required intention, can baptize, by using the Trinitarian baptismal formula. The intention required is to will to do what the Church does when she baptizes. The Church finds the reason for this possibility in the universal saving will of God and the necessity of Baptism for salvation.[...]1284. In case of necessity, any person can baptize provided that he have the intention of doing that which the Church does and provided that he pours water on the candidate's head while saying: "I baptize you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit."The 1983 Code of Canon Law addresses cases in which the validity of a person's baptism is in doubt:Can.  869 §1. If there is a doubt whether a person has been baptized or whether baptism was conferred validly and the doubt remains after a serious investigation, baptism is to be conferred conditionally.§2. Those baptized in a non-Catholic ecclesial community must not be baptized conditionally unless, after an examination of the matter and the form of the words used in the conferral of baptism and a consideration of the intention of the baptized adult and the minister of the baptism, a serious reason exists to doubt the validity of the baptism.§3. If in the cases mentioned in §§1 and 2 the conferral or validity of the baptism remains doubtful, baptism is not to be conferred until after the doctrine of the sacrament of baptism is explained to the person to be baptized, if an adult, and the reasons of the doubtful validity of the baptism are explained to the person or, in the case of an infant, to the parents.In cases where a valid baptism is performed subsequent to an invalid attempt, it is held that only one baptism actually occurred, namely the valid one.  Thus baptism is never repeated.

Paragraph 12: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 13: The Catholic Church holds that rebaptism is not possible:1272. Incorporated into Christ by Baptism, the person baptized is configured to Christ. Baptism seals the Christian with the indelible spiritual mark (character) of his belonging to Christ. No sin can erase this mark, even if sin prevents Baptism from bearing the fruits of salvation. Given once for all, Baptism cannot be repeated.The baptisms of those to be received into the Catholic Church from other Christian communities are held to be valid if administered using the Trinitarian formula. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church states:1256. The ordinary ministers of Baptism are the bishop and priest and, in the Latin Church, also the deacon. In case of necessity, anyone, even a non-baptized person, with the required intention, can baptize, by using the Trinitarian baptismal formula. The intention required is to will to do what the Church does when she baptizes. The Church finds the reason for this possibility in the universal saving will of God and the necessity of Baptism for salvation.[...]1284. In case of necessity, any person can baptize provided that he have the intention of doing that which the Church does and provided that he pours water on the candidate's head while saying: "I baptize you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit."The 1983 Code of Canon Law addresses cases in which the validity of a person's baptism is in doubt:Can.  869 §1. If there is a doubt whether a person has been baptized or whether baptism was conferred validly and the doubt remains after a serious investigation, baptism is to be conferred conditionally.§2. Those baptized in a non-Catholic ecclesial community must not be baptized conditionally unless, after an examination of the matter and the form of the words used in the conferral of baptism and a consideration of the intention of the baptized adult and the minister of the baptism, a serious reason exists to doubt the validity of the baptism.§3. If in the cases mentioned in §§1 and 2 the conferral or validity of the baptism remains doubtful, baptism is not to be conferred until after the doctrine of the sacrament of baptism is explained to the person to be baptized, if an adult, and the reasons of the doubtful validity of the baptism are explained to the person or, in the case of an infant, to the parents.In cases where a valid baptism is performed subsequent to an invalid attempt, it is held that only one baptism actually occurred, namely the valid one.  Thus baptism is never repeated.

Paragraph 14: Upon its appearance in 1880, the first version of La Croix was a monthly news magazine. The Augustinians of the Assumption, who ran the paper, realised that the monthly format was not getting the widespread readership that the paper deserved. Therefore, the Augustinians of the Assumption, decided to convert to a daily sheet sold at one penny. Accordingly, La Croix transitioned into a daily newspaper on 16 June 1883. Father Emmanuel d'Alzon (1810–1880), the founder of the Assumptionists and the Oblates of the Assumption, started the paper. Also, La Croix's biggest early advocate was Father . La Bonne Presse was the first publishing house of the newspaper, which would be called Bayard Presse in 1950.

Paragraph 15: Several settlements popped up in the 1930s in this area. Eldorado Mine became the first producing venture and it had its own private camp for its employees. There were also operations at the Elbonanza silver property, at White Eagle on the Camsell River, and at Contact Lake. In 1932 prospectors and businesses settled down in a protective cove off Echo Bay, known as Cameron Bay. By 1933 the Canadian Government had surveyed a townsite. At its peak the Cameron Bay settlement had 100 permanent residents, and the Port Radium area as a whole probably boasted 200+ residents. But by 1934 all the important deposits had been staked and activity died down. The Eldorado Mine at LaBine Point entered production in 1933 and the Contact Lake silver mine followed in 1936. At Cameron Bay, the government established a post office, a government office, and a radio station. There was also a Royal Canadian Mounted Police post and a Hudson's Bay Company post. In 1936, the government facilities were rechristened Port Radium to glorify the nature of the nearby mining operations.

Paragraph 16: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 17: Several settlements popped up in the 1930s in this area. Eldorado Mine became the first producing venture and it had its own private camp for its employees. There were also operations at the Elbonanza silver property, at White Eagle on the Camsell River, and at Contact Lake. In 1932 prospectors and businesses settled down in a protective cove off Echo Bay, known as Cameron Bay. By 1933 the Canadian Government had surveyed a townsite. At its peak the Cameron Bay settlement had 100 permanent residents, and the Port Radium area as a whole probably boasted 200+ residents. But by 1934 all the important deposits had been staked and activity died down. The Eldorado Mine at LaBine Point entered production in 1933 and the Contact Lake silver mine followed in 1936. At Cameron Bay, the government established a post office, a government office, and a radio station. There was also a Royal Canadian Mounted Police post and a Hudson's Bay Company post. In 1936, the government facilities were rechristened Port Radium to glorify the nature of the nearby mining operations.

Paragraph 18: Upon its appearance in 1880, the first version of La Croix was a monthly news magazine. The Augustinians of the Assumption, who ran the paper, realised that the monthly format was not getting the widespread readership that the paper deserved. Therefore, the Augustinians of the Assumption, decided to convert to a daily sheet sold at one penny. Accordingly, La Croix transitioned into a daily newspaper on 16 June 1883. Father Emmanuel d'Alzon (1810–1880), the founder of the Assumptionists and the Oblates of the Assumption, started the paper. Also, La Croix's biggest early advocate was Father . La Bonne Presse was the first publishing house of the newspaper, which would be called Bayard Presse in 1950.

Paragraph 19: The Catholic Church holds that rebaptism is not possible:1272. Incorporated into Christ by Baptism, the person baptized is configured to Christ. Baptism seals the Christian with the indelible spiritual mark (character) of his belonging to Christ. No sin can erase this mark, even if sin prevents Baptism from bearing the fruits of salvation. Given once for all, Baptism cannot be repeated.The baptisms of those to be received into the Catholic Church from other Christian communities are held to be valid if administered using the Trinitarian formula. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church states:1256. The ordinary ministers of Baptism are the bishop and priest and, in the Latin Church, also the deacon. In case of necessity, anyone, even a non-baptized person, with the required intention, can baptize, by using the Trinitarian baptismal formula. The intention required is to will to do what the Church does when she baptizes. The Church finds the reason for this possibility in the universal saving will of God and the necessity of Baptism for salvation.[...]1284. In case of necessity, any person can baptize provided that he have the intention of doing that which the Church does and provided that he pours water on the candidate's head while saying: "I baptize you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit."The 1983 Code of Canon Law addresses cases in which the validity of a person's baptism is in doubt:Can.  869 §1. If there is a doubt whether a person has been baptized or whether baptism was conferred validly and the doubt remains after a serious investigation, baptism is to be conferred conditionally.§2. Those baptized in a non-Catholic ecclesial community must not be baptized conditionally unless, after an examination of the matter and the form of the words used in the conferral of baptism and a consideration of the intention of the baptized adult and the minister of the baptism, a serious reason exists to doubt the validity of the baptism.§3. If in the cases mentioned in §§1 and 2 the conferral or validity of the baptism remains doubtful, baptism is not to be conferred until after the doctrine of the sacrament of baptism is explained to the person to be baptized, if an adult, and the reasons of the doubtful validity of the baptism are explained to the person or, in the case of an infant, to the parents.In cases where a valid baptism is performed subsequent to an invalid attempt, it is held that only one baptism actually occurred, namely the valid one.  Thus baptism is never repeated.

Paragraph 20: The Catholic Church holds that rebaptism is not possible:1272. Incorporated into Christ by Baptism, the person baptized is configured to Christ. Baptism seals the Christian with the indelible spiritual mark (character) of his belonging to Christ. No sin can erase this mark, even if sin prevents Baptism from bearing the fruits of salvation. Given once for all, Baptism cannot be repeated.The baptisms of those to be received into the Catholic Church from other Christian communities are held to be valid if administered using the Trinitarian formula. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church states:1256. The ordinary ministers of Baptism are the bishop and priest and, in the Latin Church, also the deacon. In case of necessity, anyone, even a non-baptized person, with the required intention, can baptize, by using the Trinitarian baptismal formula. The intention required is to will to do what the Church does when she baptizes. The Church finds the reason for this possibility in the universal saving will of God and the necessity of Baptism for salvation.[...]1284. In case of necessity, any person can baptize provided that he have the intention of doing that which the Church does and provided that he pours water on the candidate's head while saying: "I baptize you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit."The 1983 Code of Canon Law addresses cases in which the validity of a person's baptism is in doubt:Can.  869 §1. If there is a doubt whether a person has been baptized or whether baptism was conferred validly and the doubt remains after a serious investigation, baptism is to be conferred conditionally.§2. Those baptized in a non-Catholic ecclesial community must not be baptized conditionally unless, after an examination of the matter and the form of the words used in the conferral of baptism and a consideration of the intention of the baptized adult and the minister of the baptism, a serious reason exists to doubt the validity of the baptism.§3. If in the cases mentioned in §§1 and 2 the conferral or validity of the baptism remains doubtful, baptism is not to be conferred until after the doctrine of the sacrament of baptism is explained to the person to be baptized, if an adult, and the reasons of the doubtful validity of the baptism are explained to the person or, in the case of an infant, to the parents.In cases where a valid baptism is performed subsequent to an invalid attempt, it is held that only one baptism actually occurred, namely the valid one.  Thus baptism is never repeated.

Paragraph 21: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 22: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 23: According to temple tradition, it was founded in 860 AD by the priest Ennin, who is better known by his posthumous name, .  In 847 AD Ennin returned to Japan from studies in Tang dynasty China and in 854 AD  he became the chief priest of the Tendai sect at Enryaku-ji on Mt. Hiei near Kyoto. Risshaku-ji was founded as a branch temple of Enryaku-ji by the order of Emperor Seiwa, and to this day the ritual fire brought from Enryaku-ji is still burning in the main temple. The exact date and circumstances of the foundation of the temple are uncertain, but it dates to at least the early Heian period based on dating of the oldest of its surviving wooden statuary. The temple has a long-standing tradition that it houses the grave of Ennin in a cave within the temple grounds. Although Enning died on Mount Hiei in 864 AD, and there is no record that his remains were transferred here, Ann archaeological investigation in 1948 found a gold-leaf encrusted casket containing five sets of human remains and fragments of a Heian period wooden statue of Ennin within the cave. The temple developed into the major Heian period center for Buddhism in Dewa Province (now Yamagata and Akita prefectures).

Paragraph 24: According to temple tradition, it was founded in 860 AD by the priest Ennin, who is better known by his posthumous name, .  In 847 AD Ennin returned to Japan from studies in Tang dynasty China and in 854 AD  he became the chief priest of the Tendai sect at Enryaku-ji on Mt. Hiei near Kyoto. Risshaku-ji was founded as a branch temple of Enryaku-ji by the order of Emperor Seiwa, and to this day the ritual fire brought from Enryaku-ji is still burning in the main temple. The exact date and circumstances of the foundation of the temple are uncertain, but it dates to at least the early Heian period based on dating of the oldest of its surviving wooden statuary. The temple has a long-standing tradition that it houses the grave of Ennin in a cave within the temple grounds. Although Enning died on Mount Hiei in 864 AD, and there is no record that his remains were transferred here, Ann archaeological investigation in 1948 found a gold-leaf encrusted casket containing five sets of human remains and fragments of a Heian period wooden statue of Ennin within the cave. The temple developed into the major Heian period center for Buddhism in Dewa Province (now Yamagata and Akita prefectures).

Paragraph 25: Tensions between Japan and China heightened after the former launched its punitive expedition against Taiwan in May 1874 in retaliation of the murder of a number of shipwrecked sailors by the Paiwan aborigines. China inquired into the possibility of buying ironclad warships from Great Britain and Japan was already negotiating with the Brazilian government about the purchase of the ironclad Independencia then under construction in Britain. The Japanese terminated the negotiations with the Brazilians in October after the ship was badly damaged upon launching and the expeditionary force was about to withdraw from Taiwan. The crisis illustrated the need to reinforce the IJN and a budget request was submitted that same month by Acting Navy Minister Kawamura Sumiyoshi for ¥3.9–4.2 million to purchase three warships from abroad. This was rejected as too expensive and a revised request of ¥2.3 million was approved later that month. No Japanese shipyard was able to build ships of this size so they were ordered from Great Britain. Nothing was done until March 1875 when Kawamura proposed to buy one ironclad for half of the money authorized and use the rest for shipbuilding and gun production at the Yokosuka Shipyard. No response was made by the Prime Minister's office before the proposal was revised to use all of the allocated money to buy three ships, one iron-hulled armored warship and two armored corvettes of composite construction to be designed by the prominent British naval architect Sir Edward Reed, formerly the Chief Constructor of the Royal Navy. Reed would also supervise the construction of the ships for an honorarium of five percent of the construction cost. The Prime Minister's office approved the revised proposal on 2 May and notified the Japanese consul, Ueno Kagenori, that navy officers would be visiting to negotiate the contract with Reed.

Paragraph 26: The song's main remix, titled Desert Storm Remix, features female rappers Da Brat and Missy Elliott. It is the first of Carey's remixes that was produced by Desert Storm Records producer and rapper DJ Clue, who makes an introduction on the remix. The remix contains lyrical interpolations and an instrumental sample from "Ain't No Fun (If the Homies Can't Have None)" by Snoop Dogg. In an interview with MTV News, Carey spoke of the song's remix before its official release in August 1999: "And then the remix. I'm so excited about the remix. It's also gonna go on the album, and it features Missy Elliott and Da Brat, and it's kinda like a girl-power answer record, and it's to the loop of Snoop [Dogg]'s 'Ain't No Fun.' They're not ready for that one!". A separate music video was filmed for the remix, shot in black and white and featuring a cameo appearance by Dogg. The Desert Storm Remix received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine chose the song as one of the top three cuts on Rainbow, alongside the original. Danyel Smith from Entertainment Weekly called it "[an] overblown [...] miscalculation" and wrote "Missy Elliott's and Da Brat's bad sexual politics sink the tired 'Heartbreaker [Remix].' Larry Flick from Billboard, called the remix "muscular" and "street-savvy" and wrote "Missy Elliott and Da Brat lace rhymes into the track, which is enhanced by the sample from Snoop Dogg's 'Ain't No Fun (If The Homies Can't Have None)'."

Paragraph 27: Despite being a platform designed to be less centered on physical appearance, OkCupid co-founder Christian Rudder stated in 2009 that the male OkCupid users who were rated most physically attractive by female OkCupid users received 11 times as many messages as the lowest-rated male users did, the medium-rated male users received about four times as many messages, and the one-third of female users who were rated most physically attractive by the male users received about two-thirds of all messages sent by male users. Additionally, a study published in the August 2018 edition of Science Advances by researchers at the University of Michigan and the Santa Fe Institute found that users of an unnamed, popular, and free online dating service in New York City, Boston, Chicago, and Seattle typically pursued potential partners ranked on average 25 percent more desirable than they were (as measured by the PageRank algorithm). Coupled with data released by the dating app Tinder showing that only 26 million of the 1.6 billion swipes that the app records per day actually result in matches (despite users spending on average about an hour and a half per day on the app), an article published in the December 2018 issue of The Atlantic concluded "Unless you are exceptionally good-looking, the thing online dating may be best at is sucking up large amounts of time."

Paragraph 28: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 29: According to temple tradition, it was founded in 860 AD by the priest Ennin, who is better known by his posthumous name, .  In 847 AD Ennin returned to Japan from studies in Tang dynasty China and in 854 AD  he became the chief priest of the Tendai sect at Enryaku-ji on Mt. Hiei near Kyoto. Risshaku-ji was founded as a branch temple of Enryaku-ji by the order of Emperor Seiwa, and to this day the ritual fire brought from Enryaku-ji is still burning in the main temple. The exact date and circumstances of the foundation of the temple are uncertain, but it dates to at least the early Heian period based on dating of the oldest of its surviving wooden statuary. The temple has a long-standing tradition that it houses the grave of Ennin in a cave within the temple grounds. Although Enning died on Mount Hiei in 864 AD, and there is no record that his remains were transferred here, Ann archaeological investigation in 1948 found a gold-leaf encrusted casket containing five sets of human remains and fragments of a Heian period wooden statue of Ennin within the cave. The temple developed into the major Heian period center for Buddhism in Dewa Province (now Yamagata and Akita prefectures).

Paragraph 30: It is a tree reaching 15-18 meters in height and 20-25 centimeters in diameter. Its young dark brown branches are densely covered in rust-colored hairs but become hairless with age. The branches often have small white lenticels. The papery, lance-shaped to elliptical leaves are 6-11 by 2-3.5 centimeters. The upper surfaces of the leaves are smooth; the undersides are grey-green, at first densely covered with long silver hairs that lay flat, and then densely covered loose silky hairs. The tips of the leaves come to an abrupt cusp, sometimes notched, about 1 centimeter long. The bases of the leaves come to an uneven point with one side extending further than the other. The leaves' midribs are very impressed on top, projecting below. The leaves have 7-10 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. The secondary veins merge near the margins of the leaves. Its petioles are 3–6 cm long, often curved, with a groove. The petioles are at first densely covered in rust-colored hairs, but become hairless as they mature. Its Inflorescences occur in axillary positions. Each inflorescence has numerous flowers. Each flower is on a pedicel that is 1-5 millimeters long. The pedicels have hairy, clasping bracts that are 1.5 millimeters long. Its flowers have 3 oval to triangular sepals that are 1-3 millimeters long, with shallowly pointed tips. The lower third to half of the sepals are fused at their margins. The outer surfaces of the sepals are covered in hairs that lay flat. Its 6 fleshy, yellowish petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The linear, outer petals are drawn together at their base, where they are 2 mm wide, then gradually enlarge to become 3 mm wide and 11-18 mm long. The outer surface of the outer petals are covered in silky hairs; the inner surfaces are slightly hairy. The inner petals are 10-15 by 2 millimeters, with rhomboidal and concave bases of a rhombus and very concave inwardly. The inner petals have shallowly pointed tips and are slightly hairy on both sides. The flowers have stamens that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have up to 11 densely hairy ovaries that are 1 millimeter long. The flowers have thread-like stigma that are 3.5 millimeters long with styles that are bent at their base.The fruit occur in clusters of 5-10. The hairless, globe-shaped to elliptical, slightly curved fruit are 5-15 long. Each fruit typically has 1-3 seeds with an aril covering the base of the seed.

Paragraph 31:  Toss-up: These are multiple choice questions that can be answered by any of the 4 active players on either team in play. Teams have 5 seconds to buzz in and answer the question. If the first team's answer is incorrect, the opposing team will get another 5 seconds to answer. The team that buzzes in first gets to answer the question. A correct answer wins the team 4 points and the right to attempt a bonus question. No conferring is allowed on toss-ups. If a player buzzes in before a moderator finishes reading the question, the buzz is called an interrupt. An incorrect answer will cause the team to lose 4 points and the question to be re-read to the opposing team. This is the only situation in which a team can lose points. However, no points are lost for incorrect answers that are not interrupts. If a player begins an answer before being verbally recognized by the moderator, this is called a blurt. The answer is ignored (not indicated correct or incorrect by the moderator) and the question is re-read to the opposing team. There is no point penalty for a blurt, but the team that blurted is disqualified from answering that question.

Paragraph 32: According to temple tradition, it was founded in 860 AD by the priest Ennin, who is better known by his posthumous name, .  In 847 AD Ennin returned to Japan from studies in Tang dynasty China and in 854 AD  he became the chief priest of the Tendai sect at Enryaku-ji on Mt. Hiei near Kyoto. Risshaku-ji was founded as a branch temple of Enryaku-ji by the order of Emperor Seiwa, and to this day the ritual fire brought from Enryaku-ji is still burning in the main temple. The exact date and circumstances of the foundation of the temple are uncertain, but it dates to at least the early Heian period based on dating of the oldest of its surviving wooden statuary. The temple has a long-standing tradition that it houses the grave of Ennin in a cave within the temple grounds. Although Enning died on Mount Hiei in 864 AD, and there is no record that his remains were transferred here, Ann archaeological investigation in 1948 found a gold-leaf encrusted casket containing five sets of human remains and fragments of a Heian period wooden statue of Ennin within the cave. The temple developed into the major Heian period center for Buddhism in Dewa Province (now Yamagata and Akita prefectures).

Paragraph 33: Several settlements popped up in the 1930s in this area. Eldorado Mine became the first producing venture and it had its own private camp for its employees. There were also operations at the Elbonanza silver property, at White Eagle on the Camsell River, and at Contact Lake. In 1932 prospectors and businesses settled down in a protective cove off Echo Bay, known as Cameron Bay. By 1933 the Canadian Government had surveyed a townsite. At its peak the Cameron Bay settlement had 100 permanent residents, and the Port Radium area as a whole probably boasted 200+ residents. But by 1934 all the important deposits had been staked and activity died down. The Eldorado Mine at LaBine Point entered production in 1933 and the Contact Lake silver mine followed in 1936. At Cameron Bay, the government established a post office, a government office, and a radio station. There was also a Royal Canadian Mounted Police post and a Hudson's Bay Company post. In 1936, the government facilities were rechristened Port Radium to glorify the nature of the nearby mining operations.