Paragraph 1: The Bravery's first single "An Honest Mistake", was released in the UK on February 28, 2005, and debuted at No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart. The single reached No. 12 on the US Modern Rock Chart. The CD single contained the b-side “Hey Sunshiney Day.” The 7" Vinyl contained the b-side “Hot Pursuit (Duet Version),” a duet with lead singer Sam Endicott and Gillian Conway (sister of keyboard player John Conway). The Bravery's second single, "Fearless" was released in the UK on May 23, 2005. The single's slimline CD featured a cover of "An Cat Dubh" by U2 as the b-side. The b-side for the 7" vinyl was a cover of The Cars' "It's All I Can Do". The DVD single contained the Fearless Video as well as live footage of "No Brakes" recorded at club Koko in London on March 1, 2005. C. Finley’s artwork entitled "Lady With A Blunt" was used as the cover art. The "Unconditional" single was released in the UK on August 29, 2005. The slimline CD single contained a Michael Brauer radio Mix as the A-side and a Benny Benassi dance remix as the b-side. The remix reached the top 10 on the UK dance charts. The Maxi single contained the b-sides "Oh, Glory" and "An Honest Mistake" remix by Superdiscount. The CD was enhanced with the video for "Unconditional". "Phoenix Girl", an acrylic and graphite drawing on paper by C. Finley’s was used for the cover art.

Paragraph 2: Throughout her teaching career, Jackson was also invested in giving back to the communities that supported her in college. In 1934, Jackson became the national Alpha Kappa Alpha president, although her term ended in 1937 she was able to accomplish many things. Within this role, she organized chapters at schools all along the east coast. Under her leadership, chapters were founded in colleges in Los Angeles, Arizona, and Seattle. Her goals did not end there, she never forgot about her home state of Mississippi and the poor, rural Black folks that needed support. Before venturing out to Mississippi she had established a low-cost dental clinic in Oakland. As part of her term, she led an initiative that provided summer schooling for rural teachers in 1934. The first established school was in Lexington, Mississippi and teachers from the AKA organization volunteered to help train local teachers and provide quality, comprehensive education to low-income students. Jackson hoped that by preparing teachers and students, more Black people would be interested in higher education. In addition to this, with the help of Dr. Dorothy Boulding Ferebee and AKA volunteers, Jackson co-founded and became general director of the Mississippi Health Project. This was a system of clinics that aimed to address the health needs of rural Mississippi. As this project expanded, both adults and children were provided with health care. At first this project had goals of establishing physical locations, but Jackson and her team quickly realized that community members had difficulty traveling to centers. In order to adapt to the needs of those they wished to serve, Jackson helped to evolve these centers into mobile clinics that would move throughout the area. As a result, Jackson and her team were able to provide greater access to their services. By the end of this project’s eight years of operation, over 15,000 children were immunized against diphtheria and smallpox. In addition, thousands of adults were provided with treatments and health screenings. Finally, the efforts by Jackson, Dr. Ferebee, and AKA volunteers were receiving national attention so much so that they were invited to the White House twice. They were given the opportunity to speak with then President Roosevelet and the first lady about the specific challenges they had encountered while providing health care in the segregated South. In 1936, during their second visit to the white house Jackson spoke on various issues with Eleanor Roosevelt covering topics such as health, federal jobs, and railway discrimination.

Paragraph 3: The Duwamish community's transition towards a rail-centered economy began on March 7, 1877, with the first run on a new rail line between Steele's Landing on the Duwamish and coal mines in Renton.  In 1878 the line was extended to Newcastle (east of Lake Washington) and it was later extended to other coal sites in south King County.  Although rail lines connecting Georgetown to Seattle had been constructed as early as 1878, Steele's Landing retained its importance for commerce with Seattle until a reliable, permanent rail connection was established in October 1885.  In 1884 the rail line got connected to the Northern Pacific line to the south, and by 1889 transcontinental service came to Georgetown.   With an abundance of flat land that Seattle lacked, Georgetown became the site of the rail yard servicing the new freight traffic.  The freight hub in Georgetown fostered the development of industries capitalizing on its access to resources and rail-to-market, including breweries, lumber mills, brickyards, and foundries. Reconstruction of Seattle after the fire of 1889 and its rapid growth in the following decade boosted demand for building materials supplied by Georgetown.  With fill provided by waste from an early regrade attempt on Beacon Hill, the industrial area grew northward across the former tideflats.

Paragraph 4: Pushing the Senses contains music in the same rock styles featured on Feeder's 2002 album Comfort in Sound, but it focuses more on pianos, rather than a string orchestra. Only "Pain on Pain" on the album mainly used strings, including samples from a mellotron. Frontman Grant Nicholas said he did not think the album needed them. He also called the album the band's "Recovery album" as he felt he was more at ease writing the songs than he was with Comfort in Sound, after the loss of their drummer Jon Lee, alongside stating that he was inspired by artists such as John Lennon within the piano playing and writing the songs. Grant told Kerrang! in May 2004, "I've done some recording on my own in a little studio up by where I live in North London. I demo the album in its full form before the rest of the band play on it. It's difficult to know at this stage what it will turn out like, but so far its slightly more mature sounding". Grant later added "Each album is a journey and a reflection of the past, there is some stuff that touches on what has happened, but there are songs about love, songs of loss and songs about the future.  I don't want to give too much away but there's one track called "Bitter Glass". Its quite dark but uplifting too. It's about pulling yourself out of a big hole".

Paragraph 5: The race attracts runners from other events, primarily the 100 metres, wishing to double up and claim both titles. This feat has been achieved by men eleven times at the Olympic Games: by Archie Hahn in 1904, Ralph Craig in 1912, Percy Williams in 1928, Eddie Tolan in 1932, Jesse Owens in 1936, Bobby Morrow in 1956, Valeriy Borzov in 1972, Carl Lewis in 1984, and most recently by Jamaica's Usain Bolt in 2008, 2012, and 2016.  The double has been accomplished by women eight times: by Fanny Blankers-Koen in 1948, Marjorie Jackson in 1952, Betty Cuthbert in 1956, Wilma Rudolph in 1960, Renate Stecher in 1972, Florence Griffith-Joyner in 1988, and Elaine Thompson-Herah in 2016 and 2021.  Marion Jones finished first in both races in 2000 but was later disqualified and stripped of her medals after admitting to taking performance-enhancing drugs. An Olympic double of 200 m and 400 m was first achieved by Valerie Brisco-Hooks in 1984, and later by Michael Johnson from the United States and Marie-José Pérec of France both in 1996. Usain Bolt is the only man to repeat as Olympic champion, Bärbel Wöckel (née Eckert), Veronica Campbell-Brown and Elaine Thompson-Herah are the three women who have repeated as Olympic champion.

Paragraph 6: On 2 June, the Icelandic international Joey Guðjónsson signed a 2-year contract from the recently relegated Premier League side Burnley. Two days later, the Scottish international left-back Gary Naysmith signed for Huddersfield after rejecting a new contract at Sheffield United. On the same day, goalkeeper Simon Eastwood left the club to join the newly promoted Football League Two side Oxford United. On 17 June, the goalkeeper Ian Bennett was signed on a free transfer from Sheffield United. On 22 June, the striker Tom Denton left the club by mutual consent. On the following day, the defender Andy Butler also had his contract paid up and left the club. On 29 June, the left-back Joe Skarz signed for the Football League Two side Bury for an undisclosed fee. The next day, the winger Lee Croft joined Huddersfield on a 6-month loan deal from Derby County. He returned to Derby on 3 January 2011. On 1 July, the defender Jamie McCombe, whose brother John, played for Huddersfield in the not too distant past, joined the Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee from Bristol City. The following day, after failing to reach a new deal, Krystian Pearce left the club after playing for just 45 minutes. He eventually joined Notts County. On 6 July, the midfielder James Berrett left the club to join the League One side Carlisle United on a free transfer. Later that day, the midfielder Michael Collins joined Football League Championship side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee. On 14 July, the young Irish winger Graham Carey signed on a 6-month loan from the Scottish Premier League runners-up Celtic. He returned to Celtic on 13 January 2011, after Huddersfield failed to agree terms on an extension to his deal. On 21 July, the striker Joe Garner signed on a 6-month loan from Nottingham Forest. He returned there on 4 January 2011. On 28 July, two of Huddersfield's youngsters, Jack Hunt and Leigh Franks, were sent out on 6-month loans to Chesterfield and Oxford United respectively. On 5 August, the midfielder Damien Johnson was signed on a season-long loan from the League One rivals Plymouth Argyle. The following day, the striker Robbie Simpson joined Brentford on a season-long loan. On 25 August, the striker Alan Lee joined the club for an undisclosed fee from Crystal Palace. On 31 August, Jim Goodwin left the club by mutual consent. He joined the Scottish Premier League side Hamilton Academical on 6 September. On 8 September, Theo Robinson joined the Championship side Millwall on an emergency 3-month loan deal, but he returned in November, after an injury. He rejoined the club on a permanent deal on 13 January, for an undisclosed fee. On 15 October, Huddersfield brought in the experienced goalkeeper Nick Colgan on a one-month loan from the Conference National side Grimsby Town. He returned a month later, after making no appearances. On 21 January 2011, he signed for Huddersfield on a permanent deal, after being released by Grimsby. On 1 January 2011, as the transfer window reopened, Huddersfield signed the experienced Ireland international Kevin Kilbane on loan from Hull City for the rest of the season. On 10 January, Huddersfield signed Newcastle United's Hungarian international defender Tamás Kádár on loan. On 27 January, the Huddersfield stalwart Nathan Clarke joined the League One rivals Colchester United on loan. On 31 January, as the transfer window was about to shut, Danny Cadamarteri returned to Huddersfield on a short-term contract following his release by the Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. On 26 February, Huddersfield signed the left-back Stephen Jordan on an emergency one-month loan from Sheffield United, following injuries to Gary Naysmith and Liam Ridehalgh. On 15 March, a week after the injury that curtailed Anthony Pilkington's involvement in the season, Huddersfield increased its attacking options by bringing in the winger Danny Ward on loan from the Premier League side Bolton Wanderers for the rest of the season. Defensive options were bolstered by signing the centre-back Sean Morrison on loan from Reading on 23 March. Just as the transfer window shut, the young midfielder Aidan Chippendale was sent on loan to the Conference National side York City

Paragraph 7: The Bravery's first single "An Honest Mistake", was released in the UK on February 28, 2005, and debuted at No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart. The single reached No. 12 on the US Modern Rock Chart. The CD single contained the b-side “Hey Sunshiney Day.” The 7" Vinyl contained the b-side “Hot Pursuit (Duet Version),” a duet with lead singer Sam Endicott and Gillian Conway (sister of keyboard player John Conway). The Bravery's second single, "Fearless" was released in the UK on May 23, 2005. The single's slimline CD featured a cover of "An Cat Dubh" by U2 as the b-side. The b-side for the 7" vinyl was a cover of The Cars' "It's All I Can Do". The DVD single contained the Fearless Video as well as live footage of "No Brakes" recorded at club Koko in London on March 1, 2005. C. Finley’s artwork entitled "Lady With A Blunt" was used as the cover art. The "Unconditional" single was released in the UK on August 29, 2005. The slimline CD single contained a Michael Brauer radio Mix as the A-side and a Benny Benassi dance remix as the b-side. The remix reached the top 10 on the UK dance charts. The Maxi single contained the b-sides "Oh, Glory" and "An Honest Mistake" remix by Superdiscount. The CD was enhanced with the video for "Unconditional". "Phoenix Girl", an acrylic and graphite drawing on paper by C. Finley’s was used for the cover art.

Paragraph 8: The next day, the SPC issued a Moderate risk for central Mississippi and portions of Louisiana, Alabama, and Tennessee. This included a large 10% hatched risk area for tornadoes, and a smaller 15% hatched risk area for tornadoes across northern Mississippi. Throughout the late afternoon and evening, multiple supercell thunderstorms developed. Hail and winds battered Mississippi, and several EF1 tornadoes caused minor to moderate damage in rural areas of the state. After sunset, the event rapidly escalated into a significant outbreak as the intensifying supercell thunderstorms pushed into Alabama, and significant tornadoes began touching down. An EF2 tornado near Belgreen snapped many trees and injured one person when a house was damaged and shifted on its foundation. Two EF2 tornadoes moved through Winston County and heavily damaged or destroyed multiple homes, mobile homes, and outbuildings, and also snapped numerous trees and power poles near Arley and Double Springs. An EF2 tornado touched down over Monte Sano Mountain in eastern Huntsville, snapping and uprooting many trees, and damaging numerous homes as it passed through several subdivisions, a few of which had roofs torn off. A horse riding arena was also destroyed by the Huntsville area tornado. An EF3 tornado passed near the towns of Danville and Neel, causing major structural damage to industrial buildings, homes and a fire station. A motorcycle shop was leveled, vehicles were tossed, and several mobile homes were completely destroyed as well. At around midnight and into the very early morning hours of November 30, the storms moved into northeastern Alabama and southern Tennessee. A powerful EF3 tornado ripped directly through the town of Rosalie and to the north of Ider, killing four people and injuring nine others. The Rosalie/Ider tornado destroyed homes and mobile homes, churches, and businesses along its path. A shopping plaza in Rosalie was leveled by the tornado, and a daycare center near Ider was reduced to a bare slab. Further to the north, strong tornadoes were impacting communities in Tennessee, including an EF3 that severely damaged the town of Ocoee. The Ocoee post office and fire station were destroyed, two people were killed in town, a cell phone tower and a metal truss tower were knocked down, and 20 people were injured. A high-end EF2 tornado struck Athens, destroying several businesses and manufactured homes, heavily damaging a large church complex, and injuring 20 people. A few homes sustained major structural damage and a double-wide mobile home was completely destroyed by another high-end EF2 tornado that passed near Whitwell and Dunlap. After sunrise, additional weaker tornadoes touched down in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina. This included several brief tornadoes that caused minor to moderate damage in and around Atlanta. A high-end EF1 downed many trees and damaged numerous homes in Simpsonville, South Carolina as well before the outbreak came to an end.

Paragraph 9: The Bravery's first single "An Honest Mistake", was released in the UK on February 28, 2005, and debuted at No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart. The single reached No. 12 on the US Modern Rock Chart. The CD single contained the b-side “Hey Sunshiney Day.” The 7" Vinyl contained the b-side “Hot Pursuit (Duet Version),” a duet with lead singer Sam Endicott and Gillian Conway (sister of keyboard player John Conway). The Bravery's second single, "Fearless" was released in the UK on May 23, 2005. The single's slimline CD featured a cover of "An Cat Dubh" by U2 as the b-side. The b-side for the 7" vinyl was a cover of The Cars' "It's All I Can Do". The DVD single contained the Fearless Video as well as live footage of "No Brakes" recorded at club Koko in London on March 1, 2005. C. Finley’s artwork entitled "Lady With A Blunt" was used as the cover art. The "Unconditional" single was released in the UK on August 29, 2005. The slimline CD single contained a Michael Brauer radio Mix as the A-side and a Benny Benassi dance remix as the b-side. The remix reached the top 10 on the UK dance charts. The Maxi single contained the b-sides "Oh, Glory" and "An Honest Mistake" remix by Superdiscount. The CD was enhanced with the video for "Unconditional". "Phoenix Girl", an acrylic and graphite drawing on paper by C. Finley’s was used for the cover art.

Paragraph 10: The next day, the SPC issued a Moderate risk for central Mississippi and portions of Louisiana, Alabama, and Tennessee. This included a large 10% hatched risk area for tornadoes, and a smaller 15% hatched risk area for tornadoes across northern Mississippi. Throughout the late afternoon and evening, multiple supercell thunderstorms developed. Hail and winds battered Mississippi, and several EF1 tornadoes caused minor to moderate damage in rural areas of the state. After sunset, the event rapidly escalated into a significant outbreak as the intensifying supercell thunderstorms pushed into Alabama, and significant tornadoes began touching down. An EF2 tornado near Belgreen snapped many trees and injured one person when a house was damaged and shifted on its foundation. Two EF2 tornadoes moved through Winston County and heavily damaged or destroyed multiple homes, mobile homes, and outbuildings, and also snapped numerous trees and power poles near Arley and Double Springs. An EF2 tornado touched down over Monte Sano Mountain in eastern Huntsville, snapping and uprooting many trees, and damaging numerous homes as it passed through several subdivisions, a few of which had roofs torn off. A horse riding arena was also destroyed by the Huntsville area tornado. An EF3 tornado passed near the towns of Danville and Neel, causing major structural damage to industrial buildings, homes and a fire station. A motorcycle shop was leveled, vehicles were tossed, and several mobile homes were completely destroyed as well. At around midnight and into the very early morning hours of November 30, the storms moved into northeastern Alabama and southern Tennessee. A powerful EF3 tornado ripped directly through the town of Rosalie and to the north of Ider, killing four people and injuring nine others. The Rosalie/Ider tornado destroyed homes and mobile homes, churches, and businesses along its path. A shopping plaza in Rosalie was leveled by the tornado, and a daycare center near Ider was reduced to a bare slab. Further to the north, strong tornadoes were impacting communities in Tennessee, including an EF3 that severely damaged the town of Ocoee. The Ocoee post office and fire station were destroyed, two people were killed in town, a cell phone tower and a metal truss tower were knocked down, and 20 people were injured. A high-end EF2 tornado struck Athens, destroying several businesses and manufactured homes, heavily damaging a large church complex, and injuring 20 people. A few homes sustained major structural damage and a double-wide mobile home was completely destroyed by another high-end EF2 tornado that passed near Whitwell and Dunlap. After sunrise, additional weaker tornadoes touched down in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina. This included several brief tornadoes that caused minor to moderate damage in and around Atlanta. A high-end EF1 downed many trees and damaged numerous homes in Simpsonville, South Carolina as well before the outbreak came to an end.

Paragraph 11: The Bravery's first single "An Honest Mistake", was released in the UK on February 28, 2005, and debuted at No. 7 on the UK Singles Chart. The single reached No. 12 on the US Modern Rock Chart. The CD single contained the b-side “Hey Sunshiney Day.” The 7" Vinyl contained the b-side “Hot Pursuit (Duet Version),” a duet with lead singer Sam Endicott and Gillian Conway (sister of keyboard player John Conway). The Bravery's second single, "Fearless" was released in the UK on May 23, 2005. The single's slimline CD featured a cover of "An Cat Dubh" by U2 as the b-side. The b-side for the 7" vinyl was a cover of The Cars' "It's All I Can Do". The DVD single contained the Fearless Video as well as live footage of "No Brakes" recorded at club Koko in London on March 1, 2005. C. Finley’s artwork entitled "Lady With A Blunt" was used as the cover art. The "Unconditional" single was released in the UK on August 29, 2005. The slimline CD single contained a Michael Brauer radio Mix as the A-side and a Benny Benassi dance remix as the b-side. The remix reached the top 10 on the UK dance charts. The Maxi single contained the b-sides "Oh, Glory" and "An Honest Mistake" remix by Superdiscount. The CD was enhanced with the video for "Unconditional". "Phoenix Girl", an acrylic and graphite drawing on paper by C. Finley’s was used for the cover art.

Paragraph 12: It was established in 1903 by parishioners belonging to Morakkala St Mary's Cathedral, due to the distance they had to travel for their spiritual needs(more than 5 km). More than 300 families were part of this parish at that time. They set up a new church in the hillock of Thamarachal dedicated to St Mary. The following year St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Kizhakkambalam was established and a large number of parishioners joined the new parish. In 1907 the holy relic of Mor Yacoob and Mor Samavoon, given by St. Sleeba Mor Osthathious, was installed. The Sunday School was established in 1915 and the following year some of the parishioners founded a parish at Oorakkad dedicated to St Thomas, to meet their spiritual needs. This parish established a school in the 1920s and later was closed to make way for the nearby Government school. In 1935 a chapel was established at Chemmalapady dedicated to St Ignatius of Manjinikkara. In 1950 South Vazhakulam St George Church Was founded by Members of this parishThis parishes Golden Jubilee came in the year 1953 and to commentate that a chapel was established at Malayidomthuruthu, which later became part of Malayidomthuruthu St Mary's Church. In 1968 Marthamariyam Vanitha Samajam came into existence. In 1975 and 1980 two new parishes were established at Malayidomthuruthu and Vilangu respectively, both dedicated to St Mary. Mor Yacoob Mor Samavoon Youth Association came into existence in 1982. This year also witnessed the 1st Apostolic Visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch to this church. Ettunombu celebration began in 1986 and St Mary's holy "Soonoro" was installed in 1988. Pukkattupady St George church came into existence in 1990 from this church. In that year itself a new English Medium School was established, along with St Mary's Charitable Society, under this parish, which later became a CBSE School. In 2002-03 this church celebrated its Century. In 2008 St Mary's Family Unit was established under this parish. This year also saw the Second Apostolic visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch and this holy church was elevated as Valiyapally, due to its importance in the region and in the Jacobite church. In 2010 a unit of Mar Gregorios Jacobite Students' Movement(MGJSM), was established here and this church remained as the Pallikkara Region's Headquarters of MGJSM till 2013. The Marian convention centre is the largest parish hall in a Jacobite church. This parish currently has 600 families 3 chapels and 5 shrines.

Paragraph 13: Throughout her teaching career, Jackson was also invested in giving back to the communities that supported her in college. In 1934, Jackson became the national Alpha Kappa Alpha president, although her term ended in 1937 she was able to accomplish many things. Within this role, she organized chapters at schools all along the east coast. Under her leadership, chapters were founded in colleges in Los Angeles, Arizona, and Seattle. Her goals did not end there, she never forgot about her home state of Mississippi and the poor, rural Black folks that needed support. Before venturing out to Mississippi she had established a low-cost dental clinic in Oakland. As part of her term, she led an initiative that provided summer schooling for rural teachers in 1934. The first established school was in Lexington, Mississippi and teachers from the AKA organization volunteered to help train local teachers and provide quality, comprehensive education to low-income students. Jackson hoped that by preparing teachers and students, more Black people would be interested in higher education. In addition to this, with the help of Dr. Dorothy Boulding Ferebee and AKA volunteers, Jackson co-founded and became general director of the Mississippi Health Project. This was a system of clinics that aimed to address the health needs of rural Mississippi. As this project expanded, both adults and children were provided with health care. At first this project had goals of establishing physical locations, but Jackson and her team quickly realized that community members had difficulty traveling to centers. In order to adapt to the needs of those they wished to serve, Jackson helped to evolve these centers into mobile clinics that would move throughout the area. As a result, Jackson and her team were able to provide greater access to their services. By the end of this project’s eight years of operation, over 15,000 children were immunized against diphtheria and smallpox. In addition, thousands of adults were provided with treatments and health screenings. Finally, the efforts by Jackson, Dr. Ferebee, and AKA volunteers were receiving national attention so much so that they were invited to the White House twice. They were given the opportunity to speak with then President Roosevelet and the first lady about the specific challenges they had encountered while providing health care in the segregated South. In 1936, during their second visit to the white house Jackson spoke on various issues with Eleanor Roosevelt covering topics such as health, federal jobs, and railway discrimination.

Paragraph 14: On 2 June, the Icelandic international Joey Guðjónsson signed a 2-year contract from the recently relegated Premier League side Burnley. Two days later, the Scottish international left-back Gary Naysmith signed for Huddersfield after rejecting a new contract at Sheffield United. On the same day, goalkeeper Simon Eastwood left the club to join the newly promoted Football League Two side Oxford United. On 17 June, the goalkeeper Ian Bennett was signed on a free transfer from Sheffield United. On 22 June, the striker Tom Denton left the club by mutual consent. On the following day, the defender Andy Butler also had his contract paid up and left the club. On 29 June, the left-back Joe Skarz signed for the Football League Two side Bury for an undisclosed fee. The next day, the winger Lee Croft joined Huddersfield on a 6-month loan deal from Derby County. He returned to Derby on 3 January 2011. On 1 July, the defender Jamie McCombe, whose brother John, played for Huddersfield in the not too distant past, joined the Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee from Bristol City. The following day, after failing to reach a new deal, Krystian Pearce left the club after playing for just 45 minutes. He eventually joined Notts County. On 6 July, the midfielder James Berrett left the club to join the League One side Carlisle United on a free transfer. Later that day, the midfielder Michael Collins joined Football League Championship side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee. On 14 July, the young Irish winger Graham Carey signed on a 6-month loan from the Scottish Premier League runners-up Celtic. He returned to Celtic on 13 January 2011, after Huddersfield failed to agree terms on an extension to his deal. On 21 July, the striker Joe Garner signed on a 6-month loan from Nottingham Forest. He returned there on 4 January 2011. On 28 July, two of Huddersfield's youngsters, Jack Hunt and Leigh Franks, were sent out on 6-month loans to Chesterfield and Oxford United respectively. On 5 August, the midfielder Damien Johnson was signed on a season-long loan from the League One rivals Plymouth Argyle. The following day, the striker Robbie Simpson joined Brentford on a season-long loan. On 25 August, the striker Alan Lee joined the club for an undisclosed fee from Crystal Palace. On 31 August, Jim Goodwin left the club by mutual consent. He joined the Scottish Premier League side Hamilton Academical on 6 September. On 8 September, Theo Robinson joined the Championship side Millwall on an emergency 3-month loan deal, but he returned in November, after an injury. He rejoined the club on a permanent deal on 13 January, for an undisclosed fee. On 15 October, Huddersfield brought in the experienced goalkeeper Nick Colgan on a one-month loan from the Conference National side Grimsby Town. He returned a month later, after making no appearances. On 21 January 2011, he signed for Huddersfield on a permanent deal, after being released by Grimsby. On 1 January 2011, as the transfer window reopened, Huddersfield signed the experienced Ireland international Kevin Kilbane on loan from Hull City for the rest of the season. On 10 January, Huddersfield signed Newcastle United's Hungarian international defender Tamás Kádár on loan. On 27 January, the Huddersfield stalwart Nathan Clarke joined the League One rivals Colchester United on loan. On 31 January, as the transfer window was about to shut, Danny Cadamarteri returned to Huddersfield on a short-term contract following his release by the Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. On 26 February, Huddersfield signed the left-back Stephen Jordan on an emergency one-month loan from Sheffield United, following injuries to Gary Naysmith and Liam Ridehalgh. On 15 March, a week after the injury that curtailed Anthony Pilkington's involvement in the season, Huddersfield increased its attacking options by bringing in the winger Danny Ward on loan from the Premier League side Bolton Wanderers for the rest of the season. Defensive options were bolstered by signing the centre-back Sean Morrison on loan from Reading on 23 March. Just as the transfer window shut, the young midfielder Aidan Chippendale was sent on loan to the Conference National side York City

Paragraph 15: The next day, the SPC issued a Moderate risk for central Mississippi and portions of Louisiana, Alabama, and Tennessee. This included a large 10% hatched risk area for tornadoes, and a smaller 15% hatched risk area for tornadoes across northern Mississippi. Throughout the late afternoon and evening, multiple supercell thunderstorms developed. Hail and winds battered Mississippi, and several EF1 tornadoes caused minor to moderate damage in rural areas of the state. After sunset, the event rapidly escalated into a significant outbreak as the intensifying supercell thunderstorms pushed into Alabama, and significant tornadoes began touching down. An EF2 tornado near Belgreen snapped many trees and injured one person when a house was damaged and shifted on its foundation. Two EF2 tornadoes moved through Winston County and heavily damaged or destroyed multiple homes, mobile homes, and outbuildings, and also snapped numerous trees and power poles near Arley and Double Springs. An EF2 tornado touched down over Monte Sano Mountain in eastern Huntsville, snapping and uprooting many trees, and damaging numerous homes as it passed through several subdivisions, a few of which had roofs torn off. A horse riding arena was also destroyed by the Huntsville area tornado. An EF3 tornado passed near the towns of Danville and Neel, causing major structural damage to industrial buildings, homes and a fire station. A motorcycle shop was leveled, vehicles were tossed, and several mobile homes were completely destroyed as well. At around midnight and into the very early morning hours of November 30, the storms moved into northeastern Alabama and southern Tennessee. A powerful EF3 tornado ripped directly through the town of Rosalie and to the north of Ider, killing four people and injuring nine others. The Rosalie/Ider tornado destroyed homes and mobile homes, churches, and businesses along its path. A shopping plaza in Rosalie was leveled by the tornado, and a daycare center near Ider was reduced to a bare slab. Further to the north, strong tornadoes were impacting communities in Tennessee, including an EF3 that severely damaged the town of Ocoee. The Ocoee post office and fire station were destroyed, two people were killed in town, a cell phone tower and a metal truss tower were knocked down, and 20 people were injured. A high-end EF2 tornado struck Athens, destroying several businesses and manufactured homes, heavily damaging a large church complex, and injuring 20 people. A few homes sustained major structural damage and a double-wide mobile home was completely destroyed by another high-end EF2 tornado that passed near Whitwell and Dunlap. After sunrise, additional weaker tornadoes touched down in Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina. This included several brief tornadoes that caused minor to moderate damage in and around Atlanta. A high-end EF1 downed many trees and damaged numerous homes in Simpsonville, South Carolina as well before the outbreak came to an end.

Paragraph 16: Throughout her teaching career, Jackson was also invested in giving back to the communities that supported her in college. In 1934, Jackson became the national Alpha Kappa Alpha president, although her term ended in 1937 she was able to accomplish many things. Within this role, she organized chapters at schools all along the east coast. Under her leadership, chapters were founded in colleges in Los Angeles, Arizona, and Seattle. Her goals did not end there, she never forgot about her home state of Mississippi and the poor, rural Black folks that needed support. Before venturing out to Mississippi she had established a low-cost dental clinic in Oakland. As part of her term, she led an initiative that provided summer schooling for rural teachers in 1934. The first established school was in Lexington, Mississippi and teachers from the AKA organization volunteered to help train local teachers and provide quality, comprehensive education to low-income students. Jackson hoped that by preparing teachers and students, more Black people would be interested in higher education. In addition to this, with the help of Dr. Dorothy Boulding Ferebee and AKA volunteers, Jackson co-founded and became general director of the Mississippi Health Project. This was a system of clinics that aimed to address the health needs of rural Mississippi. As this project expanded, both adults and children were provided with health care. At first this project had goals of establishing physical locations, but Jackson and her team quickly realized that community members had difficulty traveling to centers. In order to adapt to the needs of those they wished to serve, Jackson helped to evolve these centers into mobile clinics that would move throughout the area. As a result, Jackson and her team were able to provide greater access to their services. By the end of this project’s eight years of operation, over 15,000 children were immunized against diphtheria and smallpox. In addition, thousands of adults were provided with treatments and health screenings. Finally, the efforts by Jackson, Dr. Ferebee, and AKA volunteers were receiving national attention so much so that they were invited to the White House twice. They were given the opportunity to speak with then President Roosevelet and the first lady about the specific challenges they had encountered while providing health care in the segregated South. In 1936, during their second visit to the white house Jackson spoke on various issues with Eleanor Roosevelt covering topics such as health, federal jobs, and railway discrimination.

Paragraph 17: Lorenzo is based on an original idea by Disney artist and writer, Joe Grant. He came up with the idea after he saw his cat dive into the middle of a fight between his two poodles. He wondered, what if that cat lost its tail? Grant began developing Lorenzo in 1949. It was written, designed and directed by Mike Gabriel, in collaboration with Grant. Don Hahn suggested Gabriel to use tango music as an inspiration when conceptualizing the film. In search for a tango music, he went to a Virgin Megastore, where he spent $346 of his own money buying 40 tango CDs. The first song he listened to—"Bordoneo y 900", performed by Juan José Mosalini and his Big Tango Orchestra—secured his attention and became the song he chose for the production. For the final film's score, the creators hired Mosalini and Big Tango Orchestra, who recorded in France a new version of "Bordoneo y 900." Baker Bloodworth produced the film, along with Roy E. Disney and Don Hahn who served as executive producers. Gabriel hand painted all of the short's backgrounds with Tempera paint on a black construction paper. A painterly renderer called Sable, created by Daniel Teece, was used to create 3D brush strokes on the backgrounds. Traditional animation and clean-up were done at the Paris-based division of Walt Disney Feature Animation, while all painting, digital work, and post-production were performed at the Burbank studio.

Paragraph 18: Throughout her teaching career, Jackson was also invested in giving back to the communities that supported her in college. In 1934, Jackson became the national Alpha Kappa Alpha president, although her term ended in 1937 she was able to accomplish many things. Within this role, she organized chapters at schools all along the east coast. Under her leadership, chapters were founded in colleges in Los Angeles, Arizona, and Seattle. Her goals did not end there, she never forgot about her home state of Mississippi and the poor, rural Black folks that needed support. Before venturing out to Mississippi she had established a low-cost dental clinic in Oakland. As part of her term, she led an initiative that provided summer schooling for rural teachers in 1934. The first established school was in Lexington, Mississippi and teachers from the AKA organization volunteered to help train local teachers and provide quality, comprehensive education to low-income students. Jackson hoped that by preparing teachers and students, more Black people would be interested in higher education. In addition to this, with the help of Dr. Dorothy Boulding Ferebee and AKA volunteers, Jackson co-founded and became general director of the Mississippi Health Project. This was a system of clinics that aimed to address the health needs of rural Mississippi. As this project expanded, both adults and children were provided with health care. At first this project had goals of establishing physical locations, but Jackson and her team quickly realized that community members had difficulty traveling to centers. In order to adapt to the needs of those they wished to serve, Jackson helped to evolve these centers into mobile clinics that would move throughout the area. As a result, Jackson and her team were able to provide greater access to their services. By the end of this project’s eight years of operation, over 15,000 children were immunized against diphtheria and smallpox. In addition, thousands of adults were provided with treatments and health screenings. Finally, the efforts by Jackson, Dr. Ferebee, and AKA volunteers were receiving national attention so much so that they were invited to the White House twice. They were given the opportunity to speak with then President Roosevelet and the first lady about the specific challenges they had encountered while providing health care in the segregated South. In 1936, during their second visit to the white house Jackson spoke on various issues with Eleanor Roosevelt covering topics such as health, federal jobs, and railway discrimination.

Paragraph 19: The subsequent representation election campaign was a violent one. Widespread assaults, bombings, shootings, arson, and threats were made against DUOC's leaders and supporters in what the press called a "wave of terror". Glimco sued in mid-June to block the election, but both the NLRB and the federal courts refused to do so. Abata won an NLRB hearing on whether to hold the election. But the first day of the hearings (on June 24, 1959) became "one of the wildest hearings in labor history": So many cab drivers attended the hearing that downtown traffic was snarled all day, so many people attended that the hearing had to be switch to a hotel ballroom and then a federal courthouse to maintain order, Glimco's supporters disrupted the proceedings by shouting through bullhorns, and Senate Select Committee investigators served subpoenas on Glimco staff members (who couldn't flee through the crowd to avoid the U.S. Marshals). A greater sense of decorum was observed over the next several weeks as DUOC witnesses testified about the alleged violence and intimidation aimed at them as they sought to oust the Glimco-led Teamsters union. The hearings adjourned for several weeks in July while Abata and Glimco testified at the Senate Select Committee again. On August 13, as the NLRB hearings continued, court-appointed monitors for the Teamsters union ordered Jimmy Hoffa to fire Joey Glimco on grounds of corruption.{{efn|In September 1957, several members of the Teamsters sued Teamsters General Secretary-Treasurer John F. English alleging that their legal rights under the Teamsters' 1952 constitution were being violated and that the Teamsters leadership's legal obligation to protect these rights were being repudiated. In a consent decree signed on January 31, 1958, the Teamsters union agreed to the imposition of a neutral, independent team of outside monitors who would oversee the union, investigate allegations of corruption and the violation of union members' rights, and impose solutions, among other rights and powers.<ref>Cunningham v. English, C.A. 2361-57 (D.D.C. Jan. 31, 1958), consent decree reprinted in full in English v. Cunningham, 269 F.2d 517, 532-35 (D.C. Cir. 1959), cert. denied, 361 U.S. 905 (1959).</ref>}} The following day, a draft NLRB report (stemming from the original 1958 welfare fund ULP) requesting the issuance of numerous ULPs against Glimco and Local 777 was leaked to the press. Hoffa refused to fire Glimco, and the Board of Monitors went to U.S. federal court on August 25 to enforce their order. On September 2, the monitors revised their order, reiterating their demand that Glimco be immediately fired and adding demands that Glimco lose his Teamster membership and forfeit funds, and that Hoffa conduct an immediate investigation into and an audit of Local 777's funds. Glimco defiantly predicted he would never be fired. Hoffa defied the Board of Monitors, refusing to expel Glimco from the union. In fact, even after a year had passed, Hoffa had yet to act on the order to expel Glimco.

Paragraph 20: On 2 June, the Icelandic international Joey Guðjónsson signed a 2-year contract from the recently relegated Premier League side Burnley. Two days later, the Scottish international left-back Gary Naysmith signed for Huddersfield after rejecting a new contract at Sheffield United. On the same day, goalkeeper Simon Eastwood left the club to join the newly promoted Football League Two side Oxford United. On 17 June, the goalkeeper Ian Bennett was signed on a free transfer from Sheffield United. On 22 June, the striker Tom Denton left the club by mutual consent. On the following day, the defender Andy Butler also had his contract paid up and left the club. On 29 June, the left-back Joe Skarz signed for the Football League Two side Bury for an undisclosed fee. The next day, the winger Lee Croft joined Huddersfield on a 6-month loan deal from Derby County. He returned to Derby on 3 January 2011. On 1 July, the defender Jamie McCombe, whose brother John, played for Huddersfield in the not too distant past, joined the Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee from Bristol City. The following day, after failing to reach a new deal, Krystian Pearce left the club after playing for just 45 minutes. He eventually joined Notts County. On 6 July, the midfielder James Berrett left the club to join the League One side Carlisle United on a free transfer. Later that day, the midfielder Michael Collins joined Football League Championship side Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee. On 14 July, the young Irish winger Graham Carey signed on a 6-month loan from the Scottish Premier League runners-up Celtic. He returned to Celtic on 13 January 2011, after Huddersfield failed to agree terms on an extension to his deal. On 21 July, the striker Joe Garner signed on a 6-month loan from Nottingham Forest. He returned there on 4 January 2011. On 28 July, two of Huddersfield's youngsters, Jack Hunt and Leigh Franks, were sent out on 6-month loans to Chesterfield and Oxford United respectively. On 5 August, the midfielder Damien Johnson was signed on a season-long loan from the League One rivals Plymouth Argyle. The following day, the striker Robbie Simpson joined Brentford on a season-long loan. On 25 August, the striker Alan Lee joined the club for an undisclosed fee from Crystal Palace. On 31 August, Jim Goodwin left the club by mutual consent. He joined the Scottish Premier League side Hamilton Academical on 6 September. On 8 September, Theo Robinson joined the Championship side Millwall on an emergency 3-month loan deal, but he returned in November, after an injury. He rejoined the club on a permanent deal on 13 January, for an undisclosed fee. On 15 October, Huddersfield brought in the experienced goalkeeper Nick Colgan on a one-month loan from the Conference National side Grimsby Town. He returned a month later, after making no appearances. On 21 January 2011, he signed for Huddersfield on a permanent deal, after being released by Grimsby. On 1 January 2011, as the transfer window reopened, Huddersfield signed the experienced Ireland international Kevin Kilbane on loan from Hull City for the rest of the season. On 10 January, Huddersfield signed Newcastle United's Hungarian international defender Tamás Kádár on loan. On 27 January, the Huddersfield stalwart Nathan Clarke joined the League One rivals Colchester United on loan. On 31 January, as the transfer window was about to shut, Danny Cadamarteri returned to Huddersfield on a short-term contract following his release by the Scottish Premier League side Dundee United. On 26 February, Huddersfield signed the left-back Stephen Jordan on an emergency one-month loan from Sheffield United, following injuries to Gary Naysmith and Liam Ridehalgh. On 15 March, a week after the injury that curtailed Anthony Pilkington's involvement in the season, Huddersfield increased its attacking options by bringing in the winger Danny Ward on loan from the Premier League side Bolton Wanderers for the rest of the season. Defensive options were bolstered by signing the centre-back Sean Morrison on loan from Reading on 23 March. Just as the transfer window shut, the young midfielder Aidan Chippendale was sent on loan to the Conference National side York City

Paragraph 21: Throughout her teaching career, Jackson was also invested in giving back to the communities that supported her in college. In 1934, Jackson became the national Alpha Kappa Alpha president, although her term ended in 1937 she was able to accomplish many things. Within this role, she organized chapters at schools all along the east coast. Under her leadership, chapters were founded in colleges in Los Angeles, Arizona, and Seattle. Her goals did not end there, she never forgot about her home state of Mississippi and the poor, rural Black folks that needed support. Before venturing out to Mississippi she had established a low-cost dental clinic in Oakland. As part of her term, she led an initiative that provided summer schooling for rural teachers in 1934. The first established school was in Lexington, Mississippi and teachers from the AKA organization volunteered to help train local teachers and provide quality, comprehensive education to low-income students. Jackson hoped that by preparing teachers and students, more Black people would be interested in higher education. In addition to this, with the help of Dr. Dorothy Boulding Ferebee and AKA volunteers, Jackson co-founded and became general director of the Mississippi Health Project. This was a system of clinics that aimed to address the health needs of rural Mississippi. As this project expanded, both adults and children were provided with health care. At first this project had goals of establishing physical locations, but Jackson and her team quickly realized that community members had difficulty traveling to centers. In order to adapt to the needs of those they wished to serve, Jackson helped to evolve these centers into mobile clinics that would move throughout the area. As a result, Jackson and her team were able to provide greater access to their services. By the end of this project’s eight years of operation, over 15,000 children were immunized against diphtheria and smallpox. In addition, thousands of adults were provided with treatments and health screenings. Finally, the efforts by Jackson, Dr. Ferebee, and AKA volunteers were receiving national attention so much so that they were invited to the White House twice. They were given the opportunity to speak with then President Roosevelet and the first lady about the specific challenges they had encountered while providing health care in the segregated South. In 1936, during their second visit to the white house Jackson spoke on various issues with Eleanor Roosevelt covering topics such as health, federal jobs, and railway discrimination.

Paragraph 22: The Duwamish community's transition towards a rail-centered economy began on March 7, 1877, with the first run on a new rail line between Steele's Landing on the Duwamish and coal mines in Renton.  In 1878 the line was extended to Newcastle (east of Lake Washington) and it was later extended to other coal sites in south King County.  Although rail lines connecting Georgetown to Seattle had been constructed as early as 1878, Steele's Landing retained its importance for commerce with Seattle until a reliable, permanent rail connection was established in October 1885.  In 1884 the rail line got connected to the Northern Pacific line to the south, and by 1889 transcontinental service came to Georgetown.   With an abundance of flat land that Seattle lacked, Georgetown became the site of the rail yard servicing the new freight traffic.  The freight hub in Georgetown fostered the development of industries capitalizing on its access to resources and rail-to-market, including breweries, lumber mills, brickyards, and foundries. Reconstruction of Seattle after the fire of 1889 and its rapid growth in the following decade boosted demand for building materials supplied by Georgetown.  With fill provided by waste from an early regrade attempt on Beacon Hill, the industrial area grew northward across the former tideflats.

Paragraph 23: Lorenzo is based on an original idea by Disney artist and writer, Joe Grant. He came up with the idea after he saw his cat dive into the middle of a fight between his two poodles. He wondered, what if that cat lost its tail? Grant began developing Lorenzo in 1949. It was written, designed and directed by Mike Gabriel, in collaboration with Grant. Don Hahn suggested Gabriel to use tango music as an inspiration when conceptualizing the film. In search for a tango music, he went to a Virgin Megastore, where he spent $346 of his own money buying 40 tango CDs. The first song he listened to—"Bordoneo y 900", performed by Juan José Mosalini and his Big Tango Orchestra—secured his attention and became the song he chose for the production. For the final film's score, the creators hired Mosalini and Big Tango Orchestra, who recorded in France a new version of "Bordoneo y 900." Baker Bloodworth produced the film, along with Roy E. Disney and Don Hahn who served as executive producers. Gabriel hand painted all of the short's backgrounds with Tempera paint on a black construction paper. A painterly renderer called Sable, created by Daniel Teece, was used to create 3D brush strokes on the backgrounds. Traditional animation and clean-up were done at the Paris-based division of Walt Disney Feature Animation, while all painting, digital work, and post-production were performed at the Burbank studio.

Paragraph 24: It was established in 1903 by parishioners belonging to Morakkala St Mary's Cathedral, due to the distance they had to travel for their spiritual needs(more than 5 km). More than 300 families were part of this parish at that time. They set up a new church in the hillock of Thamarachal dedicated to St Mary. The following year St Peter's and St Paul's Church, Kizhakkambalam was established and a large number of parishioners joined the new parish. In 1907 the holy relic of Mor Yacoob and Mor Samavoon, given by St. Sleeba Mor Osthathious, was installed. The Sunday School was established in 1915 and the following year some of the parishioners founded a parish at Oorakkad dedicated to St Thomas, to meet their spiritual needs. This parish established a school in the 1920s and later was closed to make way for the nearby Government school. In 1935 a chapel was established at Chemmalapady dedicated to St Ignatius of Manjinikkara. In 1950 South Vazhakulam St George Church Was founded by Members of this parishThis parishes Golden Jubilee came in the year 1953 and to commentate that a chapel was established at Malayidomthuruthu, which later became part of Malayidomthuruthu St Mary's Church. In 1968 Marthamariyam Vanitha Samajam came into existence. In 1975 and 1980 two new parishes were established at Malayidomthuruthu and Vilangu respectively, both dedicated to St Mary. Mor Yacoob Mor Samavoon Youth Association came into existence in 1982. This year also witnessed the 1st Apostolic Visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch to this church. Ettunombu celebration began in 1986 and St Mary's holy "Soonoro" was installed in 1988. Pukkattupady St George church came into existence in 1990 from this church. In that year itself a new English Medium School was established, along with St Mary's Charitable Society, under this parish, which later became a CBSE School. In 2002-03 this church celebrated its Century. In 2008 St Mary's Family Unit was established under this parish. This year also saw the Second Apostolic visit of H H Ignatius Zakka I Iwas Patriarch of Antioch and this holy church was elevated as Valiyapally, due to its importance in the region and in the Jacobite church. In 2010 a unit of Mar Gregorios Jacobite Students' Movement(MGJSM), was established here and this church remained as the Pallikkara Region's Headquarters of MGJSM till 2013. The Marian convention centre is the largest parish hall in a Jacobite church. This parish currently has 600 families 3 chapels and 5 shrines.

Paragraph 25: The Algerine Captive tells the story of the upbringing, early career, and later enslavement of fictional Boston native, narrator Updike Underhill. The first volume chronicles Updike Underhill's youth and early adulthood in America; the Preface suggests that its aim is to "at least display a portrait of New England manners, hitherto unattempted." After detailing his family history, Underhill describes his birth, childhood, and early education. Upon the encouragement of a local minister, Underhill's parents agree to prepare the narrator for college by placing him under the minister's tutelage. Underhill's classical education, through which he learns Greek and Latin, provides him with the ability to recite copious lines of poetry, which his countrymen ridicule.   Not only is he mocked for his spouting of Greek poetry, which is unintelligible to all but himself, but he is actually challenged to a duel after writing an unintentionally insulting Greek-inspired ode to a young lady.  Luckily for Underhill, the duel is discovered and preempted by the local sheriffs and constables before it can take place.  This volume also gives an account of Underhill's failed attempt to serve as a teacher in a village school, follows his travels through the Northern and Southern states as a physician, and discusses his service as a surgeon aboard a slave ship that heads to Africa by way of London.  In the final chapter of this volume, while Updike is on the African coast nursing five sick slaves back to health, he is captured and taken as a slave to Algiers.