Paragraph 1: Murphy was a preseason All-Big Ten selection by the Big Ten Media. Prior to the season he was one of nine Big Ten players named to the preseason John R. Wooden Award watchlist. Murphy was named MVP of the November Vancouver Showcase after averaging 15.7 points, 11.7 rebounds and 3.8 assists in wins over Texas A&M, Santa Clara and Washington. In the Santa Clara win on November 20, Murphy surpassed Mychal Thompson as the Minnesota Golden Gopher career rebound leader. Murphy tied Jim Brewer as the Minnesota all-time double-double producer with 24 points and 16 rebounds on November 30 against Oklahoma State and surpassed him two games later on December 5 with 18 points and 13 rebounds against Nebraska. On January 9, Murphy was one of 7 Big Ten athletes included on the Wooden Award Men's Midseason Top 25 watchlist. On January 22, Murphy was one of 4 Big Ten athletes named to the Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award Top 15 midseason watchlist. After leading Minnesota to a win over (#19/21) Iowa on January 27 with 23 points, 11 rebounds and six assists, he moved past Joe Barry Carroll into second place on the all-time Big Ten career rebound list (behind Jerry Lucas). On January 28, Murphy earned Co-Big Ten Player of the Week recognition, thus becoming the first Golden Gopher to earn 5 Big Ten Player of the Week recognitions. On February 7, Murphy was one of two Big Ten athletes (along with Iggy Brazdeikis) named a Karl Malone Award Top 10 finalist. Following a pair of double-doubles against Nebraska and Indiana Murphy added a 6th Big Ten Player of the Week award on February 18. Following the season, he was a 2019 First team All-Big Ten selection by the media and second team selection by the coaches. On March 12, the U.S. Basketball Writers Association named Murphy to its 2012–13 Men's All-District V (OH, IN, IL, MI, MN, WI) Team, based upon voting from its national membership.  He was named to the  National Association of Basketball Coaches Division I All‐District 7 first team on March 21, as selected and voted on by member coaches of the NABC, making him eligible for the 2019 NABC Coaches’ Division I All-America team. He averaged 17.3 points and 9.3 rebounds in the 2019 Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament, earning a spot on the All-tournament team. He led the Big Ten in rebounding average (11.0).

Paragraph 2: This mainly pertains to the lunate sulcas, which Dart had described as having human-like placement, Upon further examination however, Falk determined that these patterns were much more similar to that of an ape's similar sized brain. This however was of great debate as the sulcas was not incredibly visible on the endocast, as it often is not in apes. Ralph Holloway stood in opposition of this idea as he had long been known as a supporter of Dart's analysis of Taung. He believed that the sulcus would be in the area of the lambdoid structure. Falk however, believed the sulcas was placed higher on the skull, in a more ape-like manner. However, studies surrounding this have been controversial, as there is no concrete place on the brain where they can place these features. Paleoneurologists have been tasked with looking at various depressions in the brain and attempting to determine what they are. These scientists are often met with skepticism, just as Falk in her continued support of an ape-like placement of the lunate sulcas. However, now many professionals believe that the sulcas is not visible in Taung and many other Australopithecus africanus specimens. However, a newer endocast specimen title Stw 505 has been examined, and many believe that it supports Dart's hypothesis, but this aspect of Taung is still highly debated, and many still believe it has ape-like placement.

Paragraph 3: Author Petre Ispirescu collected the tale Făt-Frumos cel rătăcit ("Făt-Frumos, The Lost One"), from a teller in Craiova. In this tale, a poor working couple feeds their mare, and longs to have a son. One day, they wander of until they finds a sorcerer who gives them an apple, but warns them that the apple must not be shared with any animal. They go back home and eat the apple, and leave the peels on the yard which their mare eats. Nine months later, a boy is born to the human couple, and a foal to the mare. The old man is glad to have been doubly blessed and allows his son to keep the horse. The boy grows up fast and becomes too strong and smart, and, one day, rides the horse at a very fast pace away from his parents' farm. The couple try to find him, but he is too far away to be seen, so they weep for their vanished son. Meanwhile, the boy reaches a distant place and feels he is unable to retrace his tracks, and cries over the situation. The horse tries to comfort him, and gives him its bridle, then gallops somewhere else to find a place they can say the night. After a while, the horse returns and guides its master to the castle of three fairies, where he works as their servant. With the horse's secret guidance, the boy learns of the fairies' secrets (clothes and nuts in shelves), and their golden bath. One day, the boy stands beneath their golden water, and bathes his hair in it with a golden tint. He then takes the horse and gallops to another kingdom, far away from the fairies, where he finds work as a gardener's assistant to an emperor, when the gardener falls ill, the boy takes bouquets for the emperor' three daughters, the first made of faded flowers, the second with flowers in bloom, and the third with budding flowers. Later, the emperor takes the court to church, and leaves the boy alone in the garden. While the nobles are away, he summons the horse to take a ride around the garden in brass armour - an event seen by the youngest princess -, then goes to church. This happens again with the boy wearing silver and golden amour. Time passes, and the emperor summons a crowd of suitors for the princesses to choose their husbands by throwing a golden apple. The youngest, however, withholds hers until the gardener's assistant passes in front of her. She throws her golden apple to the poor boy, to the king's consternation. He agrees to their marriage, but banishes her to a buffalo pen with the husband. The boy, to alleviate their situation, sumons his horse and orders him to build an underground palace for them. Later, war breaks out, and the boy is given a lame mount to join the war. While he is away, he summons the magic horse and fights three times against his father-in-law's enemies. At the end of the tale, the king goed blind, and, according to an astrologer, only milk from the bird that flies over the Jordan river can cure him. The boy rides the horse and finds the bird's milk, while his brothers-in-law buy a fake remedy from a seller. Finally, the boy goes to the emperor's court and ends his charade.

Paragraph 4: Cody Johnson achieved his first number one single in February, when "'Til You Can't" topped Hot Country Songs, and Breland achieved the same feat on the Country Airplay chart in April when he collaborated with Dierks Bentley and Hardy on "Beers on Me". In May, Ashley McBryde reached number one for the first time when her collaboration with Carly Pearce, "Never Wanted to Be That Girl", topped the Country Airplay chart. Mitchell Tenpenny gained his first chart-topper in August when "At the End of a Bar", a collaboration with Chris Young, reached number one on the airplay chart, and Riley Green made his first appearance in the peak position in November when his collaboration with Thomas Rhett, "Half of Me", topped the same listing. Tyler Hubbard gained his first solo number one in November when "5 Foot 9" topped Country Airplay; he had previously spent time at number one as half of the duo Florida Georgia Line. In doing so, Hubbard became the first artist to gain a country number one as part of a duo or group and repeat the feat as a solo act.  In December, Bailey Zimmerman gained his first number one when "Fall in Love" topped the airplay chart, making him the first artist to top the chart with their first entry since October 2021. Morgan Wallen achieved the most number-one country songs in 2022, with five of his songs topping one or both charts. One of these, "Wasted on You", returned to number one on Hot Country Songs 16 months after its first appearance in the top spot in January 2021; "You Proof", also by Wallen, was the year's longest-running number one on both charts with nineteen weeks in the top spot on Hot Country Songs and nine on Country Airplay. It would go on to ultimately spend ten weeks at the top on the latter chart, setting a new record for the longest-running number one single based strictly off country radio airplay, surpassing Lonestar's "Amazed" (1999) and Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett's "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" (2003), which each spent eight weeks at the top. With its time at number one spanning three separate runs, "You Proof" became the first single to rebound to the top after multiple songs reached number one in between. In total, Wallen spent 31 weeks at number one on Hot Country Songs, and 13 on Country Airplay, the most by any act on each listing. Kane Brown and Cole Swindell were the only other acts to achieve more than one number-one country single during 2022, with two each. Swindell's "She Had Me at Heads Carolina" was the only other single besides "You Proof" to spend more than three weeks at the top, with four.

Paragraph 5: March–April 1942: Nothing is happening politically in England. Certain currents of thought: Whom are we fighting against? (New German daily paper, Die Zeitung (mildly Left, circulation 60,000), for German refugees; Blimps using Vansittart’s thesis that all Germans are wicked, not merely the Nazis, to divert from the fact of fighting against Fascism; "The pinks cannot admit that the German masses are behind Hitler any more than the Blimps can admit that their class must be levered out of control if we are to win the war."; "Ordinary working people do not seem to hate the Germans... All the blame for everything is placed on Hitler."); Our Allies ("tremendous net increase of pro-Russian sentiment"; enormous hammer and sickle flag flies over Selfridges; ordinary people fail to grasp that there is any connexion between Moscow and the Communist Party; Daily Worker still banned but now sold under title of British Worker; immense amount of anti-American feeling; English xenophobia is being broken down by presence of large numbers of foreigners, but plenty of people disagree with him; certain amount of "disquieting" antisemitism); Defeatism and German Propaganda (right-wing defeatism is exemplified by Truth, distinctly influential weekly, "stronghold for the very worst kind of right-wing Toryism", advertisements for banks and insurance companies is significant; questions in Parliament revealed it is partly owned by Conservative Party machine; left-wing defeatism is more interesting: ILP is preaching a watered version of the Partisan Review’s Ten Commandments, never clearly stating whether it 'supports' the war; "increasing overlap between Fascism and pacifism"; "With the out-and-out, turn-the-other-cheek pacifists, phenomenon of people started by renouncing violence, ending by championing Hitler"; antisemitic motif very strong, usually soft-pedalled in print; "since there is no real answer to the charge that pacifism is objectively pro-Fascist, nearly all pacifist literature... specialises in avoiding awkward questions"; example of Middleton Murry’s Adelphi and Peace News; example of Now, with contributions by the Duke of Beford, Alex Comfort, Julian Symons and Hugh Ross Williamson; German radio propaganda: New British Broadcasting Station, Workers’ Challenge Station, Christian Peace Movement and Radio Caledonia (Scottish nationalism); intellectuals in France who were ready to go over: Drieu la Rochelle, Pound and Céline; "All is very quiet on the literary front" with paper shortage favouring very short books; corrected mistake made in earlier letter re. Dylan Thomas being in the army, now working for BBC and MOI); tobacco situation "has righted itself"; matches very short; watering the beer, third time since rearmament; absence of air raids relaxes black-out; few people sleeping in Tube stations; basements of demolished houses bricked up to use as water tanks in case of fire.

Paragraph 6: Keselowski scored his first 2010 Nationwide win at Talladega on April 25, after crashing out of the Sprint Cup race earlier in the day, and then went on to win five more races at Richmond, Nashville, Michigan, and Charlotte. At Gateway International Raceway in 2010 Brad Keselowski fought rival Carl Edwards again in the closing stages of the Nationwide Race. On the final lap, Keselowski got loose and unintentionally bumped Edwards. Keselowski briefly took the lead, but gave the position back and fell in behind Edwards. The two ran side by side through turns two and three before Edwards ran high in turn 4 and then made a hard left into the right quarter panel of the No. 22, tuning him intentionally into the wall hard at the finish line and causing an 11 car wreck. Keselowski's car came down in front of the field and was hit hard by the car of Shelby Howard.  Keselowski climbed out of his car with a grimace on his face and mostly unscathed, though one driver was sent to the hospital with rib injuries. With his team and in victory lane Edwards was loudly booed as he bragged publicly that the crash was not an accident. Keselowski was infuriated and told a reporter that Edwards just wrecked him for no reason, saying, "I am sure Edwards will say sorry or think about how cool he is in his mind but that is not reality." That week NASCAR put Edwards on probation for his actions, fined him $25,000, and deducted 60 points from him in the Nationwide Series point standings. NASCAR also placed Keselowski on probation just in case Keselowski felt the need to pay Edwards back. Both drivers were then told by NASCAR to either calm down the rivalry or face an indefinite suspension from the sport.

Paragraph 7: Despite living amongst the praying Indians associated with John Eliot, Tantamous did not join their religion. In 1675 Tantamous and ten other Indians were falsely accused of committing a murder in the Lancaster raid after allegedly falling under suspicion due to their "singing, dancing, and having much powder and many bullets and slugs hid in their baskets," but they were acquitted when the true murderer, Monoco, a Nashaway, was discovered, and Peter Jethro actually communicated with the captors of Mary Rowlandson to obtain her release. According to Sudbury pastor, Edmund Browne, "It was the speech of Indian Jethro, that he would be on the strongest side. I beleeve he spake the truth, and the resolution of most of our Indians." In 1675 Tantamous received thirty lashes for abusive speeches to Rev. Samuel Willard at his house in Groton. During King Philip's War, the government ordered Tantamous and his family to Deer Island, but  Tantamous eventually escaped from Deer Island; however his son, Peter, alerted the authorities (with alleged assurances that his family would not be harmed) of his father's whereabouts. On September 9, 1676 Tantamous contacted Richard Waldron through two women regarding bringing Canonicus, the Narragansett leader, to the colonial government, but Tantamous was captured at Cochecho (Dover, New Hampshire) and executed on September 26, 1676, on the Boston Common  after being marched through the streets of Boston with a noose on his neck on the way to the Great Elm Tree. In his history of the war, Increase Mather referred to the incident, stating, "That abominable Indian Peter Jethro betrayed his own Father, and other Indians of his special acquaintance, unto Death." More recent historians suggest that Peter may have actually been working to turn in only John Monoco, the perpetrator of the Lancaster raid out of a sense of justice, and Monoco and Old Jethro may have intended to surrender peacefully in return for offering Canonicus, the Narragansett leader in exchange for their lives. The remainder of Tantamous' family, other than Peter, were sold into slavery. In 1683 several Indians, including Rev. Daniel Takawombait signed a letter to John Eliot requesting that church services in the Natick Praying town continue in the Nipmuc language rather than English, and one of the signatories was "Olt Jetro," so Peter Jethro may have used his father's name after his death or another Indian may have adopted it as was the practice among other New England Indian leaders of that era.

Paragraph 8: Despite the biggest opposition party - that headed the government from 2005 to 2021 - being socially conservative on the issues of LGBT rights (CDU/CSU), Germany has frequently been seen as one of the most gay-friendly countries in the world. Recent polls have indicated that a large majority of Germans support same-sex marriage. Another poll, conducted by the Pew Research Center, in 2013 indicated that 87% of Germans believed that homosexuality should be accepted by society, which was the second highest score in the 39 countries polled, following Spain (88%). Berlin has been referred to by publications as one of the most gay-friendly cities in the world. Former Mayor of Berlin Klaus Wowereit is one of the most famous openly gay men in Germany, next to the former Mayor of Hamburg, Ole von Beust, the former Federal Minister of Health, Jens Spahn, the deceased former Minister for Foreign Affairs and Vice-Chancellor, Guido Westerwelle, the former Federal Ministry of the Environment, Barbara Hendricks, comedians Hape Kerkeling, and Hella von Sinnen, or political journalist Anne Will. Founded in 1981, the Akademie Waldschlösschen, an adult education conference center near Göttingen, has developed into a national networking hub for LGBTI teachers, lawyers, clergy, gay fathers and gay and lesbian student groups at German universities. Other famous gay rights activists include Rosa von Praunheim, whose film It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives (1971) triggered the modern gay liberation movement in Germany.

Paragraph 9: March–April 1942: Nothing is happening politically in England. Certain currents of thought: Whom are we fighting against? (New German daily paper, Die Zeitung (mildly Left, circulation 60,000), for German refugees; Blimps using Vansittart’s thesis that all Germans are wicked, not merely the Nazis, to divert from the fact of fighting against Fascism; "The pinks cannot admit that the German masses are behind Hitler any more than the Blimps can admit that their class must be levered out of control if we are to win the war."; "Ordinary working people do not seem to hate the Germans... All the blame for everything is placed on Hitler."); Our Allies ("tremendous net increase of pro-Russian sentiment"; enormous hammer and sickle flag flies over Selfridges; ordinary people fail to grasp that there is any connexion between Moscow and the Communist Party; Daily Worker still banned but now sold under title of British Worker; immense amount of anti-American feeling; English xenophobia is being broken down by presence of large numbers of foreigners, but plenty of people disagree with him; certain amount of "disquieting" antisemitism); Defeatism and German Propaganda (right-wing defeatism is exemplified by Truth, distinctly influential weekly, "stronghold for the very worst kind of right-wing Toryism", advertisements for banks and insurance companies is significant; questions in Parliament revealed it is partly owned by Conservative Party machine; left-wing defeatism is more interesting: ILP is preaching a watered version of the Partisan Review’s Ten Commandments, never clearly stating whether it 'supports' the war; "increasing overlap between Fascism and pacifism"; "With the out-and-out, turn-the-other-cheek pacifists, phenomenon of people started by renouncing violence, ending by championing Hitler"; antisemitic motif very strong, usually soft-pedalled in print; "since there is no real answer to the charge that pacifism is objectively pro-Fascist, nearly all pacifist literature... specialises in avoiding awkward questions"; example of Middleton Murry’s Adelphi and Peace News; example of Now, with contributions by the Duke of Beford, Alex Comfort, Julian Symons and Hugh Ross Williamson; German radio propaganda: New British Broadcasting Station, Workers’ Challenge Station, Christian Peace Movement and Radio Caledonia (Scottish nationalism); intellectuals in France who were ready to go over: Drieu la Rochelle, Pound and Céline; "All is very quiet on the literary front" with paper shortage favouring very short books; corrected mistake made in earlier letter re. Dylan Thomas being in the army, now working for BBC and MOI); tobacco situation "has righted itself"; matches very short; watering the beer, third time since rearmament; absence of air raids relaxes black-out; few people sleeping in Tube stations; basements of demolished houses bricked up to use as water tanks in case of fire.

Paragraph 10: In February 1909, at age 19, spurning his father's work offers, he began work as a laborer at the General Pipe and Foundry Company foundry in Inman Park, Atlanta. For a week he shoveled and shifted sand, then worked a lathe as a machinist's apprentice. After a year he was fired. But then he was rehired by General's parent company, General Fire Extinguisher where he worked his way into sales. He then accepted a job offer from his father at Atlantic Ice and Coal Company but left after differences with him. Woodruff parlayed his love of early automobiling into a sales position at White Motor Company based in Cleveland, Ohio, and quickly rose to become vice president of that company. During World War I, Woodruff joined the U.S. Ordnance Department where he promoted a truck design that only White Motors could fulfill, giving the company huge war-time sales.

Paragraph 11: Author Petre Ispirescu collected the tale Făt-Frumos cel rătăcit ("Făt-Frumos, The Lost One"), from a teller in Craiova. In this tale, a poor working couple feeds their mare, and longs to have a son. One day, they wander of until they finds a sorcerer who gives them an apple, but warns them that the apple must not be shared with any animal. They go back home and eat the apple, and leave the peels on the yard which their mare eats. Nine months later, a boy is born to the human couple, and a foal to the mare. The old man is glad to have been doubly blessed and allows his son to keep the horse. The boy grows up fast and becomes too strong and smart, and, one day, rides the horse at a very fast pace away from his parents' farm. The couple try to find him, but he is too far away to be seen, so they weep for their vanished son. Meanwhile, the boy reaches a distant place and feels he is unable to retrace his tracks, and cries over the situation. The horse tries to comfort him, and gives him its bridle, then gallops somewhere else to find a place they can say the night. After a while, the horse returns and guides its master to the castle of three fairies, where he works as their servant. With the horse's secret guidance, the boy learns of the fairies' secrets (clothes and nuts in shelves), and their golden bath. One day, the boy stands beneath their golden water, and bathes his hair in it with a golden tint. He then takes the horse and gallops to another kingdom, far away from the fairies, where he finds work as a gardener's assistant to an emperor, when the gardener falls ill, the boy takes bouquets for the emperor' three daughters, the first made of faded flowers, the second with flowers in bloom, and the third with budding flowers. Later, the emperor takes the court to church, and leaves the boy alone in the garden. While the nobles are away, he summons the horse to take a ride around the garden in brass armour - an event seen by the youngest princess -, then goes to church. This happens again with the boy wearing silver and golden amour. Time passes, and the emperor summons a crowd of suitors for the princesses to choose their husbands by throwing a golden apple. The youngest, however, withholds hers until the gardener's assistant passes in front of her. She throws her golden apple to the poor boy, to the king's consternation. He agrees to their marriage, but banishes her to a buffalo pen with the husband. The boy, to alleviate their situation, sumons his horse and orders him to build an underground palace for them. Later, war breaks out, and the boy is given a lame mount to join the war. While he is away, he summons the magic horse and fights three times against his father-in-law's enemies. At the end of the tale, the king goed blind, and, according to an astrologer, only milk from the bird that flies over the Jordan river can cure him. The boy rides the horse and finds the bird's milk, while his brothers-in-law buy a fake remedy from a seller. Finally, the boy goes to the emperor's court and ends his charade.

Paragraph 12: The core of the band originally formed in 1967 as Music Box, members being Cliff Fish, Dave Manders, Roy White and Phil Wright, the band performing covers by the likes of the Beach Boys. In 1969 they changed their name to Paper Lace. They worked their way through small club gigs, a season at Tiffany's, a Rochdale club, and in 1971 at The Birdcage in Ashton-Under-Lyne. Paper Lace released First Edition, the first of two studio albums in 1972 but, despite some TV appearances, mainstream success was not achieved until a 1973 victory on Opportunity Knocks, the ITV talent contest series.

Paragraph 13: S Club Juniors were formed in 2001 through a reality television show, S Club Search. The auditions were aired on children's television channel, CBBC. The concept of the show was to find a spin-off S Club 7. The show documents the auditions and formation of the group, with S Club 7 as the judges of the show. The winning individuals of the show would be guaranteed a place in the spin-off group. Although, the group were originally formed to only perform and support S Club 7 at Wembley Arena date of their Carnival Tour, S Club Juniors' appearance was considered a success and consequently 19 Entertainment, the management company that had created S Club 7 and auditioned S Club Juniors, decided they should perform as the support act at all of the venues on the tour. The group made their debut television appearance as a group on Children in Need in November 2001. By the time the group had finished touring with S Club 7, they had earned a substantial following and with the encouragement of 19, Polydor Records signed the group. They released their first single "One Step Closer" in April 2002, the group promoted the single by featuring in a four episode television special S Club Junior: The Story, aired on BBC. The song went head-to-head in a chart battle with the Sugababes' comeback single "Freak like Me". Eventually, the song debuted at number two in the UK, though the group were predicted to chart at number-one in the midweek sales, but dipped over the weekend selling roughly 73,000 copies in the first week, compared to the Sugababes' 85,000 copies. "Automatic High" was released as the second single from the band's first studio album, the single also reached number two in the UK charts selling 52,000 copies, and spent eight weeks inside the UK top 75. The group began working on their debut studio album in June 2002; working with Cathy Dennis, Carole King, Gerry Goffin Tracy Ackerman, Hannah Robinson and Mikkel S. Eriksen (of Stargate). Bridge was the only member of the band to get a solo in every chorus of the song. A third single was released from the album, "New Direction" and again charted at number two in the UK. The Juniors released their debut album Together (2002) on 21 October; it reached number five in its first week of sale and sold 40,000 copies. A fourth single, "Puppy Love/Sleigh Ride", was released in December 2002. The song was also featured in the soundtrack for film Love Actually.

Paragraph 14: substantial success in this mission, and the emphasis shifted to continuing the pressure on local VC units until they withdrew into the foothills. The division's battalions, reinforced with Rangers and RF/PF pushed into the piedmont to block the VC's supply lines to the coast, find and destroy supply bases, deny access to the rice harvest, protect refugee villages, and secure Highway 1 against VC attack. Added to these general missions was one very specific requirement, imposed not only by orders from I Corps but compelled by the honor of the division: defend Sa Huỳnh. The 4th Regiment was assigned this mission, keeping two battalions entrenched in the hills overlooking the small fishing village. The 4th, with one RF battalion attached and another under the command of the district chief, was responsible for security in Duc Pho District of Quang Ngai, but its control extended scarcely 5 km west of Highway 1. The 5th Regiment had missions parallel to the 4th, but operated in the central coastal district of Mộ Đức. The 5th was reinforced by two RF battalions, but its success in maneuvering west of Highway I was also limited, although security along the highway was reasonably well maintained. The 6th Regiment was responsible for the sector from Chu Lai to the division boundary north of Tam Ky and like the other two Regiments, engaged in numerous contacts with local VC through the fall and winter of 1973. There were 6 major bridges and at least 25 shorter spans along the stretch of Highway 1 in the division sector. All had to be protected and the mission was nearly always assigned to RF/PF forces. VC sappers got to the Sa Bau Bridge south of Tam Ky on 26 December and dropped it in the river. On Christmas they blew up the Tra Can Bridge in Duc Pho District, right under the noses of an RF Company. Maj. Gen. Tran Van Nhut, the division commander was so incensed at this debacle, the RF Company commander had been warned that a VC unit was seen reconnoitering for the attack, that he threw the captain in jail. According to General Nhut at the time, at least a part of the problem of territorial ineffectiveness in Quang Ngai Province was traceable to the fact that a very high percentage of the RF/PF and Peoples' Self-Defense Force troops had relatives in the VC ranks; family loyalties often took precedence over military orders and duties.

Paragraph 15: CyberTrust was founded as a subsidiary of GTE Corporation's Government Systems Information Security Directorate. It focused on security services for electronic commerce. These included authentication, privacy, integrity and non-repudiation using Public Key Encryption technology.  In 2000, GTE sold CyberTrust to Ireland-based security company Baltimore Technologies for $150 million. In 2003, Baltimore Technologies divested its operating companies, including all digital certificate operations to BeTrusted Holdings, Inc. A year later in September 2004, BeTrusted announced its intention to merge with former competitor TruSecure Corporation and in November the resulting company was incorporated in Virginia as CyberTrust. Verizon Business then acquired Cybertrust in 2007, reuniting it with its former parent (Verizon was created by the merger of GTE and Bell Atlantic). Financial terms were not disclosed. In 2015, the CyberTrust root certificates were acquired by DigiCert, Inc., a leading global Certificate Authority (CA) and provider of trusted identity and authentication services. The financial terms were not disclosed.

Paragraph 16: The first witness was 12-year-old Lolorrbra (known as Lala) who testified in detail that he saw Arkirkra, Padygar and Marungali kill Brooks. He also testified that all the Aboriginal people that had helped them were now dead. Constable Murray took the stand next, his evidence becoming so involved in justifying his own actions in killing suspects that Justice Mallen reminded him that he himself was not on trial and to avoid facts not relevant to the guilt of the accused. The court then adjourned for lunch. The verdict was a foregone conclusion as all that remained was the reading of the confessions made by the accused in Alice Springs. Despite lunch for the jurors being provided by the local hotel, two of the jurors went home to eat. A furious Justice Mallen dismissed the jury, ordered a new jury be empanelled and a new trial to be convened the following day. The new trial began with Lolorrbra being asked to repeat his evidence. This time his evidence, although still maintaining that the accused were the murderers, was completely contradictory. Under cross examination it became apparent within minutes that he had been coached on what to say. When the prosecution tried to introduce the written confessions of the accused, Justice Mallen pointed out that as the accused had been charged by a South Australian rather than Central Australian magistrate he would disallow the statements. The prosecution declined to call the accused to testify. Murray took the stand next, angering Justice Mallen when he repeated his justifications for killing suspects. The judge remarked "It appears impossible for all those bands of natives to be associated with the murder of Brooks. It looks as if they were shot down at different places just to teach them and other aborigines a lesson." With no evidence of guilt presented, Justice Mallen ordered the jury to acquit the accused.

Paragraph 17: Superhoodie, played by Daniel Ilabaca, first appears in one of Simon's videos, helping a member of the public, and features on posters both on the E4 website game and in the show. In the first series' finale, Superhoodie helps Nathan escape a group of 'Virtue' followers. His face is concealed by a hood and a black mask. He is later seen in another of Simon's videos, demonstrating extreme free running skills before talking to Simon. He reveals he has been watching the Misfits and is aware of their abilities. In the first series, Superhoodie is portrayed by free runner Neil Hutson. Superhoodie returns in the first episode of the second series, dressed in black, initially studying a room full of photos of the Misfits along with five large digital clocks counting down to an unspecified target. He throws a paper aeroplane from a building across a river to Kelly, informing her to go to Nathan's grave where she discovers his immortality. He returns at the conclusion of the episode, saving Curtis from suffocation at the hands of Lucy. In the second episode of the second series, he shields a temporarily mortal Nathan from his brother Jamie's exploding car, causing him to be apparently hurt quite badly by shrapnel, though he manages to escape. In episode 3 of Series 2 Superhoodie leads the group to Nikki's flat. Having repeatedly saved Alisha from danger, Superhoodie reveals himself to be a future version of Simon to her, and makes her keep his identity hidden. It is revealed that he is immune to Alisha's power, while present-day Simon is not. They enter into a secret relationship and he tells her that he travelled through time to make sure particular events happen. In the fourth episode of the second series, Ollie is put into community service along with the group but is soon after killed by Tim, and his heart is transplanted to Nikki, who in turn gains Ollie's power. Alisha confronts future Simon when she discovers that he knew it would happen but didn't stop it, but Simon tells her that if he saved Ollie, there would have been consequences. When Tim kidnaps Kelly, the group steal £100,000, but when they deliver it to him, Tim takes the other Misfits hostage. Alisha escapes her binds but Tim catches her. He is about to shoot her but future Simon, who has been timing the events, drops down from a skylight and takes the bullet. As Tim leaves to complete his next 'level', Alisha cradles a dying Simon and admits she is in love with him. He dies and at his instruction Alisha burns his body, having received the key to his base. Alisha reveals Superhoodie's true identity to Simon after the Misfits go public, as well as her relationship with him, but this timeline is erased by Curtis. In the three-month gap between the second series' finale and the Christmas special, Alisha tells Simon who Superhoodie really is.

Paragraph 18: Kreia is a fictional character and party member in Obsidian Entertainment's Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords. She is a blind Force-sensitive who forms a "bond" with the player character, the Jedi Exile, through the Force. Kreia sets herself up as the Exile's mentor, and rejects the divide of the light and dark side of the Force, as well as the predestination the Force entails. By the game's end, it is revealed she is the Sith Lord Darth Traya and is planning on destroying the Force, and she becomes the final boss of The Sith Lords. Kreia makes no more appearances in Star Wars fiction, though a miniature by Wizards of the Coast was released in August 2008, and she appears as an obtainable character in Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes.

Paragraph 19: In February 1909, at age 19, spurning his father's work offers, he began work as a laborer at the General Pipe and Foundry Company foundry in Inman Park, Atlanta. For a week he shoveled and shifted sand, then worked a lathe as a machinist's apprentice. After a year he was fired. But then he was rehired by General's parent company, General Fire Extinguisher where he worked his way into sales. He then accepted a job offer from his father at Atlantic Ice and Coal Company but left after differences with him. Woodruff parlayed his love of early automobiling into a sales position at White Motor Company based in Cleveland, Ohio, and quickly rose to become vice president of that company. During World War I, Woodruff joined the U.S. Ordnance Department where he promoted a truck design that only White Motors could fulfill, giving the company huge war-time sales.

Paragraph 20: This mainly pertains to the lunate sulcas, which Dart had described as having human-like placement, Upon further examination however, Falk determined that these patterns were much more similar to that of an ape's similar sized brain. This however was of great debate as the sulcas was not incredibly visible on the endocast, as it often is not in apes. Ralph Holloway stood in opposition of this idea as he had long been known as a supporter of Dart's analysis of Taung. He believed that the sulcus would be in the area of the lambdoid structure. Falk however, believed the sulcas was placed higher on the skull, in a more ape-like manner. However, studies surrounding this have been controversial, as there is no concrete place on the brain where they can place these features. Paleoneurologists have been tasked with looking at various depressions in the brain and attempting to determine what they are. These scientists are often met with skepticism, just as Falk in her continued support of an ape-like placement of the lunate sulcas. However, now many professionals believe that the sulcas is not visible in Taung and many other Australopithecus africanus specimens. However, a newer endocast specimen title Stw 505 has been examined, and many believe that it supports Dart's hypothesis, but this aspect of Taung is still highly debated, and many still believe it has ape-like placement.

Paragraph 21: substantial success in this mission, and the emphasis shifted to continuing the pressure on local VC units until they withdrew into the foothills. The division's battalions, reinforced with Rangers and RF/PF pushed into the piedmont to block the VC's supply lines to the coast, find and destroy supply bases, deny access to the rice harvest, protect refugee villages, and secure Highway 1 against VC attack. Added to these general missions was one very specific requirement, imposed not only by orders from I Corps but compelled by the honor of the division: defend Sa Huỳnh. The 4th Regiment was assigned this mission, keeping two battalions entrenched in the hills overlooking the small fishing village. The 4th, with one RF battalion attached and another under the command of the district chief, was responsible for security in Duc Pho District of Quang Ngai, but its control extended scarcely 5 km west of Highway 1. The 5th Regiment had missions parallel to the 4th, but operated in the central coastal district of Mộ Đức. The 5th was reinforced by two RF battalions, but its success in maneuvering west of Highway I was also limited, although security along the highway was reasonably well maintained. The 6th Regiment was responsible for the sector from Chu Lai to the division boundary north of Tam Ky and like the other two Regiments, engaged in numerous contacts with local VC through the fall and winter of 1973. There were 6 major bridges and at least 25 shorter spans along the stretch of Highway 1 in the division sector. All had to be protected and the mission was nearly always assigned to RF/PF forces. VC sappers got to the Sa Bau Bridge south of Tam Ky on 26 December and dropped it in the river. On Christmas they blew up the Tra Can Bridge in Duc Pho District, right under the noses of an RF Company. Maj. Gen. Tran Van Nhut, the division commander was so incensed at this debacle, the RF Company commander had been warned that a VC unit was seen reconnoitering for the attack, that he threw the captain in jail. According to General Nhut at the time, at least a part of the problem of territorial ineffectiveness in Quang Ngai Province was traceable to the fact that a very high percentage of the RF/PF and Peoples' Self-Defense Force troops had relatives in the VC ranks; family loyalties often took precedence over military orders and duties.

Paragraph 22: Performed at the Mount Rushmore Amphitheater at the base of the monument in the Black Hills of South Dakota.  Performed in front of record crowds of 5,000 people the first night and over 6,000 the second night, the concerts featured the band's full stage production with special guests.  Paul shared his story and his goals of peace, hope and reconciliation between the cultures.  Both concerts were professionally filmed for a future broadcast on South Dakota public television and on other PBS affiliates across the country.  On October 6, 2007 the 9th annual NAMA Awards were held.  Brulé & AIRO were nominated for a record five awards and received two.  For the second straight year they were honored with Group of the Year, this time for Silent Star Night, and Kinship received the Best New Age Recording Award.  Silent Star Night was also nominated for an Aboriginal People's Choice Awards held in Canada.  In November 2007 the group released the third installment of the Nicole CDs featuring Nicole LaRoche on flute.  Entitled Deep Dreams the CD adds a new sound to the extensive Brulé & AIRO collection.  On December 2, 2007 the first broadcast of "Brulé & AIRO Concerts for Reconciliation of the Cultures at Mount Rushmore" was presented as part of South Dakota's Public Television Pledge Drive.  Two-thirds of the concert were aired while viewers were encouraged to make a pledge to SDPB.  A DVD of the Mount Rushmore concerts as well as a live audio CD of the concert were offered as gifts to those who made pledges.  The DVD and CD, along with a documentary of the making of the concert will be made available for sale to the public around the 1st of the year.

Paragraph 23: The first witness was 12-year-old Lolorrbra (known as Lala) who testified in detail that he saw Arkirkra, Padygar and Marungali kill Brooks. He also testified that all the Aboriginal people that had helped them were now dead. Constable Murray took the stand next, his evidence becoming so involved in justifying his own actions in killing suspects that Justice Mallen reminded him that he himself was not on trial and to avoid facts not relevant to the guilt of the accused. The court then adjourned for lunch. The verdict was a foregone conclusion as all that remained was the reading of the confessions made by the accused in Alice Springs. Despite lunch for the jurors being provided by the local hotel, two of the jurors went home to eat. A furious Justice Mallen dismissed the jury, ordered a new jury be empanelled and a new trial to be convened the following day. The new trial began with Lolorrbra being asked to repeat his evidence. This time his evidence, although still maintaining that the accused were the murderers, was completely contradictory. Under cross examination it became apparent within minutes that he had been coached on what to say. When the prosecution tried to introduce the written confessions of the accused, Justice Mallen pointed out that as the accused had been charged by a South Australian rather than Central Australian magistrate he would disallow the statements. The prosecution declined to call the accused to testify. Murray took the stand next, angering Justice Mallen when he repeated his justifications for killing suspects. The judge remarked "It appears impossible for all those bands of natives to be associated with the murder of Brooks. It looks as if they were shot down at different places just to teach them and other aborigines a lesson." With no evidence of guilt presented, Justice Mallen ordered the jury to acquit the accused.

Paragraph 24: This mainly pertains to the lunate sulcas, which Dart had described as having human-like placement, Upon further examination however, Falk determined that these patterns were much more similar to that of an ape's similar sized brain. This however was of great debate as the sulcas was not incredibly visible on the endocast, as it often is not in apes. Ralph Holloway stood in opposition of this idea as he had long been known as a supporter of Dart's analysis of Taung. He believed that the sulcus would be in the area of the lambdoid structure. Falk however, believed the sulcas was placed higher on the skull, in a more ape-like manner. However, studies surrounding this have been controversial, as there is no concrete place on the brain where they can place these features. Paleoneurologists have been tasked with looking at various depressions in the brain and attempting to determine what they are. These scientists are often met with skepticism, just as Falk in her continued support of an ape-like placement of the lunate sulcas. However, now many professionals believe that the sulcas is not visible in Taung and many other Australopithecus africanus specimens. However, a newer endocast specimen title Stw 505 has been examined, and many believe that it supports Dart's hypothesis, but this aspect of Taung is still highly debated, and many still believe it has ape-like placement.

Paragraph 25: Murphy was a preseason All-Big Ten selection by the Big Ten Media. Prior to the season he was one of nine Big Ten players named to the preseason John R. Wooden Award watchlist. Murphy was named MVP of the November Vancouver Showcase after averaging 15.7 points, 11.7 rebounds and 3.8 assists in wins over Texas A&M, Santa Clara and Washington. In the Santa Clara win on November 20, Murphy surpassed Mychal Thompson as the Minnesota Golden Gopher career rebound leader. Murphy tied Jim Brewer as the Minnesota all-time double-double producer with 24 points and 16 rebounds on November 30 against Oklahoma State and surpassed him two games later on December 5 with 18 points and 13 rebounds against Nebraska. On January 9, Murphy was one of 7 Big Ten athletes included on the Wooden Award Men's Midseason Top 25 watchlist. On January 22, Murphy was one of 4 Big Ten athletes named to the Naismith Defensive Player of the Year Award Top 15 midseason watchlist. After leading Minnesota to a win over (#19/21) Iowa on January 27 with 23 points, 11 rebounds and six assists, he moved past Joe Barry Carroll into second place on the all-time Big Ten career rebound list (behind Jerry Lucas). On January 28, Murphy earned Co-Big Ten Player of the Week recognition, thus becoming the first Golden Gopher to earn 5 Big Ten Player of the Week recognitions. On February 7, Murphy was one of two Big Ten athletes (along with Iggy Brazdeikis) named a Karl Malone Award Top 10 finalist. Following a pair of double-doubles against Nebraska and Indiana Murphy added a 6th Big Ten Player of the Week award on February 18. Following the season, he was a 2019 First team All-Big Ten selection by the media and second team selection by the coaches. On March 12, the U.S. Basketball Writers Association named Murphy to its 2012–13 Men's All-District V (OH, IN, IL, MI, MN, WI) Team, based upon voting from its national membership.  He was named to the  National Association of Basketball Coaches Division I All‐District 7 first team on March 21, as selected and voted on by member coaches of the NABC, making him eligible for the 2019 NABC Coaches’ Division I All-America team. He averaged 17.3 points and 9.3 rebounds in the 2019 Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament, earning a spot on the All-tournament team. He led the Big Ten in rebounding average (11.0).

Paragraph 26: Kreia is a fictional character and party member in Obsidian Entertainment's Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords. She is a blind Force-sensitive who forms a "bond" with the player character, the Jedi Exile, through the Force. Kreia sets herself up as the Exile's mentor, and rejects the divide of the light and dark side of the Force, as well as the predestination the Force entails. By the game's end, it is revealed she is the Sith Lord Darth Traya and is planning on destroying the Force, and she becomes the final boss of The Sith Lords. Kreia makes no more appearances in Star Wars fiction, though a miniature by Wizards of the Coast was released in August 2008, and she appears as an obtainable character in Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes.

Paragraph 27: Bolstered by its success in Japan, Nintendo soon turned its attention to foreign markets. As a new console manufacturer, Nintendo had to convince a skeptical public to embrace its system. To this end, Nintendo entered into negotiations with Atari to release the Famicom outside Japan as the Nintendo Enhanced Video System, with plans to release the system by the end of 1983. Though the two companies reached a tentative agreement, with final contract papers to be signed at the 1983 Summer Consumer Electronics Show (CES), Atari refused to sign at the last minute, after seeing Coleco, one of its main competitors in the market at that time, demonstrating a prototype of Donkey Kong for its forthcoming Coleco Adam home computer system. Coleco had licensed Donkey Kong for the ColecoVision home console, but Atari had the exclusive computer license for the game. Although the game had been originally produced for the ColecoVision and could thus automatically be played on the backward compatible Adam computer, Atari took the demonstration as a sign that Nintendo was also dealing with Coleco. Though the issue was cleared up within a month, by then Atari's financial problems stemming from the North American video game crash of 1983 coupled with the departure of Atari CEO Ray Kassar left the company unable to follow through with the deal in time to make the target launch.

Paragraph 28: Aloïse Blanche Corbaz was born in Lausanne, Switzerland in 1886.  She earned her baccalauréat in 1906. Although she dreamt of becoming a singer, Aloïse worked as a dressmaker until leaving for Germany in 1911.  She eventually found work as a teacher and a governess, in Potsdam, at the court of German Kaiser Wilhelm II. While there, she developed an obsessive romantic passion for the Kaiser. The start of World War I necessitated Aloïse's return to Switzerland.  Her imaginary romance with the Kaiser continued, leading to her being diagnosed with schizophrenia and committed to  the asylum at Cery-sur-Lausanne in 1918. In 1920 she was moved to an annex of the hospital, la Rosiere a Gimel, where she remained until her death in 1964.

Paragraph 29: Cody Johnson achieved his first number one single in February, when "'Til You Can't" topped Hot Country Songs, and Breland achieved the same feat on the Country Airplay chart in April when he collaborated with Dierks Bentley and Hardy on "Beers on Me". In May, Ashley McBryde reached number one for the first time when her collaboration with Carly Pearce, "Never Wanted to Be That Girl", topped the Country Airplay chart. Mitchell Tenpenny gained his first chart-topper in August when "At the End of a Bar", a collaboration with Chris Young, reached number one on the airplay chart, and Riley Green made his first appearance in the peak position in November when his collaboration with Thomas Rhett, "Half of Me", topped the same listing. Tyler Hubbard gained his first solo number one in November when "5 Foot 9" topped Country Airplay; he had previously spent time at number one as half of the duo Florida Georgia Line. In doing so, Hubbard became the first artist to gain a country number one as part of a duo or group and repeat the feat as a solo act.  In December, Bailey Zimmerman gained his first number one when "Fall in Love" topped the airplay chart, making him the first artist to top the chart with their first entry since October 2021. Morgan Wallen achieved the most number-one country songs in 2022, with five of his songs topping one or both charts. One of these, "Wasted on You", returned to number one on Hot Country Songs 16 months after its first appearance in the top spot in January 2021; "You Proof", also by Wallen, was the year's longest-running number one on both charts with nineteen weeks in the top spot on Hot Country Songs and nine on Country Airplay. It would go on to ultimately spend ten weeks at the top on the latter chart, setting a new record for the longest-running number one single based strictly off country radio airplay, surpassing Lonestar's "Amazed" (1999) and Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett's "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" (2003), which each spent eight weeks at the top. With its time at number one spanning three separate runs, "You Proof" became the first single to rebound to the top after multiple songs reached number one in between. In total, Wallen spent 31 weeks at number one on Hot Country Songs, and 13 on Country Airplay, the most by any act on each listing. Kane Brown and Cole Swindell were the only other acts to achieve more than one number-one country single during 2022, with two each. Swindell's "She Had Me at Heads Carolina" was the only other single besides "You Proof" to spend more than three weeks at the top, with four.

Paragraph 30: Bolstered by its success in Japan, Nintendo soon turned its attention to foreign markets. As a new console manufacturer, Nintendo had to convince a skeptical public to embrace its system. To this end, Nintendo entered into negotiations with Atari to release the Famicom outside Japan as the Nintendo Enhanced Video System, with plans to release the system by the end of 1983. Though the two companies reached a tentative agreement, with final contract papers to be signed at the 1983 Summer Consumer Electronics Show (CES), Atari refused to sign at the last minute, after seeing Coleco, one of its main competitors in the market at that time, demonstrating a prototype of Donkey Kong for its forthcoming Coleco Adam home computer system. Coleco had licensed Donkey Kong for the ColecoVision home console, but Atari had the exclusive computer license for the game. Although the game had been originally produced for the ColecoVision and could thus automatically be played on the backward compatible Adam computer, Atari took the demonstration as a sign that Nintendo was also dealing with Coleco. Though the issue was cleared up within a month, by then Atari's financial problems stemming from the North American video game crash of 1983 coupled with the departure of Atari CEO Ray Kassar left the company unable to follow through with the deal in time to make the target launch.

Paragraph 31: Keselowski scored his first 2010 Nationwide win at Talladega on April 25, after crashing out of the Sprint Cup race earlier in the day, and then went on to win five more races at Richmond, Nashville, Michigan, and Charlotte. At Gateway International Raceway in 2010 Brad Keselowski fought rival Carl Edwards again in the closing stages of the Nationwide Race. On the final lap, Keselowski got loose and unintentionally bumped Edwards. Keselowski briefly took the lead, but gave the position back and fell in behind Edwards. The two ran side by side through turns two and three before Edwards ran high in turn 4 and then made a hard left into the right quarter panel of the No. 22, tuning him intentionally into the wall hard at the finish line and causing an 11 car wreck. Keselowski's car came down in front of the field and was hit hard by the car of Shelby Howard.  Keselowski climbed out of his car with a grimace on his face and mostly unscathed, though one driver was sent to the hospital with rib injuries. With his team and in victory lane Edwards was loudly booed as he bragged publicly that the crash was not an accident. Keselowski was infuriated and told a reporter that Edwards just wrecked him for no reason, saying, "I am sure Edwards will say sorry or think about how cool he is in his mind but that is not reality." That week NASCAR put Edwards on probation for his actions, fined him $25,000, and deducted 60 points from him in the Nationwide Series point standings. NASCAR also placed Keselowski on probation just in case Keselowski felt the need to pay Edwards back. Both drivers were then told by NASCAR to either calm down the rivalry or face an indefinite suspension from the sport.