Paragraph 1: Sherlock was born in Kildorrery, County Cork, in 1930. He was educated at the local national school. He took part in the IRA's Border Campaign as a young man, which resulted in him being imprisoned in Mountjoy Prison for six months. However, following the failure of the campaign, he endorsed the IRA's and Sinn Féin's move towards social activism and participating in politics. He worked at the local sugar factory for 18 years, and first held political office in 1967, when he was elected to Mallow Urban District Council as a Sinn Féin representative. During the split in Sinn Féin in 1970, Sherlock remained with the "Official" wing of the movement. In 1974, he was elected to Cork County Council. He served as Chairperson of Mallow UDC. He held both seats until the ending of the dual mandate in 2003. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1981 general election as a Sinn Féin - The Workers' Party TD.

Paragraph 2: Round 5 saw the Broncos have a 34–22 win over the Newcastle Knights at Energy Australia Stadium. Justin Hodges starred with a two try effort with Michael Ennis also scoring two tries, while always looking dangerous. Round 6 was a disappointing 26–24 loss for the Broncos to the red hot Gold Coast Titans. The Titans burst out of the blocks with a 16–0 lead after 20 mins. However the Broncos fought back strongly, with a missed goal from the sideline from Michael Ennis late in the second half the difference. In round 9, the Broncos lost their first match of the season while leading at halftime when they led 12–6 at halftime to lose 30–12 against the Manly Sea Eagles, it was also Broncos first loss for the season at Suncorp Stadium. In round 10, the Broncos lost their first back-to-back losses for the season when they lost to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks 13-6 at Toyota Park. The Broncos returned to the winners list with a very thrilling 30–26 win against the Parramatta Eels at Suncorp Stadium in round 12. Also Denan Kemp equalled the record for the most tries in a match for the Broncos with 4 tries against the Eels in round 12. Karmichael Hunt kicked his first ever field goal when he won the game for the Broncos 19-18 against the Wests Tigers in round 15. Also Nick Kenny scored his first ever try in first grade against the Tigers. The Broncos played out their first draw since round 25, 2004 and the first draw of the season with a hard fought 12–12 draw with the Penrith Panthers at CUA Stadium in round 16. In round 20, the Broncos won their first back to back wins since round 8 with a hard fort 18–12 win over the Cronulla Sharks at Suncorp Stadium. Joel Clinton has scored his first try for the Broncos in the Broncos 25–21 win over the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in round 24. In round 25, the Broncos secured another finals campaign with a 36–22 win over the Canterbury Bulldogs at Suncorp Stadium. The Broncos will compete in their 17th straight finals series. The Broncos took on the Sydney Roosters in the Qualifying Final and the Broncos turned an 8-point halftime deficit into an 8-point win coming from 16–8 down to win 24–16 at the SFS. The Broncos season came to an end when Greg Inglis crossed the line with 1 minute to play as the Broncos led the Melbourne Storm 14-12 in the semi-final at Suncorp Stadium. They lost 16–14.

Paragraph 3: The original name of Champawat is said to be Champavati, which was due to its location on the banks of the Champavati stream. To the west of this region was a fort called Donkot, where the local Rawat kings resided. There are seven ancient temples in the valley of the Champavati stream: Baleshwar, Kranteshwar, Tadkeshwar, Rishneshwar, Dikteshwar, Mallareshwar and Maneshwar, of which, the Baleshwar temple is considered to be the most important. According to a local epic titled Gurupaduka, Champavati, the sister of the Nagas, did penance near the Baleshwar temple of Champawat. In her memory, the temple of Champavati is still located inside the Baleshwar temple complex. According to the Vayu Purana, Champavati was the capital of nine kings of Puri Naga Dynasty.

Paragraph 4: Interactive accounts assume that all available information is processed at the same time and can immediately influence the computation of the final analysis. In the interactive model of sentence processing, there is no separate module for parsing.  Lexical access, syntactic structure assignment, and meaning assignment happen at the same time in parallel. Several syntactic hypotheses can be considered at a time.    The interactive model demonstrates an on-line interaction between the structural and lexical and phonetic levels of sentence processing. Each word, as it is heard in the context of normal discourse, is immediately entered into the processing system at all levels of description, and is simultaneously analyzed at all these levels in the light of whatever information is available at each level at that point in the processing of the sentence.  Interactive models of language processing assume that information flows both bottom-up and top-down, so that the representations formed at each level may be influenced by higher as well as lower levels. A framework called the interactive activation framework that embeds this key assumption among others, including the assumption that influences from different sources are combined nonlinearly. The nonlinearity means that information that may be decisive under some circumstances may have little or no effect under other conditions. In the interactive activation framework, the knowledge that guides processing is stored in the connections between units on the same and adjacent levels. The processing units that they connect may receive input from a number of different sources, which allows the knowledge that guides processing to be completely local while, at the same time, allowing the results of processing at one level to influence processing at other levels, both above and below. A basic assumption of the framework is that processing interactions are always reciprocal; it is this bi-directional characteristic that makes the system interactive. Bi-directional excitatory interactions between levels allow mutual simultaneous constraint among adjacent levels, and bi-directional inhibitory interactions within a level allow for competition among mutually incompatible interpretations of a portion of an input. The between-level excitatory interactions are captured in the models in two-way excitatory connections between mutually compatible processing units. Syntactic ambiguities are in fact based at the lexical level. In addition, more recent studies with more sensitive eye tracking machines have shown early context effects. Frequency and contextual information will modulate the activation of alternatives even when they are resolved in favor of the simple interpretation. Structural simplicity is cofounded with frequency, which goes against the garden path theory

Paragraph 5: In the 1996-1997 season Eldredge started off on fire, easily beating Alexei Urmanov (who also skated cleanly) to win Skate America.  He controversially lost the Grand Prix final to Elvis Stojko who landed the first ever quadruple-triple combination, but had other errors, including a fall on his 2nd triple axel.  Eldredge skated a clean and more complete program, but suffered from the home country scoring of the event in Canada.   He regained his U.S title easily, in the absence of defending Champion Rudy Galindo, who was now professional.  At the World Championships Eldredge skated a spectacular short program, but due to the very early draw he finished 2nd to Alexei Urmanov who skated near the very end.  The top 6 were all clean with triple axel-triple toe combinations.  Elvis Stojko though came from 4th to win the gold after a flawless long program with a quadruple-triple combination.  Eldredge first singled, then later fell on his 2nd triple axel try, sealing his fate when combined with that he also didn't have a quadruple jump to begin with.

Paragraph 6: Bioenergetics is a field in biochemistry and cell biology that concerns energy flow through living systems. This is an active area of biological research that includes the study of the transformation of energy in living organisms and the study of thousands of different cellular processes such as cellular respiration and the many other metabolic and enzymatic processes that lead to production and utilization of energy in forms such as adenosine triphosphate (ATP) molecules. That is, the goal of bioenergetics is to describe how living organisms acquire and transform energy in order to perform biological work. The study of metabolic pathways is thus essential to bioenergetics.

Paragraph 7: The first recorded rulers were the Vogt ministeriales from Weida, Thuringia, who gave the entire Vogtland region its name. In 1281, they officially received the estates as an immediate fief at the hands of King Rudolph I of Germany. Emperor Louis IV elevated them to Princes of the Holy Roman Empire in 1329. Nevertheless, two years later, they sold Aš land to King John of Bohemia, who since 1322 also held the adjacent Egerland in the south. Together with neighbouring Selb and Elster, Aš was enfeoffed to the Freiherren of Neuberg (Podhradí). When in 1394 Konrad von Neuburg died without a male heir, by virtue of Hedwig von Neuburg's marriage to Konrad von Zedtwitz, Aš passed into the control of the noble House of Zedtwitz.

Paragraph 8: During his medical and teaching career, Bowen also got into Republican Party politics, serving as a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 1956 to 1958 and again from 1960 to 1972. He was speaker of the house from 1967 to 1972, vice chairman of the legislative council from 1967 to 1968, and chairman until 1972. After his first unsuccessful attempt in the Republican primary in 1968, he was elected Governor of Indiana in 1972 and was re-elected for a second term in 1976, making him the first Governor to serve for eight consecutive years in Indiana since 1851. His campaign slogan, featured in huge letters on billboards, was "Otis Bowen. He Hears You".  His tenure in Indiana's highest public office was marked by a major tax restructuring reducing reliance on property taxes, major improvements to state park facilities, development of a statewide emergency medical services system, and adoption of a medical malpractice law that was destined to become a national model. From 1978 to 1985, he also served on the board of trustees for Valparaiso University. Simultaneously, Bowen served as chairman of the Republican Governors Association, the Midwestern Governors Association, and the National Governors Association. In 1980, he served as President of the Council of State Governments.

Paragraph 9: During his medical and teaching career, Bowen also got into Republican Party politics, serving as a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 1956 to 1958 and again from 1960 to 1972. He was speaker of the house from 1967 to 1972, vice chairman of the legislative council from 1967 to 1968, and chairman until 1972. After his first unsuccessful attempt in the Republican primary in 1968, he was elected Governor of Indiana in 1972 and was re-elected for a second term in 1976, making him the first Governor to serve for eight consecutive years in Indiana since 1851. His campaign slogan, featured in huge letters on billboards, was "Otis Bowen. He Hears You".  His tenure in Indiana's highest public office was marked by a major tax restructuring reducing reliance on property taxes, major improvements to state park facilities, development of a statewide emergency medical services system, and adoption of a medical malpractice law that was destined to become a national model. From 1978 to 1985, he also served on the board of trustees for Valparaiso University. Simultaneously, Bowen served as chairman of the Republican Governors Association, the Midwestern Governors Association, and the National Governors Association. In 1980, he served as President of the Council of State Governments.

Paragraph 10: ERT announced that they would be selecting their artist for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 internally. The first artist approached by ERT with an official proposal was 2004 representative Sakis Rouvas, with the broadcaster stating on 15 June 2004 during a press conference that they would like to have him represent them again if he would accept the offer. However on 22 July 2004, he declined as he felt that another artist should receive the opportunity despite having considered the proposal. Another rumored artist was Anna Vissi, who stated in June 2004 that she "would go to Eurovision if she was asked to", however she later declined as she was in the United States promoting her song "Call Me" during the time of the contest. On 27 November 2004, Despina Vandi was reported to be representing Greece in the 2005 contest and was "ready to sign the necessary contracts", however it broke down due to conflicts with Vandi's record label Heaven Music over a term that required all of Vandi's songs to be written by popular Greek songwriter Phoebus. On 28 November 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Dafni Bokota stated that Vandi and ERT were close to a deal, but had concluded that she was too expensive to send to the contest. She also stated that Vandi was worried about participating in Eurovision while her international career was going well, saying "Here at ERT, we don't understand [why] Greek artists are so insecure to participate". A decision was to be announced within the next five to ten days, and that a possible backup would be Helena Paparizou. Around the same time, Greek-American singer and Fame Story participant Annet Artani was also rumored, however negotiations failed to materialize. On 8 December 2004, Bokota once again stated that there would be a delay in the artist announcement because of an "obstacle" within the broadcaster. On 15 January 2005, Star Channel reported that front runners Franz Ferdinand met with ERT but were soon excluded as they were requesting more money, and had "no idea how Eurovision works and thus they proposed to compose a remake of a past song of theirs".

Paragraph 11: Pierre sailed to Indochina as second-in-command to Pierre Segrétain in the (1er BEP, I Formation) of the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP) in 1948. During the evacuation of RC 4, route de sang , he and the battalion jumped over That Khe in a traditional Foreign Legion battlefield while facing an enemy 20 times superior in numbers. Jeanpierre, owing to his energy, his savoir-faire around the terrain and his qualities of a combatant chief, managed to repel waves of incessant hellish ambushes by inheriting over much of the leadership of the battalion after Segrétain was killed leading the battalion. In October 1950, tasked with taking Dong Khé during the disaster of Cao Bang, the mission was to save column "Charton" which was unfolding. Hardly short of audacity, he held the line until the last, divided the survivors into small groups and reled the charge of 23 legionnaires, 3 sous-officiers, 2 officers to That Khé where a French garrison should still hold standing. From the hundreds of legionnaires that constituted the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, I Formation), only 12 men remained almost capable still. Commandant Segrétain was killed during combat at arms and Lieutenant Faulque fell pierced with projectiles, none of which were mortal. Seriously wounded, he was made prisoner and liberated 4 years later; he would be part of the troop of the living-dead which the Viet Minh would give back to France. the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1e BEP, I Formation) with the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment were annihilated in Coxa. Following, Pierre rejoined the Legion in Mascara where he retook his passion, the instruction and forming of les jeunes legionnaires. The 1er BEP was recreated (1er BEP, II Formation); however, the last combats in Indochina would take place without his leadership. A Para legionnaire's legionnaire, Pierre returned to Indochina to command the (1er BEP, II Formation) of the reconstituted 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, II Formation) after its second annihilation at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. Reconstituted in a (1er BEP, III Formation) on 19 May 1954; Pierre took command of the 3rd reconstituted 1e BEP (III Formation) on 1 November 1954, the day on which the Algerian War commenced. The 1er BEP (III Formation) left Indochina on 8 February 1955. The 1er BEP totaled 5 citations at the orders of the armed forces and the fourragère of the colors of the Médaille militaire. The 1er BEP became the 1st Foreign Parachute Regiment (1er REP) in Algeria on 1 September 1955.

Paragraph 12: Carter's confidence was well-founded. In 1948, she was asked by Lionel Hampton to join his band. She finally had her big break. Working with Hampton's group gave her the chance to be bandmates with artists such as Charles Mingus and Wes Montgomery, as well as with Ernest Harold "Benny" Bailey, who had recently vacated Gillespie's band and Albert Thornton "Al" Grey who would later go on to join Gillespie's band. Hampton had an ear for talent and a love for bebop. Carter too had a deep love for bebop as well as a talent for it. Hampton's wife Gladys gave her the nickname "Betty Bebop", a nickname she reportedly detested. Despite her good ear and charming personality, Carter was fiercely independent and tended to attempt to resist Hampton's direction, while Hampton had a temper and was quick to anger. Hampton expected a lot from his players and did not want them to forget that he was the band's leader. She openly hated his swing style, refused to sing in a swinging way, and she was far too outspoken for his tastes. Carter honed her scat singing ability while on tour, which was not well received by Hampton as he did not enjoy her penchant for improvisation. Over the course of two and a half years, Hampton fired Carter a total of seven times.

Paragraph 13: At a press conference held on 5 June 2006, Jim Magilton was officially named as the new manager and former academy director Bryan Klug was appointed as first team coach. In Magilton's first season, the club reached a final placing of 14th place in the table. That year, Ipswich became the first carbon neutral football club in England following a collaboration between the fans and the club's main sponsor E.ON. In October 2007, Ipswich agreed to sell a £44m stake in the club to British businessman Marcus Evans who became the majority owner and shareholder. 2007–08 brought further progress for Magilton and his side, who finished eighth in the final table. Magilton's team failed to gain promotion or reach the play-offs in the 2008–09 season, and on 22 April 2009 Magilton was sacked. His successor, Roy Keane, was appointed as manager the following day. Sheepshanks stood down as chairman after 14 years on 20 May 2009.  Ipswich started the 2009–10 season winless in the league after 14 games and bottom of the Championship, their worst ever start to a league season.  Limited success throughout the year saw the club finish 15th in Keane's first full season at the club.  Keane's second season at the club started well but by the start of 2011, the club were 19th in the Championship, and he left the club on 7 January 2011.  First team coach Ian McParland stood in as caretaker manager for two matches, including a semi-final first leg win in the League Cup against Arsenal, before Paul Jewell took the role on permanently in mid-January 2011.  Ipswich finished 13th that season, and 15th the following, Jewell's first full season at the club. The longest-serving members of the Championship, Ipswich were bottom of the league by late October, and Jewell left the club by "mutual consent", leaving Chris Hutchings in a caretaker role. After a single match, Hutchings was replaced by Mick McCarthy on a full-time basis. McCarthy led Ipswich to finish in 14th position that season, and 9th in the following season.  Despite losing their final match of the 2014–15 season, Ipswich finished in sixth place and secured a play-off place where they played their local rivals Norwich City, losing 4–2 on aggregate.  The following season Ipswich finished just outside the playoff places, in seventh place.  The 2016–17 season saw Ipswich finish 16th, their lowest finish since the 1958–59 season.  On 29 March 2018, the club announced that Mick McCarthy's contract, which was due to expire at the end of the 2017–18 season, would not be extended.  McCarthy announced that he was quitting during the post-match press conference following a 1–0 victory over Barnsley on 10 April 2018.  He was replaced until the end of the season by Bryan Klug as a caretaker manager.

Paragraph 14: Carter's confidence was well-founded. In 1948, she was asked by Lionel Hampton to join his band. She finally had her big break. Working with Hampton's group gave her the chance to be bandmates with artists such as Charles Mingus and Wes Montgomery, as well as with Ernest Harold "Benny" Bailey, who had recently vacated Gillespie's band and Albert Thornton "Al" Grey who would later go on to join Gillespie's band. Hampton had an ear for talent and a love for bebop. Carter too had a deep love for bebop as well as a talent for it. Hampton's wife Gladys gave her the nickname "Betty Bebop", a nickname she reportedly detested. Despite her good ear and charming personality, Carter was fiercely independent and tended to attempt to resist Hampton's direction, while Hampton had a temper and was quick to anger. Hampton expected a lot from his players and did not want them to forget that he was the band's leader. She openly hated his swing style, refused to sing in a swinging way, and she was far too outspoken for his tastes. Carter honed her scat singing ability while on tour, which was not well received by Hampton as he did not enjoy her penchant for improvisation. Over the course of two and a half years, Hampton fired Carter a total of seven times.

Paragraph 15: Initially, the band set out to record their third album with producer William Orbit. In a February 2005 interview with The Irish Times, vocalist/bassist Jimi Goodwin said, "Jeff Barrett from our label, Heavenly, suggested we work with William and we were fine with that, we're always up for trying new stuff. But I think we expected too much from him. He was happy just to be in the studio with us because he hadn't worked with a band since Blur. His point was he was just recording what he was hearing. He wasn't doing anything that we wouldn't do ourselves normally and we put a lot of pressure on him almost to subvert us. He's a top guy, but it just didn't work." The band subsequently co-produced Some Cities with Ben Hillier, who also mixed the album (except for "Some Cities" and "Walk in Fire", which were mixed by Rich Costey). Much of the recording occurred at a farmhouse in the English countryside over the course of 2004, except for closing track "Ambition", which was recorded in an empty Benedictine monastery in Scotland, which the band had found while doing a photo shoot for the album. The huge reverb effect was achieved using the acoustics of the main hall. The recording process is shown in the mini-documentary Cities Under Construction, featured on the bonus DVD included with the special edition of the album.

Paragraph 16: Round 5 saw the Broncos have a 34–22 win over the Newcastle Knights at Energy Australia Stadium. Justin Hodges starred with a two try effort with Michael Ennis also scoring two tries, while always looking dangerous. Round 6 was a disappointing 26–24 loss for the Broncos to the red hot Gold Coast Titans. The Titans burst out of the blocks with a 16–0 lead after 20 mins. However the Broncos fought back strongly, with a missed goal from the sideline from Michael Ennis late in the second half the difference. In round 9, the Broncos lost their first match of the season while leading at halftime when they led 12–6 at halftime to lose 30–12 against the Manly Sea Eagles, it was also Broncos first loss for the season at Suncorp Stadium. In round 10, the Broncos lost their first back-to-back losses for the season when they lost to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks 13-6 at Toyota Park. The Broncos returned to the winners list with a very thrilling 30–26 win against the Parramatta Eels at Suncorp Stadium in round 12. Also Denan Kemp equalled the record for the most tries in a match for the Broncos with 4 tries against the Eels in round 12. Karmichael Hunt kicked his first ever field goal when he won the game for the Broncos 19-18 against the Wests Tigers in round 15. Also Nick Kenny scored his first ever try in first grade against the Tigers. The Broncos played out their first draw since round 25, 2004 and the first draw of the season with a hard fought 12–12 draw with the Penrith Panthers at CUA Stadium in round 16. In round 20, the Broncos won their first back to back wins since round 8 with a hard fort 18–12 win over the Cronulla Sharks at Suncorp Stadium. Joel Clinton has scored his first try for the Broncos in the Broncos 25–21 win over the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in round 24. In round 25, the Broncos secured another finals campaign with a 36–22 win over the Canterbury Bulldogs at Suncorp Stadium. The Broncos will compete in their 17th straight finals series. The Broncos took on the Sydney Roosters in the Qualifying Final and the Broncos turned an 8-point halftime deficit into an 8-point win coming from 16–8 down to win 24–16 at the SFS. The Broncos season came to an end when Greg Inglis crossed the line with 1 minute to play as the Broncos led the Melbourne Storm 14-12 in the semi-final at Suncorp Stadium. They lost 16–14.

Paragraph 17: Like the Southern Gothic of American writers such as William Faulkner, Flannery O'Connor and Eudora Welty, Southern Ontario Gothic analyzes and critiques social conditions such as race, gender, religion and politics, but in a Southern Ontario context. Southern Ontario Gothic is generally characterized by a stern realism set against the dour small-town Protestant morality stereotypical of the region, and often has underlying themes of moral hypocrisy. Actions and people that act against humanity, logic, and morality all are portrayed unfavourably, and one or more characters may be suffering from some form of mental illness. In a review of Alice Munro's Dear Life for Quill & Quire, literary critic James Grainger writes that "Violence, illness, and reputations ruined by a single indiscretion are accepted in Munro’s secretive, repressed communities as a kind of levelling mechanism, rough justice for those who dare to strive for something finer." The Gothic novel has traditionally examined the role of evil in the human soul, and has incorporated dark or horrific imagery to create the desired setting. Some (but not all) writers of Southern Ontario Gothic use supernatural or magic realist elements; a few deviate from realism entirely, in the manner of the fantastical gothic novel. Virtually all dwell to a certain extent upon the grotesque.

Paragraph 18: At a press conference held on 5 June 2006, Jim Magilton was officially named as the new manager and former academy director Bryan Klug was appointed as first team coach. In Magilton's first season, the club reached a final placing of 14th place in the table. That year, Ipswich became the first carbon neutral football club in England following a collaboration between the fans and the club's main sponsor E.ON. In October 2007, Ipswich agreed to sell a £44m stake in the club to British businessman Marcus Evans who became the majority owner and shareholder. 2007–08 brought further progress for Magilton and his side, who finished eighth in the final table. Magilton's team failed to gain promotion or reach the play-offs in the 2008–09 season, and on 22 April 2009 Magilton was sacked. His successor, Roy Keane, was appointed as manager the following day. Sheepshanks stood down as chairman after 14 years on 20 May 2009.  Ipswich started the 2009–10 season winless in the league after 14 games and bottom of the Championship, their worst ever start to a league season.  Limited success throughout the year saw the club finish 15th in Keane's first full season at the club.  Keane's second season at the club started well but by the start of 2011, the club were 19th in the Championship, and he left the club on 7 January 2011.  First team coach Ian McParland stood in as caretaker manager for two matches, including a semi-final first leg win in the League Cup against Arsenal, before Paul Jewell took the role on permanently in mid-January 2011.  Ipswich finished 13th that season, and 15th the following, Jewell's first full season at the club. The longest-serving members of the Championship, Ipswich were bottom of the league by late October, and Jewell left the club by "mutual consent", leaving Chris Hutchings in a caretaker role. After a single match, Hutchings was replaced by Mick McCarthy on a full-time basis. McCarthy led Ipswich to finish in 14th position that season, and 9th in the following season.  Despite losing their final match of the 2014–15 season, Ipswich finished in sixth place and secured a play-off place where they played their local rivals Norwich City, losing 4–2 on aggregate.  The following season Ipswich finished just outside the playoff places, in seventh place.  The 2016–17 season saw Ipswich finish 16th, their lowest finish since the 1958–59 season.  On 29 March 2018, the club announced that Mick McCarthy's contract, which was due to expire at the end of the 2017–18 season, would not be extended.  McCarthy announced that he was quitting during the post-match press conference following a 1–0 victory over Barnsley on 10 April 2018.  He was replaced until the end of the season by Bryan Klug as a caretaker manager.

Paragraph 19: Bioenergetics is a field in biochemistry and cell biology that concerns energy flow through living systems. This is an active area of biological research that includes the study of the transformation of energy in living organisms and the study of thousands of different cellular processes such as cellular respiration and the many other metabolic and enzymatic processes that lead to production and utilization of energy in forms such as adenosine triphosphate (ATP) molecules. That is, the goal of bioenergetics is to describe how living organisms acquire and transform energy in order to perform biological work. The study of metabolic pathways is thus essential to bioenergetics.

Paragraph 20: Pierre sailed to Indochina as second-in-command to Pierre Segrétain in the (1er BEP, I Formation) of the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP) in 1948. During the evacuation of RC 4, route de sang , he and the battalion jumped over That Khe in a traditional Foreign Legion battlefield while facing an enemy 20 times superior in numbers. Jeanpierre, owing to his energy, his savoir-faire around the terrain and his qualities of a combatant chief, managed to repel waves of incessant hellish ambushes by inheriting over much of the leadership of the battalion after Segrétain was killed leading the battalion. In October 1950, tasked with taking Dong Khé during the disaster of Cao Bang, the mission was to save column "Charton" which was unfolding. Hardly short of audacity, he held the line until the last, divided the survivors into small groups and reled the charge of 23 legionnaires, 3 sous-officiers, 2 officers to That Khé where a French garrison should still hold standing. From the hundreds of legionnaires that constituted the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, I Formation), only 12 men remained almost capable still. Commandant Segrétain was killed during combat at arms and Lieutenant Faulque fell pierced with projectiles, none of which were mortal. Seriously wounded, he was made prisoner and liberated 4 years later; he would be part of the troop of the living-dead which the Viet Minh would give back to France. the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1e BEP, I Formation) with the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment were annihilated in Coxa. Following, Pierre rejoined the Legion in Mascara where he retook his passion, the instruction and forming of les jeunes legionnaires. The 1er BEP was recreated (1er BEP, II Formation); however, the last combats in Indochina would take place without his leadership. A Para legionnaire's legionnaire, Pierre returned to Indochina to command the (1er BEP, II Formation) of the reconstituted 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, II Formation) after its second annihilation at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. Reconstituted in a (1er BEP, III Formation) on 19 May 1954; Pierre took command of the 3rd reconstituted 1e BEP (III Formation) on 1 November 1954, the day on which the Algerian War commenced. The 1er BEP (III Formation) left Indochina on 8 February 1955. The 1er BEP totaled 5 citations at the orders of the armed forces and the fourragère of the colors of the Médaille militaire. The 1er BEP became the 1st Foreign Parachute Regiment (1er REP) in Algeria on 1 September 1955.

Paragraph 21: Initially, the band set out to record their third album with producer William Orbit. In a February 2005 interview with The Irish Times, vocalist/bassist Jimi Goodwin said, "Jeff Barrett from our label, Heavenly, suggested we work with William and we were fine with that, we're always up for trying new stuff. But I think we expected too much from him. He was happy just to be in the studio with us because he hadn't worked with a band since Blur. His point was he was just recording what he was hearing. He wasn't doing anything that we wouldn't do ourselves normally and we put a lot of pressure on him almost to subvert us. He's a top guy, but it just didn't work." The band subsequently co-produced Some Cities with Ben Hillier, who also mixed the album (except for "Some Cities" and "Walk in Fire", which were mixed by Rich Costey). Much of the recording occurred at a farmhouse in the English countryside over the course of 2004, except for closing track "Ambition", which was recorded in an empty Benedictine monastery in Scotland, which the band had found while doing a photo shoot for the album. The huge reverb effect was achieved using the acoustics of the main hall. The recording process is shown in the mini-documentary Cities Under Construction, featured on the bonus DVD included with the special edition of the album.

Paragraph 22: Like the Southern Gothic of American writers such as William Faulkner, Flannery O'Connor and Eudora Welty, Southern Ontario Gothic analyzes and critiques social conditions such as race, gender, religion and politics, but in a Southern Ontario context. Southern Ontario Gothic is generally characterized by a stern realism set against the dour small-town Protestant morality stereotypical of the region, and often has underlying themes of moral hypocrisy. Actions and people that act against humanity, logic, and morality all are portrayed unfavourably, and one or more characters may be suffering from some form of mental illness. In a review of Alice Munro's Dear Life for Quill & Quire, literary critic James Grainger writes that "Violence, illness, and reputations ruined by a single indiscretion are accepted in Munro’s secretive, repressed communities as a kind of levelling mechanism, rough justice for those who dare to strive for something finer." The Gothic novel has traditionally examined the role of evil in the human soul, and has incorporated dark or horrific imagery to create the desired setting. Some (but not all) writers of Southern Ontario Gothic use supernatural or magic realist elements; a few deviate from realism entirely, in the manner of the fantastical gothic novel. Virtually all dwell to a certain extent upon the grotesque.

Paragraph 23: The first recorded rulers were the Vogt ministeriales from Weida, Thuringia, who gave the entire Vogtland region its name. In 1281, they officially received the estates as an immediate fief at the hands of King Rudolph I of Germany. Emperor Louis IV elevated them to Princes of the Holy Roman Empire in 1329. Nevertheless, two years later, they sold Aš land to King John of Bohemia, who since 1322 also held the adjacent Egerland in the south. Together with neighbouring Selb and Elster, Aš was enfeoffed to the Freiherren of Neuberg (Podhradí). When in 1394 Konrad von Neuburg died without a male heir, by virtue of Hedwig von Neuburg's marriage to Konrad von Zedtwitz, Aš passed into the control of the noble House of Zedtwitz.

Paragraph 24: Carter's confidence was well-founded. In 1948, she was asked by Lionel Hampton to join his band. She finally had her big break. Working with Hampton's group gave her the chance to be bandmates with artists such as Charles Mingus and Wes Montgomery, as well as with Ernest Harold "Benny" Bailey, who had recently vacated Gillespie's band and Albert Thornton "Al" Grey who would later go on to join Gillespie's band. Hampton had an ear for talent and a love for bebop. Carter too had a deep love for bebop as well as a talent for it. Hampton's wife Gladys gave her the nickname "Betty Bebop", a nickname she reportedly detested. Despite her good ear and charming personality, Carter was fiercely independent and tended to attempt to resist Hampton's direction, while Hampton had a temper and was quick to anger. Hampton expected a lot from his players and did not want them to forget that he was the band's leader. She openly hated his swing style, refused to sing in a swinging way, and she was far too outspoken for his tastes. Carter honed her scat singing ability while on tour, which was not well received by Hampton as he did not enjoy her penchant for improvisation. Over the course of two and a half years, Hampton fired Carter a total of seven times.

Paragraph 25: Pierre sailed to Indochina as second-in-command to Pierre Segrétain in the (1er BEP, I Formation) of the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP) in 1948. During the evacuation of RC 4, route de sang , he and the battalion jumped over That Khe in a traditional Foreign Legion battlefield while facing an enemy 20 times superior in numbers. Jeanpierre, owing to his energy, his savoir-faire around the terrain and his qualities of a combatant chief, managed to repel waves of incessant hellish ambushes by inheriting over much of the leadership of the battalion after Segrétain was killed leading the battalion. In October 1950, tasked with taking Dong Khé during the disaster of Cao Bang, the mission was to save column "Charton" which was unfolding. Hardly short of audacity, he held the line until the last, divided the survivors into small groups and reled the charge of 23 legionnaires, 3 sous-officiers, 2 officers to That Khé where a French garrison should still hold standing. From the hundreds of legionnaires that constituted the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, I Formation), only 12 men remained almost capable still. Commandant Segrétain was killed during combat at arms and Lieutenant Faulque fell pierced with projectiles, none of which were mortal. Seriously wounded, he was made prisoner and liberated 4 years later; he would be part of the troop of the living-dead which the Viet Minh would give back to France. the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1e BEP, I Formation) with the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment were annihilated in Coxa. Following, Pierre rejoined the Legion in Mascara where he retook his passion, the instruction and forming of les jeunes legionnaires. The 1er BEP was recreated (1er BEP, II Formation); however, the last combats in Indochina would take place without his leadership. A Para legionnaire's legionnaire, Pierre returned to Indochina to command the (1er BEP, II Formation) of the reconstituted 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, II Formation) after its second annihilation at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. Reconstituted in a (1er BEP, III Formation) on 19 May 1954; Pierre took command of the 3rd reconstituted 1e BEP (III Formation) on 1 November 1954, the day on which the Algerian War commenced. The 1er BEP (III Formation) left Indochina on 8 February 1955. The 1er BEP totaled 5 citations at the orders of the armed forces and the fourragère of the colors of the Médaille militaire. The 1er BEP became the 1st Foreign Parachute Regiment (1er REP) in Algeria on 1 September 1955.

Paragraph 26: In the episode "Returning Point", as the scientists begin their rebellion after learning the truth from Leo, Jadis has the facility locked down in order to "learn how far the rot has spread," resulting in the Bennett's, Percy, Felix, the scientists, their bodyguards and a captured Mason Beale getting locked in the bio-containment unit. However, the facility's own lockdown protocols prevent Jadis and her men from reaching them for a few hours until the system can be rebooted. Brody, one of the council of the nearby artist community known as the Perimeter, betrays his people and reveals their alliance with the Endlings to Jadis, causing her to send men to kill everyone in the Perimeter. However, Huck kills Brody after he tries to blackmail her into securing him a permanent home in the Civic Republic. The Perimeter's leader Indira tries to talk Jadis down and although Jadis respects Indira for her art, referencing her past as the leader of the Scavengers, Jadis believes that Indira and her people cannot survive for long in this world and that their destruction by a larger group is as inevitable as the destruction of the Scavengers was. Jadis orders her men to carry out the execution, but the intervention of Will Campbell, Dennis Graham and Silas Plaskett leads to the deaths of all of her men with only a few losses on the other side. At the same time, the scientists escape into the old mining tunnels below the facility, setting C4 charges to cover their escape. Jadis reports to Huck that the scientists have wiped all of their research from the facility's mainframe and are trying to take it with them in a full rebellion. Concerned that such a betrayal could lead to the end of everything that they have built, Jadis orders her men into the tunnels where they are to kill everyone as an example to those who come after them. In the episode "Death and the Dead", when the scientists escape the area, they are cornered by Jadis and several soldiers. Jadis attempts to convince Iris to stop the rebellion, but she refuses, saying the CRM are evil, citing the genocide of Omaha and the Campus Colony as an example. Jadis defends the destruction of Omaha and the Campus Colony, saying they and Portland have become too reliant on the Civic Republic and will eventually fall to famine and disease, so the CRM destroyed Omaha and the Campus Colony as well as planning on destroying Portland as a form of euthanasia to spare the residents the famine and disease that will eventually befall Omaha, the Campus Colony and Portland. In "The Last Light", when Iris still refuses to surrender, Jadis orders the soldiers to open fire on the Iris and the scientists. Huck then turns on Jadis, shooting several of the soldiers and buying Iris and the scientists time to escape. Fleeing back into the research facility, Jadis and Huck fight, which Jadis wins by stabbing Huck in the stomach with a knife. However, Huck revealed that she has rigged the research facility with explosives timed to explode soon. Jadis quickly flees the scene in a helicopter as the facility explodes, destroying the final sources of chlorine gas.

Paragraph 27: On the 8th of November the regiment moved by rail to Washington, and upon its arrival went into camp at Kendall Green, where it was armed with Harper's Ferry muskets. Colonel Cake promptly reported to General Casey, and was at once placed in command of the First Provisional Brigade, of which the Ninety-sixth formed part. The regiment was here thoroughly drilled in the manual, company, and battalion exercises. On the 25th it crossed the Potomac, and encamped on the Leesburg Pike, a short distance beyond Fort Ellsworth. It was assigned to Slocum's Brigade of Franklin's Division, and on the 27th of December went into permanent winter-quarters on the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad, near its crossing of Four Mile Run. It remained engaged in drill and occasional picket duty until the 10th of March 1862, when it joined in the abortive movement upon Manassas, but soon returned to camp. On the 4th of April, with McDowell's Corps, it took up the line of march for Fredericksburg. On reaching Catlett's Station it went into camp, and remained until the 12th, when Franklin's Division returned to Alexandria, and embarked for the Peninsula. McClellan was now engaged in the siege of Yorktown, and on the 23rd, the division having arrived, a part of it debarked n the vicinity of Cheeseman's Creek. The enemy having evacuated Yorktown on the 4th of May, the troops on shore again embarked, and proceeding up the York River, on the 6th, in company with the divisions of Sedgwick, Porter, and Richardson, arrived at four P.M. at Brick House Point, below West Point, where the Twenty-seventh New York, and companies A, B, C and D, of the Ninety-sixth debarked, and forming in line of battle, with skirmishers thrown out, advanced for the protection of the pioneers engaged in slashing timber and obstructing the roads. "At nine o'clock on the following morning the order was given for the Sixteenth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second New York, and the Ninety-fifth and Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania regiments to advance into the woods and drive off some of the rebel scouts who were firing occasional shots at our pickets, supposed to be supported by a force concealed in the woods. This proved correct; for no sooner had our men made an advance into the woods than they were received with a volley of musketry from the rebels who were hidden in the dense undergrowth. Our men pressed on and gave them a volley, after which the enemy retreated further into the woods, with the Thirty-second New York close at their heels; but they were too swift footed for our boys-being more protected-and they soon left the Thirty-second struggling in the mud." The Ninety-sixth was now held upon the extreme left of the line, nearest to Brick House Point, to prevent a flank movement of the enemy in that direction, while the fighting on the right center, where his forces were concealed in a dense swamp, was animated, the Thirty-first and Thirty-second New York, and the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania sustaining considerable loss.

Paragraph 28: Pierre sailed to Indochina as second-in-command to Pierre Segrétain in the (1er BEP, I Formation) of the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP) in 1948. During the evacuation of RC 4, route de sang , he and the battalion jumped over That Khe in a traditional Foreign Legion battlefield while facing an enemy 20 times superior in numbers. Jeanpierre, owing to his energy, his savoir-faire around the terrain and his qualities of a combatant chief, managed to repel waves of incessant hellish ambushes by inheriting over much of the leadership of the battalion after Segrétain was killed leading the battalion. In October 1950, tasked with taking Dong Khé during the disaster of Cao Bang, the mission was to save column "Charton" which was unfolding. Hardly short of audacity, he held the line until the last, divided the survivors into small groups and reled the charge of 23 legionnaires, 3 sous-officiers, 2 officers to That Khé where a French garrison should still hold standing. From the hundreds of legionnaires that constituted the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, I Formation), only 12 men remained almost capable still. Commandant Segrétain was killed during combat at arms and Lieutenant Faulque fell pierced with projectiles, none of which were mortal. Seriously wounded, he was made prisoner and liberated 4 years later; he would be part of the troop of the living-dead which the Viet Minh would give back to France. the 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1e BEP, I Formation) with the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment were annihilated in Coxa. Following, Pierre rejoined the Legion in Mascara where he retook his passion, the instruction and forming of les jeunes legionnaires. The 1er BEP was recreated (1er BEP, II Formation); however, the last combats in Indochina would take place without his leadership. A Para legionnaire's legionnaire, Pierre returned to Indochina to command the (1er BEP, II Formation) of the reconstituted 1st Foreign Parachute Battalion (1er BEP, II Formation) after its second annihilation at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. Reconstituted in a (1er BEP, III Formation) on 19 May 1954; Pierre took command of the 3rd reconstituted 1e BEP (III Formation) on 1 November 1954, the day on which the Algerian War commenced. The 1er BEP (III Formation) left Indochina on 8 February 1955. The 1er BEP totaled 5 citations at the orders of the armed forces and the fourragère of the colors of the Médaille militaire. The 1er BEP became the 1st Foreign Parachute Regiment (1er REP) in Algeria on 1 September 1955.

Paragraph 29: In the 1996-1997 season Eldredge started off on fire, easily beating Alexei Urmanov (who also skated cleanly) to win Skate America.  He controversially lost the Grand Prix final to Elvis Stojko who landed the first ever quadruple-triple combination, but had other errors, including a fall on his 2nd triple axel.  Eldredge skated a clean and more complete program, but suffered from the home country scoring of the event in Canada.   He regained his U.S title easily, in the absence of defending Champion Rudy Galindo, who was now professional.  At the World Championships Eldredge skated a spectacular short program, but due to the very early draw he finished 2nd to Alexei Urmanov who skated near the very end.  The top 6 were all clean with triple axel-triple toe combinations.  Elvis Stojko though came from 4th to win the gold after a flawless long program with a quadruple-triple combination.  Eldredge first singled, then later fell on his 2nd triple axel try, sealing his fate when combined with that he also didn't have a quadruple jump to begin with.

Paragraph 30: ERT announced that they would be selecting their artist for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 internally. The first artist approached by ERT with an official proposal was 2004 representative Sakis Rouvas, with the broadcaster stating on 15 June 2004 during a press conference that they would like to have him represent them again if he would accept the offer. However on 22 July 2004, he declined as he felt that another artist should receive the opportunity despite having considered the proposal. Another rumored artist was Anna Vissi, who stated in June 2004 that she "would go to Eurovision if she was asked to", however she later declined as she was in the United States promoting her song "Call Me" during the time of the contest. On 27 November 2004, Despina Vandi was reported to be representing Greece in the 2005 contest and was "ready to sign the necessary contracts", however it broke down due to conflicts with Vandi's record label Heaven Music over a term that required all of Vandi's songs to be written by popular Greek songwriter Phoebus. On 28 November 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Dafni Bokota stated that Vandi and ERT were close to a deal, but had concluded that she was too expensive to send to the contest. She also stated that Vandi was worried about participating in Eurovision while her international career was going well, saying "Here at ERT, we don't understand [why] Greek artists are so insecure to participate". A decision was to be announced within the next five to ten days, and that a possible backup would be Helena Paparizou. Around the same time, Greek-American singer and Fame Story participant Annet Artani was also rumored, however negotiations failed to materialize. On 8 December 2004, Bokota once again stated that there would be a delay in the artist announcement because of an "obstacle" within the broadcaster. On 15 January 2005, Star Channel reported that front runners Franz Ferdinand met with ERT but were soon excluded as they were requesting more money, and had "no idea how Eurovision works and thus they proposed to compose a remake of a past song of theirs".

Paragraph 31: Volpi has stated that "The novels I like to read and the ones I try to write are those that consider fiction as a vehicle of knowledge." He believes that "a novel is a form of exploring the world." His novels show great effort to research an area of knowledge to incorporate this into the story, with the main characters often also involved in the discovery of knowledge. In A pesar del oscuro silencio, the main character is researching the tragic life of Jorge Cuesta, a Mexican vanguard poet and essayist of the 1920s and 1930s. Similarly, the protagonist in Tribuna del escandolo also engages in biographical research, but in this case to solve a double murder. In El temperamento melancolico, Volpi psychologically analyzes the idea of human temperament, exploring group dynamics and the effects of individual actions. The story here is of a German film director making his last film in Mexico, with Volpi focuses on the ten Mexican actors and their roles in the film. In La tejedora de sombras, the subject matter is the psychoanalysis of Carl Jung. Memorial del engaño is about the financial crisis of 2008 and the revelation that much of the world economic order was due to communist spies. Volpi's best known work, En busca de Klingsor, is the first of a trilogy that not only traces the development of scientific knowledge of the latter 20th century, but also aligns it to the political and social thought of the same era. He begins in the first book with relatively theory and quantum mechanics questioning much of how we see existence, (developed inside the search for Hitler's chief scientific advisor just after World War II), It is followed by El fin de la locura set from the May 1968 demonstrations in Paris to the Fall of the Berlin Wall. No será la Tierra is about the end of communist ideal in the 20th century.

Paragraph 32: Bioenergetics is a field in biochemistry and cell biology that concerns energy flow through living systems. This is an active area of biological research that includes the study of the transformation of energy in living organisms and the study of thousands of different cellular processes such as cellular respiration and the many other metabolic and enzymatic processes that lead to production and utilization of energy in forms such as adenosine triphosphate (ATP) molecules. That is, the goal of bioenergetics is to describe how living organisms acquire and transform energy in order to perform biological work. The study of metabolic pathways is thus essential to bioenergetics.

Paragraph 33: The Dodgers returned home to begin a 10-game homestand, starting with a four-game weekend series against the Miami Marlins.  They defeated the Marlins in the first game 7–2. Yasiel Puig hit a two-run home run in the second inning, Ryu pitched well enough to get the win and Kenley Jansen pitched an immaculate inning in the ninth. Alex Wood pitched another  scoreless innings, extending his streak to  innings and the Dodgers hit three home runs (Taylor, Brett Eibner and Bellinger) to beat the Marlins 7–2 for the second straight day. Julio Urías struggled in the next game, allowing seven runs in only  innings. Seager and Bellinger hit back-to-back home runs in the seventh but it wasn't enough as the Dodgers lost 10–6. Bellinger became the fastest player in Dodgers history to hit nine home runs. In the series finale, Adrián González was 3 for 4 with three RBI and Joc Pederson homered as the Dodgers won 6–3 to take the series. After an off-day, the Dodgers continued their homestand with a three-game series with the St. Louis Cardinals. In the opener, Kershaw allowed only one run on three hits while striking out 10 in nine innings but was matched by Lance Lynn of the Cardinals who allowed one run on two hits with 10 strikeouts in eight innings. The Dodgers eventually won 2–1 on a walk-off double by Logan Forsythe, who came off the disabled list before the game, in the 13th inning. The following day, Mike Leake allowed only four hits in eight innings while Rich Hill struggled, walking seven, a career high, and allowing five runs in only four innings, as the Cardinals won 6–1 to even the series.  In the series finale, the Dodgers came back from a 3–0 deficit to take the series with a 7–3 win. Kenta Maeda's two run RBI single in the fourth put the Dodgers ahead for good and Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched four scoreless innings out of the bullpen to earn his first major league save. The Dodgers would conclude their 10-game homestead with a 3-day weekend series with the Chicago Cubs.  Wood continued his streak of scoreless innings, allowing only two hits while striking out eight in the opener of a weekend series against the Chicago Cubs. Chase Utley and Adrián González homered in the Dodgers 4–0 shutout win.  The Dodgers won the next game as well. McCarthy and Stripling combined to shut down the Cubs, with Stripling getting his first career save with three innings of relief. Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit his sixth home run of the season in the 5–0 victory. The Dodgers wrapped up their long homestand with a 9–4 win and a series sweep of the Cubs for the first time since the 2012 season. Kershaw struggled, giving up four runs, and failed to make it out of the fifth inning, but Bellinger hit his 10th home run of the season, the fastest Dodger to reach that mark in franchise history, and Kike Hernández, Austin Barnes and Puig also homered in the game.

Paragraph 34: ERT announced that they would be selecting their artist for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 internally. The first artist approached by ERT with an official proposal was 2004 representative Sakis Rouvas, with the broadcaster stating on 15 June 2004 during a press conference that they would like to have him represent them again if he would accept the offer. However on 22 July 2004, he declined as he felt that another artist should receive the opportunity despite having considered the proposal. Another rumored artist was Anna Vissi, who stated in June 2004 that she "would go to Eurovision if she was asked to", however she later declined as she was in the United States promoting her song "Call Me" during the time of the contest. On 27 November 2004, Despina Vandi was reported to be representing Greece in the 2005 contest and was "ready to sign the necessary contracts", however it broke down due to conflicts with Vandi's record label Heaven Music over a term that required all of Vandi's songs to be written by popular Greek songwriter Phoebus. On 28 November 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Dafni Bokota stated that Vandi and ERT were close to a deal, but had concluded that she was too expensive to send to the contest. She also stated that Vandi was worried about participating in Eurovision while her international career was going well, saying "Here at ERT, we don't understand [why] Greek artists are so insecure to participate". A decision was to be announced within the next five to ten days, and that a possible backup would be Helena Paparizou. Around the same time, Greek-American singer and Fame Story participant Annet Artani was also rumored, however negotiations failed to materialize. On 8 December 2004, Bokota once again stated that there would be a delay in the artist announcement because of an "obstacle" within the broadcaster. On 15 January 2005, Star Channel reported that front runners Franz Ferdinand met with ERT but were soon excluded as they were requesting more money, and had "no idea how Eurovision works and thus they proposed to compose a remake of a past song of theirs".

Paragraph 35: At a press conference held on 5 June 2006, Jim Magilton was officially named as the new manager and former academy director Bryan Klug was appointed as first team coach. In Magilton's first season, the club reached a final placing of 14th place in the table. That year, Ipswich became the first carbon neutral football club in England following a collaboration between the fans and the club's main sponsor E.ON. In October 2007, Ipswich agreed to sell a £44m stake in the club to British businessman Marcus Evans who became the majority owner and shareholder. 2007–08 brought further progress for Magilton and his side, who finished eighth in the final table. Magilton's team failed to gain promotion or reach the play-offs in the 2008–09 season, and on 22 April 2009 Magilton was sacked. His successor, Roy Keane, was appointed as manager the following day. Sheepshanks stood down as chairman after 14 years on 20 May 2009.  Ipswich started the 2009–10 season winless in the league after 14 games and bottom of the Championship, their worst ever start to a league season.  Limited success throughout the year saw the club finish 15th in Keane's first full season at the club.  Keane's second season at the club started well but by the start of 2011, the club were 19th in the Championship, and he left the club on 7 January 2011.  First team coach Ian McParland stood in as caretaker manager for two matches, including a semi-final first leg win in the League Cup against Arsenal, before Paul Jewell took the role on permanently in mid-January 2011.  Ipswich finished 13th that season, and 15th the following, Jewell's first full season at the club. The longest-serving members of the Championship, Ipswich were bottom of the league by late October, and Jewell left the club by "mutual consent", leaving Chris Hutchings in a caretaker role. After a single match, Hutchings was replaced by Mick McCarthy on a full-time basis. McCarthy led Ipswich to finish in 14th position that season, and 9th in the following season.  Despite losing their final match of the 2014–15 season, Ipswich finished in sixth place and secured a play-off place where they played their local rivals Norwich City, losing 4–2 on aggregate.  The following season Ipswich finished just outside the playoff places, in seventh place.  The 2016–17 season saw Ipswich finish 16th, their lowest finish since the 1958–59 season.  On 29 March 2018, the club announced that Mick McCarthy's contract, which was due to expire at the end of the 2017–18 season, would not be extended.  McCarthy announced that he was quitting during the post-match press conference following a 1–0 victory over Barnsley on 10 April 2018.  He was replaced until the end of the season by Bryan Klug as a caretaker manager.

Paragraph 36: Initially, the band set out to record their third album with producer William Orbit. In a February 2005 interview with The Irish Times, vocalist/bassist Jimi Goodwin said, "Jeff Barrett from our label, Heavenly, suggested we work with William and we were fine with that, we're always up for trying new stuff. But I think we expected too much from him. He was happy just to be in the studio with us because he hadn't worked with a band since Blur. His point was he was just recording what he was hearing. He wasn't doing anything that we wouldn't do ourselves normally and we put a lot of pressure on him almost to subvert us. He's a top guy, but it just didn't work." The band subsequently co-produced Some Cities with Ben Hillier, who also mixed the album (except for "Some Cities" and "Walk in Fire", which were mixed by Rich Costey). Much of the recording occurred at a farmhouse in the English countryside over the course of 2004, except for closing track "Ambition", which was recorded in an empty Benedictine monastery in Scotland, which the band had found while doing a photo shoot for the album. The huge reverb effect was achieved using the acoustics of the main hall. The recording process is shown in the mini-documentary Cities Under Construction, featured on the bonus DVD included with the special edition of the album.

Paragraph 37: Springsteen decided to use Ticketmaster's Verified Fan service for a majority of his North America tour dates to try and eliminate scalpers and bots on the secondary market from buying up tickets and selling them at much higher prices, a problem many of his previous tours have faced. Fans would need to be verified and sent a code, which they would receive in a text message the night before the on-sale date, for the show or shows they planned to attend. Not all fans were guaranteed to receive a code, however; some were placed on a waitlist. Tickets would go on sale at 10 am and once the Verified Fan window for ticket sales ended, which was normally at 3 pm, the remaining tickets would be released to the general public. The first tickets for the U.S. dates went on sale on July 20, 2022, and fans were instantly met with very high ticket prices, such as $4,000–5,000 for mid-range floor seats, and into the four figures for other, less desirable tickets. This was called Ticketmaster's "dynamic pricing" program, in which "platinum tickets", which may be placed anywhere in the arena, from the front section to the back rows, fluctuate in price, in what is said to be ongoing reaction to demand. Some fans were able to buy tickets at face value as they went on sale; however, within minutes of tickets going on sale, the dynamic pricing kicked in and the tickets changed to the platinum tickets or were only available through the secondary market via Ticketmaster's resale program at much higher prices. Complaints from outraged fans flooded social media and Springsteen-related message boards demanding that Springsteen and his management release a statement in response to this. Guitarist Steven Van Zandt has been the only member of the E Street Band to respond to the situation when he was asked about it on Twitter. He said, “I have nothing whatsoever to do with the price of tickets. Nothing. Nada. Niente. Bubkis. Dick”. New Jersey congressman Bill Pascrell Jr., who has been a staunch ticket-industry critic, called out Ticketmaster for instituting a "market-based" pricing system that allows ticket costs to rise and fall based on demand. "When Yogi Berra said it's 'déjà vu all over again,' he could have easily been talking about Ticketmaster and another unwelcome surprise for Springsteen fans. After the long hiatus, we are all excited that Bruce is going back in tour. But Americans have the right to enjoy some live entertainment without getting ripped off. Ticketmaster sees popular events as an opportunity to soak regular Americans", the lawmaker said in a statement. 

Paragraph 38: In 2009, the Vikings recruited veteran quarterback Brett Favre out of retirement to be their new starting quarterback. In Week 13 of the 2010 season, Favre suffered a chest injury that ended his NFL-record streak of consecutive starts at 297 (321 including postseason games), and Tarvaris Jackson reclaimed the starting spot for Week 14. However, Jackson was injured himself in Week 15, giving rookie Joe Webb a chance to stake a claim for the position. He was unable to hold onto the position as Donovan McNabb was signed as a free agent to replace Favre, who retired at the end of the 2010 season. After going 1–5 through the first six games of 2011, though, McNabb was replaced by first-round draft pick Christian Ponder, who retained the starting position for the remainder of the season and for the whole of 2012. However, he was plagued by indifferent form and the Vikings signed Matt Cassel – recently released by the Kansas City Chiefs. When Ponder suffered an injury early in the 2013 season, Cassel was given his first start for the Vikings in week 4 in the NFL International Series game against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Wembley Stadium, London. He started the following game, but was replaced in week 7 by Josh Freeman, recently signed after his release by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. However, he was injured during the game and did not make another start for the Vikings, allowing Ponder to reclaim the starting role. Cassel then returned as the starter in week 14, and retained the role for the rest of the season and into 2014. After three games, he was placed on injured reserve and first-round draft pick Teddy Bridgewater took over for the week 4 game against the Atlanta Falcons. Bridgewater himself was injured late in the game, allowing Ponder the chance to come back in for the following week, but the rookie soon returned and has held the starting berth until suffering a knee injury in practice during the 2016 preseason. Shaun Hill started the season opener and Sam Bradford took over in week 2. Ahead of the 2018 season, the Vikings signed free agent quarterback Kirk Cousins from the Washington Redskins on a three-year, fully guaranteed $84 million contract. He started 31 consecutive regular season games to start his Vikings career before sitting out the final game of 2019 with the team's playoff berth already secured; Sean Mannion started in his place.

Paragraph 39: At a press conference held on 5 June 2006, Jim Magilton was officially named as the new manager and former academy director Bryan Klug was appointed as first team coach. In Magilton's first season, the club reached a final placing of 14th place in the table. That year, Ipswich became the first carbon neutral football club in England following a collaboration between the fans and the club's main sponsor E.ON. In October 2007, Ipswich agreed to sell a £44m stake in the club to British businessman Marcus Evans who became the majority owner and shareholder. 2007–08 brought further progress for Magilton and his side, who finished eighth in the final table. Magilton's team failed to gain promotion or reach the play-offs in the 2008–09 season, and on 22 April 2009 Magilton was sacked. His successor, Roy Keane, was appointed as manager the following day. Sheepshanks stood down as chairman after 14 years on 20 May 2009.  Ipswich started the 2009–10 season winless in the league after 14 games and bottom of the Championship, their worst ever start to a league season.  Limited success throughout the year saw the club finish 15th in Keane's first full season at the club.  Keane's second season at the club started well but by the start of 2011, the club were 19th in the Championship, and he left the club on 7 January 2011.  First team coach Ian McParland stood in as caretaker manager for two matches, including a semi-final first leg win in the League Cup against Arsenal, before Paul Jewell took the role on permanently in mid-January 2011.  Ipswich finished 13th that season, and 15th the following, Jewell's first full season at the club. The longest-serving members of the Championship, Ipswich were bottom of the league by late October, and Jewell left the club by "mutual consent", leaving Chris Hutchings in a caretaker role. After a single match, Hutchings was replaced by Mick McCarthy on a full-time basis. McCarthy led Ipswich to finish in 14th position that season, and 9th in the following season.  Despite losing their final match of the 2014–15 season, Ipswich finished in sixth place and secured a play-off place where they played their local rivals Norwich City, losing 4–2 on aggregate.  The following season Ipswich finished just outside the playoff places, in seventh place.  The 2016–17 season saw Ipswich finish 16th, their lowest finish since the 1958–59 season.  On 29 March 2018, the club announced that Mick McCarthy's contract, which was due to expire at the end of the 2017–18 season, would not be extended.  McCarthy announced that he was quitting during the post-match press conference following a 1–0 victory over Barnsley on 10 April 2018.  He was replaced until the end of the season by Bryan Klug as a caretaker manager.

Paragraph 40: In 2009, the Vikings recruited veteran quarterback Brett Favre out of retirement to be their new starting quarterback. In Week 13 of the 2010 season, Favre suffered a chest injury that ended his NFL-record streak of consecutive starts at 297 (321 including postseason games), and Tarvaris Jackson reclaimed the starting spot for Week 14. However, Jackson was injured himself in Week 15, giving rookie Joe Webb a chance to stake a claim for the position. He was unable to hold onto the position as Donovan McNabb was signed as a free agent to replace Favre, who retired at the end of the 2010 season. After going 1–5 through the first six games of 2011, though, McNabb was replaced by first-round draft pick Christian Ponder, who retained the starting position for the remainder of the season and for the whole of 2012. However, he was plagued by indifferent form and the Vikings signed Matt Cassel – recently released by the Kansas City Chiefs. When Ponder suffered an injury early in the 2013 season, Cassel was given his first start for the Vikings in week 4 in the NFL International Series game against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Wembley Stadium, London. He started the following game, but was replaced in week 7 by Josh Freeman, recently signed after his release by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. However, he was injured during the game and did not make another start for the Vikings, allowing Ponder to reclaim the starting role. Cassel then returned as the starter in week 14, and retained the role for the rest of the season and into 2014. After three games, he was placed on injured reserve and first-round draft pick Teddy Bridgewater took over for the week 4 game against the Atlanta Falcons. Bridgewater himself was injured late in the game, allowing Ponder the chance to come back in for the following week, but the rookie soon returned and has held the starting berth until suffering a knee injury in practice during the 2016 preseason. Shaun Hill started the season opener and Sam Bradford took over in week 2. Ahead of the 2018 season, the Vikings signed free agent quarterback Kirk Cousins from the Washington Redskins on a three-year, fully guaranteed $84 million contract. He started 31 consecutive regular season games to start his Vikings career before sitting out the final game of 2019 with the team's playoff berth already secured; Sean Mannion started in his place.

Paragraph 41: Round 5 saw the Broncos have a 34–22 win over the Newcastle Knights at Energy Australia Stadium. Justin Hodges starred with a two try effort with Michael Ennis also scoring two tries, while always looking dangerous. Round 6 was a disappointing 26–24 loss for the Broncos to the red hot Gold Coast Titans. The Titans burst out of the blocks with a 16–0 lead after 20 mins. However the Broncos fought back strongly, with a missed goal from the sideline from Michael Ennis late in the second half the difference. In round 9, the Broncos lost their first match of the season while leading at halftime when they led 12–6 at halftime to lose 30–12 against the Manly Sea Eagles, it was also Broncos first loss for the season at Suncorp Stadium. In round 10, the Broncos lost their first back-to-back losses for the season when they lost to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks 13-6 at Toyota Park. The Broncos returned to the winners list with a very thrilling 30–26 win against the Parramatta Eels at Suncorp Stadium in round 12. Also Denan Kemp equalled the record for the most tries in a match for the Broncos with 4 tries against the Eels in round 12. Karmichael Hunt kicked his first ever field goal when he won the game for the Broncos 19-18 against the Wests Tigers in round 15. Also Nick Kenny scored his first ever try in first grade against the Tigers. The Broncos played out their first draw since round 25, 2004 and the first draw of the season with a hard fought 12–12 draw with the Penrith Panthers at CUA Stadium in round 16. In round 20, the Broncos won their first back to back wins since round 8 with a hard fort 18–12 win over the Cronulla Sharks at Suncorp Stadium. Joel Clinton has scored his first try for the Broncos in the Broncos 25–21 win over the Gold Coast Titans at Suncorp Stadium in round 24. In round 25, the Broncos secured another finals campaign with a 36–22 win over the Canterbury Bulldogs at Suncorp Stadium. The Broncos will compete in their 17th straight finals series. The Broncos took on the Sydney Roosters in the Qualifying Final and the Broncos turned an 8-point halftime deficit into an 8-point win coming from 16–8 down to win 24–16 at the SFS. The Broncos season came to an end when Greg Inglis crossed the line with 1 minute to play as the Broncos led the Melbourne Storm 14-12 in the semi-final at Suncorp Stadium. They lost 16–14.

Paragraph 42: Sherlock was born in Kildorrery, County Cork, in 1930. He was educated at the local national school. He took part in the IRA's Border Campaign as a young man, which resulted in him being imprisoned in Mountjoy Prison for six months. However, following the failure of the campaign, he endorsed the IRA's and Sinn Féin's move towards social activism and participating in politics. He worked at the local sugar factory for 18 years, and first held political office in 1967, when he was elected to Mallow Urban District Council as a Sinn Féin representative. During the split in Sinn Féin in 1970, Sherlock remained with the "Official" wing of the movement. In 1974, he was elected to Cork County Council. He served as Chairperson of Mallow UDC. He held both seats until the ending of the dual mandate in 2003. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1981 general election as a Sinn Féin - The Workers' Party TD.

Paragraph 43: The first recorded rulers were the Vogt ministeriales from Weida, Thuringia, who gave the entire Vogtland region its name. In 1281, they officially received the estates as an immediate fief at the hands of King Rudolph I of Germany. Emperor Louis IV elevated them to Princes of the Holy Roman Empire in 1329. Nevertheless, two years later, they sold Aš land to King John of Bohemia, who since 1322 also held the adjacent Egerland in the south. Together with neighbouring Selb and Elster, Aš was enfeoffed to the Freiherren of Neuberg (Podhradí). When in 1394 Konrad von Neuburg died without a male heir, by virtue of Hedwig von Neuburg's marriage to Konrad von Zedtwitz, Aš passed into the control of the noble House of Zedtwitz.

Paragraph 44: James Boswell refers to it repeatedly in his London Journal. Negus is also referred to in Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë, when Jane drinks it on arrival at Thornfield Hall. Jane Austen mentions it as part of the fare at a ball in Mansfield Park. In Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë, Catherine is given it at Thrushcross Grange by the Lintons; it appears in several works by Charles Dickens, namely Sketches by Boz, The Pickwick Papers, A Christmas Carol (during the party at Fezziwig's), Dombey and Son, David Copperfield, Our Mutual Friend and Bleak House; in Harriette Wilson's Memoirs and Grace Dalrymple Elliott's Journal of My Life During the French Revolution; and in John Buchan's Midwinter. Anthony Trollope in The Small House at Allington portrays the rustic Earl de Guest's violent disgust at the thought of the drink. Negus makes a number of appearances as a tonic in The Forsyte Saga by John Galsworthy and in Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin novels and a similar reference is made in Written in My Own Heart's Blood by Diana Gabaldon. In Death Comes to Pemberley by P.D. James, it is said to be added to a white soup. Arthur Conan Doyle has John give some negus to his sister Esther to quiet her in chapter 5 of The Mystery of Cloomber, and in A Death in the Small Hours by Charles Finch, the character Frederick Ponsonby claims that a glass of hot negus "settles the stomach wonderfully". In William Makepeace Thackeray's Vanity Fair, Ensign Stubble "never took his eyes off her except when the negus came in". In his Confessions of an English Opium-Eater, Thomas De Quincey relates that he usually took his laudanum infused in a glass of negus. Hyacinth Robinson is offered a glass of Negus three times by Mrs. Crookenden in The Princess Casamassima by Henry James.

Paragraph 45: Alfie Bass was born Abraham Basalinsky in Bethnal Green in London's East End. He was the youngest of ten children of Jacob Basalinsky, who had fled Jewish persecution in Russia, and his wife, Ada Miller. After leaving school, he worked in his father's trade as a cabinet-maker. During this time he took part in amateur dramatics at a local boys' club. He was active in the labour movement and often attended union meetings. In 1936 he took part in the Battle of Cable Street, in which activists attempted to prevent a march through the East End by the British Union of Fascists.

Paragraph 46: Volpi has stated that "The novels I like to read and the ones I try to write are those that consider fiction as a vehicle of knowledge." He believes that "a novel is a form of exploring the world." His novels show great effort to research an area of knowledge to incorporate this into the story, with the main characters often also involved in the discovery of knowledge. In A pesar del oscuro silencio, the main character is researching the tragic life of Jorge Cuesta, a Mexican vanguard poet and essayist of the 1920s and 1930s. Similarly, the protagonist in Tribuna del escandolo also engages in biographical research, but in this case to solve a double murder. In El temperamento melancolico, Volpi psychologically analyzes the idea of human temperament, exploring group dynamics and the effects of individual actions. The story here is of a German film director making his last film in Mexico, with Volpi focuses on the ten Mexican actors and their roles in the film. In La tejedora de sombras, the subject matter is the psychoanalysis of Carl Jung. Memorial del engaño is about the financial crisis of 2008 and the revelation that much of the world economic order was due to communist spies. Volpi's best known work, En busca de Klingsor, is the first of a trilogy that not only traces the development of scientific knowledge of the latter 20th century, but also aligns it to the political and social thought of the same era. He begins in the first book with relatively theory and quantum mechanics questioning much of how we see existence, (developed inside the search for Hitler's chief scientific advisor just after World War II), It is followed by El fin de la locura set from the May 1968 demonstrations in Paris to the Fall of the Berlin Wall. No será la Tierra is about the end of communist ideal in the 20th century.

Paragraph 47: During his medical and teaching career, Bowen also got into Republican Party politics, serving as a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 1956 to 1958 and again from 1960 to 1972. He was speaker of the house from 1967 to 1972, vice chairman of the legislative council from 1967 to 1968, and chairman until 1972. After his first unsuccessful attempt in the Republican primary in 1968, he was elected Governor of Indiana in 1972 and was re-elected for a second term in 1976, making him the first Governor to serve for eight consecutive years in Indiana since 1851. His campaign slogan, featured in huge letters on billboards, was "Otis Bowen. He Hears You".  His tenure in Indiana's highest public office was marked by a major tax restructuring reducing reliance on property taxes, major improvements to state park facilities, development of a statewide emergency medical services system, and adoption of a medical malpractice law that was destined to become a national model. From 1978 to 1985, he also served on the board of trustees for Valparaiso University. Simultaneously, Bowen served as chairman of the Republican Governors Association, the Midwestern Governors Association, and the National Governors Association. In 1980, he served as President of the Council of State Governments.

Paragraph 48: ERT announced that they would be selecting their artist for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 internally. The first artist approached by ERT with an official proposal was 2004 representative Sakis Rouvas, with the broadcaster stating on 15 June 2004 during a press conference that they would like to have him represent them again if he would accept the offer. However on 22 July 2004, he declined as he felt that another artist should receive the opportunity despite having considered the proposal. Another rumored artist was Anna Vissi, who stated in June 2004 that she "would go to Eurovision if she was asked to", however she later declined as she was in the United States promoting her song "Call Me" during the time of the contest. On 27 November 2004, Despina Vandi was reported to be representing Greece in the 2005 contest and was "ready to sign the necessary contracts", however it broke down due to conflicts with Vandi's record label Heaven Music over a term that required all of Vandi's songs to be written by popular Greek songwriter Phoebus. On 28 November 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Dafni Bokota stated that Vandi and ERT were close to a deal, but had concluded that she was too expensive to send to the contest. She also stated that Vandi was worried about participating in Eurovision while her international career was going well, saying "Here at ERT, we don't understand [why] Greek artists are so insecure to participate". A decision was to be announced within the next five to ten days, and that a possible backup would be Helena Paparizou. Around the same time, Greek-American singer and Fame Story participant Annet Artani was also rumored, however negotiations failed to materialize. On 8 December 2004, Bokota once again stated that there would be a delay in the artist announcement because of an "obstacle" within the broadcaster. On 15 January 2005, Star Channel reported that front runners Franz Ferdinand met with ERT but were soon excluded as they were requesting more money, and had "no idea how Eurovision works and thus they proposed to compose a remake of a past song of theirs".

Paragraph 49: Interactive accounts assume that all available information is processed at the same time and can immediately influence the computation of the final analysis. In the interactive model of sentence processing, there is no separate module for parsing.  Lexical access, syntactic structure assignment, and meaning assignment happen at the same time in parallel. Several syntactic hypotheses can be considered at a time.    The interactive model demonstrates an on-line interaction between the structural and lexical and phonetic levels of sentence processing. Each word, as it is heard in the context of normal discourse, is immediately entered into the processing system at all levels of description, and is simultaneously analyzed at all these levels in the light of whatever information is available at each level at that point in the processing of the sentence.  Interactive models of language processing assume that information flows both bottom-up and top-down, so that the representations formed at each level may be influenced by higher as well as lower levels. A framework called the interactive activation framework that embeds this key assumption among others, including the assumption that influences from different sources are combined nonlinearly. The nonlinearity means that information that may be decisive under some circumstances may have little or no effect under other conditions. In the interactive activation framework, the knowledge that guides processing is stored in the connections between units on the same and adjacent levels. The processing units that they connect may receive input from a number of different sources, which allows the knowledge that guides processing to be completely local while, at the same time, allowing the results of processing at one level to influence processing at other levels, both above and below. A basic assumption of the framework is that processing interactions are always reciprocal; it is this bi-directional characteristic that makes the system interactive. Bi-directional excitatory interactions between levels allow mutual simultaneous constraint among adjacent levels, and bi-directional inhibitory interactions within a level allow for competition among mutually incompatible interpretations of a portion of an input. The between-level excitatory interactions are captured in the models in two-way excitatory connections between mutually compatible processing units. Syntactic ambiguities are in fact based at the lexical level. In addition, more recent studies with more sensitive eye tracking machines have shown early context effects. Frequency and contextual information will modulate the activation of alternatives even when they are resolved in favor of the simple interpretation. Structural simplicity is cofounded with frequency, which goes against the garden path theory

Paragraph 50: In the episode "Returning Point", as the scientists begin their rebellion after learning the truth from Leo, Jadis has the facility locked down in order to "learn how far the rot has spread," resulting in the Bennett's, Percy, Felix, the scientists, their bodyguards and a captured Mason Beale getting locked in the bio-containment unit. However, the facility's own lockdown protocols prevent Jadis and her men from reaching them for a few hours until the system can be rebooted. Brody, one of the council of the nearby artist community known as the Perimeter, betrays his people and reveals their alliance with the Endlings to Jadis, causing her to send men to kill everyone in the Perimeter. However, Huck kills Brody after he tries to blackmail her into securing him a permanent home in the Civic Republic. The Perimeter's leader Indira tries to talk Jadis down and although Jadis respects Indira for her art, referencing her past as the leader of the Scavengers, Jadis believes that Indira and her people cannot survive for long in this world and that their destruction by a larger group is as inevitable as the destruction of the Scavengers was. Jadis orders her men to carry out the execution, but the intervention of Will Campbell, Dennis Graham and Silas Plaskett leads to the deaths of all of her men with only a few losses on the other side. At the same time, the scientists escape into the old mining tunnels below the facility, setting C4 charges to cover their escape. Jadis reports to Huck that the scientists have wiped all of their research from the facility's mainframe and are trying to take it with them in a full rebellion. Concerned that such a betrayal could lead to the end of everything that they have built, Jadis orders her men into the tunnels where they are to kill everyone as an example to those who come after them. In the episode "Death and the Dead", when the scientists escape the area, they are cornered by Jadis and several soldiers. Jadis attempts to convince Iris to stop the rebellion, but she refuses, saying the CRM are evil, citing the genocide of Omaha and the Campus Colony as an example. Jadis defends the destruction of Omaha and the Campus Colony, saying they and Portland have become too reliant on the Civic Republic and will eventually fall to famine and disease, so the CRM destroyed Omaha and the Campus Colony as well as planning on destroying Portland as a form of euthanasia to spare the residents the famine and disease that will eventually befall Omaha, the Campus Colony and Portland. In "The Last Light", when Iris still refuses to surrender, Jadis orders the soldiers to open fire on the Iris and the scientists. Huck then turns on Jadis, shooting several of the soldiers and buying Iris and the scientists time to escape. Fleeing back into the research facility, Jadis and Huck fight, which Jadis wins by stabbing Huck in the stomach with a knife. However, Huck revealed that she has rigged the research facility with explosives timed to explode soon. Jadis quickly flees the scene in a helicopter as the facility explodes, destroying the final sources of chlorine gas.