Paragraph 1: Naval training at this time took place on board ship, and having obtained a nomination and passing the modest exams, he was posted to HMS Wellesley in spring 1848. Wellesley (Captain George Goldsmith under Admiral the Earl of Dundonald) was then at Plymouth preparing to leave as flagship of the North American Station. She was a two-decker sailing ship, since steam power was only then being introduced into the navy. At that time, the principal important art to be taught to new recruits was how to handle a sailing ship, though within ten years almost all first class naval ships would be steam powered. He was required to pay his own schoolmaster at the rate of £5 per year. In particular, his mathematics at the start of his training was considered very poor, but at examinations eighteen months later, he came top of the class. Wellesley sailed on 24 March, arriving at Bermuda on 3 May. In correspondence home, he observed that he was seasick, and that the gales caused considerable broken crockery aboard ship. Yet while the gunroom (where the midshipman lived) suffered badly from its broken cups of a different pattern to those used elsewhere on the ship, their hens, much alike with others on board, never became ill or died.

Paragraph 2: Twenty years later, the young Jumong is a weak and cowardly prince overshadowed and scorned by his elder "half-brothers" Daeso and Youngpo, who are vying for inheritance of the Buyeo throne from their father (the now-King Geumwa). Because they believe Jumong is Geumwa's son, they assume that he has a justifiable claim to the throne, and their mother's hatred of Lady Yuhwa reinforces a feud between the half-brothers who aren't really brothers at all. This culminates in an assassination attempt by his brothers, setting in motion a sequence of events that leads to Jumong leaving the palace and, by a twist of fate, encounters his father, the now-elderly and blind Haemosu. Jumong becomes skilled in combat under Haemosu's covert tutelage, but is unaware of their father-son relationship. At the same time, Jumong forms a close relationship with Lady Soseono of the Gyeru trading clan of Jolbon. Following Haemosu's assassination by Daeso and Youngpo, Jumong learns the truth and vows to avenge his father and drive out the Han. He returns to Geumwa and leads the Buyeo army in a campaign against the Lintun and Zhenfan Commanderies, but is reported missing in action and presumed dead following an injury in battle. Subsequently, Daeso seizes power in Buyeo by colluding with Xuantu Commandery and forces Soseono to be his wife. In desperation, Soseono weds her trading partner Wootae (not knowing Jumong is still alive). Jumong, however, is rescued by the Hanbaek tribe and nursed back to health by Lady Yesoya, whom he weds. They return to Buyeo and Jumong feigns servitude to Daeso, thereby earning his trust. With Daeso's guard down, Jumong and his men manage to intercept and lead a large group of Gojoseon refugees into the wilds of Mount Bongye, where they establish a fortress and re-form the Damul Army, against Daeso's wishes, who holds Lady Yuhwa and a pregnant Yesoya hostage in the palace. After a solar eclipse, Geumwa regains the power with the help of the Prime Minister. He tries to convince Jumong to come back to palace and disband the Damul Army as part of the conditions given by the Prime minister in exchange for his reinstatement. Jumong refuses the offer and the Prime Minister tries to eliminate him and his men.

Paragraph 3: S3 Texture Compression (S3TC) (sometimes also called DXTn, DXTC, or BCn) is a group of related lossy texture compression algorithms originally developed by Iourcha et al. of S3 Graphics, Ltd. for use in their Savage 3D computer graphics accelerator. The method of compression is strikingly similar to the previously published Color Cell Compression, which is in turn an adaptation of Block Truncation Coding published in the late 1970s. Unlike some image compression algorithms (e.g. JPEG), S3TC's fixed-rate data compression coupled with the single memory access (cf. Color Cell Compression and some VQ-based schemes) made it well-suited for use in compressing textures in hardware-accelerated 3D computer graphics. Its subsequent inclusion in Microsoft's DirectX 6.0 and OpenGL 1.3 (via the GL_EXT_texture_compression_s3tc extension) led to widespread adoption of the technology among hardware and software makers. While S3 Graphics is no longer a competitor in the graphics accelerator market, license fees have been levied and collected for the use of S3TC technology until October 2017, for example in game consoles and graphics cards. The wide use of S3TC has led to a de facto requirement for OpenGL drivers to support it, but the patent-encumbered status of S3TC presented a major obstacle to open source implementations, while implementation approaches which tried to avoid the patented parts existed.

Paragraph 4: Chiang Kai-shek (zh: 蔣中正) (elected by General Assembly), Wang Jingwei (zh: 汪精卫), Hu Hanmin (zh: 胡汉民), Dai Jitao (zh: 戴季陶), Yan Xishan (zh: 阎锡山), Feng Yuxiang (zh: 冯玉祥), Yu Youren (zh: 于右任), Sun Fo (zh: 孙科), Wu Tieh-cheng (zh: 吴铁城), Ye Chucang (zh: 叶楚伧), He Yingqin (zh: 何应钦), Zhu Peide (zh: 朱培德), Zou Lu (zh: 邹鲁), Ju Zheng (zh: 居正), Chen Guofu (zh: 陈果夫), He Chengjun (zh: 何成浚), Chen Lifu (zh: 陈立夫), Shi Ying (zh: 石瑛), H. H. Kung (zh: 孔祥熙), Ding Weifen (zh: 丁惟汾), Zhang Xueliang (zh: 张学良), T. V. Soong (zh: 宋子文), Bai Chongxi (zh: 白崇禧), Liu Zhi (zh: 刘峙), Gu Zhutong (zh: 顾祝同), Zhu Jiahua (zh: 朱家骅), Yang Jie (zh: 杨杰), Ma Chao-chun (zh: 马超俊), Zhang Zhizhong (zh: 张治中), Ceng Kuoqing (zh: 曾扩情), He Zhonghan (zh: 贺衷寒), Jiang Dingwen (zh: 蒋鼎文), Fang Juehui (zh: 方觉慧), Chen Jitang (zh: 陈济棠), Huang Musong (zh: 黄慕松), Qian Dajun (zh: 钱大钧), Han Fuju (zh: 韩复榘), He Jian (zh: 何健), Ceng Yangfu (zh: 曾养甫), Liu Luyin (zh: 刘芦隐), Chen Cheng (zh: 陈诚), Zhou Fohai (zh: 周佛海), Xu Enzeng (zh: 徐恩曾), Hong Lanyou (zh: 洪兰友), Yu Ching-tang (zh: 余井塘), Chen Ce (zh: 陈策), Shao Yuanchong (zh: 邵元冲), Chang Tao-fan (zh: 张道藩), Chen Bulei (zh: 陈布雷), Fang Chih (zh: 方治), Chen Gongbo (zh: 陈公博), Liang Hancao (zh: 梁寒操), Li Zonghuang (zh: 李宗黄), Liu Jiwen (zh: 刘纪文), Xu Yuanquan (zh: 徐源泉), Pang Gongzhan (zh: 潘公展), Wang Faqin (zh: 王法勤), Bai Wenwei (zh: 柏文蔚), Wang Luyi (zh: 王陆一), Zhang Qun (zh: 张群), Liu Weichi (zh: 刘维炽), Wu Xingya (zh: 吴醒亚), Ding Chaowu (zh: 丁超五), Zhao Daiwen (zh: 赵戴文), Jiang Bocheng (zh: 蒋伯诚), Ku Meng-yu (zh: 顾孟余), Gan Naiguang (zh: 甘乃光), Chen Jicheng (zh: 陈继承), Xiao Jishan (zh: 萧吉珊), Wang Yizhe (zh: 王以哲), Li Wenfan (zh: 李文范), Chang Li-sheng (zh: 张厉生), Zhong Bomin (zh: 周伯敏), Wang Bailing (zh: 王柏龄), Miao Peicheng (zh: 苗培成), Liu Jianqun (zh: 刘健群), Gu Zhenggang (zh: 谷正纲), Mei Gongren (zh: 梅公任), Yu Hanmou (zh: 余汉谋), Zheng Zhannan (zh: 郑占南), Wang Shufang (zh: 王漱芳), Zhu Shaoliang (zh: 朱绍良), Li Yizhong (zh: 林翼中), Gu Zhenglun (zh: 谷正伦), Fu Zuoyi (zh: 傅作义), Wu Zhongxin (zh: 吴忠信), Wang Qi (zh: 王祺), Huang Xuchu (zh: 黄旭初), Dai Kuisheng (zh: 戴愧生), Yu Xuezhong (zh: 于学忠), Chen Zhaoying (zh: 陈肇英), Zhang Chong (zh: 张冲), Xiao Tongzi (zh: 萧同兹), Zhou Qigang (zh: 周启刚), Masud Sabri (zh: 麦斯武德), Wei Lihuang (zh: 卫立煌), Hong Ludong (zh: 洪陆东), Jiao Yitang (zh: 焦易堂), Li Shengda (zh: 李生达), Tian Kunshan (zh: 田昆山), Liu Xiang (zh: 刘湘), Chen Shaokuan (zh: 陈绍宽), Chen Yi (zh: 陈仪), Peng Xeupei (zh: 彭学沛), Mao Zuquan (zh: 茅祖权), Shen Honglie (zh: 沈鸿烈), Xiong Shihui (zh: 熊式辉), Xia Douyin (zh: 夏斗寅), Lu Zhonglin (zh: 鹿钟麟), Wang Boqun (zh: 王伯群), Xu Kan (zh: 徐堪), Fu Bingchang (zh: 傅秉常), Le Jingtao (zh: 乐景涛), Li Yangjing (zh: 李杨敬), Tang Youren (zh: 唐有壬), Wang Quansheng (zh: 王泉笙), Miao Peinan (zh: 缪培南), Wang Jun (zh: 王均), Luosang Jianzan (zh: 罗桑坚赞). (total 120 members)

Paragraph 5: S3 Texture Compression (S3TC) (sometimes also called DXTn, DXTC, or BCn) is a group of related lossy texture compression algorithms originally developed by Iourcha et al. of S3 Graphics, Ltd. for use in their Savage 3D computer graphics accelerator. The method of compression is strikingly similar to the previously published Color Cell Compression, which is in turn an adaptation of Block Truncation Coding published in the late 1970s. Unlike some image compression algorithms (e.g. JPEG), S3TC's fixed-rate data compression coupled with the single memory access (cf. Color Cell Compression and some VQ-based schemes) made it well-suited for use in compressing textures in hardware-accelerated 3D computer graphics. Its subsequent inclusion in Microsoft's DirectX 6.0 and OpenGL 1.3 (via the GL_EXT_texture_compression_s3tc extension) led to widespread adoption of the technology among hardware and software makers. While S3 Graphics is no longer a competitor in the graphics accelerator market, license fees have been levied and collected for the use of S3TC technology until October 2017, for example in game consoles and graphics cards. The wide use of S3TC has led to a de facto requirement for OpenGL drivers to support it, but the patent-encumbered status of S3TC presented a major obstacle to open source implementations, while implementation approaches which tried to avoid the patented parts existed.

Paragraph 6: S3 Texture Compression (S3TC) (sometimes also called DXTn, DXTC, or BCn) is a group of related lossy texture compression algorithms originally developed by Iourcha et al. of S3 Graphics, Ltd. for use in their Savage 3D computer graphics accelerator. The method of compression is strikingly similar to the previously published Color Cell Compression, which is in turn an adaptation of Block Truncation Coding published in the late 1970s. Unlike some image compression algorithms (e.g. JPEG), S3TC's fixed-rate data compression coupled with the single memory access (cf. Color Cell Compression and some VQ-based schemes) made it well-suited for use in compressing textures in hardware-accelerated 3D computer graphics. Its subsequent inclusion in Microsoft's DirectX 6.0 and OpenGL 1.3 (via the GL_EXT_texture_compression_s3tc extension) led to widespread adoption of the technology among hardware and software makers. While S3 Graphics is no longer a competitor in the graphics accelerator market, license fees have been levied and collected for the use of S3TC technology until October 2017, for example in game consoles and graphics cards. The wide use of S3TC has led to a de facto requirement for OpenGL drivers to support it, but the patent-encumbered status of S3TC presented a major obstacle to open source implementations, while implementation approaches which tried to avoid the patented parts existed.

Paragraph 7: Naval training at this time took place on board ship, and having obtained a nomination and passing the modest exams, he was posted to HMS Wellesley in spring 1848. Wellesley (Captain George Goldsmith under Admiral the Earl of Dundonald) was then at Plymouth preparing to leave as flagship of the North American Station. She was a two-decker sailing ship, since steam power was only then being introduced into the navy. At that time, the principal important art to be taught to new recruits was how to handle a sailing ship, though within ten years almost all first class naval ships would be steam powered. He was required to pay his own schoolmaster at the rate of £5 per year. In particular, his mathematics at the start of his training was considered very poor, but at examinations eighteen months later, he came top of the class. Wellesley sailed on 24 March, arriving at Bermuda on 3 May. In correspondence home, he observed that he was seasick, and that the gales caused considerable broken crockery aboard ship. Yet while the gunroom (where the midshipman lived) suffered badly from its broken cups of a different pattern to those used elsewhere on the ship, their hens, much alike with others on board, never became ill or died.

Paragraph 8: After Hassler's return to the United States, President James Madison appointed him the first superintendent of the United States Coast Survey in 1816. The creative side of Hassler was seen in the design of new surveying instruments. Most original was Hassler's baseline apparatus which involved an idea worked out by him in Switzerland and perfected in America. Instead of bringing different bars in actual contact during the process of baseline measurements, he used four two-metre iron bars fastened together totaling eight metres in length and optical contact. As early as February–March 1817, Ferdinand Rudolph Hassler, standardized the bars of his device which were actually calibrated on the Committee Metre (an authentic copy of the Mètre des Archives) which was the property of the American Philosophical Society, to whom it had been presented by Hassler himself, who had received it from Tralles, a foreign member of the French Committee charged with the construction of the standard metre by comparison with the Toise of Peru, which had served as unit of length in the measurement of the meridional arcs in France and Peru. The Committee Metre possessed all the authenticity of any original metre extant, bearing not only the stamp of the committee, but also the original mark by which it was distinguished from the other bars during the operation of standardising. Thus the metre became the unit of length for geodesy in the United States. Indeed, the Committee Metre served as the standard of length for Coast and Geodetic Survey until 1890, when the National Prototype Metre Bar No. 27 allotted to the United States in 1889 at the first General Conference on Weights and Measures arrived in Washington. However, Hassler had exceeded the spending limitations that had been set for his trip to Europe, and the resulting controversy foreshadowed the frictions between Hassler and the American Government that would plague his career. In 1818, the United States Congress removed supervision of the U.S. Coast Survey from Hassler and gave control to the army, where it lingered until 1832.

Paragraph 9: Pittsburgh took the ball to begin the second half, and drove to the San Francisco 18 before being stopped (a catch by Heath Miller at the 49ers 2 yard line was overturned after a successful challenge by San Francisco head coach Mike Nolan showed that Miller was out of bounds). The Steelers were forced to settle for a 36-yard field goal by Jeff Reed to increase their lead to 17–6. On the 49ers' ensuing drive, Alex Smith hit leaping tight end Vernon Davis at the Pittsburgh 5 yard line when he was hit by strong safety Troy Polamalu and flipped into the air. Davis hit the ground, and the ball popped up and was caught by free safety Ryan Clark, who returned it into San Francisco territory. Nolan challenged the play, arguing that Davis was down by contact at the Pittsburgh 5. Referee Gerry Austin ruled instead that the ball had hit the ground, and that the pass was therefore incomplete (the Niners still won the challenge, as the original call of an interception was overturned). The 49ers could not drive any further, and Nedney kicked a 49-yard field goal to make it 17–9, Pittsburgh. The Steelers got the ball back after the field goal and drove deep into 49ers territory before Reed kicked a 49-yard field goal on the first play of the fourth quarter to give the Steelers a 20–9 lead. The 49ers' next drive resulted in a punt, and the Steelers drove into field goal range again. Reed's 35-yard kick was good, and the Steelers led 23–9. On the ensuing possession by San Francisco was facing a crucial 3rd and 5 from their own 42. Smith forced a throw into coverage, and it was intercepted by Steeler cornerback Bryant McFadden and returned for a touchdown to give Pittsburgh a commanding 30–9 lead. Smith drove the 49ers down the field on their next possession, and he threw a 21-yard touchdown pass to Taylor Jacobs to give San Francisco its first and only touchdown of the day. The 49ers tried to execute an onside kick, but Nedney's kick was recovered by Steeler punter Daniel Sepulveda. The Steelers then attempted to run out the clock by handing the ball off to backup running back Najeh Davenport, but Davenport broke a 39-yard touchdown run with under 2 minutes to go to give the Steelers a 37–16 lead, which would be the final score. The Niners attempted one last drive, but could not even gain a first down.

Paragraph 10: The cytosolic, intermembrane space, compartment has a water content of 3.8 μL/mg protein, while the mitochondrial matrix 0.8 μL/mg protein. It is not known how mitochondria maintain osmotic balance across the inner mitochondrial membrane, although the membrane contains aquaporins that are believed to be conduits for regulated water transport. Mitochondrial matrix has a pH of about 7.8, which is higher than the pH of the intermembrane space of the mitochondria, which is around 7.0–7.4. Mitochondrial DNA was discovered by Nash and Margit in 1963. One to many double stranded mainly circular DNA is present in mitochondrial matrix. Mitochondrial DNA is 1% of total DNA of a cell. It is rich in guanine and cytosine content. Mitochondria of mammals have 55s ribosomes.

Paragraph 11: S3 Texture Compression (S3TC) (sometimes also called DXTn, DXTC, or BCn) is a group of related lossy texture compression algorithms originally developed by Iourcha et al. of S3 Graphics, Ltd. for use in their Savage 3D computer graphics accelerator. The method of compression is strikingly similar to the previously published Color Cell Compression, which is in turn an adaptation of Block Truncation Coding published in the late 1970s. Unlike some image compression algorithms (e.g. JPEG), S3TC's fixed-rate data compression coupled with the single memory access (cf. Color Cell Compression and some VQ-based schemes) made it well-suited for use in compressing textures in hardware-accelerated 3D computer graphics. Its subsequent inclusion in Microsoft's DirectX 6.0 and OpenGL 1.3 (via the GL_EXT_texture_compression_s3tc extension) led to widespread adoption of the technology among hardware and software makers. While S3 Graphics is no longer a competitor in the graphics accelerator market, license fees have been levied and collected for the use of S3TC technology until October 2017, for example in game consoles and graphics cards. The wide use of S3TC has led to a de facto requirement for OpenGL drivers to support it, but the patent-encumbered status of S3TC presented a major obstacle to open source implementations, while implementation approaches which tried to avoid the patented parts existed.

Paragraph 12: In 2010, he won his second World Poker Tour title by winning the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World for over $870,000. On July 3, 2012, he won the largest buy-in tournament in history, the Big One for One Drop, a $1,000,000 buy-in live event. After beating 47 other players, he earned $18,346,673, the biggest cash prize in poker history. The same year at the 2012 World Series of Poker Europe, Esfandiari won his third bracelet in the €1,100 No Limit Hold'em event, defeating Remi Bollengier heads-up to earn €126,207. In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he placed fourth in the One Drop High Roller tournament, the successor to the Big One that he had won a year earlier, and earned $1,433,438.

Paragraph 13: Twenty years later, the young Jumong is a weak and cowardly prince overshadowed and scorned by his elder "half-brothers" Daeso and Youngpo, who are vying for inheritance of the Buyeo throne from their father (the now-King Geumwa). Because they believe Jumong is Geumwa's son, they assume that he has a justifiable claim to the throne, and their mother's hatred of Lady Yuhwa reinforces a feud between the half-brothers who aren't really brothers at all. This culminates in an assassination attempt by his brothers, setting in motion a sequence of events that leads to Jumong leaving the palace and, by a twist of fate, encounters his father, the now-elderly and blind Haemosu. Jumong becomes skilled in combat under Haemosu's covert tutelage, but is unaware of their father-son relationship. At the same time, Jumong forms a close relationship with Lady Soseono of the Gyeru trading clan of Jolbon. Following Haemosu's assassination by Daeso and Youngpo, Jumong learns the truth and vows to avenge his father and drive out the Han. He returns to Geumwa and leads the Buyeo army in a campaign against the Lintun and Zhenfan Commanderies, but is reported missing in action and presumed dead following an injury in battle. Subsequently, Daeso seizes power in Buyeo by colluding with Xuantu Commandery and forces Soseono to be his wife. In desperation, Soseono weds her trading partner Wootae (not knowing Jumong is still alive). Jumong, however, is rescued by the Hanbaek tribe and nursed back to health by Lady Yesoya, whom he weds. They return to Buyeo and Jumong feigns servitude to Daeso, thereby earning his trust. With Daeso's guard down, Jumong and his men manage to intercept and lead a large group of Gojoseon refugees into the wilds of Mount Bongye, where they establish a fortress and re-form the Damul Army, against Daeso's wishes, who holds Lady Yuhwa and a pregnant Yesoya hostage in the palace. After a solar eclipse, Geumwa regains the power with the help of the Prime Minister. He tries to convince Jumong to come back to palace and disband the Damul Army as part of the conditions given by the Prime minister in exchange for his reinstatement. Jumong refuses the offer and the Prime Minister tries to eliminate him and his men.

Paragraph 14: After Hassler's return to the United States, President James Madison appointed him the first superintendent of the United States Coast Survey in 1816. The creative side of Hassler was seen in the design of new surveying instruments. Most original was Hassler's baseline apparatus which involved an idea worked out by him in Switzerland and perfected in America. Instead of bringing different bars in actual contact during the process of baseline measurements, he used four two-metre iron bars fastened together totaling eight metres in length and optical contact. As early as February–March 1817, Ferdinand Rudolph Hassler, standardized the bars of his device which were actually calibrated on the Committee Metre (an authentic copy of the Mètre des Archives) which was the property of the American Philosophical Society, to whom it had been presented by Hassler himself, who had received it from Tralles, a foreign member of the French Committee charged with the construction of the standard metre by comparison with the Toise of Peru, which had served as unit of length in the measurement of the meridional arcs in France and Peru. The Committee Metre possessed all the authenticity of any original metre extant, bearing not only the stamp of the committee, but also the original mark by which it was distinguished from the other bars during the operation of standardising. Thus the metre became the unit of length for geodesy in the United States. Indeed, the Committee Metre served as the standard of length for Coast and Geodetic Survey until 1890, when the National Prototype Metre Bar No. 27 allotted to the United States in 1889 at the first General Conference on Weights and Measures arrived in Washington. However, Hassler had exceeded the spending limitations that had been set for his trip to Europe, and the resulting controversy foreshadowed the frictions between Hassler and the American Government that would plague his career. In 1818, the United States Congress removed supervision of the U.S. Coast Survey from Hassler and gave control to the army, where it lingered until 1832.

Paragraph 15: Among the other earliest chartered or incorporated railroads, the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad were chartered as passenger services. Later, after mergers, the UNJ&CC became a subsidiary part of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) system in New Jersey following the merger and acquisition of several predecessor companies in 1872; these purchases included the PRR's main line to New York City, which is now Amtrak's Northeast Corridor. Prior to 1872, its main lines were the Camden and Amboy Rail Road and Transportation Company (C&A) the first railroad in New Jersey and one of the first railroads in the United States.

Paragraph 16: The cytosolic, intermembrane space, compartment has a water content of 3.8 μL/mg protein, while the mitochondrial matrix 0.8 μL/mg protein. It is not known how mitochondria maintain osmotic balance across the inner mitochondrial membrane, although the membrane contains aquaporins that are believed to be conduits for regulated water transport. Mitochondrial matrix has a pH of about 7.8, which is higher than the pH of the intermembrane space of the mitochondria, which is around 7.0–7.4. Mitochondrial DNA was discovered by Nash and Margit in 1963. One to many double stranded mainly circular DNA is present in mitochondrial matrix. Mitochondrial DNA is 1% of total DNA of a cell. It is rich in guanine and cytosine content. Mitochondria of mammals have 55s ribosomes.

Paragraph 17: Among the other earliest chartered or incorporated railroads, the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad and Baltimore and Ohio Railroad were chartered as passenger services. Later, after mergers, the UNJ&CC became a subsidiary part of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) system in New Jersey following the merger and acquisition of several predecessor companies in 1872; these purchases included the PRR's main line to New York City, which is now Amtrak's Northeast Corridor. Prior to 1872, its main lines were the Camden and Amboy Rail Road and Transportation Company (C&A) the first railroad in New Jersey and one of the first railroads in the United States.

Paragraph 18: In 2010, he won his second World Poker Tour title by winning the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World for over $870,000. On July 3, 2012, he won the largest buy-in tournament in history, the Big One for One Drop, a $1,000,000 buy-in live event. After beating 47 other players, he earned $18,346,673, the biggest cash prize in poker history. The same year at the 2012 World Series of Poker Europe, Esfandiari won his third bracelet in the €1,100 No Limit Hold'em event, defeating Remi Bollengier heads-up to earn €126,207. In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he placed fourth in the One Drop High Roller tournament, the successor to the Big One that he had won a year earlier, and earned $1,433,438.

Paragraph 19: Twenty years later, the young Jumong is a weak and cowardly prince overshadowed and scorned by his elder "half-brothers" Daeso and Youngpo, who are vying for inheritance of the Buyeo throne from their father (the now-King Geumwa). Because they believe Jumong is Geumwa's son, they assume that he has a justifiable claim to the throne, and their mother's hatred of Lady Yuhwa reinforces a feud between the half-brothers who aren't really brothers at all. This culminates in an assassination attempt by his brothers, setting in motion a sequence of events that leads to Jumong leaving the palace and, by a twist of fate, encounters his father, the now-elderly and blind Haemosu. Jumong becomes skilled in combat under Haemosu's covert tutelage, but is unaware of their father-son relationship. At the same time, Jumong forms a close relationship with Lady Soseono of the Gyeru trading clan of Jolbon. Following Haemosu's assassination by Daeso and Youngpo, Jumong learns the truth and vows to avenge his father and drive out the Han. He returns to Geumwa and leads the Buyeo army in a campaign against the Lintun and Zhenfan Commanderies, but is reported missing in action and presumed dead following an injury in battle. Subsequently, Daeso seizes power in Buyeo by colluding with Xuantu Commandery and forces Soseono to be his wife. In desperation, Soseono weds her trading partner Wootae (not knowing Jumong is still alive). Jumong, however, is rescued by the Hanbaek tribe and nursed back to health by Lady Yesoya, whom he weds. They return to Buyeo and Jumong feigns servitude to Daeso, thereby earning his trust. With Daeso's guard down, Jumong and his men manage to intercept and lead a large group of Gojoseon refugees into the wilds of Mount Bongye, where they establish a fortress and re-form the Damul Army, against Daeso's wishes, who holds Lady Yuhwa and a pregnant Yesoya hostage in the palace. After a solar eclipse, Geumwa regains the power with the help of the Prime Minister. He tries to convince Jumong to come back to palace and disband the Damul Army as part of the conditions given by the Prime minister in exchange for his reinstatement. Jumong refuses the offer and the Prime Minister tries to eliminate him and his men.

Paragraph 20: Twenty years later, the young Jumong is a weak and cowardly prince overshadowed and scorned by his elder "half-brothers" Daeso and Youngpo, who are vying for inheritance of the Buyeo throne from their father (the now-King Geumwa). Because they believe Jumong is Geumwa's son, they assume that he has a justifiable claim to the throne, and their mother's hatred of Lady Yuhwa reinforces a feud between the half-brothers who aren't really brothers at all. This culminates in an assassination attempt by his brothers, setting in motion a sequence of events that leads to Jumong leaving the palace and, by a twist of fate, encounters his father, the now-elderly and blind Haemosu. Jumong becomes skilled in combat under Haemosu's covert tutelage, but is unaware of their father-son relationship. At the same time, Jumong forms a close relationship with Lady Soseono of the Gyeru trading clan of Jolbon. Following Haemosu's assassination by Daeso and Youngpo, Jumong learns the truth and vows to avenge his father and drive out the Han. He returns to Geumwa and leads the Buyeo army in a campaign against the Lintun and Zhenfan Commanderies, but is reported missing in action and presumed dead following an injury in battle. Subsequently, Daeso seizes power in Buyeo by colluding with Xuantu Commandery and forces Soseono to be his wife. In desperation, Soseono weds her trading partner Wootae (not knowing Jumong is still alive). Jumong, however, is rescued by the Hanbaek tribe and nursed back to health by Lady Yesoya, whom he weds. They return to Buyeo and Jumong feigns servitude to Daeso, thereby earning his trust. With Daeso's guard down, Jumong and his men manage to intercept and lead a large group of Gojoseon refugees into the wilds of Mount Bongye, where they establish a fortress and re-form the Damul Army, against Daeso's wishes, who holds Lady Yuhwa and a pregnant Yesoya hostage in the palace. After a solar eclipse, Geumwa regains the power with the help of the Prime Minister. He tries to convince Jumong to come back to palace and disband the Damul Army as part of the conditions given by the Prime minister in exchange for his reinstatement. Jumong refuses the offer and the Prime Minister tries to eliminate him and his men.

Paragraph 21: Twenty years later, the young Jumong is a weak and cowardly prince overshadowed and scorned by his elder "half-brothers" Daeso and Youngpo, who are vying for inheritance of the Buyeo throne from their father (the now-King Geumwa). Because they believe Jumong is Geumwa's son, they assume that he has a justifiable claim to the throne, and their mother's hatred of Lady Yuhwa reinforces a feud between the half-brothers who aren't really brothers at all. This culminates in an assassination attempt by his brothers, setting in motion a sequence of events that leads to Jumong leaving the palace and, by a twist of fate, encounters his father, the now-elderly and blind Haemosu. Jumong becomes skilled in combat under Haemosu's covert tutelage, but is unaware of their father-son relationship. At the same time, Jumong forms a close relationship with Lady Soseono of the Gyeru trading clan of Jolbon. Following Haemosu's assassination by Daeso and Youngpo, Jumong learns the truth and vows to avenge his father and drive out the Han. He returns to Geumwa and leads the Buyeo army in a campaign against the Lintun and Zhenfan Commanderies, but is reported missing in action and presumed dead following an injury in battle. Subsequently, Daeso seizes power in Buyeo by colluding with Xuantu Commandery and forces Soseono to be his wife. In desperation, Soseono weds her trading partner Wootae (not knowing Jumong is still alive). Jumong, however, is rescued by the Hanbaek tribe and nursed back to health by Lady Yesoya, whom he weds. They return to Buyeo and Jumong feigns servitude to Daeso, thereby earning his trust. With Daeso's guard down, Jumong and his men manage to intercept and lead a large group of Gojoseon refugees into the wilds of Mount Bongye, where they establish a fortress and re-form the Damul Army, against Daeso's wishes, who holds Lady Yuhwa and a pregnant Yesoya hostage in the palace. After a solar eclipse, Geumwa regains the power with the help of the Prime Minister. He tries to convince Jumong to come back to palace and disband the Damul Army as part of the conditions given by the Prime minister in exchange for his reinstatement. Jumong refuses the offer and the Prime Minister tries to eliminate him and his men.

Paragraph 22: Chiang Kai-shek (zh: 蔣中正) (elected by General Assembly), Wang Jingwei (zh: 汪精卫), Hu Hanmin (zh: 胡汉民), Dai Jitao (zh: 戴季陶), Yan Xishan (zh: 阎锡山), Feng Yuxiang (zh: 冯玉祥), Yu Youren (zh: 于右任), Sun Fo (zh: 孙科), Wu Tieh-cheng (zh: 吴铁城), Ye Chucang (zh: 叶楚伧), He Yingqin (zh: 何应钦), Zhu Peide (zh: 朱培德), Zou Lu (zh: 邹鲁), Ju Zheng (zh: 居正), Chen Guofu (zh: 陈果夫), He Chengjun (zh: 何成浚), Chen Lifu (zh: 陈立夫), Shi Ying (zh: 石瑛), H. H. Kung (zh: 孔祥熙), Ding Weifen (zh: 丁惟汾), Zhang Xueliang (zh: 张学良), T. V. Soong (zh: 宋子文), Bai Chongxi (zh: 白崇禧), Liu Zhi (zh: 刘峙), Gu Zhutong (zh: 顾祝同), Zhu Jiahua (zh: 朱家骅), Yang Jie (zh: 杨杰), Ma Chao-chun (zh: 马超俊), Zhang Zhizhong (zh: 张治中), Ceng Kuoqing (zh: 曾扩情), He Zhonghan (zh: 贺衷寒), Jiang Dingwen (zh: 蒋鼎文), Fang Juehui (zh: 方觉慧), Chen Jitang (zh: 陈济棠), Huang Musong (zh: 黄慕松), Qian Dajun (zh: 钱大钧), Han Fuju (zh: 韩复榘), He Jian (zh: 何健), Ceng Yangfu (zh: 曾养甫), Liu Luyin (zh: 刘芦隐), Chen Cheng (zh: 陈诚), Zhou Fohai (zh: 周佛海), Xu Enzeng (zh: 徐恩曾), Hong Lanyou (zh: 洪兰友), Yu Ching-tang (zh: 余井塘), Chen Ce (zh: 陈策), Shao Yuanchong (zh: 邵元冲), Chang Tao-fan (zh: 张道藩), Chen Bulei (zh: 陈布雷), Fang Chih (zh: 方治), Chen Gongbo (zh: 陈公博), Liang Hancao (zh: 梁寒操), Li Zonghuang (zh: 李宗黄), Liu Jiwen (zh: 刘纪文), Xu Yuanquan (zh: 徐源泉), Pang Gongzhan (zh: 潘公展), Wang Faqin (zh: 王法勤), Bai Wenwei (zh: 柏文蔚), Wang Luyi (zh: 王陆一), Zhang Qun (zh: 张群), Liu Weichi (zh: 刘维炽), Wu Xingya (zh: 吴醒亚), Ding Chaowu (zh: 丁超五), Zhao Daiwen (zh: 赵戴文), Jiang Bocheng (zh: 蒋伯诚), Ku Meng-yu (zh: 顾孟余), Gan Naiguang (zh: 甘乃光), Chen Jicheng (zh: 陈继承), Xiao Jishan (zh: 萧吉珊), Wang Yizhe (zh: 王以哲), Li Wenfan (zh: 李文范), Chang Li-sheng (zh: 张厉生), Zhong Bomin (zh: 周伯敏), Wang Bailing (zh: 王柏龄), Miao Peicheng (zh: 苗培成), Liu Jianqun (zh: 刘健群), Gu Zhenggang (zh: 谷正纲), Mei Gongren (zh: 梅公任), Yu Hanmou (zh: 余汉谋), Zheng Zhannan (zh: 郑占南), Wang Shufang (zh: 王漱芳), Zhu Shaoliang (zh: 朱绍良), Li Yizhong (zh: 林翼中), Gu Zhenglun (zh: 谷正伦), Fu Zuoyi (zh: 傅作义), Wu Zhongxin (zh: 吴忠信), Wang Qi (zh: 王祺), Huang Xuchu (zh: 黄旭初), Dai Kuisheng (zh: 戴愧生), Yu Xuezhong (zh: 于学忠), Chen Zhaoying (zh: 陈肇英), Zhang Chong (zh: 张冲), Xiao Tongzi (zh: 萧同兹), Zhou Qigang (zh: 周启刚), Masud Sabri (zh: 麦斯武德), Wei Lihuang (zh: 卫立煌), Hong Ludong (zh: 洪陆东), Jiao Yitang (zh: 焦易堂), Li Shengda (zh: 李生达), Tian Kunshan (zh: 田昆山), Liu Xiang (zh: 刘湘), Chen Shaokuan (zh: 陈绍宽), Chen Yi (zh: 陈仪), Peng Xeupei (zh: 彭学沛), Mao Zuquan (zh: 茅祖权), Shen Honglie (zh: 沈鸿烈), Xiong Shihui (zh: 熊式辉), Xia Douyin (zh: 夏斗寅), Lu Zhonglin (zh: 鹿钟麟), Wang Boqun (zh: 王伯群), Xu Kan (zh: 徐堪), Fu Bingchang (zh: 傅秉常), Le Jingtao (zh: 乐景涛), Li Yangjing (zh: 李杨敬), Tang Youren (zh: 唐有壬), Wang Quansheng (zh: 王泉笙), Miao Peinan (zh: 缪培南), Wang Jun (zh: 王均), Luosang Jianzan (zh: 罗桑坚赞). (total 120 members)

Paragraph 23: In 2010, he won his second World Poker Tour title by winning the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World for over $870,000. On July 3, 2012, he won the largest buy-in tournament in history, the Big One for One Drop, a $1,000,000 buy-in live event. After beating 47 other players, he earned $18,346,673, the biggest cash prize in poker history. The same year at the 2012 World Series of Poker Europe, Esfandiari won his third bracelet in the €1,100 No Limit Hold'em event, defeating Remi Bollengier heads-up to earn €126,207. In the 2013 World Series of Poker, he placed fourth in the One Drop High Roller tournament, the successor to the Big One that he had won a year earlier, and earned $1,433,438.