Paragraph 1: The source of the commotion is a group of men pursuing a young woman who is swimming frantically away from the other ship. Templar rescues the woman who, after some considerable hesitation, identifies herself as Loretta Page, a private detective who is investigating the mysterious disappearance of sunken treasure from the Atlantic. When she learns her rescuer is The Saint, she enlists his help in tracking down a group of modern-day pirates. These pirates, led by Kurt Vogel, are using newly developed bathyscape technology to reach the sea floor and scour recent shipwrecks for gold and other booty before officially sanctioned salvage operations arrive. And Vogel is not against committing cold-blooded murder to keep his operation going.

Paragraph 2: The main focus of the game, like its predecessor, is to capture Shadow Pokémon and fight with them and also file up their information in pokedex. Shadow Pokémon are captured using the Snag Machine, as in Pokémon Colosseum. In this game there are 83 different Shadow Pokémon to collect. Each Shadow Pokémon has a set of Shadow moves that it knows to give it more variety in combat, which is a significant change from Pokémon Colosseum. Shadow moves can be either physical or special, which is the only type of move that was capable of this in Generation III. This changed once Generation IV brought physical and special moves for each type. These moves often have lower power than their non-Suspicious counterparts, but still inflict more damage due to being super effective. Their usefulness is also increased by not having to use PP when you use a move, as they can be used as often as needed within a single battle. If at some point in the game the player cannot catch a Shadow Pokémon, there is a second chance available: at random points throughout the game an antagonist, Miror B. will appear and have a Shadow Pokémon that the player was not able to catch. Once the player has obtained 82 of the Shadow Pokémon, Miror B. will appear one final time with the final obtainable Shadow Pokémon in the game.

Paragraph 3: In the later part of 18th century, the Kingdom of Assam in Assam was wreaked by series of rebellions. The Moamoria rebellion in Upper Assam and the Dundiya rebellion in Western Assam severely weakened the Kingdom of Ahom due to loss of lives and property. The Prime Minister Purnananda Burhagohain tried his best to reestablish Ahom rule over the region. With great efforts, he finally suppressed all the rebellions, and firmly established the royal authority over the kingdom. For smooth functioning of administration or to consolidate his power, he appointed all his relatives in high posts of the Kingdom of Ahom. Badan Chandra Borphukan, the governor of Guwahati, was anxious of the growing power of Purnananda Burhagohain. At first, he tried to make friendship with Purnananda Burhagohain. He gave his daughter Pijou Gabhoru to Purnananda's son, Urekhanath Dhekial Phukan along with a huge amount of gold ornaments and utensils as dowry. The move backfired when Purnananda Burhagohain expressed his displeasure and suspected Badan Chandra Borphukan of misusing his office. Angered by the behaviour of Purnananda Burhagohain, Badan Chandra Borphukan encouraged conspirators in the capital Jorhat with the aim to assassinate Purnananda Burhagohain. The conspiracy failed and the conspirators were punished. The alleged link of Badan Chandra Borphukan with the conspirators got revealed. Meanwhile, the people of Western Assam, complained Burhagohain about the atrocities committed by Badan Chandra Borphukan and his two sons, Janmi and Piyoli. Finally in 1815 CE, Purnananda Burhagohain decided to act and he send a deputation with orders to arrest Badan Chandra Borphukan and bring him to the capital Jorhat for justice. Pijou Gabhoru, the daughter-in-law of Purnananda Burhagohain, who was also the daughter of Badan Chandra Borphukan, sent an early message to her father, warning him of the impending danger. Warned by his daughter, Badan Chandra Borphukan escaped to Bengal, which was under British rule. Burhagohain's men caught him at Chilmari in Bengal, but he again escaped with the help of local Thanedar or Police officer. He went to Calcutta and visited the Governor General Lord Hastings with the plea for help to oust Purnananda Burhagohain. The Governor-General declined his plea stating their Policy of Non-interference in the internal matter of another kingdom. Around that time, Badan Chandra[Borphukan met the envoy of Burmese King Bodawpaya, who was on a visit at Calcutta. The envoy, after hearing his plea took him to Burma and fixed an appointment with Bodawpaya.

Paragraph 4: Just right when they came back from Kalalawdan, Pantas takes on a revenge on the Penduko family. Pantas stabs Juan, who later died. In return, Pedro made Pantas swallow the last stone of his mutya, that made him explode to death. Pedro, then decided to go to Floreshka to see Hiyas agrees to get married with Napoleon in order to save her life and her soul from the curse of the black mutya. On the other hand, Haddi and Kasimiro plans on taking Hiyas and Napoleon to  Tarusay, where they can be alone and learn to love each other. Not knowing by anyone, Kasimiro and Isidra are planning something on the day of Hiyas and Napoleon's wedding. Pedro, however, tries to stop the wedding by going to Tarusay. Haddi, therefore decided to make the wedding earlier and asked both the Floreshkan and Dalaketnon armies to capture Pedro and put him in jail, so the wedding will not be resumed. Maalindog and Marikit heard the conversation of Kasimiro and Isidra, but they got caught. Maalindog turned into a sunflower by Isidra, while Marikit escaped and helped Pedro get out of the jail and tells Haddi about Kasimiro and Isidra's plan on capturing Floreshka. In the beginning of the wedding, Kasimiro decided to leave and let Isidra takes care of the wedding. In the middle of the ceremony, Isidra was about to attack Hiyas, but Haddi got in the way protecting her daughter, leading to his death. The Floreshkans fought back to the Dalaketnons, and turned into a war. A revelation was later revealed when Juan (who died earlier in the story) returns, but not as a human, as a Floreshkan. Pedro was shocked when he saw his father, but Bukang Liwayway explained that she and Haddi went into an agreement that Juan's body will be killed but his soul will be alive and be a Floreshkan. As the war goes on, Isidra is killed by Napoleon using the punyal, Pedro and Hiyas goes back to Tulay-buhangin and there they faced the different creatures that Pedro once fought. Suddenly, Kasimiro appears and attacks Pedro and Hiyas, but Bukang Liwayway, Juan and Napoleon comes in. Also they got attack by Kasimiro. Pedro then stabs Kasimiro using the punyal, that Napoleon used to kill Isidra, and dies. In the end, the Dalaketnons lost, Napoleon went to the Floreshkans, and Bukang Liwayway became the queen of Floreshka. Being the queen, Bukang Liwayway abolished the rule that an encantada/encantado cannot fall in love with a human. In his return, Pedro graduated high school and decides to live as a normal person. Hiyas, on the other hand, asked Bukang Liwayway if she could be a human and live with Pedro in Manila, where he would study college. But at the end Pedro hears an old man calling for him...

Paragraph 5: The main focus of the game, like its predecessor, is to capture Shadow Pokémon and fight with them and also file up their information in pokedex. Shadow Pokémon are captured using the Snag Machine, as in Pokémon Colosseum. In this game there are 83 different Shadow Pokémon to collect. Each Shadow Pokémon has a set of Shadow moves that it knows to give it more variety in combat, which is a significant change from Pokémon Colosseum. Shadow moves can be either physical or special, which is the only type of move that was capable of this in Generation III. This changed once Generation IV brought physical and special moves for each type. These moves often have lower power than their non-Suspicious counterparts, but still inflict more damage due to being super effective. Their usefulness is also increased by not having to use PP when you use a move, as they can be used as often as needed within a single battle. If at some point in the game the player cannot catch a Shadow Pokémon, there is a second chance available: at random points throughout the game an antagonist, Miror B. will appear and have a Shadow Pokémon that the player was not able to catch. Once the player has obtained 82 of the Shadow Pokémon, Miror B. will appear one final time with the final obtainable Shadow Pokémon in the game.

Paragraph 6: The modern wing, which serves as the main section of City Hall, was designed by Raymond Moriyama and built in 1990 as the headquarters of the former Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton. It is located between the Cartier Square Drill Hall and the Ottawa Court House. This section of City Hall contains the Council chamber (known as Andrew Haydon Hall), a large atrium and a number of offices and public services. The front of the building is marked by a large open plaza that faces Confederation Park across Laurier Avenue. The plaza is home to concerts, festivals, and other community events. The grounds have a number of features, including a sound sculpture, fountain and artificial ice-skating pad.

Paragraph 7: The terms of the Territorial Force soldiers were for home service only; they were to be used to garrison the country when the regulars left for overseas. In the summer of 1914 the division was at its annual summer training camp in North Wales when, on 3 August, it received orders to return to the North East. Receiving mobilisation orders the next day, the division arrived at its war station of the coastal defences, railways and dockyards of the Tyne and Wear area. After preparing these defences and undertaking more training, the Territorials volunteered to serve overseas in September. After more training the division was the fourth to be declared fit for service, embarking for France between 16 and 19 April 1915 with orders to concentrate around Steenvoorde.

Paragraph 8: Rick Swan reviewed Vikings Campaign Sourcebook for Dragon magazine #181 (May 1992). Swan considered the book more of an AD&D rules expansion than a campaign sourcebook; calling it "a user-friendly variant, easily digested by DMs and players alike. Though not quite the "new roleplaying experience" it aspires to be, there's plenty of interesting material to enliven an already existing campaign." He felt that the chapters on Viking history and on Viking culture and geopolitics "do little to integrate history and fantasy, together they serve as an informative overview from which the DM may develop his own setting". He noted that the introduction "promises help with adapting Viking culture to the Forgotten Realms, World of Greyhawk, and Dragonlance settings, but either I missed this section or it got lost somewhere along the way. Regardless, not much adaptation is required; Vikings as presented here could exist comfortably in just about any unexplored area on Krynn or Oerth without straining the players' credibility." He calls the trollborn "essentially humans with bad attitudes, a good choice for those with a flair for role-playing antisocial characters". He called the berserker and the runecaster classes "quite appealing and among the book's best features". He called the rune magic "an excellent addition to the AD&D magic rules and, ironically, much better realized than the rune system in the RuneQuest supplement" which was titled Vikings, reviewed in the same column. He bemoaned the lack of campaigning material in the book: "Sadly, there's no material comparable to the RuneQuest supplement's Scenarios Book. Adventure hooks suggest themselves in the chapter on Viking culture, but there are no specific outlines. To get a Viking campaign off the ground, the DM will have to rely on his own imagination, consult one of the reference books in the suggested reading list, or borrow ideas from another game supplement." Swan concluded his review with this evaluation: "Another chapter or two would've pushed this book over the top; notable by their absence are sections on Viking ships and sea travel, Norse mythology (we're referred instead to the 2nd Edition Legends and Lore book), and adventure design. The historical aspects are better presented than those in the RuneQuest supplement, but a game featuring trollborn and berserker warriors can't be taken seriously as a historical simulation. As a set of rule variants, however, it delivers the goods, particularly for AD&D game players who can't get enough new character classes and magic systems."

Paragraph 9: In 1987, Roth celebrated its 800th anniversary, the grounds for doing so being the oldest known document that contains the village's name, one from Rupertsberg Abbey near Bingen from the year 1187. According to this parchment, now kept at the Koblenz State Archive, Archbishop of Mainz Conrad I freed the monastery and its holdings from episcopal taxation and put them under his protection. It seems certain that the "Roth" to which the document refers is indeed the subject of this article ("Roth" is otherwise a very common placename). Even if the document was not sealed, that is to say, never gained the force of law, the presence of that name in its text is still proof that the village existed that long ago. The name also says something about the village's beginnings. It literally means a clearing. What is unusual, though, is that the name does not have a prefix identifying its founder, owner, or leader as most others do, as seen, for instance, in Duchroth, Eckenroth, Gebroth, Kirschroth and Warmsroth, to name only the examples in this district (the last one, for instance, likely indicates a clearing owned by the city of Worms). According to the Germanist Adolf Bach (1890-1972), placenames ending in —rod (a more commonly occurring form) arose in the time from the 10th century to the 14th, and especially in the 12th and 13th, as clearings in woodland areas with more than 150 frost days each year, making their locations rather less favourable than places that had arisen in the treeless areas of the original landscape. It can thus be concluded that Roth likely arose not too long before this 1187 first documentary mention. Roth was originally laid out in the "original municipal area" of Waldlaubersheim. The Viergemeindewald ("Four-Municipality Forest") on which lie not only Roth but also Waldlaubersheim, Genheim (now a constituent community of Waldalgesheim), Warmsroth and Wald-Erbach, bears witness to the village's membership in this greater municipal area after 1589. In his Urkundliche Geschichte ("Documentary History"), Father Wagner cites from Rupertsberg Abbey's general directory of holdings (1200-1270) that Roth had to pay the abbey 11 Unzen and 6 Denare in rent on Martinmas (11 November), a contribution that may well hint at the holding's small significance. The jurisdiction by Schöffen (roughly "lay jurists") in Roth in those days was exercised by Hermanus von Genheim for Rodenkirchen (or Rothenkirchen) Abbey near Kirchheimbolanden. For the income that was bound with this, he and his wife Adelheid had to pay 20 Denare in interest. As a document filled out in Mainz has it, the knight Sir Heinrich of Glymendail and his wife Christina – who seemingly held a great many landholds in Roth – donated "produce benefits at Rod (Roth)" to Rupertsberg Abbey in 1283 to keep their memory alive with yearly Masses on the anniversaries of their deaths, and also donated further holdings near the village of Rod against a yearly annuity of 20 Malter of corn (likely either wheat or rye). Besides Rupertsberg Abbey, a lord from Brandenburg (now in Luxembourg) must also have owned an estate in Roth until 1417. In 1589, ten households were counted in Roth. The tithes were split between the Junker of Schönburg (Oberwesel), who got a two-thirds share, and the chaplain at Stromberg, who got the remaining third. Before the Reformation, the chaplain's third belonged to Rodenkirchen Abbey, and Roth itself belonged to the parish of  Waldlaubersheim. Administratively, Roth, along with Genheim, which through its amalgamation with Waldalgesheim was removed from this historical tie, and Eckenroth belonged quite early on to the Stromburg (the castle above the town of Stromberg), which itself was under royal or Imperial ownership until 1156. In that year, Roth, along with the Stromburg, passed into the Counts Palatine's hands. It is thus understandable that even by 1410, the town of Bingen was offering the Roth villagers shelter within its walls in times when they were under attack. For this service, they had to contribute towards maintaining the fortifications and for the town's actual defence. While the number of households in Roth in 1589 had been, as mentioned above, ten, by 1789 – the year when the French Revolution broke out – it had only grown to 14.

Paragraph 10: Hrdlička was born at Humpolec house 393 on 30 March 1869 and baptized Catholic the next day at the Kostel svatého Mikuláše. His mother, Karolína Hrdličková, educated her child herself; his skills and knowledge made it possible to skip the primary level of school. When he was 13, Hrdlička arrived in New York with his father Maxmilian Hrdlička on 10 September 1881 via the SS Elbe from Bremen. His mother and three younger siblings emigrated to the U.S. separately. After arrival, the promised job brought only a disappointment to his father who started working in a cigar factory along with teenaged Alois to earn living for the family with six other children. Young Hrdlička attended evening courses to improve his English, and at the age of 18, he decided to study medicine since he had suffered from tuberculosis and experienced the treatment difficulties of those times. In 1889, Hrdlička began studies at Eclectic Medical College and then continued at Homeopatic College in New York. To finish his medical studies, Hrdlička sat for exams in Baltimore in 1894. At first, he worked in the Middletown asylum for mentally affected where he learnt of anthropometry. In 1896, Hrdlička left for Paris, where he started to work as an anthropologist with other experts of then establishing field of science.

Paragraph 11: He wrote songs with Tony Crombie before working in 1961 as A&R man at Decca Records, the youngest in the country, at 20, in the post. His first production, "Love is Like A Violin" sung by Ken Dodd, went to #8 in the UK Singles Chart. It was followed by hits with Mark Wynter; plus Rhet Stoller's "Chariot", which reached #26 in the UK. Wharton gave much needed work to jazz musicians, at a time when they were out of fashion and struggling to find work, by producing a pioneering stereophonic album, Sweet Wide and Blue, with Stan Tracy (Piano), Victor Feldman (vibes), Lenny Bush (bass), Tony Crombie (drums) and others. He also recorded albums and singles with Mantovani, Winifred Atwell, and several other Decca labelmates before leaving Decca, disillusioned, and finally outraged when he was not allowed to produce "Portrait of My Love" with Matt Monro due to 'office politics'. The song was thereafter released by Parlophone and peaked at #3 in the UK chart.  He returned to acting and travelled to South Africa to visit Mickie Most who he helped and encouraged to produce his own records, and taught to handle a mixing desk in the studios there.

Paragraph 12: In this story (within a story), a boy named Tim Ross lives with his mother Nell in a forgotten village that fears the annual collection of property taxes by a man named The Covenant Man. Tim recently lost his father, who was said to have been killed by a dragon while in the woods chopping trees. After the death of his father, Nell, no longer able to pay the taxes to keep their home, marries his father's best friend and business partner Bern Kells, who moves in with them. Kells is a mean man, prone to heavy drinking, who begins to abuse both Tim and Nell. One day The Covenant Man comes to collect the taxes, and he secretly tells Tim to meet him later in the woods. During this meeting, The Covenant Man reveals to Tim that it was actually Kells who killed his father, not a dragon, and with help of a scrying bowl shows Kells beating his mother, causing her to go blind. Later, The Covenant Man sends Tim a vision telling him that if Tim again visits The Covenant Man in the woods, he will give Tim magic that will allow his mother to see again. Tim, armed with a gun given to him by his school teacher, journeys into the dangerous woods, and is led into a swamp by the mischievous fairy, Armaneeta. Here, Tim almost becomes victim to a dragon and other mysterious swamp creatures, but he is saved by his gun as well as a group of friendly swamp people, who mistake him for a gunslinger. The swamp people guide him to the far side of the swamp, and equip him with a small mechanical talking device from the 'Old People' that helps guide him on his journey. Eventually, Tim arrives at a Dogan where he finds a caged 'tyger', which wears the key to the Dogan around its neck. A starkblast approaches, and Tim, realizing this is likely a trap set for him by The Covenant Man, befriends the tyger. Tim and the tyger ride out the storm under a magical protective blanket. The next morning, Tim discovers that the tyger is actually Maerlyn, a white magician, who had been trapped in the cage for years due to black magic. Maerlyn gives Tim a potion to cure his mother's blindness and sends him back to his mother on the flying magic blanket. Returning home, Tim brings sight back to his mother. Tim is attacked by Kells, who had secretly entered the home as Tim tended to his mother, but the boy is saved by his mother, who kills Kells with her late husband's ax.

Paragraph 13: In the basement, while Hook contemplates an escape, Zelena says that her anti-magic cuff is the real problem. Hook says he has magic in his hook but says that the last time he helped her, she betrayed him. She says that even though he doesn't know if he can trust her, he has no choice now. He slips off the cuff and she gets rid of her shackles, and puts herself into a fresh outfit, before coming over to Hook and undoing his shackles. Zelena tells Hook they have to sneak out the back, but Hook says he's not going. When Zelena questions why, Hook says he needs to stop Emma, and Zelena bids him goodbye. Hook searches Emma's house and takes a painting off the wall, but then Emma comes in, saying that she was trying to help Hook. Hook finds the squid ink on the back of the painting and splashes her with it, saying that she's a villain now, like Regina said. He says she has to tell him what happened in Camelot, but Emma says that he can't make her. Zelena returns and says she that she couldn't leave without making the Dark One pay. Zelena stabs Hook in the chest, but he doesn't bleed or suffer any wounds, and he demands to know what's happening. She says she found a Dreamcatcher outside, which can explain what happened. Emma whispers to him not to trust her and that she can explain everything. Hook tells Zelena to do it and she shows him. The Dreamcatcher shows Hook his memories in Camelot, before showing him the events involving his current situation. It turns out that Hook was fatally wounded by Excalibur, and in order to save him, Emma tethered his life to Excalibur, which turned him into another Dark One. Emma tells him that she's sorry and says she had no choice. Hook says there must be another explanation. Zelena hands Hook the re-united Excalibur and she removes a glamour spell, and shows him that his name is on the bottom part of the sword while Emma's name is on the dagger end, gloating about them being "the Dark Ones." Emma says she wanted to make up for this, and says that her plan was the only way to get rid of the darkness in both of them. She says all she did was to try to save him, but Hook is enraged, saying, "So much for our future, Swan." Zelena asks if he's ready to find out what else happened in Camelot and he says yes, much to Emma's dismay. But Hook tells Zelena that first, they have to take care of Emma.

Paragraph 14: In the later part of 18th century, the Kingdom of Assam in Assam was wreaked by series of rebellions. The Moamoria rebellion in Upper Assam and the Dundiya rebellion in Western Assam severely weakened the Kingdom of Ahom due to loss of lives and property. The Prime Minister Purnananda Burhagohain tried his best to reestablish Ahom rule over the region. With great efforts, he finally suppressed all the rebellions, and firmly established the royal authority over the kingdom. For smooth functioning of administration or to consolidate his power, he appointed all his relatives in high posts of the Kingdom of Ahom. Badan Chandra Borphukan, the governor of Guwahati, was anxious of the growing power of Purnananda Burhagohain. At first, he tried to make friendship with Purnananda Burhagohain. He gave his daughter Pijou Gabhoru to Purnananda's son, Urekhanath Dhekial Phukan along with a huge amount of gold ornaments and utensils as dowry. The move backfired when Purnananda Burhagohain expressed his displeasure and suspected Badan Chandra Borphukan of misusing his office. Angered by the behaviour of Purnananda Burhagohain, Badan Chandra Borphukan encouraged conspirators in the capital Jorhat with the aim to assassinate Purnananda Burhagohain. The conspiracy failed and the conspirators were punished. The alleged link of Badan Chandra Borphukan with the conspirators got revealed. Meanwhile, the people of Western Assam, complained Burhagohain about the atrocities committed by Badan Chandra Borphukan and his two sons, Janmi and Piyoli. Finally in 1815 CE, Purnananda Burhagohain decided to act and he send a deputation with orders to arrest Badan Chandra Borphukan and bring him to the capital Jorhat for justice. Pijou Gabhoru, the daughter-in-law of Purnananda Burhagohain, who was also the daughter of Badan Chandra Borphukan, sent an early message to her father, warning him of the impending danger. Warned by his daughter, Badan Chandra Borphukan escaped to Bengal, which was under British rule. Burhagohain's men caught him at Chilmari in Bengal, but he again escaped with the help of local Thanedar or Police officer. He went to Calcutta and visited the Governor General Lord Hastings with the plea for help to oust Purnananda Burhagohain. The Governor-General declined his plea stating their Policy of Non-interference in the internal matter of another kingdom. Around that time, Badan Chandra[Borphukan met the envoy of Burmese King Bodawpaya, who was on a visit at Calcutta. The envoy, after hearing his plea took him to Burma and fixed an appointment with Bodawpaya.

Paragraph 15: In the basement, while Hook contemplates an escape, Zelena says that her anti-magic cuff is the real problem. Hook says he has magic in his hook but says that the last time he helped her, she betrayed him. She says that even though he doesn't know if he can trust her, he has no choice now. He slips off the cuff and she gets rid of her shackles, and puts herself into a fresh outfit, before coming over to Hook and undoing his shackles. Zelena tells Hook they have to sneak out the back, but Hook says he's not going. When Zelena questions why, Hook says he needs to stop Emma, and Zelena bids him goodbye. Hook searches Emma's house and takes a painting off the wall, but then Emma comes in, saying that she was trying to help Hook. Hook finds the squid ink on the back of the painting and splashes her with it, saying that she's a villain now, like Regina said. He says she has to tell him what happened in Camelot, but Emma says that he can't make her. Zelena returns and says she that she couldn't leave without making the Dark One pay. Zelena stabs Hook in the chest, but he doesn't bleed or suffer any wounds, and he demands to know what's happening. She says she found a Dreamcatcher outside, which can explain what happened. Emma whispers to him not to trust her and that she can explain everything. Hook tells Zelena to do it and she shows him. The Dreamcatcher shows Hook his memories in Camelot, before showing him the events involving his current situation. It turns out that Hook was fatally wounded by Excalibur, and in order to save him, Emma tethered his life to Excalibur, which turned him into another Dark One. Emma tells him that she's sorry and says she had no choice. Hook says there must be another explanation. Zelena hands Hook the re-united Excalibur and she removes a glamour spell, and shows him that his name is on the bottom part of the sword while Emma's name is on the dagger end, gloating about them being "the Dark Ones." Emma says she wanted to make up for this, and says that her plan was the only way to get rid of the darkness in both of them. She says all she did was to try to save him, but Hook is enraged, saying, "So much for our future, Swan." Zelena asks if he's ready to find out what else happened in Camelot and he says yes, much to Emma's dismay. But Hook tells Zelena that first, they have to take care of Emma.

Paragraph 16: In 1987, Roth celebrated its 800th anniversary, the grounds for doing so being the oldest known document that contains the village's name, one from Rupertsberg Abbey near Bingen from the year 1187. According to this parchment, now kept at the Koblenz State Archive, Archbishop of Mainz Conrad I freed the monastery and its holdings from episcopal taxation and put them under his protection. It seems certain that the "Roth" to which the document refers is indeed the subject of this article ("Roth" is otherwise a very common placename). Even if the document was not sealed, that is to say, never gained the force of law, the presence of that name in its text is still proof that the village existed that long ago. The name also says something about the village's beginnings. It literally means a clearing. What is unusual, though, is that the name does not have a prefix identifying its founder, owner, or leader as most others do, as seen, for instance, in Duchroth, Eckenroth, Gebroth, Kirschroth and Warmsroth, to name only the examples in this district (the last one, for instance, likely indicates a clearing owned by the city of Worms). According to the Germanist Adolf Bach (1890-1972), placenames ending in —rod (a more commonly occurring form) arose in the time from the 10th century to the 14th, and especially in the 12th and 13th, as clearings in woodland areas with more than 150 frost days each year, making their locations rather less favourable than places that had arisen in the treeless areas of the original landscape. It can thus be concluded that Roth likely arose not too long before this 1187 first documentary mention. Roth was originally laid out in the "original municipal area" of Waldlaubersheim. The Viergemeindewald ("Four-Municipality Forest") on which lie not only Roth but also Waldlaubersheim, Genheim (now a constituent community of Waldalgesheim), Warmsroth and Wald-Erbach, bears witness to the village's membership in this greater municipal area after 1589. In his Urkundliche Geschichte ("Documentary History"), Father Wagner cites from Rupertsberg Abbey's general directory of holdings (1200-1270) that Roth had to pay the abbey 11 Unzen and 6 Denare in rent on Martinmas (11 November), a contribution that may well hint at the holding's small significance. The jurisdiction by Schöffen (roughly "lay jurists") in Roth in those days was exercised by Hermanus von Genheim for Rodenkirchen (or Rothenkirchen) Abbey near Kirchheimbolanden. For the income that was bound with this, he and his wife Adelheid had to pay 20 Denare in interest. As a document filled out in Mainz has it, the knight Sir Heinrich of Glymendail and his wife Christina – who seemingly held a great many landholds in Roth – donated "produce benefits at Rod (Roth)" to Rupertsberg Abbey in 1283 to keep their memory alive with yearly Masses on the anniversaries of their deaths, and also donated further holdings near the village of Rod against a yearly annuity of 20 Malter of corn (likely either wheat or rye). Besides Rupertsberg Abbey, a lord from Brandenburg (now in Luxembourg) must also have owned an estate in Roth until 1417. In 1589, ten households were counted in Roth. The tithes were split between the Junker of Schönburg (Oberwesel), who got a two-thirds share, and the chaplain at Stromberg, who got the remaining third. Before the Reformation, the chaplain's third belonged to Rodenkirchen Abbey, and Roth itself belonged to the parish of  Waldlaubersheim. Administratively, Roth, along with Genheim, which through its amalgamation with Waldalgesheim was removed from this historical tie, and Eckenroth belonged quite early on to the Stromburg (the castle above the town of Stromberg), which itself was under royal or Imperial ownership until 1156. In that year, Roth, along with the Stromburg, passed into the Counts Palatine's hands. It is thus understandable that even by 1410, the town of Bingen was offering the Roth villagers shelter within its walls in times when they were under attack. For this service, they had to contribute towards maintaining the fortifications and for the town's actual defence. While the number of households in Roth in 1589 had been, as mentioned above, ten, by 1789 – the year when the French Revolution broke out – it had only grown to 14.

Paragraph 17: Early on September 17, Weather Bureau offices began issuing storm warnings from Beaufort, North Carolina, to the Virginia capes. In North Carolina, the hurricane produced winds of up to  in Manteo. Described as one of the worst hurricanes in record in Hatteras, the storm resulted in $25,000 in damage (1936 USD) to roads and bridges and $30,000 in damage (1936 USD) to buildings and piers. Very high tides were reported along the Outer Banks, with Nags Head losing about  of beach. The hurricane destroyed the highway bridge along the Currituck Sound, and resulted in heavy crop damage in northeastern North Carolina. The hurricane was also considered among the worst hurricanes on record in the Norfolk, Virginia, area. Winds of up to  at Cape Henry destroyed windows, roofs, and some entire buildings, resulting in around $500,000 in damage (1936 USD). The hurricane produced a storm tide of  in Sewell's Point, Virginia, the second highest on record at that location. Two locations along the James River experienced record crest levels of over . Rough seas washed several boats ashore, and shipping was cancelled in and out of Norfolk. The hurricane resulted in cancelled train service and increased traffic. The hurricane was indirectly responsible for two casualties. The first fatality occurred when debris from the hurricane struck a person in the head and later died. Another person drowned in the Elizabeth River in an effort to recover a rowboat blown adrift. Though hurricane warnings were posted for the northeast United States and hurricane-force winds occurred there, damage, if any, is unknown. Extensive property damage was reported in Nova Scotia. Up to  of precipitation washed out a number of bridges, roads, and railroad tracks, causing two train derailments. Dozens of cars stalled, while slick roads resulted in several vehicular accidents. Crops also suffered significant damage, with thousands of dollars in losses to grain alone in Annapolis Valley. One person drowned in Antigonish while swimming in a lake that swelled to about twice its normal size. In Newfoundland, rough seas capsized a few boats, causing two deaths, while two fishing stages were also destroyed. Overall, the extratropical remnants of this hurricane caused five fatalities in Atlantic Canada.

Paragraph 18: The source of the commotion is a group of men pursuing a young woman who is swimming frantically away from the other ship. Templar rescues the woman who, after some considerable hesitation, identifies herself as Loretta Page, a private detective who is investigating the mysterious disappearance of sunken treasure from the Atlantic. When she learns her rescuer is The Saint, she enlists his help in tracking down a group of modern-day pirates. These pirates, led by Kurt Vogel, are using newly developed bathyscape technology to reach the sea floor and scour recent shipwrecks for gold and other booty before officially sanctioned salvage operations arrive. And Vogel is not against committing cold-blooded murder to keep his operation going.

Paragraph 19: Calling the account given below in this section, in his chapter "The Race That Did Not Happen," author Ed Rice, in his book Native Trailblazer  states the year itself, 1916, is damning to all the details. He gives five reasons why this race could not have occurred, starting with the fact that, in the summer of 1913, Sockalexis became a professional runner. He could no longer go to amateur races, and DeMar would have forfeited his amateur status if he raced against Sockalexis at any time after 1913. Since DeMar won six of his men's record seven victories at the Boston Marathon starting in the early 1920s that alone makes the account a complete myth and fabrication. Further, DeMar was detected as having a heart murmur at the 1911 Boston Marathon and, for both personal and moral reasons (World War I) he took a long hiatus from long distance running all during the teen years (see DeMar's own autobiography, "Marathon: The Clarence DeMar Story"). For his part, Andrew Sockalexis suffered bouts with sickness in both 1912 and 1913, growing so sick that he was first institutionalized for the tuberculosis in 1914 that would ultimately kill him in 1919. There was even a Sockalexis Tag Day in Bangor in 1914 to help with his medical costs. There is no evidence he ever raced again. This following account seems to be blending in facts from a 1912 19-mile run from Old Town to Bangor where DeMar won and Sockalexis finished second...and a 1913 Memorial Day 15-mile run in Bangor where Sockalexis collapsed on the track in his 10th mile, DeMar finished in seventh place and the race was won by Clifton Horne from the greater Boston area. So, for all of the above reasons, nothing in the following account is true. "In 1916, Andrew ran his last race. It was a 15-mile race from Old Town to Bangor.  Andrew was suffering from a severe cold and complained of chest pains. Against his doctor's warnings, Andrew insisted on running the race.  Andrew ran with the bad cold and ahead of the field of runners from the start of the race. As they came to the 12 mile marker, Andrew was ahead of his friend Clarence DeMar by a couple of hundred yards and was easily going to win the race.  Andrew crossed the finish line in Bangor and as he stopped running, he started to cough up blood and collapsed.  Soon after the race, Andrew was diagnosed with tuberculosis, a disease that had plagued his family. Andrew was very sick for three years and in the summer of 1919, he died in the town of South Paris, Maine at the age of 27.

Paragraph 20: Surahs in the Qur'an are not arranged in the chronological order of revelation because the order of the wahy or chronological order of revelation is not a textual part of the Quran.  Muhammad told his followers sahaba the placement in Quranic order of every Wahy revealed along with the original text of Quran. Wm Theodore de Bary, an East Asian studies expert, describes that "The final process of collection and codification of the Quran text was guided by one over-arching principle: God's words must not in any way be distorted or sullied by human intervention. For this reason, no serious attempt, apparently, was made to edit the numerous revelations, organize them into thematic units, or present them in chronological order....". The manuscript, or version, of the Quran we see today was compiled by Uthman, the third caliph (reign 644 to 656); a caliph being the political leader of a Caliphate (Islamic government).Before Uthman canonized the Quran there were different versions or codices, none of which exist today. These codices never gained general approval and were viewed by Muslims as the personal copies of individuals. However, "the search for variants in the partial versions extant before the Caliph Uthman's alleged recension in the 640s has not yielded any differences of great significance".

Paragraph 21: He wrote songs with Tony Crombie before working in 1961 as A&R man at Decca Records, the youngest in the country, at 20, in the post. His first production, "Love is Like A Violin" sung by Ken Dodd, went to #8 in the UK Singles Chart. It was followed by hits with Mark Wynter; plus Rhet Stoller's "Chariot", which reached #26 in the UK. Wharton gave much needed work to jazz musicians, at a time when they were out of fashion and struggling to find work, by producing a pioneering stereophonic album, Sweet Wide and Blue, with Stan Tracy (Piano), Victor Feldman (vibes), Lenny Bush (bass), Tony Crombie (drums) and others. He also recorded albums and singles with Mantovani, Winifred Atwell, and several other Decca labelmates before leaving Decca, disillusioned, and finally outraged when he was not allowed to produce "Portrait of My Love" with Matt Monro due to 'office politics'. The song was thereafter released by Parlophone and peaked at #3 in the UK chart.  He returned to acting and travelled to South Africa to visit Mickie Most who he helped and encouraged to produce his own records, and taught to handle a mixing desk in the studios there.

Paragraph 22: At seven o'clock on the morning of 29 August work on the hull was carried out and Royal George was heeled over by rolling the ship's starboard guns into the centreline of the ship. This caused the ship to tilt over in the water to port.  Further, the loading of a large number of casks of rum on the now-low port side created additional and, it turned out, unstable weight. The ship was heeled over too far, passing her centre of gravity. Realising that the ship was settling in the water, the ship's carpenter informed the lieutenant of the watch, Monin Hollingbery, and asked him to beat the drum to signal to the men to right the ship.  The officer refused.  As the situation worsened, the carpenter implored the officer a second time.  A second time he was refused.  The carpenter then took his concern directly to the ship's captain, who agreed with him and gave the order to move the guns back into position.  By this time, however, the ship had already taken on too much water through its port-side gun ports, and the drum was never sounded.  The ship tilted heavily to port, causing a sudden inrush of water and a burst of air out the starboard side. The barge along the port side which had been unloading the rum was caught in the masts as the ship turned, briefly delaying the sinking, but losing most of her crew. Royal George quickly filled with water and sank, taking with her around 900 people, including up to 300 women and 60 children who were visiting the ship in harbour. 255 people were saved, including eleven women and one child. Some escaped by running up the rigging, while others were picked up by boats from other vessels. Kempenfelt was writing in his cabin when the ship sank; the cabin doors had jammed because of the ship's heeling and he perished. Waghorn was injured and thrown into the water, but he was rescued.  The carpenter survived the sinking, but died less than a day later, never having regained consciousness. Hollingbery also survived.

Paragraph 23: In the basement, while Hook contemplates an escape, Zelena says that her anti-magic cuff is the real problem. Hook says he has magic in his hook but says that the last time he helped her, she betrayed him. She says that even though he doesn't know if he can trust her, he has no choice now. He slips off the cuff and she gets rid of her shackles, and puts herself into a fresh outfit, before coming over to Hook and undoing his shackles. Zelena tells Hook they have to sneak out the back, but Hook says he's not going. When Zelena questions why, Hook says he needs to stop Emma, and Zelena bids him goodbye. Hook searches Emma's house and takes a painting off the wall, but then Emma comes in, saying that she was trying to help Hook. Hook finds the squid ink on the back of the painting and splashes her with it, saying that she's a villain now, like Regina said. He says she has to tell him what happened in Camelot, but Emma says that he can't make her. Zelena returns and says she that she couldn't leave without making the Dark One pay. Zelena stabs Hook in the chest, but he doesn't bleed or suffer any wounds, and he demands to know what's happening. She says she found a Dreamcatcher outside, which can explain what happened. Emma whispers to him not to trust her and that she can explain everything. Hook tells Zelena to do it and she shows him. The Dreamcatcher shows Hook his memories in Camelot, before showing him the events involving his current situation. It turns out that Hook was fatally wounded by Excalibur, and in order to save him, Emma tethered his life to Excalibur, which turned him into another Dark One. Emma tells him that she's sorry and says she had no choice. Hook says there must be another explanation. Zelena hands Hook the re-united Excalibur and she removes a glamour spell, and shows him that his name is on the bottom part of the sword while Emma's name is on the dagger end, gloating about them being "the Dark Ones." Emma says she wanted to make up for this, and says that her plan was the only way to get rid of the darkness in both of them. She says all she did was to try to save him, but Hook is enraged, saying, "So much for our future, Swan." Zelena asks if he's ready to find out what else happened in Camelot and he says yes, much to Emma's dismay. But Hook tells Zelena that first, they have to take care of Emma.

Paragraph 24: Nine days after the landing of William of Orange Lord Cornbury deserted from the King to him (14 November), a turning point; and very difficult for Clarendon. (Mary, wife of William, was Henry's niece.) In the council of peers called by the King on his return to discuss the question of summoning a free parliament (27 November) Clarendon argued against the royal policy; and on 1 December he set out for Salisbury to make his peace with William. On 3 December he had an interview with William at Berwick, near Hindon, Wiltshire, and offered him his support. He was present at the Hungerford conference on 8 December, and followed the advance of the prince as far as Henley, where, on 13 December he obtained leave of absence. By the prince's desire he waited on him again at Windsor on 16 December, and presented to him his brother Rochester. It was at the conference held at Windsor that Clarendon was said to have suggested the confinement of King James to the Tower; while, according to Gilbert Burnet he proposed his relegation to Breda. He himself declared that, except at the Windsor meeting, he had never been present at any discussion about what should be done with King James, but that he was against the king being sent away. He was informed by William himself that the King had fled.

Paragraph 25: The modern wing, which serves as the main section of City Hall, was designed by Raymond Moriyama and built in 1990 as the headquarters of the former Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton. It is located between the Cartier Square Drill Hall and the Ottawa Court House. This section of City Hall contains the Council chamber (known as Andrew Haydon Hall), a large atrium and a number of offices and public services. The front of the building is marked by a large open plaza that faces Confederation Park across Laurier Avenue. The plaza is home to concerts, festivals, and other community events. The grounds have a number of features, including a sound sculpture, fountain and artificial ice-skating pad.

Paragraph 26: After writing and rehearsing new material throughout 1997, the Toadies began recording a new album in Austin, Texas with Butthole Surfers guitarist Paul Leary as producer in January 1998. The album, which would later be known as Feeler, resulted in the band recording 14 songs. Feeler was a stylistic departure for the band, and their attempt to make was "a more mature record". However, Interscope was dissatisfied with the material coming out of the album's recording sessions and rejected the album several times, forcing the band to tweak their songs. The album's recording was finished in April 1998, and was given a tentative release date of late summer 1998. Unfortunately, as Feeler's sessions had taken longer than expected due to the constant tweaking, the band had missed their scheduled time to have the album mixed by Andy Wallace. Subsequently, while waiting for someone to mix the album, the band wrote and/or included five more songs for consideration on the album, and its release date was moved back to around early 1999. As no one else ended up taking on the role of mixing the album, the Toadies handed the label an unmixed and unmastered version of the album. Upon receiving the final album, Interscope withheld Feeler from release, unhappy with the album's perceived change in sound. After the album's rejection, the band, who now faced writers' block and were generally unhappy with the album's "mechanical" production, decided to scrap Feeler completely.

Paragraph 27: Yudhishthira and the dog continue their journey. In Chapter 3 of Mahaprasthanika Parva, as the dog and Yudhishthira continue their walk up Mount Meru, Indra appears in his chariot with a loud sound, suggesting he doesn't need to walk all the way, he can jump in and together they can go to heaven. Yudhishthira refuses, says he could not go to heaven with Indra without his brothers and Draupadi. Indra tells Yudhishthira, all of them after their death, entered heaven. Yudhishthira asks if his friend, the dog, to jump into the car first. Indra replies that the dog cannot enter his chariot, only Yudhishthira can. Yudhishthira refuses to leave the dog. He claims the dog is his friend, and for him to betray his friend during his life's journey would be a great sin. Indra says that after abandoning his brothers and wife, he had acquired great merit, then why be stupefied by a dog, he is renouncing everything. Yudhishthira said that there is neither friendship nor enmity with those that are dead. When his brothers and Draupadi died, he was unable to revive them, hence he abandoned them. However, he cannot abandon the one who is alive beside him. Indra urges him to consider his own happiness, abandon the dog and hop into his chariot. Yudhishthira refuses to go into the chariot, explaining he cannot abandon the dog who is his companion, for his own happiness, while he is alive. The dog, watching Yudhishthira's commitment for his friend, transforms and reappears as deity Dharma. The deity Dharma then praises Yudhishthira for his virtues. Dharma tells him that formerly, during their exile in the woods, where his brothers of great pride met with death, disregarding his love for his brothers, he asked him to revive Nakula, and passed his trial. Again on this occasion, thinking the dog to be devoted to him, he had renounced the very chariot of the celestials instead of renouncing him. Hence, there is no one in heaven equal to him, and had earned regions of great felicity. Then they all proceed to heaven. On their way they meet Narada who tells them that Yudhishthira had transcended the achievements of even the royal sages. He had heard none else other than him to achieve this, attaining to heaven with a human body. The righteous-souled king, saluting the deities, proceeded forward. Yudhishthira enters heaven on Indra's chariot.

Paragraph 28: Calling the account given below in this section, in his chapter "The Race That Did Not Happen," author Ed Rice, in his book Native Trailblazer  states the year itself, 1916, is damning to all the details. He gives five reasons why this race could not have occurred, starting with the fact that, in the summer of 1913, Sockalexis became a professional runner. He could no longer go to amateur races, and DeMar would have forfeited his amateur status if he raced against Sockalexis at any time after 1913. Since DeMar won six of his men's record seven victories at the Boston Marathon starting in the early 1920s that alone makes the account a complete myth and fabrication. Further, DeMar was detected as having a heart murmur at the 1911 Boston Marathon and, for both personal and moral reasons (World War I) he took a long hiatus from long distance running all during the teen years (see DeMar's own autobiography, "Marathon: The Clarence DeMar Story"). For his part, Andrew Sockalexis suffered bouts with sickness in both 1912 and 1913, growing so sick that he was first institutionalized for the tuberculosis in 1914 that would ultimately kill him in 1919. There was even a Sockalexis Tag Day in Bangor in 1914 to help with his medical costs. There is no evidence he ever raced again. This following account seems to be blending in facts from a 1912 19-mile run from Old Town to Bangor where DeMar won and Sockalexis finished second...and a 1913 Memorial Day 15-mile run in Bangor where Sockalexis collapsed on the track in his 10th mile, DeMar finished in seventh place and the race was won by Clifton Horne from the greater Boston area. So, for all of the above reasons, nothing in the following account is true. "In 1916, Andrew ran his last race. It was a 15-mile race from Old Town to Bangor.  Andrew was suffering from a severe cold and complained of chest pains. Against his doctor's warnings, Andrew insisted on running the race.  Andrew ran with the bad cold and ahead of the field of runners from the start of the race. As they came to the 12 mile marker, Andrew was ahead of his friend Clarence DeMar by a couple of hundred yards and was easily going to win the race.  Andrew crossed the finish line in Bangor and as he stopped running, he started to cough up blood and collapsed.  Soon after the race, Andrew was diagnosed with tuberculosis, a disease that had plagued his family. Andrew was very sick for three years and in the summer of 1919, he died in the town of South Paris, Maine at the age of 27.

Paragraph 29: He wrote songs with Tony Crombie before working in 1961 as A&R man at Decca Records, the youngest in the country, at 20, in the post. His first production, "Love is Like A Violin" sung by Ken Dodd, went to #8 in the UK Singles Chart. It was followed by hits with Mark Wynter; plus Rhet Stoller's "Chariot", which reached #26 in the UK. Wharton gave much needed work to jazz musicians, at a time when they were out of fashion and struggling to find work, by producing a pioneering stereophonic album, Sweet Wide and Blue, with Stan Tracy (Piano), Victor Feldman (vibes), Lenny Bush (bass), Tony Crombie (drums) and others. He also recorded albums and singles with Mantovani, Winifred Atwell, and several other Decca labelmates before leaving Decca, disillusioned, and finally outraged when he was not allowed to produce "Portrait of My Love" with Matt Monro due to 'office politics'. The song was thereafter released by Parlophone and peaked at #3 in the UK chart.  He returned to acting and travelled to South Africa to visit Mickie Most who he helped and encouraged to produce his own records, and taught to handle a mixing desk in the studios there.

Paragraph 30: Just right when they came back from Kalalawdan, Pantas takes on a revenge on the Penduko family. Pantas stabs Juan, who later died. In return, Pedro made Pantas swallow the last stone of his mutya, that made him explode to death. Pedro, then decided to go to Floreshka to see Hiyas agrees to get married with Napoleon in order to save her life and her soul from the curse of the black mutya. On the other hand, Haddi and Kasimiro plans on taking Hiyas and Napoleon to  Tarusay, where they can be alone and learn to love each other. Not knowing by anyone, Kasimiro and Isidra are planning something on the day of Hiyas and Napoleon's wedding. Pedro, however, tries to stop the wedding by going to Tarusay. Haddi, therefore decided to make the wedding earlier and asked both the Floreshkan and Dalaketnon armies to capture Pedro and put him in jail, so the wedding will not be resumed. Maalindog and Marikit heard the conversation of Kasimiro and Isidra, but they got caught. Maalindog turned into a sunflower by Isidra, while Marikit escaped and helped Pedro get out of the jail and tells Haddi about Kasimiro and Isidra's plan on capturing Floreshka. In the beginning of the wedding, Kasimiro decided to leave and let Isidra takes care of the wedding. In the middle of the ceremony, Isidra was about to attack Hiyas, but Haddi got in the way protecting her daughter, leading to his death. The Floreshkans fought back to the Dalaketnons, and turned into a war. A revelation was later revealed when Juan (who died earlier in the story) returns, but not as a human, as a Floreshkan. Pedro was shocked when he saw his father, but Bukang Liwayway explained that she and Haddi went into an agreement that Juan's body will be killed but his soul will be alive and be a Floreshkan. As the war goes on, Isidra is killed by Napoleon using the punyal, Pedro and Hiyas goes back to Tulay-buhangin and there they faced the different creatures that Pedro once fought. Suddenly, Kasimiro appears and attacks Pedro and Hiyas, but Bukang Liwayway, Juan and Napoleon comes in. Also they got attack by Kasimiro. Pedro then stabs Kasimiro using the punyal, that Napoleon used to kill Isidra, and dies. In the end, the Dalaketnons lost, Napoleon went to the Floreshkans, and Bukang Liwayway became the queen of Floreshka. Being the queen, Bukang Liwayway abolished the rule that an encantada/encantado cannot fall in love with a human. In his return, Pedro graduated high school and decides to live as a normal person. Hiyas, on the other hand, asked Bukang Liwayway if she could be a human and live with Pedro in Manila, where he would study college. But at the end Pedro hears an old man calling for him...

Paragraph 31: At seven o'clock on the morning of 29 August work on the hull was carried out and Royal George was heeled over by rolling the ship's starboard guns into the centreline of the ship. This caused the ship to tilt over in the water to port.  Further, the loading of a large number of casks of rum on the now-low port side created additional and, it turned out, unstable weight. The ship was heeled over too far, passing her centre of gravity. Realising that the ship was settling in the water, the ship's carpenter informed the lieutenant of the watch, Monin Hollingbery, and asked him to beat the drum to signal to the men to right the ship.  The officer refused.  As the situation worsened, the carpenter implored the officer a second time.  A second time he was refused.  The carpenter then took his concern directly to the ship's captain, who agreed with him and gave the order to move the guns back into position.  By this time, however, the ship had already taken on too much water through its port-side gun ports, and the drum was never sounded.  The ship tilted heavily to port, causing a sudden inrush of water and a burst of air out the starboard side. The barge along the port side which had been unloading the rum was caught in the masts as the ship turned, briefly delaying the sinking, but losing most of her crew. Royal George quickly filled with water and sank, taking with her around 900 people, including up to 300 women and 60 children who were visiting the ship in harbour. 255 people were saved, including eleven women and one child. Some escaped by running up the rigging, while others were picked up by boats from other vessels. Kempenfelt was writing in his cabin when the ship sank; the cabin doors had jammed because of the ship's heeling and he perished. Waghorn was injured and thrown into the water, but he was rescued.  The carpenter survived the sinking, but died less than a day later, never having regained consciousness. Hollingbery also survived.

Paragraph 32: From then until the dawn of the French Revolution, English modes of decoration in bookplates generally followed French trends. The main characteristics of the style which prevailed during the Queen Anne and early Georgian periods are: ornamental frames suggestive of carved oak; a frequent use of fish-scales; trellis or diapered patterns, for the decoration of plain surfaces; and, in the armorial display, a marked reduction in the importance of the mantling. The introduction of the scallop-shell as an almost constant element of ornamentation gives a foretaste of the Rocaille-Coquille, the so-called Chippendale fashions of the next reign. During the middle third of the century this rococo style affects the bookplate as universally as all other decorative objects. Its chief element is a fanciful arrangement of scroll and shell work with curveing acanthus-like sprays—an arrangement which in the examples of the best period is generally made asymmetrical in order to give freer scope for a variety of countercurves. Straight or concentric lines and all appearances of flat surface are avoided; the helmet and its symmetrical mantling tends to disappear, and is replaced by the plain crest on a fillet. The earlier examples of this manner are generally simple. Later, however, the composition becomes exceedingly light and complicated; every conceivable and often incongruous element of decoration is introduced, from cupids to dragons, from flowerets to Chinese pagodas. During the early part of George III's reign there is a return to greater sobriety of ornamentation, and a style more truly national, which may be called the urn style, makes its appearance. Bookplates of this period exhibit an appearance which at once recalls the decorative manner made popular by architects and designers such as Chambers, the Adams, Josiah Wedgwood, Hepplewhite and Sheraton. The shield shows a plain spade-like outline, manifestly based upon that of the pseudo-classic urn then very alive. The ornamental accessories are symmetrical palms and sprays, wreaths and ribands. The architectural boss is also an important factor. In many plates, indeed, the shield of arms takes quite a subsidiary position by the side of the predominantly architectural urn.

Paragraph 33: The main focus of the game, like its predecessor, is to capture Shadow Pokémon and fight with them and also file up their information in pokedex. Shadow Pokémon are captured using the Snag Machine, as in Pokémon Colosseum. In this game there are 83 different Shadow Pokémon to collect. Each Shadow Pokémon has a set of Shadow moves that it knows to give it more variety in combat, which is a significant change from Pokémon Colosseum. Shadow moves can be either physical or special, which is the only type of move that was capable of this in Generation III. This changed once Generation IV brought physical and special moves for each type. These moves often have lower power than their non-Suspicious counterparts, but still inflict more damage due to being super effective. Their usefulness is also increased by not having to use PP when you use a move, as they can be used as often as needed within a single battle. If at some point in the game the player cannot catch a Shadow Pokémon, there is a second chance available: at random points throughout the game an antagonist, Miror B. will appear and have a Shadow Pokémon that the player was not able to catch. Once the player has obtained 82 of the Shadow Pokémon, Miror B. will appear one final time with the final obtainable Shadow Pokémon in the game.

Paragraph 34: In the basement, while Hook contemplates an escape, Zelena says that her anti-magic cuff is the real problem. Hook says he has magic in his hook but says that the last time he helped her, she betrayed him. She says that even though he doesn't know if he can trust her, he has no choice now. He slips off the cuff and she gets rid of her shackles, and puts herself into a fresh outfit, before coming over to Hook and undoing his shackles. Zelena tells Hook they have to sneak out the back, but Hook says he's not going. When Zelena questions why, Hook says he needs to stop Emma, and Zelena bids him goodbye. Hook searches Emma's house and takes a painting off the wall, but then Emma comes in, saying that she was trying to help Hook. Hook finds the squid ink on the back of the painting and splashes her with it, saying that she's a villain now, like Regina said. He says she has to tell him what happened in Camelot, but Emma says that he can't make her. Zelena returns and says she that she couldn't leave without making the Dark One pay. Zelena stabs Hook in the chest, but he doesn't bleed or suffer any wounds, and he demands to know what's happening. She says she found a Dreamcatcher outside, which can explain what happened. Emma whispers to him not to trust her and that she can explain everything. Hook tells Zelena to do it and she shows him. The Dreamcatcher shows Hook his memories in Camelot, before showing him the events involving his current situation. It turns out that Hook was fatally wounded by Excalibur, and in order to save him, Emma tethered his life to Excalibur, which turned him into another Dark One. Emma tells him that she's sorry and says she had no choice. Hook says there must be another explanation. Zelena hands Hook the re-united Excalibur and she removes a glamour spell, and shows him that his name is on the bottom part of the sword while Emma's name is on the dagger end, gloating about them being "the Dark Ones." Emma says she wanted to make up for this, and says that her plan was the only way to get rid of the darkness in both of them. She says all she did was to try to save him, but Hook is enraged, saying, "So much for our future, Swan." Zelena asks if he's ready to find out what else happened in Camelot and he says yes, much to Emma's dismay. But Hook tells Zelena that first, they have to take care of Emma.

Paragraph 35: The 1st Marine Division, then under the command of Major General James Mattis, was one of the two major U.S. land forces that participated in the 2003 invasion of Iraq as the land component of the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force. In December 2002, Mattis was quoted as saying, "The President, the National Command Authority and the American people need speed. The sooner we get it over with the better. Our overriding principle will be speed, speed, speed." Initially, the division fought through the Rumaila oil fields, feinted an attack towards Basrah then moved north on Iraq Highway 1 to An Nasariyah – a moderate-sized, Shi'ite dominated city with important strategic significance as a major road junction and proximity to nearby Talil Airfield. The division then fought its way to Baghdad and pushed further to secure Tikrit by forming Task Force Tripoli after the fall of Baghdad. The division covered 808 kilometers in 17 days of sustained combat, the deepest penetrating ground operation in Marine Corps history. After the invasion the division settled in to conduct security and stabilization operations in Baghdad, Tikrit, and then in south-central Iraq from May to October 2003. For actions during the war as part of I MEF the division was awarded its 9th Presidential Unit Citation.

Paragraph 36: A number of landmarks in the neighborhood include the former Newark Teachers College, located on the corner of Broadway and 4th Avenue, and is today Technology High School. It also served as the temporary home of Arts High School in the mid-1990s. The open and raised Erie Lackawanna (Norfolk Southern) railroad's NX Bridge, which appeared in the film Annie overlooks over the neighborhood. Erie Lackawanna discontinued passenger service on the Newark Branch in '66, there was a small station at 4th Ave near Passaic St as was a small freight yard and tower. Today the branch is freight only and operated by Norfolk Southern Railroad.

Paragraph 37: From then until the dawn of the French Revolution, English modes of decoration in bookplates generally followed French trends. The main characteristics of the style which prevailed during the Queen Anne and early Georgian periods are: ornamental frames suggestive of carved oak; a frequent use of fish-scales; trellis or diapered patterns, for the decoration of plain surfaces; and, in the armorial display, a marked reduction in the importance of the mantling. The introduction of the scallop-shell as an almost constant element of ornamentation gives a foretaste of the Rocaille-Coquille, the so-called Chippendale fashions of the next reign. During the middle third of the century this rococo style affects the bookplate as universally as all other decorative objects. Its chief element is a fanciful arrangement of scroll and shell work with curveing acanthus-like sprays—an arrangement which in the examples of the best period is generally made asymmetrical in order to give freer scope for a variety of countercurves. Straight or concentric lines and all appearances of flat surface are avoided; the helmet and its symmetrical mantling tends to disappear, and is replaced by the plain crest on a fillet. The earlier examples of this manner are generally simple. Later, however, the composition becomes exceedingly light and complicated; every conceivable and often incongruous element of decoration is introduced, from cupids to dragons, from flowerets to Chinese pagodas. During the early part of George III's reign there is a return to greater sobriety of ornamentation, and a style more truly national, which may be called the urn style, makes its appearance. Bookplates of this period exhibit an appearance which at once recalls the decorative manner made popular by architects and designers such as Chambers, the Adams, Josiah Wedgwood, Hepplewhite and Sheraton. The shield shows a plain spade-like outline, manifestly based upon that of the pseudo-classic urn then very alive. The ornamental accessories are symmetrical palms and sprays, wreaths and ribands. The architectural boss is also an important factor. In many plates, indeed, the shield of arms takes quite a subsidiary position by the side of the predominantly architectural urn.

Paragraph 38: Surahs in the Qur'an are not arranged in the chronological order of revelation because the order of the wahy or chronological order of revelation is not a textual part of the Quran.  Muhammad told his followers sahaba the placement in Quranic order of every Wahy revealed along with the original text of Quran. Wm Theodore de Bary, an East Asian studies expert, describes that "The final process of collection and codification of the Quran text was guided by one over-arching principle: God's words must not in any way be distorted or sullied by human intervention. For this reason, no serious attempt, apparently, was made to edit the numerous revelations, organize them into thematic units, or present them in chronological order....". The manuscript, or version, of the Quran we see today was compiled by Uthman, the third caliph (reign 644 to 656); a caliph being the political leader of a Caliphate (Islamic government).Before Uthman canonized the Quran there were different versions or codices, none of which exist today. These codices never gained general approval and were viewed by Muslims as the personal copies of individuals. However, "the search for variants in the partial versions extant before the Caliph Uthman's alleged recension in the 640s has not yielded any differences of great significance".

Paragraph 39: The adoption of the Third Charter took place in conditions when, according to the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, Soviet Russia agreed to the occupation of most of Belarus by the German Empire. The document summed up the results of the internal struggle in the leadership of the Belarusian People's Republic (BNR) and the Belarusian Socialist Society (BSG) for the adoption of the Second Charter to the Peoples of Belarus, which dissatisfied the independence movement in the BSG , Bronislaw Tarashkevich and others). On March 9, 1918, the de facto leader of the BSH, Arkady Smolich, wrote a letter to Ivan Lutskevich, in which he claimed that the BNR leadership did not have enough conscious supporters of the independence of Belarus. On March 18, 1918, at a meeting of the Council of the All-Belarusian Congress of 1917, supporters of independence managed to rename it the Council of the BNR. They adopted a resolution to include Vaclav Lastovsky, Anton and Ivan Lutskevich, Yan Stankevich, Dominik Syamashka and Yazep Turkevich, representatives of the Vilnius Belarusian Council, in the BNR Council. between Belarus and Russia. On March 23, 1918, Vaclav Lastovsky, the Lutskevich brothers, Yan Stankevich and Yazep Turkevich arrived in Minsk. On this day the government of the German Empire responded to the statement of the People's Secretariat of Belarus of March 9, 1918 on the proclamation of the BNR. According to the telegram, Reich Chancellor Georg von Gertling could not accept the statement of the People's Secretariat, as it would mean interference in Russia's internal affairs. Thus, the government of the German Empire still considered Belarus an integral part of Russia and did not recognize the BNR. Due to the fact that the Bolsheviks during their withdrawal from Minsk on February 19, 1918 took with them the treasures of the State Bank, on March 23, 1918 the People's Secretariat decided to apply for a loan to the government of the Ukrainian People's Republic. Representatives of the BDR were present at the meeting. At a meeting with his brother, Anton Lutskevich proposed to declare full independence of Belarus from Russia - in protest against the trade of Belarusian lands with the German Empire. Anton Lutskevich's proposal was met with understanding by the People's Secretariat. The chairman of the People's Secretariat Yazep Varonka stated that the proposal should be discussed at a meeting of the BSH faction, as the representatives of this party were the majority in the BNR Rada. In the faction, a group of BSG members led by Makar Kraŭcoŭ initially spoke out against the proposal of BNR activists, but eventually agreed with the majority.

Paragraph 40: He wrote songs with Tony Crombie before working in 1961 as A&R man at Decca Records, the youngest in the country, at 20, in the post. His first production, "Love is Like A Violin" sung by Ken Dodd, went to #8 in the UK Singles Chart. It was followed by hits with Mark Wynter; plus Rhet Stoller's "Chariot", which reached #26 in the UK. Wharton gave much needed work to jazz musicians, at a time when they were out of fashion and struggling to find work, by producing a pioneering stereophonic album, Sweet Wide and Blue, with Stan Tracy (Piano), Victor Feldman (vibes), Lenny Bush (bass), Tony Crombie (drums) and others. He also recorded albums and singles with Mantovani, Winifred Atwell, and several other Decca labelmates before leaving Decca, disillusioned, and finally outraged when he was not allowed to produce "Portrait of My Love" with Matt Monro due to 'office politics'. The song was thereafter released by Parlophone and peaked at #3 in the UK chart.  He returned to acting and travelled to South Africa to visit Mickie Most who he helped and encouraged to produce his own records, and taught to handle a mixing desk in the studios there.

Paragraph 41: Nine days after the landing of William of Orange Lord Cornbury deserted from the King to him (14 November), a turning point; and very difficult for Clarendon. (Mary, wife of William, was Henry's niece.) In the council of peers called by the King on his return to discuss the question of summoning a free parliament (27 November) Clarendon argued against the royal policy; and on 1 December he set out for Salisbury to make his peace with William. On 3 December he had an interview with William at Berwick, near Hindon, Wiltshire, and offered him his support. He was present at the Hungerford conference on 8 December, and followed the advance of the prince as far as Henley, where, on 13 December he obtained leave of absence. By the prince's desire he waited on him again at Windsor on 16 December, and presented to him his brother Rochester. It was at the conference held at Windsor that Clarendon was said to have suggested the confinement of King James to the Tower; while, according to Gilbert Burnet he proposed his relegation to Breda. He himself declared that, except at the Windsor meeting, he had never been present at any discussion about what should be done with King James, but that he was against the king being sent away. He was informed by William himself that the King had fled.

Paragraph 42: The source of the commotion is a group of men pursuing a young woman who is swimming frantically away from the other ship. Templar rescues the woman who, after some considerable hesitation, identifies herself as Loretta Page, a private detective who is investigating the mysterious disappearance of sunken treasure from the Atlantic. When she learns her rescuer is The Saint, she enlists his help in tracking down a group of modern-day pirates. These pirates, led by Kurt Vogel, are using newly developed bathyscape technology to reach the sea floor and scour recent shipwrecks for gold and other booty before officially sanctioned salvage operations arrive. And Vogel is not against committing cold-blooded murder to keep his operation going.

Paragraph 43: Surahs in the Qur'an are not arranged in the chronological order of revelation because the order of the wahy or chronological order of revelation is not a textual part of the Quran.  Muhammad told his followers sahaba the placement in Quranic order of every Wahy revealed along with the original text of Quran. Wm Theodore de Bary, an East Asian studies expert, describes that "The final process of collection and codification of the Quran text was guided by one over-arching principle: God's words must not in any way be distorted or sullied by human intervention. For this reason, no serious attempt, apparently, was made to edit the numerous revelations, organize them into thematic units, or present them in chronological order....". The manuscript, or version, of the Quran we see today was compiled by Uthman, the third caliph (reign 644 to 656); a caliph being the political leader of a Caliphate (Islamic government).Before Uthman canonized the Quran there were different versions or codices, none of which exist today. These codices never gained general approval and were viewed by Muslims as the personal copies of individuals. However, "the search for variants in the partial versions extant before the Caliph Uthman's alleged recension in the 640s has not yielded any differences of great significance".