Paragraph 1: Arnoraja, who was a son of Dhavala and Kumarapala's maternal aunt, was the first member of the Vaghela family to gain importance. He seems to have participated in a military campaign in Saurashtra while serving Kumarapala. The Muralidhar temple inscription, discovered in the Desan village of Bhiloda taluka, credits him with conquering Saurashtra. According to the 13th century writer Udayaprabha Suri, Kumarapala granted the Bhimapalli village to Arnoraja for his services. It is possible that Arnoraja received the village for his role in the Saurashtra campaign of Kumarapala. He probably served as a sub-commander in this campaign, although the Vahgela records later magnified his role. According to historian A. K. Majumdar, the Bhimapalli village might have been same as the Vyaghrapalli village from which the dynasty's name is derived.

Paragraph 2: At the time when Vestenbergsgreuth's football branch was incorporated in 1996, in which TSV's football players came over to Fürth, both clubs were playing at about the same level in Regionalliga Süd (III). The SpVgg was runner-up behind long-term rival 1. FC Nürnberg in the division the next year, and so earned promotion back to the 2. Bundesliga after 18 years, and played in the second tier at the first time since 1979. At this time, the Sportpark Ronhof, now called Playmobil Arena, faced the first major redevelopment since the post-war years and the construction of the old main stand in 1950. They built new stands on three of the four sides of the pitch, a roofed seating stand on the opposite side of the main stand, an uncovered terrace in the north end, and an uncovered mixed standing and seating area in the south of the stadium, as well as installing floodlights in the Ronhof the first time ever. With the modernized stadium and a clever transfer strategy, they have consistently finished in the top half of the 18-team table in the 2000s, despite having one of the lowest budgets most of the time. On 1 July 2003, the club added former workers' club Tuspo Fürth to its tradition through a merger. In 2008, the stadium faced another redevelopment, as the standing terrace in the north got a roof, and a VIP building was installed near to the old main stand. With this work, the main stand became the last piece of the stadium that has not been redeveloped. In that time, Fürth has come close to renewing its ancient rivalry with Nürnberg at the Bundesliga level, narrowly missing promotion in each of the first two seasons of the 2010s. On 23 April 2012, Fürth finally gained promotion to the Bundesliga in the 2011–12 season, they eventually went on to win the 2. Bundesliga under manager Mike Büskens. With promotion, the 1998 built south stand was demolished, and a new one was installed, gaining a capacity increase from 14,500 to 18,000, as well as providing a roof on the south for the first time.

Paragraph 3: Boileau was born in Calcutta. His father Thomas Boileau had moved to India in 1780 to work at the Supreme Court in Fort William. On his father's side his ancestors were Huguenots from Nîmes. His mother Leah was the daughter of Lt. Col. Ebenezer Jessup from New England. After the death of the father in 1806, the family moved to live in Bury St. Edmunds, England. After studying at the Grammar School, he received a cadetship at the East India Company Military Seminary at Addiscombe in 1819. His brother Henry joined in the next year. He received prizes in mathematics and Hindustani and was gazetted in 1821 and sent for training to Chatham with the Royal Engineers. He reached Calcutta on 22 September 1822 and then on to Kanpur. He was involved in road building at Jabalpur and between Nagpur and Kamptee. In 1826 he became garrison engineer at Agra, designing the St George Church, the jail, a college, and barracks. In 1829 he married Ann, daughter of Captain Hanson, and on the same day, his brother Henry married Ann's sister at St George's Church. Boileau was involved in reconstruction and repair of several Mughal constructions including Jahangir's palace, Fatehpur, and the Taj Mahal. The cost exceeded the estimates and when he wished to leave the East India Company on furlough in 1834, he was asked to pay thirty thousand rupees as outstanding expenses. In 1839, Boileau was assigned to set up a magnetic observatory at Simla after being trained by Professor Humphrey Lloyd of Trinity College, Dublin. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society on 5 March 1840 and later to the Royal Astronomical Society. While at Simla, he also designed the Christ Church and raised funds for its construction. In 1847 he became superintending engineer in the North West Provinces. He then moved to live at Ambala where weekend dinners included flute played by Boileau and piano by his wife Ann. He retired on 4 February 1856 with the rank of Major General, just before the mutiny. The family settled at Notting Hill and he began to work for the wives, widows, and children of soldiers then posted in large numbers in the Crimea. In 1860 he joined the 1st Middlesex Rifle volunteers. Punch magazine depicted a cartoon of him as "Mr Buffles" in 1862. A bust by Thomas Brock is now in the Kensington public library.

Paragraph 4: Tom Harrison of The Province gave the album a 4/5 rating, saying in his review that the album "imaginatively mates the concept of the tribute album with that of the exploitative rock soundtrack", and said that it provides "enough grist to make you wish you could have seen Hard Core Logo at its peak -- if there'd been one." Chris Dafoe of The Globe and Mail rated the album three stars, writing that "the results are loose and funny and catchy and the liner notes ("They were ugly. I was ugly. They gave me hope," writes Moe Berg of The Pursuit of Happiness) offer proof that you can't survive long in the Canadian music industry without a sense of humour." James Muretich of the Calgary Herald rated it four out of five, and called it "a dose of rock solid reality that captures the sounds of underground bands during the '80s in Western Canada".

Paragraph 5: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 6: The phrase Tre, Pol and Pen is used to describe people from or places in Cornwall, UK. The full rhyming couplet runs: By Tre Pol and Pen / Shall ye know all Cornishmen, a version of which was recorded by Richard Carew in his Survey of Cornwall, published in 1602. Many Cornish surnames and place names still retain these words as prefixes, such as the surname Trelawny and the village Polzeath. Tre in the Cornish language means a settlement or homestead; Pol, a pond, lake or well; and Pen (also Welsh and Cumbric), a hill or headland. Cornish surnames and placenames are generally pronounced with the emphasis on the second syllable.

Paragraph 7: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 8: Arnoraja, who was a son of Dhavala and Kumarapala's maternal aunt, was the first member of the Vaghela family to gain importance. He seems to have participated in a military campaign in Saurashtra while serving Kumarapala. The Muralidhar temple inscription, discovered in the Desan village of Bhiloda taluka, credits him with conquering Saurashtra. According to the 13th century writer Udayaprabha Suri, Kumarapala granted the Bhimapalli village to Arnoraja for his services. It is possible that Arnoraja received the village for his role in the Saurashtra campaign of Kumarapala. He probably served as a sub-commander in this campaign, although the Vahgela records later magnified his role. According to historian A. K. Majumdar, the Bhimapalli village might have been same as the Vyaghrapalli village from which the dynasty's name is derived.

Paragraph 9: Tom Harrison of The Province gave the album a 4/5 rating, saying in his review that the album "imaginatively mates the concept of the tribute album with that of the exploitative rock soundtrack", and said that it provides "enough grist to make you wish you could have seen Hard Core Logo at its peak -- if there'd been one." Chris Dafoe of The Globe and Mail rated the album three stars, writing that "the results are loose and funny and catchy and the liner notes ("They were ugly. I was ugly. They gave me hope," writes Moe Berg of The Pursuit of Happiness) offer proof that you can't survive long in the Canadian music industry without a sense of humour." James Muretich of the Calgary Herald rated it four out of five, and called it "a dose of rock solid reality that captures the sounds of underground bands during the '80s in Western Canada".

Paragraph 10: In 2006–2008 the life of expectancy of females living in the district was 82.6 years (Northern Ireland average was 81.3), compared with a life expectancy of 78.1 for males (Northern Ireland average was 79.3). According to the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency, in 2010 the district had a total of 12 GP practices with a total 31 GPs serving 54,956 registered patients, resulting in an average GP list size of 1,773, compared to the Northern Ireland average of 1,608.  The district had its own hospital, located in Banbridge, until December 1996 when inpatient services were ended.  Craigavon Area Hospital now deals with the majority of primary care cases from the district. In January 2002, the former  district council paid £725,000 for the former site of the hospital with the aim of turning it into a Community Health Village.  In March 2011, the-then Minister for Health, Michael McGimpsey, approved plans for the start of construction of a new Community Treatment and Care Centre and Day Care facility in the grounds of the Community Health Village. This new facility, which will join the already relocated Banbridge Group Surgery, will cost an estimated £16.5 million and be home to around 220 staff.

Paragraph 11: The Rams punted three plays into the fourth quarter, giving the Bengals the ball at their own 16-yard-line. A 16-yard pass from Burrow to Boyd on second down went for a 16-yard gain, but from there the Cincinnati offense stalled and an unnecessary roughness penalty on third down forced a punt on 4th-and-29, which was returned to the Los Angeles 35-yard-line. The Rams punted the ball back after another three-and-out of their own, and Cincinnati took over after the punt went out of bounds at their 16-yard-line. A 12-yard rush by Mixon gained a first down on the drive's first play and a 3-yard pass from Burrow to Chris Evans then gained another first down on 3rd-and-2; however, Cincinnati was not able to gain another first down and punted three plays later on 4th-and-9. Receiving the ball on their own 21-yard-line, the Rams found themselves facing 4th-and-1 just four plays into the drive, but a 7-yard rush by Kupp on an end-around converted it for a first down. They reached Bengals' territory three plays later. A 22-yard pass from Stafford to Kupp a few plays afterwards got them to the Bengals' 24-yard-line and they reached the red zone with another Stafford to Kupp pass, this for 8 yards. After the two-minute warning, three incomplete passes followed, but a holding penalty on linebacker Logan Wilson gave the Rams a first down. After the next play (a touchdown cancelled by offsetting penalties against both teams), Bengals' defensive back Eli Apple was flagged for pass interference in the end zone, bringing up first and goal from the 1. Two plays later, Stafford threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to Kupp, giving the Rams a 23–20 lead with 1:25 left on the clock. The Bengals got the ball back at their own 25-yard-line and quickly gained 26 yards on a 17-yard pass to Chase and a 9-yard catch by Boyd, respectively. After an incomplete pass, Donald and fellow lineman Greg Gaines tackled Samaje Perine for no gain, bringing up 4th-and-1. The Bengals decided to pass the ball for a first down, but Donald wrapped Burrow up before he could make the throw. He still managed to attempt a pass to Perine as he was being taken down, but the ball fell short, causing a turnover on downs and enabling Los Angeles to run out the rest of the clock with a quarterback kneel. Kupp was named the Super Bowl MVP, with eight receptions for 92 yards and two touchdowns, including three receptions and a touchdown (as well as one carry for seven yards) on the Rams final drive.

Paragraph 12: He established OnDisplay Corporation, a software development company, with the aim of designing software to select and retrieve information from related webpages and arrange it in a layout most convenient for the user. As his business experience was limited, no investor could be found. When it appeared that his idea would never be implemented, it was accepted by Mark Pine, the executive director of a division of Sybase Software Company. Two weeks later, OnDisplay had more than 80 clients, including Travelocity. It was one of the 10 most successful IPOs in 1999 and was sold to Vignette Corporation in 2000 for USD1.8 billion.

Paragraph 13: After managing to pin Crossbones in an eight-man tag team match on March 20, Mike Quackenbush suggested that Frightmare should start going after the Young Lions Cup. Frightmare received his shot at the Cup on June 26, but was defeated when the champion, BDK member Tim Donst, choked him out with a necktie. On August 27 Frightmare entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament, defeating Brendan Michael Thomas, who had eliminated him from the tournament the previous year, in his first round match. Later that same night he defeated Christian Abel, Kaio, Amasis, Johnny Gargano and Akira Tozawa in a six-way elimination match to advance to the finals of the tournament. On August 29 Frightmare defeated BDK member Lince Dorado to win the eighth Young Lions Cup tournament and score Chikara's first major victory in its war against BDK. Frightmare made his first successful defense of the Young Lions Cup on September 19, defeating BDK's Pinkie Sanchez. On October 23 Frightmare successfully defended the Young Lions Cup against Johnny Gargano, who cashed in his "Golden Opportunity" to get a title match. The following week Frightmare made his first tour of Japan with Osaka Pro Wrestling. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale, Reality is Relative, Incoherence aligned themselves with Hallowicked's long–time rival UltraMantis Black by saving him from Sinn Bodhi and The Batiri. On March 13, 2011, Frightmare broke Max Boyer's record from 2006 for most successful defenses of the Young Lions Cup, when he defeated Batiri member Obariyon to make his sixth successful defense. On April 15, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black, now known collectively as the Spectral Envoy, were eliminated from the 2011 King of Trios in the first round by Team Dragon Gate (Akira Tozawa, Kagetora and Super Shisa). On June 26, Frightmare defeated Batiri member Kodama to make his seventh and final Young Lions Cup defense. On August 27, he was stripped of the title in time for the ninth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. The Spectral Envoy and the Dark Army (Sinn Bodhi, Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon) faced each other in an eight-man tag team match on September 18, when the former was joined by UltraMantis Black's former Order of the Neo-Solar Temple partner Crossbones. The Spectral Envoy managed to win the match, after Ultramantis pinned Bodhi. Afterwards, Frightmare was sidelined for the next eight months with an injury, before returning on May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend. On September 14, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black entered the 2012 King of Trios, defeating Mihara, The Mysterious and Handsome Stranger and Tito Santana in their first round match. The following day, the Spectral Envoy advanced to the semifinals of the tournament, after defeating their rival team The Batiri. However, following the match, the Spectral Envoy was attacked by members of The Batiri and Ophidian. On the third and final day of the tournament, the Spectral Envoy first defeated F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor, Icarus and Johnny Gargano) in the semifinals and then Team ROH (Mike Bennett, Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) in the finals, despite interference from The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian, to win the 2012 King of Trios. On December 2 at Chikara's third internet pay-per-view, Under the Hood, the Spectral Envoy, represented by Frightmare, Hallowicked, UltraMantis Black and the returning Blind Rage and Crossbones, defeated The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian in a ten-man tag team match.

Paragraph 14: The Rams punted three plays into the fourth quarter, giving the Bengals the ball at their own 16-yard-line. A 16-yard pass from Burrow to Boyd on second down went for a 16-yard gain, but from there the Cincinnati offense stalled and an unnecessary roughness penalty on third down forced a punt on 4th-and-29, which was returned to the Los Angeles 35-yard-line. The Rams punted the ball back after another three-and-out of their own, and Cincinnati took over after the punt went out of bounds at their 16-yard-line. A 12-yard rush by Mixon gained a first down on the drive's first play and a 3-yard pass from Burrow to Chris Evans then gained another first down on 3rd-and-2; however, Cincinnati was not able to gain another first down and punted three plays later on 4th-and-9. Receiving the ball on their own 21-yard-line, the Rams found themselves facing 4th-and-1 just four plays into the drive, but a 7-yard rush by Kupp on an end-around converted it for a first down. They reached Bengals' territory three plays later. A 22-yard pass from Stafford to Kupp a few plays afterwards got them to the Bengals' 24-yard-line and they reached the red zone with another Stafford to Kupp pass, this for 8 yards. After the two-minute warning, three incomplete passes followed, but a holding penalty on linebacker Logan Wilson gave the Rams a first down. After the next play (a touchdown cancelled by offsetting penalties against both teams), Bengals' defensive back Eli Apple was flagged for pass interference in the end zone, bringing up first and goal from the 1. Two plays later, Stafford threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to Kupp, giving the Rams a 23–20 lead with 1:25 left on the clock. The Bengals got the ball back at their own 25-yard-line and quickly gained 26 yards on a 17-yard pass to Chase and a 9-yard catch by Boyd, respectively. After an incomplete pass, Donald and fellow lineman Greg Gaines tackled Samaje Perine for no gain, bringing up 4th-and-1. The Bengals decided to pass the ball for a first down, but Donald wrapped Burrow up before he could make the throw. He still managed to attempt a pass to Perine as he was being taken down, but the ball fell short, causing a turnover on downs and enabling Los Angeles to run out the rest of the clock with a quarterback kneel. Kupp was named the Super Bowl MVP, with eight receptions for 92 yards and two touchdowns, including three receptions and a touchdown (as well as one carry for seven yards) on the Rams final drive.

Paragraph 15: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 16: Boileau was born in Calcutta. His father Thomas Boileau had moved to India in 1780 to work at the Supreme Court in Fort William. On his father's side his ancestors were Huguenots from Nîmes. His mother Leah was the daughter of Lt. Col. Ebenezer Jessup from New England. After the death of the father in 1806, the family moved to live in Bury St. Edmunds, England. After studying at the Grammar School, he received a cadetship at the East India Company Military Seminary at Addiscombe in 1819. His brother Henry joined in the next year. He received prizes in mathematics and Hindustani and was gazetted in 1821 and sent for training to Chatham with the Royal Engineers. He reached Calcutta on 22 September 1822 and then on to Kanpur. He was involved in road building at Jabalpur and between Nagpur and Kamptee. In 1826 he became garrison engineer at Agra, designing the St George Church, the jail, a college, and barracks. In 1829 he married Ann, daughter of Captain Hanson, and on the same day, his brother Henry married Ann's sister at St George's Church. Boileau was involved in reconstruction and repair of several Mughal constructions including Jahangir's palace, Fatehpur, and the Taj Mahal. The cost exceeded the estimates and when he wished to leave the East India Company on furlough in 1834, he was asked to pay thirty thousand rupees as outstanding expenses. In 1839, Boileau was assigned to set up a magnetic observatory at Simla after being trained by Professor Humphrey Lloyd of Trinity College, Dublin. He was elected fellow of the Royal Society on 5 March 1840 and later to the Royal Astronomical Society. While at Simla, he also designed the Christ Church and raised funds for its construction. In 1847 he became superintending engineer in the North West Provinces. He then moved to live at Ambala where weekend dinners included flute played by Boileau and piano by his wife Ann. He retired on 4 February 1856 with the rank of Major General, just before the mutiny. The family settled at Notting Hill and he began to work for the wives, widows, and children of soldiers then posted in large numbers in the Crimea. In 1860 he joined the 1st Middlesex Rifle volunteers. Punch magazine depicted a cartoon of him as "Mr Buffles" in 1862. A bust by Thomas Brock is now in the Kensington public library.

Paragraph 17: In real estate economics, Hedonic regression is used to adjust for the issues associated with researching a good that is as heterogeneous, such as buildings. Because individual buildings are so different, it is difficult to estimate the demand for buildings generically. Instead, it is assumed that a house can be decomposed into characteristics such as its amount of bedrooms, the size of its lot, or its distance from the city center. A hedonic regression equation treats these attributes (or bundles of attributes) separately, and estimates prices (in the case of an additive model) or elasticity (in the case of a log model) for each of them. This information can be used to construct a price index that can be used  to compare the price of housing in different cities or to do time series analysis. As with CPI calculations, Hedonic pricing can be used to correct for quality changes in constructing a housing price index. It can also be used to assess the value of a property, in the absence of specific market transaction data, and to analyze the demand for various housing characteristics, as well as housing demand in general. Due to the macro-oriented nature of hedonic models, with regard to their more general approach to assessment when compared to the more exacting and specific (albeit less contextualized) approach of individual assessment, when used for mass appraisal, the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, has established mass appraisal standards to govern the use of hedonic regressions and other automated valuation models when used for real estate appraisal.

Paragraph 18: He established OnDisplay Corporation, a software development company, with the aim of designing software to select and retrieve information from related webpages and arrange it in a layout most convenient for the user. As his business experience was limited, no investor could be found. When it appeared that his idea would never be implemented, it was accepted by Mark Pine, the executive director of a division of Sybase Software Company. Two weeks later, OnDisplay had more than 80 clients, including Travelocity. It was one of the 10 most successful IPOs in 1999 and was sold to Vignette Corporation in 2000 for USD1.8 billion.

Paragraph 19: JTF 1–501 deployed to Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan from October 2003 until August 2004 under the direct command of CJTF-180 and 1st Brigade, 10th Mountain Division. Its first mission was to open the 'Khowst-Gardez Pass', also known as 'Ambush Alley' during the Russian/Soviet occupation. After a successful and (almost) uncontested Ground Assault Convoy (GAC) through Ambush Alley, the 501st based itself just outside the city of Khowst, helping to build what became known as FOB Salerno (Forward Operating Base Salerno), near the eastern border with Pakistan. The 501st played a significant role in disrupting enemy communications and infiltrations across the border in their Area of Operation. Commanded by LTC Harry C. Glenn, the 501st conducted coordinated searches and patrolled the mountains during Operations Avalanche, Blizzard, and Storm, in which its mission was to root out Taliban and Al Qaeda loyalists in the Khowst Province and Paktia Province. The natives of the region, mainly the Pashtun, were—more often than not—both enemies and allies to the 501st, making the mission that much more difficult. However, in comparison to the prior Soviet occupation, within just a few visits and 'elder tea meetings', the 501st quickly earned the trust of the local people and militia/warlords. As a result of the unit's time in-country, few enemies were killed, yet many were detained and captured when necessary (using an incredibly strict system that often resulted in capturing and re-capturing individuals, until it was proved that they were definitely 'enemy combatants'). Local Pashtun shepherds would even inform the 501st when non-local 'Arabs' planted IEDs (improvised explosive devices)/bombs on roads and trade routes, such that the 501st could help protect the local people. In addition, the 501st collected/confiscated tons upon tons of ammunition and weapons, which were destroyed, in the attempt to make the region safer for everyone (as referenced by direct US military reports in WikiLeaks). During the occupation, the 501st conducted countless cordon and searches while confronting enemy combatants in direct battles. Furthermore, the 501st secured the Afghani border, organized the first known meeting between Afghani/Pakistani Officials since the Durand Line was established, created inter and intrastate commerce, advised on (and helped build) civil-security, conducted 'tail-gate' medicine to help with local health and prosperity issues, and even provided security for male and female children schools (often the target of radical Islam terrorist operations), with the overall intent to secure the entire region for local Democratic elections and allow for mutual peace and mutual prosperity of the Afghani/Pakistani region. The 1–501 was supported by an Air Force Special Operations Team (TACP), commanded by Captain A. Rodell Severson.  http://www.airforcetimes.com/legacy/new/0-AIRPAPER-2817838.php. The TACP went on all missions, providing Battlespace Control for the Geronimos and were an integral part of the Joint Task Force.

Paragraph 20: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 21: Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B- and said, "The Vietnam-flashback material doesn’t resonate as sharply as it did when screenwriter James Duff first presented this as a stage play in 1984. But with Sheen doing a nice turn as a bewildered Dad and Kathy Bates such a nerve-rattling force as the kill-em-with-cleanliness mother, the agonized family dynamics are effectively awful." Stephen Holden of The New York Times remarked how familiar the premise was, but that the film "still finds moments of wrenching sadness in its microscopic examination of an all-American family torn apart by the Vietnam War," and praised the performances and themes.

Paragraph 22: After managing to pin Crossbones in an eight-man tag team match on March 20, Mike Quackenbush suggested that Frightmare should start going after the Young Lions Cup. Frightmare received his shot at the Cup on June 26, but was defeated when the champion, BDK member Tim Donst, choked him out with a necktie. On August 27 Frightmare entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament, defeating Brendan Michael Thomas, who had eliminated him from the tournament the previous year, in his first round match. Later that same night he defeated Christian Abel, Kaio, Amasis, Johnny Gargano and Akira Tozawa in a six-way elimination match to advance to the finals of the tournament. On August 29 Frightmare defeated BDK member Lince Dorado to win the eighth Young Lions Cup tournament and score Chikara's first major victory in its war against BDK. Frightmare made his first successful defense of the Young Lions Cup on September 19, defeating BDK's Pinkie Sanchez. On October 23 Frightmare successfully defended the Young Lions Cup against Johnny Gargano, who cashed in his "Golden Opportunity" to get a title match. The following week Frightmare made his first tour of Japan with Osaka Pro Wrestling. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale, Reality is Relative, Incoherence aligned themselves with Hallowicked's long–time rival UltraMantis Black by saving him from Sinn Bodhi and The Batiri. On March 13, 2011, Frightmare broke Max Boyer's record from 2006 for most successful defenses of the Young Lions Cup, when he defeated Batiri member Obariyon to make his sixth successful defense. On April 15, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black, now known collectively as the Spectral Envoy, were eliminated from the 2011 King of Trios in the first round by Team Dragon Gate (Akira Tozawa, Kagetora and Super Shisa). On June 26, Frightmare defeated Batiri member Kodama to make his seventh and final Young Lions Cup defense. On August 27, he was stripped of the title in time for the ninth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. The Spectral Envoy and the Dark Army (Sinn Bodhi, Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon) faced each other in an eight-man tag team match on September 18, when the former was joined by UltraMantis Black's former Order of the Neo-Solar Temple partner Crossbones. The Spectral Envoy managed to win the match, after Ultramantis pinned Bodhi. Afterwards, Frightmare was sidelined for the next eight months with an injury, before returning on May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend. On September 14, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black entered the 2012 King of Trios, defeating Mihara, The Mysterious and Handsome Stranger and Tito Santana in their first round match. The following day, the Spectral Envoy advanced to the semifinals of the tournament, after defeating their rival team The Batiri. However, following the match, the Spectral Envoy was attacked by members of The Batiri and Ophidian. On the third and final day of the tournament, the Spectral Envoy first defeated F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor, Icarus and Johnny Gargano) in the semifinals and then Team ROH (Mike Bennett, Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) in the finals, despite interference from The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian, to win the 2012 King of Trios. On December 2 at Chikara's third internet pay-per-view, Under the Hood, the Spectral Envoy, represented by Frightmare, Hallowicked, UltraMantis Black and the returning Blind Rage and Crossbones, defeated The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian in a ten-man tag team match.

Paragraph 23: After managing to pin Crossbones in an eight-man tag team match on March 20, Mike Quackenbush suggested that Frightmare should start going after the Young Lions Cup. Frightmare received his shot at the Cup on June 26, but was defeated when the champion, BDK member Tim Donst, choked him out with a necktie. On August 27 Frightmare entered the eighth annual Young Lions Cup tournament, defeating Brendan Michael Thomas, who had eliminated him from the tournament the previous year, in his first round match. Later that same night he defeated Christian Abel, Kaio, Amasis, Johnny Gargano and Akira Tozawa in a six-way elimination match to advance to the finals of the tournament. On August 29 Frightmare defeated BDK member Lince Dorado to win the eighth Young Lions Cup tournament and score Chikara's first major victory in its war against BDK. Frightmare made his first successful defense of the Young Lions Cup on September 19, defeating BDK's Pinkie Sanchez. On October 23 Frightmare successfully defended the Young Lions Cup against Johnny Gargano, who cashed in his "Golden Opportunity" to get a title match. The following week Frightmare made his first tour of Japan with Osaka Pro Wrestling. On December 12, 2010, at the season nine finale, Reality is Relative, Incoherence aligned themselves with Hallowicked's long–time rival UltraMantis Black by saving him from Sinn Bodhi and The Batiri. On March 13, 2011, Frightmare broke Max Boyer's record from 2006 for most successful defenses of the Young Lions Cup, when he defeated Batiri member Obariyon to make his sixth successful defense. On April 15, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black, now known collectively as the Spectral Envoy, were eliminated from the 2011 King of Trios in the first round by Team Dragon Gate (Akira Tozawa, Kagetora and Super Shisa). On June 26, Frightmare defeated Batiri member Kodama to make his seventh and final Young Lions Cup defense. On August 27, he was stripped of the title in time for the ninth annual Young Lions Cup tournament. The Spectral Envoy and the Dark Army (Sinn Bodhi, Kobald, Kodama and Obariyon) faced each other in an eight-man tag team match on September 18, when the former was joined by UltraMantis Black's former Order of the Neo-Solar Temple partner Crossbones. The Spectral Envoy managed to win the match, after Ultramantis pinned Bodhi. Afterwards, Frightmare was sidelined for the next eight months with an injury, before returning on May 20, 2012, during Chikara's tenth anniversary weekend. On September 14, Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black entered the 2012 King of Trios, defeating Mihara, The Mysterious and Handsome Stranger and Tito Santana in their first round match. The following day, the Spectral Envoy advanced to the semifinals of the tournament, after defeating their rival team The Batiri. However, following the match, the Spectral Envoy was attacked by members of The Batiri and Ophidian. On the third and final day of the tournament, the Spectral Envoy first defeated F.I.S.T. (Chuck Taylor, Icarus and Johnny Gargano) in the semifinals and then Team ROH (Mike Bennett, Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) in the finals, despite interference from The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian, to win the 2012 King of Trios. On December 2 at Chikara's third internet pay-per-view, Under the Hood, the Spectral Envoy, represented by Frightmare, Hallowicked, UltraMantis Black and the returning Blind Rage and Crossbones, defeated The Batiri, Delirious and Ophidian in a ten-man tag team match.

Paragraph 24: At the outbreak of the First World War Aldin was the sole Master of the South Berkshire Foxhounds and became a Remount Purchasing Officer in charge of an Army Remount Depot. A number of other artists, including  Lionel Edwards, Alfred Munnings G.D. Armour and Cedric Morris, also worked in Remount Depots during the War. Such was the military demand for horses Aldins' own mounts were among the first to be given up to the Army. Aldin set up a number of Remount Depots around Berkshire including, as an experiment, one run entirely by women as there were no longer enough men available for the work. The experiment was deemed successful and a number of Ladies' Army Remount Depots were established. This brought Aldin to the attention of the Women's Work Sub-Committee of the newly formed Imperial War Museum who, in February 1919, asked to purchase two of his wartime paintings. Women Employed in the Remount Depot, The Kennels, Pangbourne was duly purchased but Aldin was unwilling to release the second picture requested. The original of A Land Girl Ploughing, a realistic portrayal of a lone Land Girl guiding two large horses, had been done on old, re-used canvas using leftover scene paint and, in Aldin's view, was not suitable for a national collection. He agreed to replicate the painting with better quality materials and a member of the Women's Land Army was sent to his studio in Pangbourne to model as the plough girl, and ensure all the details of the uniform were correct. The painting is considered among the most iconic images of the work of the Women's Land Army from World War One. Aldin lost his son, Dudley at Vimy Ridge in 1917, which affected him deeply for many years and had a profound effect on his style of work.

Paragraph 25: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 26: Each Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) is directly elected to serve 5-year terms by single-member constituencies. The Constitution of India states that a State Legislative Assembly must have no less than 60 and no more than 500 members however an exception may be granted via an Act of Parliament as is the case in the states of Goa, Sikkim, Mizoram and the union territory of Puducherry which have fewer than 60 members. A State Legislative Assembly may be dissolved in a state of emergency, by the Governor on request of the Chief Minister, or if a motion of no confidence is passed against the ruling majority party or coalition.

Paragraph 27: The Lindbergh operation was a complete tele-surgical operation carried out by a team of French surgeons located in New York on a patient in Strasbourg, France (over a distance of several thousand miles) using telecommunications solutions based on high-speed services and sophisticated Zeus surgical robot. The operation was performed successfully on September 7, 2001 by Professor Jacques Marescaux and his team from the IRCAD (Institute for Research into Cancer of the Digestive System). This was the first time in medical history that a technical solution proved capable of reducing the time delay inherent to long distance transmissions sufficiently to make this type of procedure possible. The name was derived from the American aviator Charles Lindbergh, because he was the first person to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean.

Paragraph 28: Arnoraja, who was a son of Dhavala and Kumarapala's maternal aunt, was the first member of the Vaghela family to gain importance. He seems to have participated in a military campaign in Saurashtra while serving Kumarapala. The Muralidhar temple inscription, discovered in the Desan village of Bhiloda taluka, credits him with conquering Saurashtra. According to the 13th century writer Udayaprabha Suri, Kumarapala granted the Bhimapalli village to Arnoraja for his services. It is possible that Arnoraja received the village for his role in the Saurashtra campaign of Kumarapala. He probably served as a sub-commander in this campaign, although the Vahgela records later magnified his role. According to historian A. K. Majumdar, the Bhimapalli village might have been same as the Vyaghrapalli village from which the dynasty's name is derived.