Paragraph 1: On the morning of October 28, Ryabtsev demanded that Berzin surrender the Kremlin, saying that the city is under their control. Not knowing the actual situation and having no connection with the Military Revolutionary Committee, Berzin decided to surrender the Kremlin [18]. The commander of the Armored Company of the 6th School of Ensigns demanded that the soldiers of the 56th Regiment surrender their weapons. The soldiers began to disarm and two companies of Cadets entered the Kremlin. According to the official Soviet version, based on the stories of the surviving soldiers of the 56th Regiment, after the captives surrendered their weapons, they were shot from small arms and machine guns trying to flee.On the morning of the 28th at 7 o'clock. Comrade Berzin collected us and said: ‘Comrades, I received an ultimatum and went into meditation for 20 minutes. The whole city is controlled by the other side.’ Left alone, isolated from the city, and not knowing what is happening outside the walls of the Kremlin, we decided to surrender with Comrade Berzin. Stole the machine guns to the arsenal, opened the gates and went to the barracks. In less than 30 minutes, an order was issued to go into the yard of the Kremlin and line up. Knowing nothing, we did so and saw that our "guests" came to us-the company of the cadets, the same armored cars that we did not let into the Kremlin last night, and one three-inch gun. All were built up before us. We were ordered to settle in front of the district court. The Junkers surrounded us with rifles at the ready. Some of them occupied the barracks in the doors, in the windows, too. A machine gun crackled at us from the Troitsky Gate. We were in a panic. Who rushed around. Whoever wanted to go to the barracks, they were beaten by bayonets. Some of us rushed to the school ensigns, and the ensigns threw a bomb. We found ourselves surrounded in a noose. A groan, the cries of our comrades wounded ... In 8 minutes, the massacre was over.According to another version, when the soldiers saw that only two companies of Junkers had entered, they made an attempt to regain possession of their weapons, but this attempt failed, and many soldiers were killed or injured by machine-gun fire. According to the recollections of the Junkers involved in the Kremlin's seizure, the surrender of the Kremlin was a tactical move in which the soldiers of the 56th Regiment attempted to drive the Junker Companies into a trap, which resulted in mass slaughter:On the Senate Square was the whole regiment, in front of which was thrown a heap of weapons which they were handing over. In the barracks, I found a handful of soldiers, and, to my surprise, a lot of undiscarded weapons ... Suddenly I heard shots; glancing out the window, I saw that the soldiers as if they had been knocked down, were falling, and there was some kind of confusion in the square; Because of this, [I] quit my occupation and with my people quickly ran to the square, but on the stairs, many soldiers ran towards us. It turns out that the plan for the 56th Regiment was as follows: letting a small number of Junkers into the Kremlin and, apparently, obeying them, at the signal to rush and destroy them; The soldiers who fled to meet us were supposed to pick up weapons in the barracks and attack the cadets. [...] When everything more or less calmed down, we went to the square; there were wounded and killed soldiers and a cadet [...] It turned out that when the 56th Regiment made up of mainly cadets, and the shots that were fired from the barracks or the Arsenal were fired into the cadets - this was the signal for the remaining in the barracks to begin shooting with retained rifles from the upper rooms into the cadets on the square, behind the pile of weapons. The soldiers we met on the stairs ran. In response, the cadets opened fire ...In the official report of the chief of the Moscow Artillery Warehouse, Major-General Kaihorodov, it is written that the cadets opened fire from machine guns after "several shots" that were heard from "somewhere". According to various estimates, as a result of the shooting, 50 to 300 soldiers were killed. According to Ratkovsky, "six cadets and about two hundred soldiers were killed and wounded".

Paragraph 2: During the time Brassey was building the early French railways, Britain was experiencing what was known as the "railway mania", when there was massive investment in the railways.  Large numbers of lines were being built, but not all of them were built to Brassey's high standards.  Brassey was involved in this expansion but was careful to choose his contracts and investors so that he could maintain his standards. During the one year of 1845 he agreed no less than nine contracts in England, Scotland and Wales, with a mileage totalling over . In 1844 Brassey and Locke began building the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway of , which was considered to be one of their greatest lines.  It passed through the Lune Valley and then over Shap Fell.  Its summit was  high and the line had steep gradients, the maximum being 1 in 75.  To the south the line linked by way of the Preston–Lancaster line to the Grand Junction Railway. Two important contracts undertaken in 1845 were the Trent Valley Railway of  and the Chester and Holyhead line of .  The former line joined the London and Birmingham Railway at Rugby to the Grand Junction Railway south of Stafford providing a line from London to Scotland which bypassed Birmingham.  The latter line provided a link between London and the ferries sailing from Holyhead to Ireland and included Robert Stephenson's tubular Britannia Bridge over the Menai Strait.  Also in 1845 Brassey received contracts for the Caledonian Railway which linked the railway at Carlisle with Glasgow and Edinburgh, covering a total distance of  and passing over Beattock Summit.  His engineer on this project was George Heald. That same year he also began contracts for other railways in Scotland, and in 1846 he started building parts of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway between Hull and Liverpool, across the Pennines.

Paragraph 3: At 14 years old, Steve is the youngest member of the Smith family. He is  and is approximately  which is relatively short for his age. Upon the series’ 2005 premiere, Steve was 13 years old and has since turned 14 years old (technically, Steve should be 15 by timeline, but was reverted back to 14), placing his year of birth around 1992. Steve is portrayed as an enthusiastic, ambitious, and wimpy nerd. In the official series, he is not presented as nerdy as he is in the show's unaired precursory pilot when his appearance, voice and manner greatly contrasted from what they would eventually become. In the precursory pilot, Steve was also gawkier, scrawnier and voiced by Ricky Blitt (as opposed to Scott Grimes). In the official series, he's become emphasized as soft, emotional, cute and endearing. As part of his emotional and sensitive character, Steve is combined with a screechy wail. Despite his wimpy and nerdy characteristics, Steve sometimes displays conceited and obnoxious behavior. He is all too often a showman, always ready to put on a performance and show off his "talents", typically his singing dancing. Steve attends Pearl Bailey High School and is usually accompanied by his equally uncool friends: "Snot", Steve's closest friend with whom he shares a bromance, the two once even having shared in a kiss together (in the episode "License to Till"); Toshi, who is an Asian American and only speaks Japanese; and Barry, who is morbidly obese with an inarticulate, strident, and sloppy vocal quality. Steve possesses a keen, yet shallow and lustful interest in the opposite sex, though he has had an obese girlfriend, Debbie, to which Stan disapproved. Steve's relationship with his father is strained with Stan often behaving judgmentally and intolerantly over Steve's nerdiness, immaturity and sensitivity. Steve has been known to cop attitude, sometimes rightfully so at Stan over his offensive acts.

Paragraph 4: During the time Brassey was building the early French railways, Britain was experiencing what was known as the "railway mania", when there was massive investment in the railways.  Large numbers of lines were being built, but not all of them were built to Brassey's high standards.  Brassey was involved in this expansion but was careful to choose his contracts and investors so that he could maintain his standards. During the one year of 1845 he agreed no less than nine contracts in England, Scotland and Wales, with a mileage totalling over . In 1844 Brassey and Locke began building the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway of , which was considered to be one of their greatest lines.  It passed through the Lune Valley and then over Shap Fell.  Its summit was  high and the line had steep gradients, the maximum being 1 in 75.  To the south the line linked by way of the Preston–Lancaster line to the Grand Junction Railway. Two important contracts undertaken in 1845 were the Trent Valley Railway of  and the Chester and Holyhead line of .  The former line joined the London and Birmingham Railway at Rugby to the Grand Junction Railway south of Stafford providing a line from London to Scotland which bypassed Birmingham.  The latter line provided a link between London and the ferries sailing from Holyhead to Ireland and included Robert Stephenson's tubular Britannia Bridge over the Menai Strait.  Also in 1845 Brassey received contracts for the Caledonian Railway which linked the railway at Carlisle with Glasgow and Edinburgh, covering a total distance of  and passing over Beattock Summit.  His engineer on this project was George Heald. That same year he also began contracts for other railways in Scotland, and in 1846 he started building parts of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway between Hull and Liverpool, across the Pennines.

Paragraph 5: "Who Shot Ya" or often "Who Shot Ya?" is a song by Brooklyn, New York, rapper the Notorious B.I.G., also called Biggie Smalls, backed by Sean Combs as the "hype man". Puffy's emerging record label, Bad Boy Entertainment, released it on February 21, 1995, on an alternate reissue of Biggie's single "Big Poppa/Warning," out since December 5, 1994. While this 1994 release climbed the Billboard Hot 100, its new B side "Who Shot Ya"—now Biggie's "most infamous classic," with an instrumental now iconic—revised some vocals of a "Who Shot Ya" track, rapped by Biggie and Keith Murray, already issued on a mixtape from a Harlem DJ earlier in 1995.<ref name=":4222222">Bandini, "DJ SNS liberates the original mixtape version of Biggie's 'Who Shot Ya' with a Keith Murray verse (audio)", AmbrosiaForHeads.com, 17 Mar 2014, embeds a YouTube video of a still image plus audio, and wholly addresses the topic: "One particular standout from Stan Ipcus's stellar feature is the bit on 'Who Shot Ya?.' The controversial song, produced by Nashiem Myrick & Diddy (who chillingly flipped a sample by Isaac Hayes' production partner David Porter), featured some uncharacteristic ad-lib shots from Puff Daddy at the time, and seemed to chide 2Pac into the beef that would transpire less than a year later. Like so many great myths surrounding The Notorious B.I.G. and mid-'90s Bad Boy, SNS maintains that his version, hitting the streets first in 1995, featured Keith Murray. While the Def Squad MC's lyrics would later be re-purposed to a Mary J. Blige interlude, with the interview, SNS digitized this moment in time. K.M., like Biggie, is an amazing lyricist who's never been too far from controversy. Here's what he said: 'I had 'Who Shot Ya' with Keith Murray's verse. To this day, no one still has that record. [Laughs.] You only heard Keith Murray's verse on the Mary [J. Blige My Life interlude]. But his whole verse wasn't on there, [it was just a snippet that faded in and out]. I had the full version.''' " (The italics and brackets are native to this source.)</ref> Recalled as "menacing magic" that helps "define New York rap," "Who Shot Ya" was "controversial and hugely influential." Widely interpreted as a taunt at 2Pac,Carrie Golus, "Tupac shot" & "East Coast vs. West Coast", pp 55 & 56, in USA Today Lifeline Biographies: Tupac Shakur: Hip-Hop Idol (Minneapolis, MN: Twenty-First Century Books/Learner Publishing Group, 2011). the single provoked a "rap battle" between the two rappers,Cheryl Lynette Keyes, Rap Music and Street Consciousness (Urbana & Chicago: University of Illinois Press, 2004), p 168. formerly friends.

Paragraph 6: On the morning of October 28, Ryabtsev demanded that Berzin surrender the Kremlin, saying that the city is under their control. Not knowing the actual situation and having no connection with the Military Revolutionary Committee, Berzin decided to surrender the Kremlin [18]. The commander of the Armored Company of the 6th School of Ensigns demanded that the soldiers of the 56th Regiment surrender their weapons. The soldiers began to disarm and two companies of Cadets entered the Kremlin. According to the official Soviet version, based on the stories of the surviving soldiers of the 56th Regiment, after the captives surrendered their weapons, they were shot from small arms and machine guns trying to flee.On the morning of the 28th at 7 o'clock. Comrade Berzin collected us and said: ‘Comrades, I received an ultimatum and went into meditation for 20 minutes. The whole city is controlled by the other side.’ Left alone, isolated from the city, and not knowing what is happening outside the walls of the Kremlin, we decided to surrender with Comrade Berzin. Stole the machine guns to the arsenal, opened the gates and went to the barracks. In less than 30 minutes, an order was issued to go into the yard of the Kremlin and line up. Knowing nothing, we did so and saw that our "guests" came to us-the company of the cadets, the same armored cars that we did not let into the Kremlin last night, and one three-inch gun. All were built up before us. We were ordered to settle in front of the district court. The Junkers surrounded us with rifles at the ready. Some of them occupied the barracks in the doors, in the windows, too. A machine gun crackled at us from the Troitsky Gate. We were in a panic. Who rushed around. Whoever wanted to go to the barracks, they were beaten by bayonets. Some of us rushed to the school ensigns, and the ensigns threw a bomb. We found ourselves surrounded in a noose. A groan, the cries of our comrades wounded ... In 8 minutes, the massacre was over.According to another version, when the soldiers saw that only two companies of Junkers had entered, they made an attempt to regain possession of their weapons, but this attempt failed, and many soldiers were killed or injured by machine-gun fire. According to the recollections of the Junkers involved in the Kremlin's seizure, the surrender of the Kremlin was a tactical move in which the soldiers of the 56th Regiment attempted to drive the Junker Companies into a trap, which resulted in mass slaughter:On the Senate Square was the whole regiment, in front of which was thrown a heap of weapons which they were handing over. In the barracks, I found a handful of soldiers, and, to my surprise, a lot of undiscarded weapons ... Suddenly I heard shots; glancing out the window, I saw that the soldiers as if they had been knocked down, were falling, and there was some kind of confusion in the square; Because of this, [I] quit my occupation and with my people quickly ran to the square, but on the stairs, many soldiers ran towards us. It turns out that the plan for the 56th Regiment was as follows: letting a small number of Junkers into the Kremlin and, apparently, obeying them, at the signal to rush and destroy them; The soldiers who fled to meet us were supposed to pick up weapons in the barracks and attack the cadets. [...] When everything more or less calmed down, we went to the square; there were wounded and killed soldiers and a cadet [...] It turned out that when the 56th Regiment made up of mainly cadets, and the shots that were fired from the barracks or the Arsenal were fired into the cadets - this was the signal for the remaining in the barracks to begin shooting with retained rifles from the upper rooms into the cadets on the square, behind the pile of weapons. The soldiers we met on the stairs ran. In response, the cadets opened fire ...In the official report of the chief of the Moscow Artillery Warehouse, Major-General Kaihorodov, it is written that the cadets opened fire from machine guns after "several shots" that were heard from "somewhere". According to various estimates, as a result of the shooting, 50 to 300 soldiers were killed. According to Ratkovsky, "six cadets and about two hundred soldiers were killed and wounded".

Paragraph 7: Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Italian military and political circles vigorously debated the role and necessity of aircraft carriers in the expanding Italian fleet. Gino Ducci (Regia Marina chief of staff in the early 1920s), Romeo Bernotti (assistant chief of staff) and naval officer Giuseppe Fioravanzo all championed development of a fleet air arm, the building of aircraft carriers and consolidation of the air and naval academies. Other factions opposed these ideas, especially carrier construction, not so much on the grounds of military usefulness, but rather on cost and practicality. More than anything else, Italy's limited industrial capacity, inadequate shipyard space and lack of financial capital prevented her from building the kind of well-balanced fleet envisioned by her naval theorists. Priority went to those ships deemed most necessary in a future conflict.

Paragraph 8: Entering Portage County and Kent, SR 59 is part of West Main Street. At the intersection with Longmere Drive, SR 59 continues east onto Haymaker Parkway, a five-lane roadway that carries it over all three railroad lines in Kent and Cuyahoga River and bypasses downtown Kent to the south and east. Just west of the bridge over Cuyahoga River, southbound State Route 43 joins from South Mantua Street, while northbound 43 leaves at River Street. State Routes 43 and 59 are cosigned for a short distance, crossing the Cuyahoga River and two railroad lines. Just east of the bridge, at South Water Street, southbound 43 exits the concurrency, while northbound 43 enters. At Willow Street, SR 59 joins East Main Street and passes the campus of Kent State University. After leaving the Kent city limits into Franklin Township, the roadway is known as Kent–Ravenna Road. In Franklin Township, SR 59 meets the eastern terminus of SR 261, the fourth junction with 261. The route continues east into Ravenna Township and becomes West Main Street as it enters Ravenna. Continuing east into downtown Ravenna, the roadway becomes East Main Street after crossing Chestnut Street. Just east of the downtown area Freedom Street, SR 59 meets the southern terminus of State Route 88 and passes through the East Main Street Historic District. Just past the eastern city limits, in an area known as Cotton Corners, the roadway becomes Ravenna–Warren Road and intersects with State Routes 44 and 14 (Cleveland–East Liverpool Road). Just under  east is the eastern terminus of SR 59 at a junction with State Route 5. Ravenna–Warren Road continues east as SR 5.

Paragraph 9: In econometrics, as in statistics in general, it is presupposed that the quantities being analyzed can be treated as random variables. An econometric model then is a set of joint probability distributions to which the true joint probability distribution of the variables under study is supposed to belong. In the case in which the elements of this set can be indexed by a finite number of real-valued parameters, the model is called a parametric model; otherwise it is a nonparametric or semiparametric model. A large part of econometrics is the study of methods for selecting models, estimating them, and carrying out inference on them.

Paragraph 10: American musician Prince is known for offering studio albums free with various newspaper publications. His 2007 album Planet Earth was the first to be given this treatment, in the United Kingdom, in partnership with The Mail on Sunday. His new album 20Ten was released in 2010, in Belgium, under the same circumstances, with the same happening for the album with other publications across Europe. Pop rock band McFly too released a covermount album, which was Radio:Active (their fourth studio album). Other artists known to release covermount albums are UB40, Peter Gabriel, Calvin Harris and Soulwax. In April 2007, EMI licensed the Mail on Sunday to cover-mount 2.25 million copies of Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells shortly before the rights on it were due to revert to him, something about which the artist was not best pleased. The NME have also had a long history with covermount releases, from the influential cassette compilations C81 anD C86, mix albums like NME Dust Up, mixed by The Chemical Brothers, and Beat up the NME, mixed by Fatboy Slim, as well as albums in which you would have to send a token to the NME in exchange for the covermount release, including Capital Radio by The Clash and Ally Pally Paradiso by BAD II.

Paragraph 11: Students frequently have an opportunity to specialize in one or more aspects of library and information science. It is common for these types of librarians to hold dual master's degrees. They may choose specializations that serve law and medical institutions and their higher education equivalents, law school and medical school. Most law librarians are required to hold both a master's degree in the library field as well as a law degree (the Juris Doctor, or J.D.). Law librarians often work in a specialized law library, law office, or within a government agency. They often have advanced knowledge of law library classification systems (including the Moys Classification Scheme outside the U.S.) and government documents. Medical librarians often hold an undergraduate degree in a pre-medical field such as biology. Like the law librarian, they may have a second master's degree, often a Master of Public Health (MPH). Some additionally hold a practicing medical credential, such as a Registered Nurse (RN). Medical librarians can also acquire an advanced medical librarian credential that is commonly required for medical library directors in the U.S., called the Academy of Health Information Professionals (AHIP) credential, offered through the Medical Library Association. In their careers, medical librarians are often expected to gain clinical experience working in a hospital environment or academic experience within a medical school. Specializations like archival science, heritage studies, and museum studies are closely tied to the history professions; therefore, an undergraduate or graduate degree in history can be especially valuable. Another specialization is K–12 librarianship. The curriculum for this specialization varies significantly from the others by focusing on developing the student's knowledge of educational principals (pedagogy) and the acquisition of skills to meet state educational requirements pertaining to child learning development. School librarians need to acquire state certification prior to being hired. An undergraduate or graduate degree in education and being a certified teacher is often a desired, but not required, qualification.

Paragraph 12: American musician Prince is known for offering studio albums free with various newspaper publications. His 2007 album Planet Earth was the first to be given this treatment, in the United Kingdom, in partnership with The Mail on Sunday. His new album 20Ten was released in 2010, in Belgium, under the same circumstances, with the same happening for the album with other publications across Europe. Pop rock band McFly too released a covermount album, which was Radio:Active (their fourth studio album). Other artists known to release covermount albums are UB40, Peter Gabriel, Calvin Harris and Soulwax. In April 2007, EMI licensed the Mail on Sunday to cover-mount 2.25 million copies of Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells shortly before the rights on it were due to revert to him, something about which the artist was not best pleased. The NME have also had a long history with covermount releases, from the influential cassette compilations C81 anD C86, mix albums like NME Dust Up, mixed by The Chemical Brothers, and Beat up the NME, mixed by Fatboy Slim, as well as albums in which you would have to send a token to the NME in exchange for the covermount release, including Capital Radio by The Clash and Ally Pally Paradiso by BAD II.

Paragraph 13: The "Treatment" phase is generally a more painful endurance exercise, such as sleeping on a bed of small rods, spinning quickly around in a chair, or "jumping" a heavy rope.  Some Treatments are simply endurance tests with no set bounds, while other Treatments are broken into a number of rounds with increasingly more difficult goals to achieve.  In the latter case, if a player cannot finish a round, they are sometimes given the opportunity to do a penalty round to catch up, though further exhausting that player. Some treatments would have each round be competitive. In this case, the player who did the best in each round was allowed to skip the next round, while the player who did the worst had to do the penalty round, which increased in difficulty with each penalty round endured. At any time during the Treatment, a player may hit the red button to quit the Treatment, at which point they no longer have to participate; they also may be forced to press the red button should they break any of the rules of the Treatment (in particular, if a contestant vomits during a Treatment where food items are being consumed, Val declares that "your body will have quit for you").  However, the first player to hit the red button during the treatment will be required to leave the show. (There was one instance in season two when Val decided prior to one particular Treatment that no one would be excluded, although no mention was made of this until after the Treatment was over.) The other players are not told when a player has left the Treatment, and generally the Treatment continues from the end of one show into the start of the next with the remaining players attempting to outlast the others.  After a given amount of time or a number of rounds, Val will inform the remaining players the Treatment is over, allowing them to continue in the game. Shortly thereafter, Val will notify the remaining contestants as to which guest has been eliminated.

Paragraph 14: Both Behrendt and Hoffmann undertook a number of trips between West Germany and Lebanon during the second half of 1980. On 26 September 1980, while the focus media attention was brutally drawn to the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich, the two men were finalising plans for another overland “military convoy” to Lebanon. A disruptive development that they had not foreseen was the arrest of a number of WSG members in the immediate aftermath of the beer festival atrocity in Munich. The authorities searched Hoffmann’s apartment where they found a photo report about the WSG that had been cut from the pages of the Milan-based news magazine ”Oggi” (‘’Today’’). The article presented Hoffmann and Shlomo Lewin as political opponents According to at least one source it reported warnings about the WSG that Lewin had shared with the Italian journalists. On 29 September 1980 West German Intelligence notified the Bavarian Criminal Office that Hoffmann had used the article in Oggi to persuade PLO negotiating partners that he was a true “enemy of Zionism and Jewry”. (For the PLO leadership, locked in a bitter existential struggle against the state of Israel this was very important.) The intelligence service believed that persuading PLO interlocutors to support their organisation's cooperation with the WSG was central to Hoffmann's plans for his organisation. It was also on 29 September that WSG members, rounded up three days earlier in the wake of the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich were released, indicating that the prosecuting authorities were convinced that the WSG had not been implicated in that event. Just a week later, on 6 October 2022 Hoffmann returned to Lebanon. Here he gave vent to an antisemitic conspiracy theory: he told anyone listening that Israeli intelligence had planned and carried out the Oktoberfest atrocity, and that they had been motivated in their actions by the wish to torpedo collaboration between the WSG and the PLO and at the same time to eliminate Hoffmann. This version of events was published as a printed pamphlet. The pamphlet was circulated among WSG members. Irrespective of how many people believed the purportedly factual aspects of it, it fuelled the rage of the right-wing extremist against those who, allegedly, had conspired to destroy Hoffmann and the WSG. In Germany, and especially in the region surrounding Nuremberg (in which both Shlomo Lewin and, when he was in Germany, Hoffmann lived) it gave renewed impetus in many quarters to an enduring belief in some form of personal vendetta between Hoffmann and Lewin.

Paragraph 15: American musician Prince is known for offering studio albums free with various newspaper publications. His 2007 album Planet Earth was the first to be given this treatment, in the United Kingdom, in partnership with The Mail on Sunday. His new album 20Ten was released in 2010, in Belgium, under the same circumstances, with the same happening for the album with other publications across Europe. Pop rock band McFly too released a covermount album, which was Radio:Active (their fourth studio album). Other artists known to release covermount albums are UB40, Peter Gabriel, Calvin Harris and Soulwax. In April 2007, EMI licensed the Mail on Sunday to cover-mount 2.25 million copies of Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells shortly before the rights on it were due to revert to him, something about which the artist was not best pleased. The NME have also had a long history with covermount releases, from the influential cassette compilations C81 anD C86, mix albums like NME Dust Up, mixed by The Chemical Brothers, and Beat up the NME, mixed by Fatboy Slim, as well as albums in which you would have to send a token to the NME in exchange for the covermount release, including Capital Radio by The Clash and Ally Pally Paradiso by BAD II.

Paragraph 16: In econometrics, as in statistics in general, it is presupposed that the quantities being analyzed can be treated as random variables. An econometric model then is a set of joint probability distributions to which the true joint probability distribution of the variables under study is supposed to belong. In the case in which the elements of this set can be indexed by a finite number of real-valued parameters, the model is called a parametric model; otherwise it is a nonparametric or semiparametric model. A large part of econometrics is the study of methods for selecting models, estimating them, and carrying out inference on them.

Paragraph 17: Both Behrendt and Hoffmann undertook a number of trips between West Germany and Lebanon during the second half of 1980. On 26 September 1980, while the focus media attention was brutally drawn to the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich, the two men were finalising plans for another overland “military convoy” to Lebanon. A disruptive development that they had not foreseen was the arrest of a number of WSG members in the immediate aftermath of the beer festival atrocity in Munich. The authorities searched Hoffmann’s apartment where they found a photo report about the WSG that had been cut from the pages of the Milan-based news magazine ”Oggi” (‘’Today’’). The article presented Hoffmann and Shlomo Lewin as political opponents According to at least one source it reported warnings about the WSG that Lewin had shared with the Italian journalists. On 29 September 1980 West German Intelligence notified the Bavarian Criminal Office that Hoffmann had used the article in Oggi to persuade PLO negotiating partners that he was a true “enemy of Zionism and Jewry”. (For the PLO leadership, locked in a bitter existential struggle against the state of Israel this was very important.) The intelligence service believed that persuading PLO interlocutors to support their organisation's cooperation with the WSG was central to Hoffmann's plans for his organisation. It was also on 29 September that WSG members, rounded up three days earlier in the wake of the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich were released, indicating that the prosecuting authorities were convinced that the WSG had not been implicated in that event. Just a week later, on 6 October 2022 Hoffmann returned to Lebanon. Here he gave vent to an antisemitic conspiracy theory: he told anyone listening that Israeli intelligence had planned and carried out the Oktoberfest atrocity, and that they had been motivated in their actions by the wish to torpedo collaboration between the WSG and the PLO and at the same time to eliminate Hoffmann. This version of events was published as a printed pamphlet. The pamphlet was circulated among WSG members. Irrespective of how many people believed the purportedly factual aspects of it, it fuelled the rage of the right-wing extremist against those who, allegedly, had conspired to destroy Hoffmann and the WSG. In Germany, and especially in the region surrounding Nuremberg (in which both Shlomo Lewin and, when he was in Germany, Hoffmann lived) it gave renewed impetus in many quarters to an enduring belief in some form of personal vendetta between Hoffmann and Lewin.

Paragraph 18: On 9 December 1858, Mactavish was appointed the role of Governor of Assiniboia. When he arrived in Red River, he was reported as having energy, determination, and good mental character. Mactavish believed that the political realm of his title was not a position that he would excel in. Mactavish felt that the position as a "stoker in hell" would have been more appealing than Governor of Assiniboia. Mactvish viewed political life as disgusting, and was "anxious" for the appointment to be over. Mactavish was very open and clear in his dissatisfaction with the job. Due to his Métis wife, and his career in the HBC and the fur trade, Mactavish had Métis sympathies, and in the political climate of the time, siding with the Métis would create conflict. Further, the HBC was an unpopular administration at the time, because the rising popular interest was in the annexing of Red River, and Mactavish just simply did not want to deal with it. Regardless of his hatred for his job, Mactavish performed well, and created a great deal of positivity in the settlement. He made many changes in the settlement, including the implementation of a semi-weekly mail, and developing Fort Garry as a central point of business, which, in turn, increased the importance of the settlement.

Paragraph 19: Both Behrendt and Hoffmann undertook a number of trips between West Germany and Lebanon during the second half of 1980. On 26 September 1980, while the focus media attention was brutally drawn to the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich, the two men were finalising plans for another overland “military convoy” to Lebanon. A disruptive development that they had not foreseen was the arrest of a number of WSG members in the immediate aftermath of the beer festival atrocity in Munich. The authorities searched Hoffmann’s apartment where they found a photo report about the WSG that had been cut from the pages of the Milan-based news magazine ”Oggi” (‘’Today’’). The article presented Hoffmann and Shlomo Lewin as political opponents According to at least one source it reported warnings about the WSG that Lewin had shared with the Italian journalists. On 29 September 1980 West German Intelligence notified the Bavarian Criminal Office that Hoffmann had used the article in Oggi to persuade PLO negotiating partners that he was a true “enemy of Zionism and Jewry”. (For the PLO leadership, locked in a bitter existential struggle against the state of Israel this was very important.) The intelligence service believed that persuading PLO interlocutors to support their organisation's cooperation with the WSG was central to Hoffmann's plans for his organisation. It was also on 29 September that WSG members, rounded up three days earlier in the wake of the Oktoberfest bombing in Munich were released, indicating that the prosecuting authorities were convinced that the WSG had not been implicated in that event. Just a week later, on 6 October 2022 Hoffmann returned to Lebanon. Here he gave vent to an antisemitic conspiracy theory: he told anyone listening that Israeli intelligence had planned and carried out the Oktoberfest atrocity, and that they had been motivated in their actions by the wish to torpedo collaboration between the WSG and the PLO and at the same time to eliminate Hoffmann. This version of events was published as a printed pamphlet. The pamphlet was circulated among WSG members. Irrespective of how many people believed the purportedly factual aspects of it, it fuelled the rage of the right-wing extremist against those who, allegedly, had conspired to destroy Hoffmann and the WSG. In Germany, and especially in the region surrounding Nuremberg (in which both Shlomo Lewin and, when he was in Germany, Hoffmann lived) it gave renewed impetus in many quarters to an enduring belief in some form of personal vendetta between Hoffmann and Lewin.

Paragraph 20:  Durability. Real estate is durable. A building can last for decades or even centuries, and the land underneath it is practically indestructible. As a result, real estate markets are modelled as a stock/flow market. Although the proportion is highly variable over time, the vast majority of the building supply consists of the stock of existing buildings, while a small proportion consists of the flow of new development. The stock of real estate supply in any period is determined by the existing stock in the previous period, the rate of deterioration of the existing stock, the rate of renovation of the existing stock, and the flow of new development in the current period. The effect of real estate market adjustments tend to be mitigated by the relatively large stock of existing buildings.

Paragraph 21: The "Treatment" phase is generally a more painful endurance exercise, such as sleeping on a bed of small rods, spinning quickly around in a chair, or "jumping" a heavy rope.  Some Treatments are simply endurance tests with no set bounds, while other Treatments are broken into a number of rounds with increasingly more difficult goals to achieve.  In the latter case, if a player cannot finish a round, they are sometimes given the opportunity to do a penalty round to catch up, though further exhausting that player. Some treatments would have each round be competitive. In this case, the player who did the best in each round was allowed to skip the next round, while the player who did the worst had to do the penalty round, which increased in difficulty with each penalty round endured. At any time during the Treatment, a player may hit the red button to quit the Treatment, at which point they no longer have to participate; they also may be forced to press the red button should they break any of the rules of the Treatment (in particular, if a contestant vomits during a Treatment where food items are being consumed, Val declares that "your body will have quit for you").  However, the first player to hit the red button during the treatment will be required to leave the show. (There was one instance in season two when Val decided prior to one particular Treatment that no one would be excluded, although no mention was made of this until after the Treatment was over.) The other players are not told when a player has left the Treatment, and generally the Treatment continues from the end of one show into the start of the next with the remaining players attempting to outlast the others.  After a given amount of time or a number of rounds, Val will inform the remaining players the Treatment is over, allowing them to continue in the game. Shortly thereafter, Val will notify the remaining contestants as to which guest has been eliminated.

Paragraph 22: A peak of eternal light (PEL) is a hypothetical point on the surface of an astronomical body that is always in sunlight. Such a peak must have high latitude, high elevation, and be on a body with very small axial tilt. The existence of such peaks was first postulated by Beer and Mädler in 1837. The pair said about the lunar polar mountains: "...many of these peaks have (with the exception of eclipses caused by the Earth) eternal sunshine". These polar peaks were later mentioned by Camille Flammarion in 1879, who speculated that there may exist  at the poles of the Moon. PELs would be advantageous for space exploration and colonization due to the ability of an electrical device located there to receive solar power regardless of the time of day or day of the year, and the relatively stable temperature range.

Paragraph 23: During the time Brassey was building the early French railways, Britain was experiencing what was known as the "railway mania", when there was massive investment in the railways.  Large numbers of lines were being built, but not all of them were built to Brassey's high standards.  Brassey was involved in this expansion but was careful to choose his contracts and investors so that he could maintain his standards. During the one year of 1845 he agreed no less than nine contracts in England, Scotland and Wales, with a mileage totalling over . In 1844 Brassey and Locke began building the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway of , which was considered to be one of their greatest lines.  It passed through the Lune Valley and then over Shap Fell.  Its summit was  high and the line had steep gradients, the maximum being 1 in 75.  To the south the line linked by way of the Preston–Lancaster line to the Grand Junction Railway. Two important contracts undertaken in 1845 were the Trent Valley Railway of  and the Chester and Holyhead line of .  The former line joined the London and Birmingham Railway at Rugby to the Grand Junction Railway south of Stafford providing a line from London to Scotland which bypassed Birmingham.  The latter line provided a link between London and the ferries sailing from Holyhead to Ireland and included Robert Stephenson's tubular Britannia Bridge over the Menai Strait.  Also in 1845 Brassey received contracts for the Caledonian Railway which linked the railway at Carlisle with Glasgow and Edinburgh, covering a total distance of  and passing over Beattock Summit.  His engineer on this project was George Heald. That same year he also began contracts for other railways in Scotland, and in 1846 he started building parts of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway between Hull and Liverpool, across the Pennines.

Paragraph 24: A peak of eternal light (PEL) is a hypothetical point on the surface of an astronomical body that is always in sunlight. Such a peak must have high latitude, high elevation, and be on a body with very small axial tilt. The existence of such peaks was first postulated by Beer and Mädler in 1837. The pair said about the lunar polar mountains: "...many of these peaks have (with the exception of eclipses caused by the Earth) eternal sunshine". These polar peaks were later mentioned by Camille Flammarion in 1879, who speculated that there may exist  at the poles of the Moon. PELs would be advantageous for space exploration and colonization due to the ability of an electrical device located there to receive solar power regardless of the time of day or day of the year, and the relatively stable temperature range.

Paragraph 25: "Who Shot Ya" or often "Who Shot Ya?" is a song by Brooklyn, New York, rapper the Notorious B.I.G., also called Biggie Smalls, backed by Sean Combs as the "hype man". Puffy's emerging record label, Bad Boy Entertainment, released it on February 21, 1995, on an alternate reissue of Biggie's single "Big Poppa/Warning," out since December 5, 1994. While this 1994 release climbed the Billboard Hot 100, its new B side "Who Shot Ya"—now Biggie's "most infamous classic," with an instrumental now iconic—revised some vocals of a "Who Shot Ya" track, rapped by Biggie and Keith Murray, already issued on a mixtape from a Harlem DJ earlier in 1995.<ref name=":4222222">Bandini, "DJ SNS liberates the original mixtape version of Biggie's 'Who Shot Ya' with a Keith Murray verse (audio)", AmbrosiaForHeads.com, 17 Mar 2014, embeds a YouTube video of a still image plus audio, and wholly addresses the topic: "One particular standout from Stan Ipcus's stellar feature is the bit on 'Who Shot Ya?.' The controversial song, produced by Nashiem Myrick & Diddy (who chillingly flipped a sample by Isaac Hayes' production partner David Porter), featured some uncharacteristic ad-lib shots from Puff Daddy at the time, and seemed to chide 2Pac into the beef that would transpire less than a year later. Like so many great myths surrounding The Notorious B.I.G. and mid-'90s Bad Boy, SNS maintains that his version, hitting the streets first in 1995, featured Keith Murray. While the Def Squad MC's lyrics would later be re-purposed to a Mary J. Blige interlude, with the interview, SNS digitized this moment in time. K.M., like Biggie, is an amazing lyricist who's never been too far from controversy. Here's what he said: 'I had 'Who Shot Ya' with Keith Murray's verse. To this day, no one still has that record. [Laughs.] You only heard Keith Murray's verse on the Mary [J. Blige My Life interlude]. But his whole verse wasn't on there, [it was just a snippet that faded in and out]. I had the full version.''' " (The italics and brackets are native to this source.)</ref> Recalled as "menacing magic" that helps "define New York rap," "Who Shot Ya" was "controversial and hugely influential." Widely interpreted as a taunt at 2Pac,Carrie Golus, "Tupac shot" & "East Coast vs. West Coast", pp 55 & 56, in USA Today Lifeline Biographies: Tupac Shakur: Hip-Hop Idol (Minneapolis, MN: Twenty-First Century Books/Learner Publishing Group, 2011). the single provoked a "rap battle" between the two rappers,Cheryl Lynette Keyes, Rap Music and Street Consciousness (Urbana & Chicago: University of Illinois Press, 2004), p 168. formerly friends.

Paragraph 26: Millonarios has participated in the Categoría Primera A since its inception in 1948, being one of only three teams to have participated in all of its tournaments, along with Independiente Santa Fe and Atlético Nacional. Millonarios competes in the Clásico Capitalino against home-town rivals Independiente Santa Fe and the Clásico Añejo against Deportivo Cali and also has a strong rivalry with América de Cali. Since the start of the Colombian championship in 1948, Millonarios has won the most local titles and formed a team called the "Ballet Azul", which was a reference of great importance worldwide during the first part of the 1950s, being considered by various South American and European specialists as the best team in the world when it achieved a large number of triumphs and international achievements of great relevance and importance for the time. During this period, Millonarios had prominent figures in world football such as Alfredo Di Stéfano, Adolfo Pedernera, Néstor Rossi, and Julio Cozzi, who played crucial roles in the team's success. Di Stefano, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, joined Millonarios in 1949 and played for the team until 1953. During this period, Millonarios won the Copa Colombia in 1951 and the Colombian league championship in 1949, 1951, and 1952. Among its accomplishments, the team won the first edition of the Small World Cup of Clubs in 1953, the Golden Wedding Championship against Real Madrid in 1952, which the team won at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, and the Duelo de Campeones Trophies in 1950 and 1951. Their participations at these tournaments gave rise team's nickname of "Ambassador" as the club was representing Colombia at these tournaments.

Paragraph 27: Instead of a spinoff, Larroquette and Don Reo developed a show revolving around some of Larroquette's own personal demons, particularly alcoholism. The John Larroquette Show, named by the insistence of NBC, starred Larroquette as the character John Hemingway. The show was lauded by critics, but failed to attract the prime-time audience, ranking around number 97 for most of the first season.  NBC threatened cancellation; however, Larroquette and Reo were granted the chance to retool the series, which saw it carry on for just over two more seasons.  The show has a loyal cult following, although the series has never received an official home video release from Warner Bros.