Paragraph 1: In 2010 Staal realized the exhibitions Art, Property of Politics and Art, Property of Politics II: Freethinkers’ Space, in 2011 Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture  and in 2012 Art, Property of Politics IV: Freethinkers' Space in which he researched the role of contemporary art in the political process. The first part took place in exhibition space TENT. in Rotterdam, during the municipal elections of 2010, in which he showed the artworks of all parties involved in the elections. The second part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, the Netherlands and existed of artworks that were selected by the liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie, VVD) and the far-right Party for Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV) in their so-called ‘Freethinkers’ Space’: and exhibition space that the parties opened in Dutch parliament for artists that had dealt with religious (Islamic) censorship. The third part opened in Extra City in Antwerp, and continued in the form of a theater piece in Frascati in Amsterdam. Central in the project is a thesis entitled Closed Architecture (2004) written by the far-right MP Fleur Agema, number two on the list of the Dutch Freedom Party (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV). The thesis comprises a sketch for a new prison model, which Agema has developed during her master's degree in Interior Design. In the project Staal expanded Agema's sketches into a fully developed model.<ref>Website Jonas Staal [http://www.jonasstaal.nl/works/kunstbezitIII_en.html Documentation of the publication, film and maquette 'Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture] </ref> Moreover, it investigates the extent to which her earlier architectural work is the blueprint from which she now exerts an influence on current government policies, and hence the organization of our present society.Staal, Jonas (08-12-2011) “De samenleving als gevangenis”, Groene Amsterdammer  The fourth part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven and in art space De Appel in Amsterdam as a result of an open call made by Rogier Verkroost, politician for the social-liberal Democrats 66 party, and GreenLeft politician Jesse Klaver to immediately re-open the Freethinkers’ SpaceGroenlinks.nl (12-11-2011) Klaver neemt Vrijdenkersruimte over’ that had been closed in 2011 by the liberal VVD and extreme-right PVV. The creation of these new Freethinker's spaces was supported by Staal and the museum. Verkroost's and Klaver's Freethinkers‘ Spaces opened in September 2012,Klaver, Jesse (17-11-3012) ‘Nederland als Vrijdenkersruimte’, Freethinkers' Lecture on website Joop.nl followed in Amsterdam by a Freethinkers’ Space curated by Carolien Gehrels, alderman for arts and culture for the Labour Party in Amsterdam.

Paragraph 2: Fremont was offended at serving under Pope, whom he outranked, and resigned his command. Major General Franz Sigel thus assumed command of the corps on June 29. Many of the German soldiers could speak little English beyond "I fights mit Sigel" ("I'll fight with Sigel"), which was their proud slogan. President Lincoln chose Sigel less for his military skills than his influence on this crucial political constituency. In early August, Louis Blenker stepped down from command due to the lingering effects of an injury sustained during the spring; he died in October 1863. Sigel was in command at the Second Battle of Bull Run, where the corps was in the thick of the fighting, losing 295 killed, 1,361 wounded, and 431 missing; total, 2,087. At this time, the three divisions were commanded by Generals Robert C. Schenck, Adolph von Steinwehr, and Carl Schurz; there was also an independent brigade attached, under the command of Brig. Gen. Robert H. Milroy. During the first day of the battle, the corps performed a series of unsuccessful assaults on Stonewall Jackson's center and left flank. On the second day, it was in the middle of the desperate fighting against James Longstreet's Confederates on Chinn Ridge, where Sigel and Schneck were wounded and Col. John Koltes, one of the brigade commanders, was killed.

Paragraph 3: Delgado made his debut in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) on the November 3, 1997 episode of Raw is War as part of its newly relaunched Light Heavyweight division at the age of 19, wrestling under the ring name Águila. This period included a match with Taka Michinoku at WrestleMania XIV for the Light Heavyweight Championship. On the May 9, 1998 edition of Shotgun Saturday Night Delgado re-debuted under the name Papi Chulo, this time wrestling without a mask. He had a high-flying match with Michinoku during Extreme Championship Wrestling's 1999 Cyberslam event before capturing the WWF Light Heavyweight title from Gillberg on his 'debut' as Essa Ríos during the February 13, 2000 edition of Sunday Night Heat. His reign was a short-lived one, as he would lose the title to Dean Malenko a few weeks later. During his time as Essa Ríos, he was managed by Lita who would often repeat Ríos's finishing moves on wrestlers he had just beaten after a match. He and Lita had a feud with Eddie Guerrero and Chyna which led to a European title match between Ríos and then-champion Guerrero at Backlash, which Ríos lost. Ríos' partnership with Lita ended sometime later after an angry Ríos attacked Lita because he had lost a match. It was there that the Hardy Boyz came to Lita's rescue and feuded with him briefly, with Lita becoming their protégé. Ríos lapsed into obscurity by late 2000 but did have a brief feud with Kurt Angle that culminated in a main event match on Sunday Night Heat.

Paragraph 4: In 2010 Staal realized the exhibitions Art, Property of Politics and Art, Property of Politics II: Freethinkers’ Space, in 2011 Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture  and in 2012 Art, Property of Politics IV: Freethinkers' Space in which he researched the role of contemporary art in the political process. The first part took place in exhibition space TENT. in Rotterdam, during the municipal elections of 2010, in which he showed the artworks of all parties involved in the elections. The second part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, the Netherlands and existed of artworks that were selected by the liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie, VVD) and the far-right Party for Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV) in their so-called ‘Freethinkers’ Space’: and exhibition space that the parties opened in Dutch parliament for artists that had dealt with religious (Islamic) censorship. The third part opened in Extra City in Antwerp, and continued in the form of a theater piece in Frascati in Amsterdam. Central in the project is a thesis entitled Closed Architecture (2004) written by the far-right MP Fleur Agema, number two on the list of the Dutch Freedom Party (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV). The thesis comprises a sketch for a new prison model, which Agema has developed during her master's degree in Interior Design. In the project Staal expanded Agema's sketches into a fully developed model.<ref>Website Jonas Staal [http://www.jonasstaal.nl/works/kunstbezitIII_en.html Documentation of the publication, film and maquette 'Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture] </ref> Moreover, it investigates the extent to which her earlier architectural work is the blueprint from which she now exerts an influence on current government policies, and hence the organization of our present society.Staal, Jonas (08-12-2011) “De samenleving als gevangenis”, Groene Amsterdammer  The fourth part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven and in art space De Appel in Amsterdam as a result of an open call made by Rogier Verkroost, politician for the social-liberal Democrats 66 party, and GreenLeft politician Jesse Klaver to immediately re-open the Freethinkers’ SpaceGroenlinks.nl (12-11-2011) Klaver neemt Vrijdenkersruimte over’ that had been closed in 2011 by the liberal VVD and extreme-right PVV. The creation of these new Freethinker's spaces was supported by Staal and the museum. Verkroost's and Klaver's Freethinkers‘ Spaces opened in September 2012,Klaver, Jesse (17-11-3012) ‘Nederland als Vrijdenkersruimte’, Freethinkers' Lecture on website Joop.nl followed in Amsterdam by a Freethinkers’ Space curated by Carolien Gehrels, alderman for arts and culture for the Labour Party in Amsterdam.

Paragraph 5: Rümmelsheim had a Jewish community until 1906. It arose in the early 19th century. As far back as the 16th century, though, there were Jews living in the village. In 1548, a man named Mosse von Rimelsheim had his name included on a protection money list. However, no further record of Jews in Rümmelsheim crops up until the 19th century. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808, there were 31 (of all together 405 inhabitants); in 1843, 48 (of 654); in 1848, 48 (in 9 families); in 1858, 45 (of 743); in 1885, 29 (of 896). In 1823, the Jewish families living in Waldalgesheim and Weiler bei Bingen were assigned to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Until then, the Jews in Waldalgesheim had felt more like part of the Schweppenhausen synagogue congregation, while the ones in Weiler had felt the same way about belonging to the congregation in Bingen. Until 1892, the Jewish families living in Bingerbrück also belonged to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Living in Waldalgesheim in 1823 were 8 Jews, and by 1843 it was 9 (of all together 860 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 8 again (Families Simon Stern and Schlachter), in 1858 it was 5 (of 915) and in 1885, 11 (of 1,230). Living in Weiler in 1823 were 5 Jews, and by 1843 it was 24 (of all together 884 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 12 (in 3 families), in 1858 it was 6 (of 1,033) and in 1885, 2 (of 1,394). In 1850, the following Jewish families were living in the three villages: in Rümmelsheim: Mathias Marx, David Marx, Mathias Marx, Coppel Mayer, Jacob Stern, Sebastian Stern, Raphael Stern, Servatius Stern, Joseph Stern, Joseph Marx and Carl Wohlgemuth; in Waldalgesheim: Simon Stern; in Weiler: Joseph Berg and Wendel Berg. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish religious school and a graveyard in Rümmelsheim where Jews from both Rümmelsheim and Waldalgesheim were buried (see Jewish graveyard below); the Jews in Weiler had their own graveyard. To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet. The Jews in Weiler also availed themselves of his services, for they could not afford their own. In 1848, Carl Wohlgemuth was working as an "unpaid cantor". He was at the same time the synagogue head, but had to take his leave in 1852 on health grounds. His successor was Raphael Stern. A few years later, the synagogue head was Ferdinand Stern, and beginning in 1885, Elias Stern. Towards the end of the 19th century, most of the Jewish families moved away from the village, and in 1906, the Rümmelsheim Jewish community was dissolved. The last member of the former Jewish community moved to Bingen in 1918. In 1925, no more Jewish inhabitants were being counted in Rümmelsheim. Still living in Waldalgesheim were master butcher Sally Stern's and tradesman Willy Hessel's families, while Simon Berg's family still lived in Weiler. The first two managed to emigrate to the United States. Simon Berg, then living in Bingen, and his daughter Lilly, then living in Friedberg, were both deported to the camps. According to the Gedenkbuch – Opfer der Verfolgung der Juden unter der nationalsozialistischen Gewaltherrschaft in Deutschland 1933-1945 ("Memorial Book – Victims of the Persecution of the Jews under National Socialist Tyranny") and Yad Vashem, of all Jews who either were born in Rümmelsheim, Waldalgesheim or Weiler bei Bingen or lived there for a long time, 16 died in the time of the Third Reich (birthdates in brackets):

Paragraph 6: The preservation of the Jews is really one of the most signal and illustrious acts of divine Providence... and what but a supernatural power could have preserved them in such a manner as none other nation upon earth hath been preserved.  Nor is the providence of God less remarkable in the destruction of their enemies, than in their preservation... We see that the great empires, which in their turn subdued and oppressed the people of God, are all come to ruin... And if such hath been the fatal end of the enemies and oppressors of the Jews, let it serve as a warning to all those, who at any time or upon any occasion are for raising a clamor and persecution against them.

Paragraph 7: Delgado made his debut in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) on the November 3, 1997 episode of Raw is War as part of its newly relaunched Light Heavyweight division at the age of 19, wrestling under the ring name Águila. This period included a match with Taka Michinoku at WrestleMania XIV for the Light Heavyweight Championship. On the May 9, 1998 edition of Shotgun Saturday Night Delgado re-debuted under the name Papi Chulo, this time wrestling without a mask. He had a high-flying match with Michinoku during Extreme Championship Wrestling's 1999 Cyberslam event before capturing the WWF Light Heavyweight title from Gillberg on his 'debut' as Essa Ríos during the February 13, 2000 edition of Sunday Night Heat. His reign was a short-lived one, as he would lose the title to Dean Malenko a few weeks later. During his time as Essa Ríos, he was managed by Lita who would often repeat Ríos's finishing moves on wrestlers he had just beaten after a match. He and Lita had a feud with Eddie Guerrero and Chyna which led to a European title match between Ríos and then-champion Guerrero at Backlash, which Ríos lost. Ríos' partnership with Lita ended sometime later after an angry Ríos attacked Lita because he had lost a match. It was there that the Hardy Boyz came to Lita's rescue and feuded with him briefly, with Lita becoming their protégé. Ríos lapsed into obscurity by late 2000 but did have a brief feud with Kurt Angle that culminated in a main event match on Sunday Night Heat.

Paragraph 8: On April 13, 2008, there was a fatal shark cage diving capsize off the coast of Gansbaai, South Africa where three tourists died - Two Americans and one Norwegian. The cage diving vessel was anchored near the Geldsteen Reef and engaged in shark cage diving viewing activities when the vessel was capsized by a large 6+ meter wave. The boat engine was off while anchored over the reef in rolling 4+ meter swells, and the skipper was not behind the wheel monitoring the weather and increasing waves when the boat capsized. Instead, the skipper was at the back of the vessel handling the bait line attracting sharks towards the shark cage. The videographer was still in the cage at the time of capsize filming additional underwater camera footage for the DVDs sold as a tour souvenir. After the capsize occurred, all 19 passengers were thrown overboard. There wasn’t a passenger manifest on board the vessel, down at the harbor, or in the cage diving operator’s business office. Therefore, it was unknown at the time how many people were on board. As a result, three tourists were trapped underneath the capsized hull for more than forty minutes before it was realized that passengers were missing and still unaccounted for. It was shown during the 2014 Western Cape High Court Trial in Cape Town, South Africa that the wave that capsized the vessel was not a freak wave, and simply a larger wave in a 4+ meter rolling swell. Since the vessel was anchored over a reef with engines off, and no one behind the wheel operating the vessel, it made a capsize even more probable. There were other breaking waves shown in photos and videos which showed the increasing danger and risk for all passengers on the vessel. The 2014 Trial Judge ruled that the skipper, dive operators and boat owners were  found guilty on more than thirty charges of negligence. Shark cage diving activities were ruled as one of the primary reasons for the capsize and death of three tourists. The dive operators were still actively engaged in cage diving viewing activities at the time of the capsize. There was no other reason for the vessel to have remained anchored in that precise location over a shallow reef, with engines off, despite increasing swells and breaking waves, if sharks had not present and if the videographer was not still in the shark cage filming additional footage.  

Paragraph 9: In 2010 Staal realized the exhibitions Art, Property of Politics and Art, Property of Politics II: Freethinkers’ Space, in 2011 Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture  and in 2012 Art, Property of Politics IV: Freethinkers' Space in which he researched the role of contemporary art in the political process. The first part took place in exhibition space TENT. in Rotterdam, during the municipal elections of 2010, in which he showed the artworks of all parties involved in the elections. The second part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, the Netherlands and existed of artworks that were selected by the liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie, VVD) and the far-right Party for Freedom (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV) in their so-called ‘Freethinkers’ Space’: and exhibition space that the parties opened in Dutch parliament for artists that had dealt with religious (Islamic) censorship. The third part opened in Extra City in Antwerp, and continued in the form of a theater piece in Frascati in Amsterdam. Central in the project is a thesis entitled Closed Architecture (2004) written by the far-right MP Fleur Agema, number two on the list of the Dutch Freedom Party (Partij voor de Vrijheid, PVV). The thesis comprises a sketch for a new prison model, which Agema has developed during her master's degree in Interior Design. In the project Staal expanded Agema's sketches into a fully developed model.<ref>Website Jonas Staal [http://www.jonasstaal.nl/works/kunstbezitIII_en.html Documentation of the publication, film and maquette 'Art, Property of Politics III: Closed Architecture] </ref> Moreover, it investigates the extent to which her earlier architectural work is the blueprint from which she now exerts an influence on current government policies, and hence the organization of our present society.Staal, Jonas (08-12-2011) “De samenleving als gevangenis”, Groene Amsterdammer  The fourth part took place in the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven and in art space De Appel in Amsterdam as a result of an open call made by Rogier Verkroost, politician for the social-liberal Democrats 66 party, and GreenLeft politician Jesse Klaver to immediately re-open the Freethinkers’ SpaceGroenlinks.nl (12-11-2011) Klaver neemt Vrijdenkersruimte over’ that had been closed in 2011 by the liberal VVD and extreme-right PVV. The creation of these new Freethinker's spaces was supported by Staal and the museum. Verkroost's and Klaver's Freethinkers‘ Spaces opened in September 2012,Klaver, Jesse (17-11-3012) ‘Nederland als Vrijdenkersruimte’, Freethinkers' Lecture on website Joop.nl followed in Amsterdam by a Freethinkers’ Space curated by Carolien Gehrels, alderman for arts and culture for the Labour Party in Amsterdam.

Paragraph 10: The Ood are humanoid in appearance with tentacles on the lower portions of their faces. The Ood are a telepathic race; as such, they require a "translation sphere" to communicate with non-telepathic creatures. The sphere is connected to the Ood via a tube that originally connected their external brains to their body. Humans in the future would physically remove their hind brains and fix the translator sphere where the brain used to be. There appears to be no sexual differentiation among the Ood, though the Doctor seems to be able to determine their sex. When Donna refers to a dying Ood as an "it", the Doctor replies that the Ood is "a 'he', not an 'it'". The Ood say they require no names or titles as they are connected to a hive mind and function as one unit, but they do have designations given to them by humans such as "Ood 1 Alpha 1" or "Ood Sigma" to differentiate them. The Doctor suggests in "Planet of the Ood" that Ood individuality is a result of the Ood Hive Mind expressing itself differently within each Ood, saying "Funny thing, the subconscious. Takes all sorts of shapes. Came out in the Red-Eye as revenge, came out in the Rabid Ood as anger, and then there was patience. All that intelligence and mercy focused on Ood Sigma." The Ood are empaths, sharing among themselves a low-level telepathic communication field. When reaching out with their telepathic fields, it can be heard as singing. This ability has made them susceptible to telepathic control, and in several episodes they are shown to be controlled by a stronger telepathic force. Oods are a part of the Silence's religious order. They also know the Doctor's name as they had sung it to him in "Planet of the Ood".

Paragraph 11: The first city mayor of Warsaw was Jan Andrzej Menich (1695–1696). The municipal self-government existed in Warsaw until World War II and was restored in 1990 (during the communist times, the National City Council – Miejska Rada Narodowa – governed in Warsaw). Since 1990, the structure of city government has been modified several times. Between 1975 and 1990 the Warsaw city mayors simultaneously led the Warsaw Voivode. In the years 1990-1994, the city mayor of Warsaw was elected by the city council. Subsequently, a controversial reform was introduced, transforming the city in the years of 1994–1999 into a loose municipal union of several gminas, dominated by one of them, the gmina Centrum encompassing the entire inner city. During this period, the mayor of gmina Centrum who was elected by its council was automatically designated as the city mayor of Warsaw, in spite of representing only a fraction of the population of the city. The city was becoming increasingly unmanageable, especially after the administrative reform of Poland in 1999 which further complicated the local government structure of Warsaw. In 2002, the new Warsaw Act of the Polish parliament restored Warsaw as a single urban gmina with the status of a city with powiat rights, led by a unified local government. At the same time, a significant reform was implemented in all Polish municipal governments, introducing direct elections of the wójt/town mayor/city mayor in all Polish gminas. The first city mayor of Warsaw elected according to these rules was Lech Kaczyński, who however resigned ahead of term when he was elected President of Polish Republic in 2005.

Paragraph 12: The Rüstem Pasha Mosque is famous for its large quantities of İznik tiles in a very wide variety of floral and geometric designs, which cover not only the façade of the porch but also the mihrab, minbar and walls. There are approximately 2300 tiles arranged in around 80 different patterns. These tiles exhibit the early use of Armenian bole, a tomato-red pigment that would become characteristic of İznik pottery. While this red hue is applied more thinly on most of the tiles, it was applied heavily on the tiles near the qibla wall and appeared scarlet in colour. The bright emerald green colour is only used in a panel added above an exterior doorway at a later date, and a study of the qibla tiling indicates that turquoise was the greenest hue available to the mosque’s builders prior to the addition of that emerald green. Some of the tiles, particularly those in a large panel under the portico to the left main entrance, are decorated with sage green and dark manganese purple that are characteristic of the earlier 'Damascus ware' colour scheme. Yet the mosque’s tiling does not feature the olive green found to be characteristic of Damascus tiles. No other mosque makes such a lavish use of İznik tiles; with later mosques Sinan used tiles more sparingly.

Paragraph 13: The simplest case, and the context in which the idea was first noticed, is that of finite groups (see primitive permutation group). Consider a group G and subgroups H and K, with K contained in H. Then the left cosets of H in G are each the union of left cosets of K. Not only that, but translation (on one side) by any element g of G respects this decomposition. The connection with induced representations is that the permutation representation on cosets is the special case of induced representation, in which a representation is induced from a trivial representation. The structure, combinatorial in this case, respected by translation shows that either K is a maximal subgroup of G, or there is a system of imprimitivity (roughly, a lack of full "mixing"). In order to generalise this to other cases, the concept is re-expressed: first in terms of functions on G constant on K-cosets, and then in terms of projection operators (for example the averaging over K-cosets of elements of the group algebra).

Paragraph 14: The first city mayor of Warsaw was Jan Andrzej Menich (1695–1696). The municipal self-government existed in Warsaw until World War II and was restored in 1990 (during the communist times, the National City Council – Miejska Rada Narodowa – governed in Warsaw). Since 1990, the structure of city government has been modified several times. Between 1975 and 1990 the Warsaw city mayors simultaneously led the Warsaw Voivode. In the years 1990-1994, the city mayor of Warsaw was elected by the city council. Subsequently, a controversial reform was introduced, transforming the city in the years of 1994–1999 into a loose municipal union of several gminas, dominated by one of them, the gmina Centrum encompassing the entire inner city. During this period, the mayor of gmina Centrum who was elected by its council was automatically designated as the city mayor of Warsaw, in spite of representing only a fraction of the population of the city. The city was becoming increasingly unmanageable, especially after the administrative reform of Poland in 1999 which further complicated the local government structure of Warsaw. In 2002, the new Warsaw Act of the Polish parliament restored Warsaw as a single urban gmina with the status of a city with powiat rights, led by a unified local government. At the same time, a significant reform was implemented in all Polish municipal governments, introducing direct elections of the wójt/town mayor/city mayor in all Polish gminas. The first city mayor of Warsaw elected according to these rules was Lech Kaczyński, who however resigned ahead of term when he was elected President of Polish Republic in 2005.

Paragraph 15: Barbe-bleue has given her seven keys to his treasure chambers: the six silver ones she is permitted to use, but the seventh, golden key is forbidden. Ariane says this is the only key which matters and goes to look for the seventh door while her nurse opens the others. The nurse turns the lock in the first door and a cascade of jewels and other treasures spills out. The second door reveals a "shower of sapphires"; the third, a "deluge of pearls"; the fourth, a "waterfall of emeralds"; the fifth, "a tragic torrent of rubies". Ariane is unimpressed by the gems, although the contents of the sixth, "avalanches of gigantic diamonds", elicit a cry of wonder from her ("O mes clairs diamants!"). The sixth door also reveals the vault containing the seventh to Ariane. Ignoring her nurse's warning, she turns the golden key in the lock. At first it reveals nothing but darkness, then "the stifled sounds of far away singing rise from the bowels of the earth and spread across the hall." It is the voices of Barbe-bleue's other wives singing a folk song "Les cinq filles d'Orlamonde" ("The five maids of Orlamonde"). The nurse is terrified and tries to shut the door again but she is powerless to move it as the voices draw nearer. At the last words of the song, Barbe-bleue enters the hall. He accuses Ariane: Vous aussi... ("You too..."). She replies, Moi surtout ("Me above all"). He tells her that through her disobedience she is abandoning the happiness he has offered her. She tells him, "The happiness I want cannot thrive in the shadows." Barbe-bleue grabs her by the arm and tries to drag her towards the seventh door. As he does so, the furious peasants smash the windows and break into the hall to confront Barbe-bleue, who draws his sword in defence. But Ariane calmly turns to the crowd and asks them "What do you want? – He has done me no harm" before closing the door on them.

Paragraph 16: The conga line is a novelty line dance that was derived from the Cuban carnival dance of the same name and became popular in the US in the 1930s and 1950s. In order to perform the dance, dancers form a long, processing line, which would usually turn into a circle. It has three shuffle steps on the beat, followed by a kick that is slightly ahead of the fourth beat. The conga, a term sometimes mistakenly believed to be derived from the African region of Congo, is both a lyrical and danceable genre, rooted in the music of carnival troupes or comparsas.

Paragraph 17: Rümmelsheim had a Jewish community until 1906. It arose in the early 19th century. As far back as the 16th century, though, there were Jews living in the village. In 1548, a man named Mosse von Rimelsheim had his name included on a protection money list. However, no further record of Jews in Rümmelsheim crops up until the 19th century. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808, there were 31 (of all together 405 inhabitants); in 1843, 48 (of 654); in 1848, 48 (in 9 families); in 1858, 45 (of 743); in 1885, 29 (of 896). In 1823, the Jewish families living in Waldalgesheim and Weiler bei Bingen were assigned to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Until then, the Jews in Waldalgesheim had felt more like part of the Schweppenhausen synagogue congregation, while the ones in Weiler had felt the same way about belonging to the congregation in Bingen. Until 1892, the Jewish families living in Bingerbrück also belonged to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Living in Waldalgesheim in 1823 were 8 Jews, and by 1843 it was 9 (of all together 860 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 8 again (Families Simon Stern and Schlachter), in 1858 it was 5 (of 915) and in 1885, 11 (of 1,230). Living in Weiler in 1823 were 5 Jews, and by 1843 it was 24 (of all together 884 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 12 (in 3 families), in 1858 it was 6 (of 1,033) and in 1885, 2 (of 1,394). In 1850, the following Jewish families were living in the three villages: in Rümmelsheim: Mathias Marx, David Marx, Mathias Marx, Coppel Mayer, Jacob Stern, Sebastian Stern, Raphael Stern, Servatius Stern, Joseph Stern, Joseph Marx and Carl Wohlgemuth; in Waldalgesheim: Simon Stern; in Weiler: Joseph Berg and Wendel Berg. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish religious school and a graveyard in Rümmelsheim where Jews from both Rümmelsheim and Waldalgesheim were buried (see Jewish graveyard below); the Jews in Weiler had their own graveyard. To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet. The Jews in Weiler also availed themselves of his services, for they could not afford their own. In 1848, Carl Wohlgemuth was working as an "unpaid cantor". He was at the same time the synagogue head, but had to take his leave in 1852 on health grounds. His successor was Raphael Stern. A few years later, the synagogue head was Ferdinand Stern, and beginning in 1885, Elias Stern. Towards the end of the 19th century, most of the Jewish families moved away from the village, and in 1906, the Rümmelsheim Jewish community was dissolved. The last member of the former Jewish community moved to Bingen in 1918. In 1925, no more Jewish inhabitants were being counted in Rümmelsheim. Still living in Waldalgesheim were master butcher Sally Stern's and tradesman Willy Hessel's families, while Simon Berg's family still lived in Weiler. The first two managed to emigrate to the United States. Simon Berg, then living in Bingen, and his daughter Lilly, then living in Friedberg, were both deported to the camps. According to the Gedenkbuch – Opfer der Verfolgung der Juden unter der nationalsozialistischen Gewaltherrschaft in Deutschland 1933-1945 ("Memorial Book – Victims of the Persecution of the Jews under National Socialist Tyranny") and Yad Vashem, of all Jews who either were born in Rümmelsheim, Waldalgesheim or Weiler bei Bingen or lived there for a long time, 16 died in the time of the Third Reich (birthdates in brackets):

Paragraph 18: One of the interesting things with Time Machines is that there's a handful of responses which we've had where what happened to the listeners was exactly what we intended to happen. There would be some kind of temporal disruption caused by just listening to the music, just interacting with the music. The drugs thing is actually a hook we hung it on – it originally came out of me and Drew talking that some of the types of music you listen to – sacred musics like Tibetan music or anything with a sacred intent which often is long ceremonial type music which could last for a day or three days or something. There are periods of time in that where you will come out of time. That's the intention of it to go into a trance and achieve an otherness. We thought can we do this sort of electronic punk-primitive? We did demos with a simple mono synth and we managed it. We sat in the room and listened to it loud and we lost track of time – it could be five minutes in or 20 minutes in but you suddenly get this feeling, the hairs on the back of your neck, and you'd realise that you'd had some sort of temporal slip. We fine-tuned, well, filters and oscillators and stuff, to try and maximise this effect. It was that we were after with simple tones – somehow you could slip through.

Paragraph 19: According to the diaries of Lord Lugard, George Wilson was working amongst ex-slaves and coastal tribes near Mombasa in 1889 and subsequently joined the company in January 1890 and joined Lugard on 6 August 1890, on the Sabaki trip in which Lugard's caravan left the coast at Malindi and moved slowly up the Sabaki, thereon after crossing Tsavo, they came across a Swahili caravan with slaves that were being transported by traders who fled but were later caught by Lugard and placed on trial in Mombasa. Meanwhile some of the slaves were successfully freed and the malnourished children were fed and clothed. But by 12 September Wilson's health had deteriorated to the point of losing consciousness and having a very weak pulse so Lugard acted quickly by taking Wilson to his tent and using natural medicine like rubbing him with carbolic oil to jump-start the heart beats, which seemed to have worked, and so George was given whiskey to ease the pain; however, his health challenges continued that evening and so Lugard stayed up nursing Wilson all night, which saved his life. from various accounts George was committed to joining Lugard for his Uganda expedition in 1890. Captain Lugard Knew him well and formed a high opinion of Wilson as he was "very successful with the kikuyu" and they stayed in touch long after Lugard had left Uganda, as a matter of Fact Mr Wilson sent back and forth letters to Lugard between 1895-1900 involving frank discussions about important issues, when Mr Wilson was rising up the ranks of the protectorate government in East Africa. For a while Mr Wilson was with the Scottish Industrial Mission at Kibwezi where they met up in Mombasa tasked with taking back control of Fort Dagoretti on 19 September 1891. Lugard, on his way back to the Coast in August 1892, found George at work on the Mackinnon Road, which was being built by the Mission at the cost of Sir William Mackinnon to increase trade with Uganda. Wilson joined the Uganda service on 30 August 1894. He soon made his mark as officer in charge of Kampala station. He demonstrated effective leadership, and was hence placed in charge of the protectorate region during the Sudanese Mutiny in September 1897. There's an extensive account In John Dawson Ainsworth's memoirs about how George Wilson was ambushed by the kikuyus under the command of Waiyaki Wa Hinga for a week and a half, which forced Wilson and his men to vacate the fort in Dagoretti at night and head towards Machakos on the 30th March 1891 under the advice of Ernest Gedge with his men and the 30 African soldiers he had. This was reportedly the first major confrontation between the Agikuyus and the British imperialist forces. According to Maina wa Kĩnyattĩ a marxist historian - this defeat along with another successive defeat for Wilson and his men that were unable to sustain Waiyaki lead attacks (following a recapture and rebuilding of the station at Dagoertti) that meant the loss of control of the previously burned garrison in a dash for safety back to Machakos where their headquarters were (which was built by Lugard in 1889), is in fact what led to Wilson's replacement by Colonel Erick Smith, who refocused his efforts on building another fort in Kanyonyo that he later named "Fort Smith".

Paragraph 20: In the brand new and exciting edition of Walt Disney World Inside Out, Scott Herriott is your "Host, hydrolysis expert," and tour guide through Walt Disney World. First Scott heads to Disney MGM Studios to see Jim Henson's Muppet Vision 3D where he interviews guests about what they are expecting from this show. After Scott bumps into Sweetums, Scott receives his 3-D glasses and is told by Kermit the Frog that there is no videotaping inside the theater. Scott leaves Kermit saying "that guy looks a lot like Kermit the Frog" not knowing that he is the real deal. After Scott settles in, he watches the movie and kind of interacts with the Muppets. And as always the film ends with the Swedish Chef firing a cannon into the movie screen. After the film, Scott says that he can't tell the viewers about it "but it involves the Swedish Chef, a bunch of penguins and a really big cannon"  Kermit the Frog comes up to Scott and tells him that the glasses need to come back to the theater. Scott then realizes that it really is Kermit the Frog and asks him about the pie scene and Kermit offers to demonstrate. Kermit then tosses the pie into Scott's face and Scott says that "it seems so real". Kermit tells Scott that it's much how they  did it . Scott asks Kermit about having dinner tonight and that "dessert's on me". Scott then plays tennis at Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa with a kid (the same kid from the intro of this episode) and indicates that the kid's mom produces the show. Then Scott talks about the Legend of the Lion King stage show at the Magic Kingdom. Scott then travels to Bay Lake and talk about "the warm sun, the cool breeze, the water gently lapping at your...lap" and the Hobie 16s before a lifeguard asks Scott if he would try the Hobie 16 out in the water by himself. Scott declines and thanks the lifeguard for asking that question. Scott heads to Disney's Caribbean Beach Resort to host the Walt Disney World Inside Out Hydro-man Water Race. After going over the layout of the course, Scott interviews the two families that are competing: The Yohe family from Syracuse, New York and The Nichols family from Boberbuck, Missouri. The race begins and the Nichols family took a small lead across the water to beach B then held on to that lead going into the paddle boat leg. But the Yohe family were catching up and pulled on ahead and they then pedaled backwards back to beach A. The Yohes take the tag and held on a huge lead going into the colored flags where under two of them the players must find a Mickey Mouse figure. But the Nichols had caught up and they were the first to find the mickey figure. The players then carry their colored flags to two traffic cones with the Nichols being the first to do so and heading towards the water slide. The Yohes were in hot pursuit but it was the Nichols family who came in first. For being the winners, the Nichols family earned these Gaudi gold medals, Goofy shirts and gift certificates. Also since everyone's a winner at Walt Disney World, the Yohe family as well earned the Goofy shirts and the gift certificates. Then Scott checks out the then-new Disney's All-Star Sports Resort. Scott heads on over to Epcot '94 to go inside Innoventions and play video games. Scott goes to Typhoon Lagoon and interviews some guests. Scott heads to the Magic Kingdom to see Fantasy In The Sky and fireworks production support manager Bernie Durgin talks about the history of fireworks at Disney World and at Disneyland. Then Scott plays golf and suggest that he and the viewers take a look at the calendar to see what is coming up in the months ahead at Disney World. The excitement of the summer of '94 continues with three then-brand new attractions. At Disney Studios experience the faster than gravity falls of the terrifying then-new Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. In the Magic Kingdom, Legend of The Lion King opens. And at Epcot '94 Innoventions (Epcot) opens for business. After signing off, Scott hits his golf ball and heads back to Disney-MGM-Studios to search for the ball. Kermit arrives and Scott shows him his club as a clue. Then the ball landed directly behind them and Kermit tells Scott that he was slicing the ball a bit to the left. After Scott and Kermit did some golfing jokes, the episode ends.

Paragraph 21: One of the interesting things with Time Machines is that there's a handful of responses which we've had where what happened to the listeners was exactly what we intended to happen. There would be some kind of temporal disruption caused by just listening to the music, just interacting with the music. The drugs thing is actually a hook we hung it on – it originally came out of me and Drew talking that some of the types of music you listen to – sacred musics like Tibetan music or anything with a sacred intent which often is long ceremonial type music which could last for a day or three days or something. There are periods of time in that where you will come out of time. That's the intention of it to go into a trance and achieve an otherness. We thought can we do this sort of electronic punk-primitive? We did demos with a simple mono synth and we managed it. We sat in the room and listened to it loud and we lost track of time – it could be five minutes in or 20 minutes in but you suddenly get this feeling, the hairs on the back of your neck, and you'd realise that you'd had some sort of temporal slip. We fine-tuned, well, filters and oscillators and stuff, to try and maximise this effect. It was that we were after with simple tones – somehow you could slip through.

Paragraph 22: A high school girl named Himeno Awayuki is attempting to adjust to her new life after her widowed father remarries wealthy widow Natsue. While taking a short cut to school, Himeno jumps out of a bush and lands on Hayate, the Knight of Wind. After some arguing Himeno wants to punch Hayate, but he blocks her hand causing a powerful light. Later she meets the other Leafe Knights who tell her that the red snow that has been falling on the town recently is being caused by the Princess of Disaster who is awakening, and that she is using demon larva to absorb Leafe, the essence of all life. They ask Himeno to become the Prétear and help them protect the world. Himeno is initially reluctant, believing they are trying to play a trick on her. When a larva attacks them and begins stealing leafe, Himeno agrees to help. Hayate tells her to take his hand and she merges with him to become the Wind Prétear. After adjusting to her new powers, Himeno is able to defeat the larva.

Paragraph 23: Barbe-bleue has given her seven keys to his treasure chambers: the six silver ones she is permitted to use, but the seventh, golden key is forbidden. Ariane says this is the only key which matters and goes to look for the seventh door while her nurse opens the others. The nurse turns the lock in the first door and a cascade of jewels and other treasures spills out. The second door reveals a "shower of sapphires"; the third, a "deluge of pearls"; the fourth, a "waterfall of emeralds"; the fifth, "a tragic torrent of rubies". Ariane is unimpressed by the gems, although the contents of the sixth, "avalanches of gigantic diamonds", elicit a cry of wonder from her ("O mes clairs diamants!"). The sixth door also reveals the vault containing the seventh to Ariane. Ignoring her nurse's warning, she turns the golden key in the lock. At first it reveals nothing but darkness, then "the stifled sounds of far away singing rise from the bowels of the earth and spread across the hall." It is the voices of Barbe-bleue's other wives singing a folk song "Les cinq filles d'Orlamonde" ("The five maids of Orlamonde"). The nurse is terrified and tries to shut the door again but she is powerless to move it as the voices draw nearer. At the last words of the song, Barbe-bleue enters the hall. He accuses Ariane: Vous aussi... ("You too..."). She replies, Moi surtout ("Me above all"). He tells her that through her disobedience she is abandoning the happiness he has offered her. She tells him, "The happiness I want cannot thrive in the shadows." Barbe-bleue grabs her by the arm and tries to drag her towards the seventh door. As he does so, the furious peasants smash the windows and break into the hall to confront Barbe-bleue, who draws his sword in defence. But Ariane calmly turns to the crowd and asks them "What do you want? – He has done me no harm" before closing the door on them.

Paragraph 24: Barbe-bleue has given her seven keys to his treasure chambers: the six silver ones she is permitted to use, but the seventh, golden key is forbidden. Ariane says this is the only key which matters and goes to look for the seventh door while her nurse opens the others. The nurse turns the lock in the first door and a cascade of jewels and other treasures spills out. The second door reveals a "shower of sapphires"; the third, a "deluge of pearls"; the fourth, a "waterfall of emeralds"; the fifth, "a tragic torrent of rubies". Ariane is unimpressed by the gems, although the contents of the sixth, "avalanches of gigantic diamonds", elicit a cry of wonder from her ("O mes clairs diamants!"). The sixth door also reveals the vault containing the seventh to Ariane. Ignoring her nurse's warning, she turns the golden key in the lock. At first it reveals nothing but darkness, then "the stifled sounds of far away singing rise from the bowels of the earth and spread across the hall." It is the voices of Barbe-bleue's other wives singing a folk song "Les cinq filles d'Orlamonde" ("The five maids of Orlamonde"). The nurse is terrified and tries to shut the door again but she is powerless to move it as the voices draw nearer. At the last words of the song, Barbe-bleue enters the hall. He accuses Ariane: Vous aussi... ("You too..."). She replies, Moi surtout ("Me above all"). He tells her that through her disobedience she is abandoning the happiness he has offered her. She tells him, "The happiness I want cannot thrive in the shadows." Barbe-bleue grabs her by the arm and tries to drag her towards the seventh door. As he does so, the furious peasants smash the windows and break into the hall to confront Barbe-bleue, who draws his sword in defence. But Ariane calmly turns to the crowd and asks them "What do you want? – He has done me no harm" before closing the door on them.

Paragraph 25: In 1929, a pair of young newlyweds receives a mysterious box-like object wrapped as a wedding gift with a cryptic label reading "Don't Open Till Doomsday". Unbeknownst to his bride, the bridegroom is zapped by a beam of light emanating from this object when he removed it from the wrapping, and seemingly disappears out of existence. Thirty-five years later, in 1964, an eloping couple arrives at the house in the hopes of using it as a honeymoon spot, now a half-derelict mansion owned by Mrs. Kry, an eccentric old woman who turns out to be the aforesaid bride, driven to insanity after her husband disappeared. After the younger bride herself disappears inside the box, it is revealed that Mrs. Kry has been luring young couples to her house, in the hope of "trading" them for her lost bridegroom, with an alien intelligence residing inside the box. Later, the young bride's father arrives on location to take his wayward daughter back with him, and is also abducted by the alien, finding himself inside the box—actually, a pocket dimension occupied by an amorphous, one-eyed creature from an anti-matter universe, who is bent on destroying our universe. The father, his daughter and Mrs. Kry's lost bridegroom are there, as well. The creature, having become lost during his journey between dimensions, addresses them, assuring them they'll be freed on the condition that they help him to achieve his goal—reuniting him with his eight other companions, all of whom were inhabitants of their universe, each carrying an essential element which, when joined together, would result in the annihilation of our universe. Facing refusal, and being further hindered by an angered Mrs. Kry, along with the father's false promise to aid in the search if freed from captivity, the enraged alien resorts to self-destruction after setting the daughter free, thus 'uncreating' himself, and obliterating the entire mansion, the father, Mrs. Kry and her bridegroom in the process, with the young couple narrowly escaping the carnage.

Paragraph 26: The preservation of the Jews is really one of the most signal and illustrious acts of divine Providence... and what but a supernatural power could have preserved them in such a manner as none other nation upon earth hath been preserved.  Nor is the providence of God less remarkable in the destruction of their enemies, than in their preservation... We see that the great empires, which in their turn subdued and oppressed the people of God, are all come to ruin... And if such hath been the fatal end of the enemies and oppressors of the Jews, let it serve as a warning to all those, who at any time or upon any occasion are for raising a clamor and persecution against them.

Paragraph 27: Every night before going to sleep, the Darling children, Wendy, John, and Michael, are told stories by their mother of wonderful adventures in fantasy worlds; many of these stories tell of a boy named Peter Pan, who lives in a place called Neverland who never grows up.  One night, when Mr. and Mrs. Darling go out, leaving the children under the care of a house maid and Nana, the nursery dog, Wendy Darling is thrilled when the real Peter Pan flies right into their window.  In a previous visit, Nana had taken Peter Pan's shadow away from him, and now he and his fairy friend Tinker Bell have returned to claim it.  Nana has been punished by Mr. Darling, accused of breaking a valuable glass jar in the attempt to protect the children from Peter, and kept outdoors.  Peter Pan and Wendy become friends, and Peter confesses that he had visited many times to listen to Mrs. Darling's bedtime stories.  John and Michael wake up and Peter invites them all to follow him to Neverland.  With the use of fairy dust, the three children are able to fly, and they fly out to Neverland.  Once in Neverland, Peter Pan tells the children of evil Captain Hook, whose right hand was cut off by Peter and thrown to the crocodile some time before, who now wants to eat the rest of him. Hook plots revenge against Peter for this.  Meanwhile, Peter introduces the children to the Lost Boys, a group of young motherless children. He presents Wendy as their loving mother as long as she remains in Neverland, which she meekly resists.  Many adventures follow, as Peter Pan, the children and the Lost Boys battle against Captain Hook, save Wendy from his wicked intentions, and rescue the young Indian Princess Tiger Lily while Hook gets chased by the ticking crocodile. After all the excitement, Wendy announces that it is time to return home, and she invites the Lost Boys to come along, so that they may be returned to their real mothers. Smee, one of Captain Hook's pirates, follows the children, and he too is reunited with his mother. Wendy, John and Michael invite Peter Pan to stay with them in their home in London, but Peter Pan refuses, for that would mean he would have to grow up, something he would never want to do. They part, but Peter Pan welcomes them to return to Neverland someday.

Paragraph 28: Every night before going to sleep, the Darling children, Wendy, John, and Michael, are told stories by their mother of wonderful adventures in fantasy worlds; many of these stories tell of a boy named Peter Pan, who lives in a place called Neverland who never grows up.  One night, when Mr. and Mrs. Darling go out, leaving the children under the care of a house maid and Nana, the nursery dog, Wendy Darling is thrilled when the real Peter Pan flies right into their window.  In a previous visit, Nana had taken Peter Pan's shadow away from him, and now he and his fairy friend Tinker Bell have returned to claim it.  Nana has been punished by Mr. Darling, accused of breaking a valuable glass jar in the attempt to protect the children from Peter, and kept outdoors.  Peter Pan and Wendy become friends, and Peter confesses that he had visited many times to listen to Mrs. Darling's bedtime stories.  John and Michael wake up and Peter invites them all to follow him to Neverland.  With the use of fairy dust, the three children are able to fly, and they fly out to Neverland.  Once in Neverland, Peter Pan tells the children of evil Captain Hook, whose right hand was cut off by Peter and thrown to the crocodile some time before, who now wants to eat the rest of him. Hook plots revenge against Peter for this.  Meanwhile, Peter introduces the children to the Lost Boys, a group of young motherless children. He presents Wendy as their loving mother as long as she remains in Neverland, which she meekly resists.  Many adventures follow, as Peter Pan, the children and the Lost Boys battle against Captain Hook, save Wendy from his wicked intentions, and rescue the young Indian Princess Tiger Lily while Hook gets chased by the ticking crocodile. After all the excitement, Wendy announces that it is time to return home, and she invites the Lost Boys to come along, so that they may be returned to their real mothers. Smee, one of Captain Hook's pirates, follows the children, and he too is reunited with his mother. Wendy, John and Michael invite Peter Pan to stay with them in their home in London, but Peter Pan refuses, for that would mean he would have to grow up, something he would never want to do. They part, but Peter Pan welcomes them to return to Neverland someday.

Paragraph 29: On the following night, the June 25 episode of Raw Is War, Shane declared his intention to invade the WWF, and the Invasion storyline started with Booker T performing a scissors kick to Vince. On the June 28 episode of SmackDown!, it was decided that Fully Loaded was to be changed to Invasion, and would feature matches between WWF and WCW. The ultimate goal, reportedly, was for WCW to "take over" one of the WWF's two primary programs, either Raw Is War or SmackDown!, and rebrand it as its own separate entity.  To test the waters for this, the final twenty minutes of the July 2 Raw Is War telecast was given over to WCW, which brought in its own commentators (Scott Hudson and Arn Anderson), ring announcer (Stacy Keibler), referee (Nick Patrick), ring apron, and Chyron graphics, to present a match between Booker T and Buff Bagwell for Booker's WCW Championship (which he had won on the final episode of Nitro). This continued on SmackDown!, where Gregory Helms lost the WCW Cruiserweight Championship against Billy Kidman and Booker defended the WCW Championship against Diamond Dallas Page. The Booker/Bagwell title match, however, was very poorly received both by television viewers and the live crowd in the arena; sports journalist Michael Landsberg reported that many have called the bout "the worst match ever". The two other WCW matches also received a negative fan reaction. The decision was thus made to make WCW a heel group who was out to destroy the WWF. On the July 9 on Raw Is War, when then-face WCW owner Shane was scheduled to face Page in a street fight, the two instead attacked The Undertaker, turning Shane heel (Page had already debuted in WWF as a heel, as part of a stalker angle with Undertaker and his wife). Later that night, Chris Jericho and Kane (from the WWF) fought Lance Storm and Mike Awesome (from WCW) in a tag team match. It ended in a no contest when the ECW Alumni from both the WWF and WCW along with the debuting Rob Van Dam and Tommy Dreamer made their way to the ring. As it looked as though they were going after Storm and Awesome, they instead attacked Jericho and Kane. This led to the Raw color-commentator Paul Heyman leaving the announcer's booth and declared that Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) has joined the invasion and stated that the invasion has been taken to the extreme, leading to some WWF and WCW wrestlers (including Raven, Lance Storm, Rhyno, The Dudley Boyz, and Tazz) defecting to ECW. Shane appeared to co-operate with Vince against ECW, but later that night, it was revealed that WCW and ECW had merged, and that Stephanie McMahon-Helmsley (who was last seen on the May 21 episode of Raw Is War) now owned ECW.

Paragraph 30: The first city mayor of Warsaw was Jan Andrzej Menich (1695–1696). The municipal self-government existed in Warsaw until World War II and was restored in 1990 (during the communist times, the National City Council – Miejska Rada Narodowa – governed in Warsaw). Since 1990, the structure of city government has been modified several times. Between 1975 and 1990 the Warsaw city mayors simultaneously led the Warsaw Voivode. In the years 1990-1994, the city mayor of Warsaw was elected by the city council. Subsequently, a controversial reform was introduced, transforming the city in the years of 1994–1999 into a loose municipal union of several gminas, dominated by one of them, the gmina Centrum encompassing the entire inner city. During this period, the mayor of gmina Centrum who was elected by its council was automatically designated as the city mayor of Warsaw, in spite of representing only a fraction of the population of the city. The city was becoming increasingly unmanageable, especially after the administrative reform of Poland in 1999 which further complicated the local government structure of Warsaw. In 2002, the new Warsaw Act of the Polish parliament restored Warsaw as a single urban gmina with the status of a city with powiat rights, led by a unified local government. At the same time, a significant reform was implemented in all Polish municipal governments, introducing direct elections of the wójt/town mayor/city mayor in all Polish gminas. The first city mayor of Warsaw elected according to these rules was Lech Kaczyński, who however resigned ahead of term when he was elected President of Polish Republic in 2005.

Paragraph 31: In his book Evolution and Judaism, Krauskopf accepted the idea that science might "overshadow" religion but that the science needs to be well understood and properly connected to religion. Krauskopf accepted the scientific legitimacy of evolution and Darwinian theory. He argued, in a chapter titled "Darwinism," that "Supreme order is the manifestation of supreme intelligence. If I had no other proof for my belief in the existence and sovereignty of an Intelligent Final Cause, I would derive it from my recognition of the fact that supreme order, uninterrupted harmony, eternal and immutable law, control all nature, heaven and earth, all inorganic and organic, in but one way, and in no other." He argues that evolution is simply part of the law of nature and that "this natural law shape matter with design and direct force with a purpose, and design and purpose presuppose intelligence." Krauskopf argued that evolution was the same as "Supreme Governing Power, Supreme Will, Supreme Natural Law" and that "by theologians it is called 'God.'" With "this conception of the nature of God" he argued that "every difference between science and religion disappears" and "with this conception of God, as manifested in nature, I am prepared to accept even Darwinism." Thus, Krauskopf accepted evolution, as set out by Darwin, as consistent with the existence of God, because God provided the "supreme intelligence" to let evolution happen. Under this analysis, there could be no conflict between religion and science, and "Darwinism, though disagreeing with the Biblical account of creation is with religion, not against it." He praised Darwin, declaring that "God has had no better interpreter of the greatness and magnificence of His handiwork." He acknowledged that Darwin "opposed" the "Biblical account" of creation, because modern research proved the Biblical account of creation imperfect," But Krauskopf argued that this science, and Darwinian notions such as natural selection, actually supported the idea of a superior being – God – who set into motion evolution through natural selection. He concluded that "Judaism and ever progressive religion with a conception of God ... can freely and conscientiously accept the theory of organic evolution." Thus, the "sum of Supreme Will, Supreme Power, Supreme Intelligence, evolutionists name The Reign of Natural Law, the theologians call it God." Evolution and Judaism is also interesting because, at the same time as adopting a sceptical approach to traditional readings of the bible, Krauskopf attempted to justify Jewish religious continuity by presenting a Jewish form of panentheism that viewed the universe as an evolving phenomenon and presented a biological argument for the reality of life beyond death.

Paragraph 32:  Arnold had long promised to visit New London and the neighbouring towns on the sea shore, and the enemy having frequently appeared in sight of the harbour, the alarm guns fired on the present occasion were considered by the country around us the salutes of prizes or other vessels belonging to the port. He however arrived the 6th inst. about five o, and at seven o’ landed about 2500 men, half on each side of the river. At 8 o’ the militia mustered in parties of 8 or 10, and annoyed the enemy until about 100 of them came up and disputed their way to Fort Trumbull; their great superiority obliged our people to yield to them the possession of the fort. Col. Ledyard, with about 76 other brave fellows, retreated to the fort on Groton side, which they determined resolutely to defend. The next assault was upon this fort, where they were repulsed several times by a bravery unequalled, for about three hours. A flag was then sent, demanding a surrender of the fort, accompanies by a threat of giving no quarters in case of refusal. The commandant consulted with his brave garrison, who refused to submit. The action was then renewed, when the flag staff was unfortunately shot away; notwithstanding which the defence was gallantly continued until about five or six hundred of the enemy having forced the pickets had entered through the breach. At this time there were but four of the garrison killed, and it was thought prudent to submit, to preserve the lives of the remainder. The officer who at this time commanded the assailants, (Major Montgomery being killed) enquired who commanded the garrison? Colonel Ledyard informed him that he had had that honour, but was unfortunate in being obliged to surrender it, at the same time delivered up to him his sword, and asked for quarter for himself and people; to which the infamous villain replied, "ye rascals, I give you quarters," and then plunged the sword into his body. The inhuman banditti, taking this as a signal, drove their bayonets up to the muzzles of their pieces into the breasts of all that were taken, except one or two who made their escape. 

Paragraph 33: In 618, after news arrived at Chang'an that Emperor Yang was killed in a coup at Jiangdu led by the general Yuwen Huaji, Li Yuan had Yang You yield the throne to him, establishing Tang dynasty as its Emperor Gaozu. Li Jing continued serving the new dynasty. In 619, Li Jing participated in a campaign against one of Tang's major enemies, Wang Shichong the Emperor of Zheng, and was promoted for his accomplishments. Later that year, Emperor Gaozu sent him to Kui Prefecture (夔州, modern eastern Chongqing) to plan a military operation against another major enemy, Xiao Xian the Emperor of Liang, who then ruled the modern Hubei, Hunan, and Guangxi region. When he first reached Jin Prefecture (金州, roughly modern Ankang, Shaanxi), he encountered bandits in the mountain, who had several times defeated Li Yuàn (李瑗, note different tone and character than Emperor Gaozu's name (淵, yuān)) the Prince of Lujiang (Emperor Gaozu's distant nephew). Li Jing joined forces with Li Yuàn to defeat those bandits. However, as he arrived at the borders with Liang, he was blocked by Liang forces and long could not reach there, having to stop at Xia Prefecture (峽州, roughly modern Yichang, Hubei). Emperor Gaozu, believing that Li Jing was intentionally not advancing, was sufficiently angry that he secretly ordered the commandant at Xia Prefecture, Xu Shao (許紹), to execute Li Jing. Xu, however, was appreciative of Li Jing's talent, and submitted a petition urging that Li Jing be spared, and Emperor Gaozu relented. Meanwhile, in spring 620, around the same time, Ran Zhaoze (冉肇則) the leader of the Kaishan Tribe (開山蠻), rebelled against Tang rule and attacked Kui Prefecture. When Emperor Gaozu's distant nephew Li Xiaogong the Duke of Zhao Commandery fought Ran, he was initially unsuccessful, but Li Jing reinforced him with 800 men and defeated and killed Ran.

Paragraph 34: Rümmelsheim had a Jewish community until 1906. It arose in the early 19th century. As far back as the 16th century, though, there were Jews living in the village. In 1548, a man named Mosse von Rimelsheim had his name included on a protection money list. However, no further record of Jews in Rümmelsheim crops up until the 19th century. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808, there were 31 (of all together 405 inhabitants); in 1843, 48 (of 654); in 1848, 48 (in 9 families); in 1858, 45 (of 743); in 1885, 29 (of 896). In 1823, the Jewish families living in Waldalgesheim and Weiler bei Bingen were assigned to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Until then, the Jews in Waldalgesheim had felt more like part of the Schweppenhausen synagogue congregation, while the ones in Weiler had felt the same way about belonging to the congregation in Bingen. Until 1892, the Jewish families living in Bingerbrück also belonged to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Living in Waldalgesheim in 1823 were 8 Jews, and by 1843 it was 9 (of all together 860 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 8 again (Families Simon Stern and Schlachter), in 1858 it was 5 (of 915) and in 1885, 11 (of 1,230). Living in Weiler in 1823 were 5 Jews, and by 1843 it was 24 (of all together 884 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 12 (in 3 families), in 1858 it was 6 (of 1,033) and in 1885, 2 (of 1,394). In 1850, the following Jewish families were living in the three villages: in Rümmelsheim: Mathias Marx, David Marx, Mathias Marx, Coppel Mayer, Jacob Stern, Sebastian Stern, Raphael Stern, Servatius Stern, Joseph Stern, Joseph Marx and Carl Wohlgemuth; in Waldalgesheim: Simon Stern; in Weiler: Joseph Berg and Wendel Berg. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish religious school and a graveyard in Rümmelsheim where Jews from both Rümmelsheim and Waldalgesheim were buried (see Jewish graveyard below); the Jews in Weiler had their own graveyard. To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet. The Jews in Weiler also availed themselves of his services, for they could not afford their own. In 1848, Carl Wohlgemuth was working as an "unpaid cantor". He was at the same time the synagogue head, but had to take his leave in 1852 on health grounds. His successor was Raphael Stern. A few years later, the synagogue head was Ferdinand Stern, and beginning in 1885, Elias Stern. Towards the end of the 19th century, most of the Jewish families moved away from the village, and in 1906, the Rümmelsheim Jewish community was dissolved. The last member of the former Jewish community moved to Bingen in 1918. In 1925, no more Jewish inhabitants were being counted in Rümmelsheim. Still living in Waldalgesheim were master butcher Sally Stern's and tradesman Willy Hessel's families, while Simon Berg's family still lived in Weiler. The first two managed to emigrate to the United States. Simon Berg, then living in Bingen, and his daughter Lilly, then living in Friedberg, were both deported to the camps. According to the Gedenkbuch – Opfer der Verfolgung der Juden unter der nationalsozialistischen Gewaltherrschaft in Deutschland 1933-1945 ("Memorial Book – Victims of the Persecution of the Jews under National Socialist Tyranny") and Yad Vashem, of all Jews who either were born in Rümmelsheim, Waldalgesheim or Weiler bei Bingen or lived there for a long time, 16 died in the time of the Third Reich (birthdates in brackets):

Paragraph 35: The Rüstem Pasha Mosque is famous for its large quantities of İznik tiles in a very wide variety of floral and geometric designs, which cover not only the façade of the porch but also the mihrab, minbar and walls. There are approximately 2300 tiles arranged in around 80 different patterns. These tiles exhibit the early use of Armenian bole, a tomato-red pigment that would become characteristic of İznik pottery. While this red hue is applied more thinly on most of the tiles, it was applied heavily on the tiles near the qibla wall and appeared scarlet in colour. The bright emerald green colour is only used in a panel added above an exterior doorway at a later date, and a study of the qibla tiling indicates that turquoise was the greenest hue available to the mosque’s builders prior to the addition of that emerald green. Some of the tiles, particularly those in a large panel under the portico to the left main entrance, are decorated with sage green and dark manganese purple that are characteristic of the earlier 'Damascus ware' colour scheme. Yet the mosque’s tiling does not feature the olive green found to be characteristic of Damascus tiles. No other mosque makes such a lavish use of İznik tiles; with later mosques Sinan used tiles more sparingly.

Paragraph 36: The Schellenberg heights dominate the skyline to the northeast of Donauwörth – the walled town on the confluence of the Wörnitz and Danube rivers. With one flank of the hill protected by dense, impenetrable trees of the Boschberg wood, and the river Wörnitz and marshes protecting its southern and western quarters, the Schellenberg heights offer a commanding position for any defender. However, its oval shaped summit was flat and open, and its 70-year-old defences, including an old fort built by the Swedish king Gustavus Adolphus during the Thirty Years' War, were neglected and in a dilapidated state. When the unexpected attack took place the bastions, the curtain, and the ditch were fairly complete along the long eastern face from the shore of the Danube to the wooded hilltop, but in the shorter section from the wood to the fort – the angle where Marlborough's attack was delivered – the earthwork had been more hastily made up of fascines of brushwood thinly covered with soil. The western section of the lines ran steeply downhill from the fort to the city walls. Here, there was little to show in terms of defences, but to compensate the line could be protected by a flanking fire from the town. (See 'Schellenberg' map below.)

Paragraph 37:  Arnold had long promised to visit New London and the neighbouring towns on the sea shore, and the enemy having frequently appeared in sight of the harbour, the alarm guns fired on the present occasion were considered by the country around us the salutes of prizes or other vessels belonging to the port. He however arrived the 6th inst. about five o, and at seven o’ landed about 2500 men, half on each side of the river. At 8 o’ the militia mustered in parties of 8 or 10, and annoyed the enemy until about 100 of them came up and disputed their way to Fort Trumbull; their great superiority obliged our people to yield to them the possession of the fort. Col. Ledyard, with about 76 other brave fellows, retreated to the fort on Groton side, which they determined resolutely to defend. The next assault was upon this fort, where they were repulsed several times by a bravery unequalled, for about three hours. A flag was then sent, demanding a surrender of the fort, accompanies by a threat of giving no quarters in case of refusal. The commandant consulted with his brave garrison, who refused to submit. The action was then renewed, when the flag staff was unfortunately shot away; notwithstanding which the defence was gallantly continued until about five or six hundred of the enemy having forced the pickets had entered through the breach. At this time there were but four of the garrison killed, and it was thought prudent to submit, to preserve the lives of the remainder. The officer who at this time commanded the assailants, (Major Montgomery being killed) enquired who commanded the garrison? Colonel Ledyard informed him that he had had that honour, but was unfortunate in being obliged to surrender it, at the same time delivered up to him his sword, and asked for quarter for himself and people; to which the infamous villain replied, "ye rascals, I give you quarters," and then plunged the sword into his body. The inhuman banditti, taking this as a signal, drove their bayonets up to the muzzles of their pieces into the breasts of all that were taken, except one or two who made their escape. 

Paragraph 38: The construction of the vessel had started at the end of 2008 in a commercial shipyard at Suez, Egypt, under supervision of vessel's captain Josef Dvorský and ship constructor Daniel Rosecký (who are now co-owners). The main reason why Suez was selected for a construction site was utilization of traditional boat building procedures, which are still prevalent there. A wooden model had to be made first for the Egyptian builders, as was usual in the 18th century. The boat was then constructed according to this maquette. Due to the importance of the Suez Canal in global trade, high quality Scandinavian wood is readily available in Egypt. This wood was the most usual and favourite shipbuilding material in the Age of Sail. However, the keel and the frames are made of extremely hard and sturdy camphor wood and mulberry wood. Planking and decks timbers are made of Finnish pine tree wood. But nowadays, original Chapman’s blueprints are not sufficient to build a boat. Because of that, a 3D model of the boat was also made based on these blueprints. The virtual representation was then utilised to make even more detailed plans. A large amount of calculations were necessary as well (e.g. a stability assessment). Masts, yards, blocks, as well as steering wheel and cannons were made in joiner's shop of Vilém Pavlica at Valašské Meziříčí, Czech Republic. Dozens of volunteers from all over the Czech Republic worked since June 2009 and helped to complete the equipment. In December 2009, all the material was shipped to The following year was mainly in the spirit of 21st century technology. Boat’s engine, electric generator, water and power distribution were installed. Most of the work was again conducted by a joint effort of both experts and volunteers. La Grace was launched on 5 December 2010, nearly two years after the construction began. In the next few weeks the ship was at anchor, receiving finishing touches and fitting out; primarily the fitting of sails and rigging supervised by Viktor Neuman, the ship's sailing master and boatswain.

Paragraph 39: In 618, after news arrived at Chang'an that Emperor Yang was killed in a coup at Jiangdu led by the general Yuwen Huaji, Li Yuan had Yang You yield the throne to him, establishing Tang dynasty as its Emperor Gaozu. Li Jing continued serving the new dynasty. In 619, Li Jing participated in a campaign against one of Tang's major enemies, Wang Shichong the Emperor of Zheng, and was promoted for his accomplishments. Later that year, Emperor Gaozu sent him to Kui Prefecture (夔州, modern eastern Chongqing) to plan a military operation against another major enemy, Xiao Xian the Emperor of Liang, who then ruled the modern Hubei, Hunan, and Guangxi region. When he first reached Jin Prefecture (金州, roughly modern Ankang, Shaanxi), he encountered bandits in the mountain, who had several times defeated Li Yuàn (李瑗, note different tone and character than Emperor Gaozu's name (淵, yuān)) the Prince of Lujiang (Emperor Gaozu's distant nephew). Li Jing joined forces with Li Yuàn to defeat those bandits. However, as he arrived at the borders with Liang, he was blocked by Liang forces and long could not reach there, having to stop at Xia Prefecture (峽州, roughly modern Yichang, Hubei). Emperor Gaozu, believing that Li Jing was intentionally not advancing, was sufficiently angry that he secretly ordered the commandant at Xia Prefecture, Xu Shao (許紹), to execute Li Jing. Xu, however, was appreciative of Li Jing's talent, and submitted a petition urging that Li Jing be spared, and Emperor Gaozu relented. Meanwhile, in spring 620, around the same time, Ran Zhaoze (冉肇則) the leader of the Kaishan Tribe (開山蠻), rebelled against Tang rule and attacked Kui Prefecture. When Emperor Gaozu's distant nephew Li Xiaogong the Duke of Zhao Commandery fought Ran, he was initially unsuccessful, but Li Jing reinforced him with 800 men and defeated and killed Ran.

Paragraph 40: According to the diaries of Lord Lugard, George Wilson was working amongst ex-slaves and coastal tribes near Mombasa in 1889 and subsequently joined the company in January 1890 and joined Lugard on 6 August 1890, on the Sabaki trip in which Lugard's caravan left the coast at Malindi and moved slowly up the Sabaki, thereon after crossing Tsavo, they came across a Swahili caravan with slaves that were being transported by traders who fled but were later caught by Lugard and placed on trial in Mombasa. Meanwhile some of the slaves were successfully freed and the malnourished children were fed and clothed. But by 12 September Wilson's health had deteriorated to the point of losing consciousness and having a very weak pulse so Lugard acted quickly by taking Wilson to his tent and using natural medicine like rubbing him with carbolic oil to jump-start the heart beats, which seemed to have worked, and so George was given whiskey to ease the pain; however, his health challenges continued that evening and so Lugard stayed up nursing Wilson all night, which saved his life. from various accounts George was committed to joining Lugard for his Uganda expedition in 1890. Captain Lugard Knew him well and formed a high opinion of Wilson as he was "very successful with the kikuyu" and they stayed in touch long after Lugard had left Uganda, as a matter of Fact Mr Wilson sent back and forth letters to Lugard between 1895-1900 involving frank discussions about important issues, when Mr Wilson was rising up the ranks of the protectorate government in East Africa. For a while Mr Wilson was with the Scottish Industrial Mission at Kibwezi where they met up in Mombasa tasked with taking back control of Fort Dagoretti on 19 September 1891. Lugard, on his way back to the Coast in August 1892, found George at work on the Mackinnon Road, which was being built by the Mission at the cost of Sir William Mackinnon to increase trade with Uganda. Wilson joined the Uganda service on 30 August 1894. He soon made his mark as officer in charge of Kampala station. He demonstrated effective leadership, and was hence placed in charge of the protectorate region during the Sudanese Mutiny in September 1897. There's an extensive account In John Dawson Ainsworth's memoirs about how George Wilson was ambushed by the kikuyus under the command of Waiyaki Wa Hinga for a week and a half, which forced Wilson and his men to vacate the fort in Dagoretti at night and head towards Machakos on the 30th March 1891 under the advice of Ernest Gedge with his men and the 30 African soldiers he had. This was reportedly the first major confrontation between the Agikuyus and the British imperialist forces. According to Maina wa Kĩnyattĩ a marxist historian - this defeat along with another successive defeat for Wilson and his men that were unable to sustain Waiyaki lead attacks (following a recapture and rebuilding of the station at Dagoertti) that meant the loss of control of the previously burned garrison in a dash for safety back to Machakos where their headquarters were (which was built by Lugard in 1889), is in fact what led to Wilson's replacement by Colonel Erick Smith, who refocused his efforts on building another fort in Kanyonyo that he later named "Fort Smith".

Paragraph 41: Barbe-bleue has given her seven keys to his treasure chambers: the six silver ones she is permitted to use, but the seventh, golden key is forbidden. Ariane says this is the only key which matters and goes to look for the seventh door while her nurse opens the others. The nurse turns the lock in the first door and a cascade of jewels and other treasures spills out. The second door reveals a "shower of sapphires"; the third, a "deluge of pearls"; the fourth, a "waterfall of emeralds"; the fifth, "a tragic torrent of rubies". Ariane is unimpressed by the gems, although the contents of the sixth, "avalanches of gigantic diamonds", elicit a cry of wonder from her ("O mes clairs diamants!"). The sixth door also reveals the vault containing the seventh to Ariane. Ignoring her nurse's warning, she turns the golden key in the lock. At first it reveals nothing but darkness, then "the stifled sounds of far away singing rise from the bowels of the earth and spread across the hall." It is the voices of Barbe-bleue's other wives singing a folk song "Les cinq filles d'Orlamonde" ("The five maids of Orlamonde"). The nurse is terrified and tries to shut the door again but she is powerless to move it as the voices draw nearer. At the last words of the song, Barbe-bleue enters the hall. He accuses Ariane: Vous aussi... ("You too..."). She replies, Moi surtout ("Me above all"). He tells her that through her disobedience she is abandoning the happiness he has offered her. She tells him, "The happiness I want cannot thrive in the shadows." Barbe-bleue grabs her by the arm and tries to drag her towards the seventh door. As he does so, the furious peasants smash the windows and break into the hall to confront Barbe-bleue, who draws his sword in defence. But Ariane calmly turns to the crowd and asks them "What do you want? – He has done me no harm" before closing the door on them.

Paragraph 42: The first city mayor of Warsaw was Jan Andrzej Menich (1695–1696). The municipal self-government existed in Warsaw until World War II and was restored in 1990 (during the communist times, the National City Council – Miejska Rada Narodowa – governed in Warsaw). Since 1990, the structure of city government has been modified several times. Between 1975 and 1990 the Warsaw city mayors simultaneously led the Warsaw Voivode. In the years 1990-1994, the city mayor of Warsaw was elected by the city council. Subsequently, a controversial reform was introduced, transforming the city in the years of 1994–1999 into a loose municipal union of several gminas, dominated by one of them, the gmina Centrum encompassing the entire inner city. During this period, the mayor of gmina Centrum who was elected by its council was automatically designated as the city mayor of Warsaw, in spite of representing only a fraction of the population of the city. The city was becoming increasingly unmanageable, especially after the administrative reform of Poland in 1999 which further complicated the local government structure of Warsaw. In 2002, the new Warsaw Act of the Polish parliament restored Warsaw as a single urban gmina with the status of a city with powiat rights, led by a unified local government. At the same time, a significant reform was implemented in all Polish municipal governments, introducing direct elections of the wójt/town mayor/city mayor in all Polish gminas. The first city mayor of Warsaw elected according to these rules was Lech Kaczyński, who however resigned ahead of term when he was elected President of Polish Republic in 2005.

Paragraph 43: The Rüstem Pasha Mosque is famous for its large quantities of İznik tiles in a very wide variety of floral and geometric designs, which cover not only the façade of the porch but also the mihrab, minbar and walls. There are approximately 2300 tiles arranged in around 80 different patterns. These tiles exhibit the early use of Armenian bole, a tomato-red pigment that would become characteristic of İznik pottery. While this red hue is applied more thinly on most of the tiles, it was applied heavily on the tiles near the qibla wall and appeared scarlet in colour. The bright emerald green colour is only used in a panel added above an exterior doorway at a later date, and a study of the qibla tiling indicates that turquoise was the greenest hue available to the mosque’s builders prior to the addition of that emerald green. Some of the tiles, particularly those in a large panel under the portico to the left main entrance, are decorated with sage green and dark manganese purple that are characteristic of the earlier 'Damascus ware' colour scheme. Yet the mosque’s tiling does not feature the olive green found to be characteristic of Damascus tiles. No other mosque makes such a lavish use of İznik tiles; with later mosques Sinan used tiles more sparingly.

Paragraph 44:  Arnold had long promised to visit New London and the neighbouring towns on the sea shore, and the enemy having frequently appeared in sight of the harbour, the alarm guns fired on the present occasion were considered by the country around us the salutes of prizes or other vessels belonging to the port. He however arrived the 6th inst. about five o, and at seven o’ landed about 2500 men, half on each side of the river. At 8 o’ the militia mustered in parties of 8 or 10, and annoyed the enemy until about 100 of them came up and disputed their way to Fort Trumbull; their great superiority obliged our people to yield to them the possession of the fort. Col. Ledyard, with about 76 other brave fellows, retreated to the fort on Groton side, which they determined resolutely to defend. The next assault was upon this fort, where they were repulsed several times by a bravery unequalled, for about three hours. A flag was then sent, demanding a surrender of the fort, accompanies by a threat of giving no quarters in case of refusal. The commandant consulted with his brave garrison, who refused to submit. The action was then renewed, when the flag staff was unfortunately shot away; notwithstanding which the defence was gallantly continued until about five or six hundred of the enemy having forced the pickets had entered through the breach. At this time there were but four of the garrison killed, and it was thought prudent to submit, to preserve the lives of the remainder. The officer who at this time commanded the assailants, (Major Montgomery being killed) enquired who commanded the garrison? Colonel Ledyard informed him that he had had that honour, but was unfortunate in being obliged to surrender it, at the same time delivered up to him his sword, and asked for quarter for himself and people; to which the infamous villain replied, "ye rascals, I give you quarters," and then plunged the sword into his body. The inhuman banditti, taking this as a signal, drove their bayonets up to the muzzles of their pieces into the breasts of all that were taken, except one or two who made their escape. 

Paragraph 45: Fremont was offended at serving under Pope, whom he outranked, and resigned his command. Major General Franz Sigel thus assumed command of the corps on June 29. Many of the German soldiers could speak little English beyond "I fights mit Sigel" ("I'll fight with Sigel"), which was their proud slogan. President Lincoln chose Sigel less for his military skills than his influence on this crucial political constituency. In early August, Louis Blenker stepped down from command due to the lingering effects of an injury sustained during the spring; he died in October 1863. Sigel was in command at the Second Battle of Bull Run, where the corps was in the thick of the fighting, losing 295 killed, 1,361 wounded, and 431 missing; total, 2,087. At this time, the three divisions were commanded by Generals Robert C. Schenck, Adolph von Steinwehr, and Carl Schurz; there was also an independent brigade attached, under the command of Brig. Gen. Robert H. Milroy. During the first day of the battle, the corps performed a series of unsuccessful assaults on Stonewall Jackson's center and left flank. On the second day, it was in the middle of the desperate fighting against James Longstreet's Confederates on Chinn Ridge, where Sigel and Schneck were wounded and Col. John Koltes, one of the brigade commanders, was killed.

Paragraph 46: Rümmelsheim had a Jewish community until 1906. It arose in the early 19th century. As far back as the 16th century, though, there were Jews living in the village. In 1548, a man named Mosse von Rimelsheim had his name included on a protection money list. However, no further record of Jews in Rümmelsheim crops up until the 19th century. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808, there were 31 (of all together 405 inhabitants); in 1843, 48 (of 654); in 1848, 48 (in 9 families); in 1858, 45 (of 743); in 1885, 29 (of 896). In 1823, the Jewish families living in Waldalgesheim and Weiler bei Bingen were assigned to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Until then, the Jews in Waldalgesheim had felt more like part of the Schweppenhausen synagogue congregation, while the ones in Weiler had felt the same way about belonging to the congregation in Bingen. Until 1892, the Jewish families living in Bingerbrück also belonged to the Rümmelsheim Jewish community. Living in Waldalgesheim in 1823 were 8 Jews, and by 1843 it was 9 (of all together 860 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 8 again (Families Simon Stern and Schlachter), in 1858 it was 5 (of 915) and in 1885, 11 (of 1,230). Living in Weiler in 1823 were 5 Jews, and by 1843 it was 24 (of all together 884 inhabitants). In 1848, it was 12 (in 3 families), in 1858 it was 6 (of 1,033) and in 1885, 2 (of 1,394). In 1850, the following Jewish families were living in the three villages: in Rümmelsheim: Mathias Marx, David Marx, Mathias Marx, Coppel Mayer, Jacob Stern, Sebastian Stern, Raphael Stern, Servatius Stern, Joseph Stern, Joseph Marx and Carl Wohlgemuth; in Waldalgesheim: Simon Stern; in Weiler: Joseph Berg and Wendel Berg. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish religious school and a graveyard in Rümmelsheim where Jews from both Rümmelsheim and Waldalgesheim were buried (see Jewish graveyard below); the Jews in Weiler had their own graveyard. To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet. The Jews in Weiler also availed themselves of his services, for they could not afford their own. In 1848, Carl Wohlgemuth was working as an "unpaid cantor". He was at the same time the synagogue head, but had to take his leave in 1852 on health grounds. His successor was Raphael Stern. A few years later, the synagogue head was Ferdinand Stern, and beginning in 1885, Elias Stern. Towards the end of the 19th century, most of the Jewish families moved away from the village, and in 1906, the Rümmelsheim Jewish community was dissolved. The last member of the former Jewish community moved to Bingen in 1918. In 1925, no more Jewish inhabitants were being counted in Rümmelsheim. Still living in Waldalgesheim were master butcher Sally Stern's and tradesman Willy Hessel's families, while Simon Berg's family still lived in Weiler. The first two managed to emigrate to the United States. Simon Berg, then living in Bingen, and his daughter Lilly, then living in Friedberg, were both deported to the camps. According to the Gedenkbuch – Opfer der Verfolgung der Juden unter der nationalsozialistischen Gewaltherrschaft in Deutschland 1933-1945 ("Memorial Book – Victims of the Persecution of the Jews under National Socialist Tyranny") and Yad Vashem, of all Jews who either were born in Rümmelsheim, Waldalgesheim or Weiler bei Bingen or lived there for a long time, 16 died in the time of the Third Reich (birthdates in brackets):

Paragraph 47: One of the interesting things with Time Machines is that there's a handful of responses which we've had where what happened to the listeners was exactly what we intended to happen. There would be some kind of temporal disruption caused by just listening to the music, just interacting with the music. The drugs thing is actually a hook we hung it on – it originally came out of me and Drew talking that some of the types of music you listen to – sacred musics like Tibetan music or anything with a sacred intent which often is long ceremonial type music which could last for a day or three days or something. There are periods of time in that where you will come out of time. That's the intention of it to go into a trance and achieve an otherness. We thought can we do this sort of electronic punk-primitive? We did demos with a simple mono synth and we managed it. We sat in the room and listened to it loud and we lost track of time – it could be five minutes in or 20 minutes in but you suddenly get this feeling, the hairs on the back of your neck, and you'd realise that you'd had some sort of temporal slip. We fine-tuned, well, filters and oscillators and stuff, to try and maximise this effect. It was that we were after with simple tones – somehow you could slip through.

Paragraph 48: The first city mayor of Warsaw was Jan Andrzej Menich (1695–1696). The municipal self-government existed in Warsaw until World War II and was restored in 1990 (during the communist times, the National City Council – Miejska Rada Narodowa – governed in Warsaw). Since 1990, the structure of city government has been modified several times. Between 1975 and 1990 the Warsaw city mayors simultaneously led the Warsaw Voivode. In the years 1990-1994, the city mayor of Warsaw was elected by the city council. Subsequently, a controversial reform was introduced, transforming the city in the years of 1994–1999 into a loose municipal union of several gminas, dominated by one of them, the gmina Centrum encompassing the entire inner city. During this period, the mayor of gmina Centrum who was elected by its council was automatically designated as the city mayor of Warsaw, in spite of representing only a fraction of the population of the city. The city was becoming increasingly unmanageable, especially after the administrative reform of Poland in 1999 which further complicated the local government structure of Warsaw. In 2002, the new Warsaw Act of the Polish parliament restored Warsaw as a single urban gmina with the status of a city with powiat rights, led by a unified local government. At the same time, a significant reform was implemented in all Polish municipal governments, introducing direct elections of the wójt/town mayor/city mayor in all Polish gminas. The first city mayor of Warsaw elected according to these rules was Lech Kaczyński, who however resigned ahead of term when he was elected President of Polish Republic in 2005.

Paragraph 49: The arbitrageur can generate returns either actively or passively. Active arbitrageurs purchase enough stock in the target to control the outcome of the merger. These activist investors initiate sales processes or hold back support from ongoing mergers in attempts to solicit a higher bid. On the other end of the spectrum, passive arbitrageurs do not influence the outcome of the merger. One set of passive arbitrageurs invests in deals that the market expects to succeed and increases holdings if the probability of success improves. The other set of passive arbitrageurs is more involved, but passive nonetheless: these arbitrageurs are more selective with their investments, meticulously testing assumptions on the risk-reward profile of individual deals. This set of arbitrageurs will invest in deals in which they conclude that the probability of success is greater than what the spread implies. Passive arbitrageurs have more freedom in very liquid stocks: the more liquid the target stock, the better risk arbitrageurs can hide their trade. In this case, using the assumption that a higher arbitrageur presence increases the probability of consummation, the share price will not fully reflect the increased probability of success and the risk arbitrageur can buy shares and make a profit. The arbitrageur must decide whether an active role or a passive role in the merger is the more attractive option in a given situation.

Paragraph 50: The Schellenberg heights dominate the skyline to the northeast of Donauwörth – the walled town on the confluence of the Wörnitz and Danube rivers. With one flank of the hill protected by dense, impenetrable trees of the Boschberg wood, and the river Wörnitz and marshes protecting its southern and western quarters, the Schellenberg heights offer a commanding position for any defender. However, its oval shaped summit was flat and open, and its 70-year-old defences, including an old fort built by the Swedish king Gustavus Adolphus during the Thirty Years' War, were neglected and in a dilapidated state. When the unexpected attack took place the bastions, the curtain, and the ditch were fairly complete along the long eastern face from the shore of the Danube to the wooded hilltop, but in the shorter section from the wood to the fort – the angle where Marlborough's attack was delivered – the earthwork had been more hastily made up of fascines of brushwood thinly covered with soil. The western section of the lines ran steeply downhill from the fort to the city walls. Here, there was little to show in terms of defences, but to compensate the line could be protected by a flanking fire from the town. (See 'Schellenberg' map below.)