Paragraph 1: The Great Lakes Indoor Football League was founded in 2005 by brothers Eric and Jeff Spitaleri and their friend Cory Trapp. The league's first franchise accepted was the Lehigh Valley Outlawz, who joined in late June, 2005. During the league's first season, it cost a new owner a $15,000 franchising fee, with a capped salary of $5,400 per team, per week, with no player earning more than $300 per game. While trying to attract teams, the league agreed to arena contracts before securing owners in efforts to attract owners in those specific market areas. They reached agreements with markets in Danville, Illinois, Battle Creek, Michigan, Rochester, New York, Port Huron, Michigan, Toledo, Ohio and Marion, Ohio. Of those markets, the league was able to sell ownership to four of them. In December, it was finalized that the league would begin with six teams in their inaugural season, with each team playing a 10-game season over a 12-week span. On April 7, 2006, the league held its first games with the Battle Creek Crunch hosting the Port Huron Pirates and the Rochester Raiders hosting the New York/New Jersey Revolution. The Crunch were defeated 62-22 by the Pirates, and the Raiders defeated the Revolution 71-13. The league's first playoff format was a four-team setup with the number-one seed hosting the number-four seed, and the number-two seed hosting the number-three seed. The semifinals featured a pair of blowout games, with Port Huron and Rochester advancing to Great Lakes Bowl I, which was to be played at McMorran Arena as Port Huron was the number-one seed on July 22. The Pirates were able shut down the Raiders' offense for most of the second half, earning a 40-34 victory for Port Huron, thus completing the first undefeated season in league history. At the conclusion of the first season, the league also put together an All-Star Game at Stabler Arena, where they split up three teams each for an East vs. West matchup. The West dominated, with a roster full of Port Huron's championship team.

Paragraph 2: The chapter starts with Thorn's dream of Briar, Queen  Lunaria, and Lunaria's husband the king at Dragon's Stair, where Thorn is given to her grandmother, Rose Harvestar/Gran'ma Ben, who delivers her to the Great Red Dragon; almost at the same moment, Thorn's parents are killed. Thorn rides the dragon underground into the cavern containing a bright light. The Great Red Dragon asks Thorn to look into the light, whereupon she mentions a frozen waterfall. After trying to see past this, she sees her mother, who asks her to seek the Crown of Horns. Thorn then wakes, and readers learn that Tarsil's soldiers had beaten and imprisoned Thorn and Fone Bone; each losing a tooth in the process. Meanwhile, Gran'ma Ben, on the city walls, throws an interfering Vedu off the wall and two Veni-Yan monks immediately recognize her and re-enter her service. Briar's army arrives at the main gate and Tarsil defies them. In their conversation, Tarsil reveals his facial injures, received from fighting dragons, to Briar, who responds by making her face an image of his former appearance and cuts him into two halves (possibly a reference to the manner of her own death), and declares the attack. Gran'ma Ben immediately takes charge of the city's army and orders the defense. In the dungeon, Fone Bone hears the fight and shouts for the guard; but learns that Smiley and Phoney are in the next cell, while all the guards have all gone to fight. At the wall, Gran'ma Ben oppose the invading hordes of Pawa soldiers and Rat Creatures when the Venu warn her of an attack on the weaker left flank, whereupon she orders them there as reinforcements. She is then pinned down by Pawan soldiers. Thorn tries to break the iron bars imprisoning herself and her friends, but fails. Fone mentions that in using the Crown of Horns, Thorn might destroy both the Locust and herself; whereupon she promises not to use the Crown of Horns. Taneal, a prophetess-like child featured in the previous collection, brings them a hammer by which to break their shackles while she tries to break the bars of their cell. Her brother then frees Phoney and Smiley. Tarsil's soldiers gather, causing Taneal to hide. When they have gone, Taneal, her brother, Phoney, and Smiley find Thorn comatose as a result of overwhelming visions. As Smiley tries to break the bars, Taneal tells the others that Tarsil was killed and Gran'ma Ben is getting overwhelmed by the Pawa soldiers. Hearing this, Thorn awakes and manages to break out of the cell with her bare hands. On the wall, the dream masters use illusions to scare off the Rat Creatures and the Pawas from climbing over the wall. Thorn, Fone Bone, Phoney, and Smiley rejoin Gran'ma Ben. They watch as the attacking army retreats, and Thorn reveals that ghost circles are surrounding the city.

Paragraph 3: Yor finds allies in a group of rebels led by the scientist, Ena, and the mysterious blind Elder, who have been plotting to overthrow the Overlord for years. After being rescued by Ena, Yor and the rebels join forces to attack the Overlord and his androids. Ena leads them to the fortress's atomic stockpile, where they plant explosives powerful enough to destroy it and the fortress. The Elder remains behind and slowly deactivates the android army, buying time for the others to escape. The Overlord pursues them in an attempt to stop the stockpile's destruction and briefly engages Yor in combat, overwhelming him temporarily. As the Overlord enters an elevator, Yor grabs a nearby pole and hurls it through the window, impaling the villain. Mortally wounded, the Overlord struggles onward toward the stockpile as Yor and Ena continue to lead the others to safety. Pag orders them to keep going while he fends off the androids, but he loses his weapon and gets cornered by them. Ena and the rebels quickly rush to his aid, but just as the androids are about to kill Pag, the Elder deactivates them. The group quickly boards one of the Overlord's ships just as the Overlord himself reaches the stockpile control room. But before he can stop the bomb, it explodes, and he succumbs to his injuries and slowly dies. At the same moment, the Overlord's spacecraft, carrying Yor, Kalaa, Pag, Ena and the rebels flies out of the hangar to safety while the Overlord's facility explodes behind them. As the movie ends and the ship flies off into the distance, the narrator intones: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"

Paragraph 4: Ada Kahn has argued that the superiority and inferiority complexes cannot both be found in the same individual, since an individual with a superiority complex truly believes that they are superior to others. She claimed that - whereas an inferiority complex may manifest with the behaviors that are intended to show others that one is superior, such as expensive material possessions, or an obsession with vanity and appearances to conceal feelings of inadequacy - superiority complex sufferers do not always care about image or vanity, since they have innate feelings of superiority, and thus do not usually concern themselves with proving their superiority to others.

Paragraph 5: Traditional ploughs have the ploughshare and mould-board on the right, and so turn the soil over to the right.  This means that the plough cannot return along the same line for the next furrow.  Instead, ploughing is done in a clockwise direction around a long rectangular strip (a land).  After ploughing one of the long sides of the strip, the plough is removed from the ground at the end of the field, moved across the unploughed headland (the short end of the strip), then put back in the ground to work back down the other long side of the strip.  The width of the ploughed strip is fairly narrow, to avoid having to drag the plough too far across the headland. This process has the effect of moving the soil in each half of the strip one furrow's-width towards the centre line each time the field is ploughed.

Paragraph 6: The earliest examples of art from what is now Scotland are highly decorated carved stone balls from the Neolithic period. From the Bronze Age there are examples of carvings, including the first representations of objects, and cup and ring marks. From the Iron Age there are more extensive examples of patterned objects and gold work. From the early Middle Ages there are elaborately carved Pictish stones and impressive metalwork. The development of a common style of Insular art across Great Britain and Ireland influenced elaborate jewellery and illuminated manuscripts like the Book of Kells. Only isolated examples survive of native artwork from the late Middle Ages and of works created or strongly influenced by artists of Flemish origin. The influence of the Renaissance can be seen in stone carving and painting from the fifteenth century. In the sixteenth century the crown began to employ Flemish court painters who have left a portrait record of royalty. The Reformation removed a major source of patronage for art, limited the level of public display, but may have helped in the growth of secular domestic forms, particularly elaborate painting of roofs and walls. In the seventeenth century there were the first significant native artists for whom names are extant, with figures like George Jamesone and John Michael Wright, but the loss of the court as a result of the Union of Crowns in 1603 removed another major source of patronage.

Paragraph 7: Safer was born to an Austrian Jewish family in Toronto, Ontario, the son of Anna (née Cohn) and Max Safer, an upholsterer. He had an older brother, Leon Safer, and an older sister, Esther Safer. After reading works by Ernest Hemingway, he had decided in his youth that, like Hemingway, he wanted to be a foreign correspondent. He attended Harbord Collegiate Institute and Bloor Collegiate Institute in Toronto, Ontario, and briefly attended the University of Western Ontario before he dropped out to become a newspaper reporter. He said, "I was a reporter on the street at 19 and never went to college."

Paragraph 8: In 1991 a group calling itself the Loyalist Retaliation and Defence Group launched a spate of attacks against newsagents who sold An Phoblacht and also targeted AP/RN delivery drivers. On 10 August 1991, a 33-year-old shopkeeper (James Carson) was shot dead in his shop on the Falls Road, Belfast. This was followed by the shooting death of a 66-year-old shopkeeper (Lawrence Murchan) on St James's Road on 28 September 1991. Both were targeted for selling An Phoblacht in their newsagents. On 12 December 1992 AP/RN worker Malachy Carey was shot dead by loyalist gunmen in Ballymoney. In January 1991 the RUC also raided the offices of An Phoblacht in Belfast seizing computer equipment and disks. Letter bombs were also frequently sent to An Phoblacht by loyalist paramilitaries in the 1990s. In one incident on 4 January 1994 a bomb disguised as a book was carried outside of the offices by AP/RN book reviewer Aengus Ó Snodaigh where it exploded a short time later, injuring two members of the Irish Defence Forces bomb disposal unit as they attempted to defuse it. In January 2018, loyalist Winston Churchill Rea was charged with encouraging the murder of "persons working in shops selling An Phoblacht in republican and nationalist areas" between November 1977 and October 1994.

Paragraph 9: Once news broke about Arcade's kidnappings, Death Locket and the other Murder World Survivors became infamous. Death Locket was the subject of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents gushing over her actions in the Arena, which was something she did not appreciate. However, when Anachronism reveals Bloodstone's gone missing, all the survivors team up to head to Bagalia to find him. On their way in, Death Locket reveals that she really doesn't know how to fight, but Hazmat encourages her to use her gun and then congratulates her on how well it worked. Once they find Bloodstone, he reveals that he enjoys life among the villains, and the others, minus Cammi, start to enjoy it as well. Death Locket even gets hit on by Excavator of the Wrecking Crew. When Cammi tries to tell the others to leave, Bloodstone instead has Daimon Hellstrom teleport the group to Arcade's latest party so they can kill him. While at the party, Death Locket escorts Cullen and Nico to take down Arcade's computers and stop his powers so the group can fight him. They succeed and beat up Arcade before Hazmat kills him with a large radiation blast. After escaping the mansion, the group is captured by S.H.I.E.L.D., but are soon "rescued" by Daimon Hellstorm. The Son of Satan brings the group before Baron Zemo who offers the group a chance to join his forces. While taking the tour of Bagalia given by Constrictor, Becca and Chase find themselves bonding with the Young Masters. Once again, Becca finds herself bonding with Excavator. The rest of the group meets up while Becca is hanging out with the Young Masters. Every member of the group, with the exception of Cammi, accepts Baron Zemo's offer. While playing games with Excavator and the Young Masters, which include firing laser guns at each other during kart races, Chase tries to get Death Locket alone, saying he has been trying to do so for a week. Before Chase can tell her a secret, an alarm sounds and the Young Masters are called into action. The group battles A.I.M. on A.I.M. Island. She begins to enjoy combat, thinking of it as a game. Death Locket sees Captain America land a Quinjet in the battle. Excavator encourages her to shoot Captain America in the back. Chase intervenes and saves the captain's life and attacks Excavator. He informs Becca that the group never really joined the Masters of Evil and have infiltrated the group to try and take them down from the inside. As Excavator and Chase battle, they tell Death Locket to pick a side, and in a state of panic she fires and shoots Chase in the chest. When returning to Bagalia, Death Locket lies to the group saying Chase was injured in combat. He is left comatose. Over the span of three months, Death Locket embraced being part of the Young Masters. Getting a new costume, haircut, and a number of piercings on her right ear and eyebrow. She is enjoying battling the forces of S.H.I.E.L.D. Hazmat tries to secretly contact Becca, who reveals she knew the truth of the undercover team. She, and the other Young Masters, ambush Hazmat, but were defeated. Death Locket joins with the forces of Bagalia to fight the number of superheroes who came to rescue the team and confront Baron Zemo. Baron Zemo, Madame Masque, Constrictor, Daimon Hellstrom, and Death Locket teleport onto the S.H.I.E.L.D. Hellicarrier Circe. The Baron has Death Locket use her powers to crack the helicarrier's guidance system and fly them out, which she easily achieves. After gaining control of the helicarrier, she hacked into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s communication network, which gave Baron Zemo access to every television, phone, computer, and tablet in the world. When confronted by Cammi, now using Arcade's God Mode technology from Murderworld, Death Locket surrenders. She escapes with the Masters of Evil and is last seen as the pilot of their airship.

Paragraph 10: The Przeworsk culture people lived in small, unprotected villages, populated each by a few dozen residents at most, made up of several houses, usually set partially below the ground level (semi-sunken), each covering an area of 8–22 square meters. They knew how to dig and build wells, so the settlements didn't have to be located near bodies of water. Thirteen 2nd century wells with variously constructed timber lined walls were found at a settlement in Stanisławice, Bochnia County. Fields were being used for crop cultivation for a while and then as pastures, when animal excrement helped the soil regain fertility. Once iron share plows were introduced the fields were alternated between tillage and grazing.

Paragraph 11: He played an unnamed 'city gent' reluctantly sharing a train compartment with the Beatles in A Hard Day's Night, planet designer Slartibartfast in the BBC radio and TV series The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the occasional character Sir Desmond Glazebrook in the TV series Yes Minister and Yes, Prime Minister, and Mr Becket in Sammy's Super T-Shirt. He also appeared in the 1965 Morecambe and Wise film The Intelligence Men as patron of the arts Sir Edward Seabrook, Lord Bartelsham in Ripping Yarns, and Squire Dale in the BBC Radio 4 adaptation of The Small House at Allington. He played Admiral Croft in the 1971 BBC television adaptation of Persuasion. He played the urbane head of the Secret Intelligence Service Sir James Greenley in ITV political drama The Sandbaggers from 1978 to 1980. In 1986 he appeared in Paradise Postponed, and voiced the professor Gus in The Giddy Game Show (1985-7), in addition to a cameo role (as Professor Jerry Coe) in the video for Experiment IV by Kate Bush. He also appeared in the final episode of Thames Television's production of Rumpole of the Bailey (1992) as Rumpole's exculpatory dentist, Lionel Leering, and in the last series of Lovejoy (1994) playing Tinker's brother-in-law.

Paragraph 12: The second coming of Christ according to this volume had its fulfilment in the destruction of Jerusalem and the establishment of the gospel dispensation. That the parables and predictions of our Lord had a more direct and exclusive reference to that period than is generally supposed, we readily admit; but we were not prepared for the assignment of all references to a second coming in the New Testament, and even in the Apocalypse itself, to so early a fulfilment. All that could be said has been said in support of this theory, and much more than ought to have been said. In this the reasoning fails.  In order to concentrate the whole prophecies of the Book of Revelation upon the period of the destruction of Jerusalem it was needful to assume this book to have been written prior to that event, although the earliest ecclesiastical historians agree that John was banished to the isle of Patmos, where the book was written, by Domitian, who reigned after Titus, by whom Jerusalem was destroyed. Apart from this consideration, the compression of all the Apocalyptic visions and prophecies into so narrow a space requires more ingenuity and strength than that of men and angels combined. Too much stress is laid upon such phrases as 'The time is at hand,' 'Behold I come quickly,' whereas many prophecies of Scripture are delivered as present or past, as 'unto us a child is born,' etc., and 'Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows.' Amidst the many comings of Christ spoken of in the New Testament that which is spoken of as a second, must, we think, be personal, and thus similar to the first; and such too must be the meaning of 'his appearing.' Though the author's theory is carried too far, it has so much of truth in it, and throws so much new light upon obscure portions of the Scriptures, and is accompanied with so much critical research and close reasoning, that it can be injurious to none and may be profitable to all.Bob L. Ross, the publisher of Pilgrim Publications, was an ardent opponent to full preterism, yet he acknowledged the existence of this review.  Apparently, it was censored. - Todd Dennis

Paragraph 13: The clients main function was as an instant messenger. Similar to other such online services, any user who had been added as a 'friend' could be immediately contacted through text chat. To communicate with other users in-game, Xfire users could send and receive instant messages from inside any game that was running in full screen mode, regardless of the games the sender or recipient were in. This eliminated the need to minimize the game window. Users were also able to directly send files to one another via the chat window. In August 2005, Xfire updated to version 1.43, which added a beta voice chat feature using Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology to the application called "Xfire Pro-Voice". Until early 2009, if voice chat was being used in a chat room, users had to host the voice chat, causing quality problems and lag due to some users have better system capabilities than others. Xfire hosted the voice chat sessions to resolve quality problems. On May 4, 2009, a built-in alpha AOL Instant Messenger and Windows Live Messenger plugin was released in 1.108. As of May 4, 2009, it only supported chatting, and none of AIM's other features. From December 1, 2009, users could access their Twitter accounts through Xfire, allowing players to view updates posted by other users, as well as post their own. Google Talk was also subsequently added. In December 2011, Xfire added support for Facebook chatting, enabling users to chat with their Facebook friends from within the game.

Paragraph 14: Portrayed by Robert John Burke in season one, two, five and six, Bartholomew "Bart" Bass, whose birthday is always on Columbus Day, is Chuck's billionaire father, founder of Bass Industries and was married to Lily van der Woodsen and evenatually became the main antagonist of the series. His family lived at the New York Palace Hotel, which he owned. His money was self-made, as opposed to inherited like most Upper East Side families. He was controlling with his family, ruthless in business and demonstrated little affection for Chuck, and it's revealed that this is because he holds his son responsible for his late wife's death (Chuck's mother died while giving birth to him.) At times Bart appears to care about his son, and asked him to be his best man at the wedding. Bart complimented Chuck on his speech, and said he was proud of his commitment to Blair. In season 2, with Dan's help, he and Chuck try to mend their relationship, but he suddenly dies in a limo accident. In season 3, he reappears as a "ghost" on the anniversary of his death. In season 5, Diana Payne claims that she is Chuck's biological mother, conceiving him after she and Bart had an affair, but it is revealed to be untrue. When looking for Diana's secret, he is discovered alive. As life on the Upper East Side goes on with its gossip and rage of others, Chuck finds out something he was not supposed to about his father and how he pays people off to "accidentally" kill people who are after him and with information that could destroy his reputation. As Chuck and Blair keep digging for dirt on Bart, He gets Nate into prison and tries to kill his own son in a flight to Moscow as a deal to Chuck to keep everyone he loves safe. As a party is going on for Bart, it is then announced that there was a plane crash which turns out to be a Bass industries private jet which is the one that Chuck was in. As Dan gives hits heart felt speech about what was supposed to be Bart, Dan reveals it was not Bart he was talking about, it was Chuck as he steps onto the stage and reveals in front of the cameras that his father tried to have him killed. Bart tries to fix the mess that Chuck had done while having him taken to the roof top to the building by his guards and leaves saying that Chuck is going to be put in an institute for his delusional mind set. As Chuck tries to get the truth out of Bart on the roof top, Bart threatens Chuck which leads to Chuck hitting Bart and Bart hanging from the side of the building as Blair approaches the scene. Bart eventually loses grip of the rail and falls off the building without any regret from Chuck and a horrified Blair.

Paragraph 15: He played an unnamed 'city gent' reluctantly sharing a train compartment with the Beatles in A Hard Day's Night, planet designer Slartibartfast in the BBC radio and TV series The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the occasional character Sir Desmond Glazebrook in the TV series Yes Minister and Yes, Prime Minister, and Mr Becket in Sammy's Super T-Shirt. He also appeared in the 1965 Morecambe and Wise film The Intelligence Men as patron of the arts Sir Edward Seabrook, Lord Bartelsham in Ripping Yarns, and Squire Dale in the BBC Radio 4 adaptation of The Small House at Allington. He played Admiral Croft in the 1971 BBC television adaptation of Persuasion. He played the urbane head of the Secret Intelligence Service Sir James Greenley in ITV political drama The Sandbaggers from 1978 to 1980. In 1986 he appeared in Paradise Postponed, and voiced the professor Gus in The Giddy Game Show (1985-7), in addition to a cameo role (as Professor Jerry Coe) in the video for Experiment IV by Kate Bush. He also appeared in the final episode of Thames Television's production of Rumpole of the Bailey (1992) as Rumpole's exculpatory dentist, Lionel Leering, and in the last series of Lovejoy (1994) playing Tinker's brother-in-law.

Paragraph 16: Portrayed by Robert John Burke in season one, two, five and six, Bartholomew "Bart" Bass, whose birthday is always on Columbus Day, is Chuck's billionaire father, founder of Bass Industries and was married to Lily van der Woodsen and evenatually became the main antagonist of the series. His family lived at the New York Palace Hotel, which he owned. His money was self-made, as opposed to inherited like most Upper East Side families. He was controlling with his family, ruthless in business and demonstrated little affection for Chuck, and it's revealed that this is because he holds his son responsible for his late wife's death (Chuck's mother died while giving birth to him.) At times Bart appears to care about his son, and asked him to be his best man at the wedding. Bart complimented Chuck on his speech, and said he was proud of his commitment to Blair. In season 2, with Dan's help, he and Chuck try to mend their relationship, but he suddenly dies in a limo accident. In season 3, he reappears as a "ghost" on the anniversary of his death. In season 5, Diana Payne claims that she is Chuck's biological mother, conceiving him after she and Bart had an affair, but it is revealed to be untrue. When looking for Diana's secret, he is discovered alive. As life on the Upper East Side goes on with its gossip and rage of others, Chuck finds out something he was not supposed to about his father and how he pays people off to "accidentally" kill people who are after him and with information that could destroy his reputation. As Chuck and Blair keep digging for dirt on Bart, He gets Nate into prison and tries to kill his own son in a flight to Moscow as a deal to Chuck to keep everyone he loves safe. As a party is going on for Bart, it is then announced that there was a plane crash which turns out to be a Bass industries private jet which is the one that Chuck was in. As Dan gives hits heart felt speech about what was supposed to be Bart, Dan reveals it was not Bart he was talking about, it was Chuck as he steps onto the stage and reveals in front of the cameras that his father tried to have him killed. Bart tries to fix the mess that Chuck had done while having him taken to the roof top to the building by his guards and leaves saying that Chuck is going to be put in an institute for his delusional mind set. As Chuck tries to get the truth out of Bart on the roof top, Bart threatens Chuck which leads to Chuck hitting Bart and Bart hanging from the side of the building as Blair approaches the scene. Bart eventually loses grip of the rail and falls off the building without any regret from Chuck and a horrified Blair.

Paragraph 17: He played an unnamed 'city gent' reluctantly sharing a train compartment with the Beatles in A Hard Day's Night, planet designer Slartibartfast in the BBC radio and TV series The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the occasional character Sir Desmond Glazebrook in the TV series Yes Minister and Yes, Prime Minister, and Mr Becket in Sammy's Super T-Shirt. He also appeared in the 1965 Morecambe and Wise film The Intelligence Men as patron of the arts Sir Edward Seabrook, Lord Bartelsham in Ripping Yarns, and Squire Dale in the BBC Radio 4 adaptation of The Small House at Allington. He played Admiral Croft in the 1971 BBC television adaptation of Persuasion. He played the urbane head of the Secret Intelligence Service Sir James Greenley in ITV political drama The Sandbaggers from 1978 to 1980. In 1986 he appeared in Paradise Postponed, and voiced the professor Gus in The Giddy Game Show (1985-7), in addition to a cameo role (as Professor Jerry Coe) in the video for Experiment IV by Kate Bush. He also appeared in the final episode of Thames Television's production of Rumpole of the Bailey (1992) as Rumpole's exculpatory dentist, Lionel Leering, and in the last series of Lovejoy (1994) playing Tinker's brother-in-law.

Paragraph 18: Once news broke about Arcade's kidnappings, Death Locket and the other Murder World Survivors became infamous. Death Locket was the subject of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents gushing over her actions in the Arena, which was something she did not appreciate. However, when Anachronism reveals Bloodstone's gone missing, all the survivors team up to head to Bagalia to find him. On their way in, Death Locket reveals that she really doesn't know how to fight, but Hazmat encourages her to use her gun and then congratulates her on how well it worked. Once they find Bloodstone, he reveals that he enjoys life among the villains, and the others, minus Cammi, start to enjoy it as well. Death Locket even gets hit on by Excavator of the Wrecking Crew. When Cammi tries to tell the others to leave, Bloodstone instead has Daimon Hellstrom teleport the group to Arcade's latest party so they can kill him. While at the party, Death Locket escorts Cullen and Nico to take down Arcade's computers and stop his powers so the group can fight him. They succeed and beat up Arcade before Hazmat kills him with a large radiation blast. After escaping the mansion, the group is captured by S.H.I.E.L.D., but are soon "rescued" by Daimon Hellstorm. The Son of Satan brings the group before Baron Zemo who offers the group a chance to join his forces. While taking the tour of Bagalia given by Constrictor, Becca and Chase find themselves bonding with the Young Masters. Once again, Becca finds herself bonding with Excavator. The rest of the group meets up while Becca is hanging out with the Young Masters. Every member of the group, with the exception of Cammi, accepts Baron Zemo's offer. While playing games with Excavator and the Young Masters, which include firing laser guns at each other during kart races, Chase tries to get Death Locket alone, saying he has been trying to do so for a week. Before Chase can tell her a secret, an alarm sounds and the Young Masters are called into action. The group battles A.I.M. on A.I.M. Island. She begins to enjoy combat, thinking of it as a game. Death Locket sees Captain America land a Quinjet in the battle. Excavator encourages her to shoot Captain America in the back. Chase intervenes and saves the captain's life and attacks Excavator. He informs Becca that the group never really joined the Masters of Evil and have infiltrated the group to try and take them down from the inside. As Excavator and Chase battle, they tell Death Locket to pick a side, and in a state of panic she fires and shoots Chase in the chest. When returning to Bagalia, Death Locket lies to the group saying Chase was injured in combat. He is left comatose. Over the span of three months, Death Locket embraced being part of the Young Masters. Getting a new costume, haircut, and a number of piercings on her right ear and eyebrow. She is enjoying battling the forces of S.H.I.E.L.D. Hazmat tries to secretly contact Becca, who reveals she knew the truth of the undercover team. She, and the other Young Masters, ambush Hazmat, but were defeated. Death Locket joins with the forces of Bagalia to fight the number of superheroes who came to rescue the team and confront Baron Zemo. Baron Zemo, Madame Masque, Constrictor, Daimon Hellstrom, and Death Locket teleport onto the S.H.I.E.L.D. Hellicarrier Circe. The Baron has Death Locket use her powers to crack the helicarrier's guidance system and fly them out, which she easily achieves. After gaining control of the helicarrier, she hacked into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s communication network, which gave Baron Zemo access to every television, phone, computer, and tablet in the world. When confronted by Cammi, now using Arcade's God Mode technology from Murderworld, Death Locket surrenders. She escapes with the Masters of Evil and is last seen as the pilot of their airship.

Paragraph 19: In 918, after Xu Zhixùn insulted the general Zhu Jin and tried to expel Zhu from the Wu central government, Zhu assassinated him and then, when corned by Xu Wen's close associate Zhai Qian (), committed suicide.  Xu Zhigao, upon hearing of the disturbance at Guangling, took his troops, crossed the Yangtze, and pacified the city.  After Xu Wen subsequently arrived, he suspected many other generals and officials of being in a conspiracy with Zhu and considered major reprisals.  Xu Zhigao and Yan Keqiu, however, reported to him about Xu Zhixùn's acts that brought alienationincluding his arrogance and lack of respect for even Yang Longyan, as his sovereign.  Xu Wen, listening to them, did not carry out large scale reprisals.  As all of his other sons were young, he made Xu Zhigao the junior regent with the official titles of deputy commander of the Huainan army, deputy commander of the infantry and cavalry, general overseer of the headquarters, and military prefect of Jiang Prefecture (江州, in modern Jiujiang, Jiangxi), with Xu Zhijian taking over his post as military prefect of Run.  It was said that Xu Zhigao governed opposite to how Xu Zhixùn didhe treated Yang Longyan with respect, was frugal, and was respectful to the other officials.  He also lowered the tax burden on the people.  He continued to employ Song as a chief strategist.  Later in the year, when Yan was repeatedly trying to persuade Xu Wen to replace Xu Zhigao with Xu Zhixún, Xu Zhigao tried to remove Yan from the scene by making him the prefect of Chu Prefecture (楚州, in modern Huai'an, Jiangsu).  When Yan received the order, however, he went to see Xu Wen.  At the meeting, he pointed out that at that time, Wu's nominal ally and fellow rival to Later Liang, Jin, was winning victory after victory over Later Liang, and that Jin's prince Li Cunxu appeared to be posturing to claim the imperial title himself and claim lawful succession from the Tang emperors.  Yan argued that, with that being the case, Wu's political structure was untenable since it, like Jin, had been claiming its desire to reestablish Tang.  Yan instead suggested that Xu Wen advise Yang Longyan to claim imperial title as well and restructure the Wu political structure to cut off connections to Tang.  Xu Wen agreed, and he kept Yan at Guangling to prepare for ceremonies for such a break with Tang.  Xu Zhigao, seeing that he could not eliminate Yan, instead decided to make peace with Yan by giving a daughter in marriage to Yan's son Yan Xu.

Paragraph 20: As this genus containing species is part of the subphylum Alveolata and phylum Dinoflagellata, it has the defining characteristics of these groups. As in all alveolates, species in Durinskia have flattened vesicles known as alveoli under the plasma membrane. One of Durinskia’s shared characteristics with some dinoflagellates is the cellulose plates contained in alveoli forming the outer armor, theca. The other shared characteristics between Durinskia and dinoflagellates include the presence of condensed chromosomes in the large nucleus called the dinokaryon, and the two surface grooves that each bears one flagellum. The transverse surface groove is called the cingulum which runs laterally around the whole organism, whereas the other groove, sulcus, starts from ventral midpoint of the cingulum vertically down to the posterior end of the organism typically. The cingulum is a useful morphological feature in discerning species. For instance, the angle of descent of the cingulum varies among species. The theca is also separated by the cingulum into epitheca for theca above the cingulum and hypotheca for theca below the cingulum. The red eyespot functions as a lens that allows organisms to respond to visual stimulation. While eyespots and plastids are found in both groups, the origin of these structures differ as discussed the tertiary plastid section. The following are some major discerning features of Durinskia. Species in Durinskia are mostly ovoid. The apical pore in one Durinskia species is a slit-like pore that is located at the apex of the epitheca. The epitheca is either similar in size or slightly longer than the hypotheca. There are no ornaments on the smooth and thin theca in this genus. The cingulum slightly descends downward toward the medial of the organism by around half its width. The sulcus is narrow and may widen as it extends to the posterior end of the organism as in D. agilis. The plates that form the theca immediately above and directly below the cingulum are called the precingular plates and postcingular plates respectively. In the genus Durinskia, organisms have 6 precingular plates and 5 postcingular plates; the cingulum and sulcus is composed 5 unequal plates and 6 plates respectively. Although the shape of the plates varies among species, all species have cingular plates that do not align with the postcingular plates. Since the position of the large nucleus (dinokaryon), shape of the eye spot, and the number and shape of chloroplasts may vary among species, the most reliable method of identification is to observe tabulation pattern of thecal plate. The most interesting feature of Durinskia is the presence of its tertiary plastid which originated from a pennate diatom. Durinskia’s tertiary plastid is sometimes confused with the tertiary plastid in Peridiniopsis penardii, which originated from a centric diatom since both plastids have four membranes. As a reminder, a plastid is an endosymbiont that has been incorporated into the host as an essential organelle, and a pennate diatom is elongated in valve view whereas a centric diatom is circular.

Paragraph 21: Abdullah Khan failed to consolidate Yarkand Khanate, prevent its disintegration and stop separatism of Begs and Sultans, who used in power struggles between them not only Kara Yanchuk mercenaries, but powerful religious leaders, Khojas, of both rival sections, Kara Taghliks and Ak Taghliks, as well. During his rule Baghistan ( Country of Gardens) in Ili River Valley was lost to Dzungars in 1651 to the first Dzungar Khan Erdeni Batur, founder of Dzungar Khanate (1634-1755), who was granted the title  Khong Tayiji  by the 5th Dalai Lama. In the end of his rule entire Moghulistan, north of Tengri Tagh, was lost to Dzungars. He lost control of the East of the Yarkand Khanate, his brothers Abu'l Muhammad Khan and Ibrahim Sultan ruled Uyghurstan (Chalish-Turpan-Kumul) independently from him as a Little Khans , having own system of Taxation, while regions of Eastern Kashgaria: Uch Turpan, Aksu, Bai, Kucha had become actually a self-governed cities, ruled by Begs. Power of Abdullah Khan had become restricted only by the 6 cities of Western Kashgaria: Yarkand, Kashgar, Khotan, Kargalik, Yangi Hisar,  Barchuk and Sarikol area of Pamir, nevertheless, these six cities with suburbs and related towns counted for about 70% of total population of Yarkand Khanate and provided main source of income to the Treasury of Great Khan in Yarkand, while eastern areas of the Khanate were under constant pressure from Dzungars and spent considerable amount of their resources for local defenses.  Abdullah's eldest son Yulbars Sultan (Yulbars Khan) actively supported leaders of Ak Taghliks, Muhammad Yusup Khoja ( died in 1640, his mausoleum is known as a Tomb of Appak Khoja) and his son Appak Khoja. Yulbars Sultan married his aunt, Shah-Zada Mahim, daughter of Mirza Abul-Hadi Beg of Kucha, to Appak Khoja and became his disciple. Yulbars Sultan ruled Kashgar for 30 years from the age of 8 since 1638 and having made alliance with Appak Khoja and by establishing friendly relations with Dzungar Khan Sengge openly challenged his father Abdullah Khan, intending to replace him as a  Great Khan  in Yarkand. As result, Kashgar became a center of opposition to Abdullah Khan, who in turn, was supported by Kara Taghlik leaders Khoja Yahia and Khoja Ubaidullah (son of Khoja Yahia),  and by another son Nur ad-Din Sultan, who recruited vast number of mercenaries, Kara Yanchuks, that were actively used for political killings of opponents by all rival sides. This put Yarkand Khanate, actually, into the state of a civil war, just prior of Dzungar Invasions of 1670 and 1678 years.

Paragraph 22: For a short period of time, Antonijević performed with the band Plaćenici, after which Partibrejkers were reformed in a new lineup, featuring a former Plaćenici drummer Vlada Funtek and former Radost Evrope bassist Dime Todorov "Mune". The band recorded the material for the second studio album in June 1987 at the Barbaro Studio in Bukovac. The recordings were sent to PGP-RTB, but they were not prone to releasing it. In the meantime, the band organized two charity concerts at the Lotus bar, buying sixteen cakes for the children of the neglected children home in Zvečanska street in Belgrade. In May 1988, Funtek left the band, being firstly replaced by Marko Milivojević, and then by former Potop and Banana member Igor Borojević. In September 1988, the band's second album, with the working title Kobila i pastuv preljubnik (A Mare and a Stallion Adulterer), was released. However, Goran Dimić, who designed the album cover, on purpose did not put the album title on the cover. Partibrejkers II featured prominent tracks "Ja se ne vraćam" ("I'm Not Coming Back"), "Prsten" ("A Ring"), "Mesečeva kći" ("Moon Daughter"), "Pet ispod nule" ("Five Degrees Below Zero") and "Nema cure" ("There Is No Girl"), for which Antonijević sang the lead vocals. The song "Put" ("The Road") was not recorded in Bukovac, but at the O Studio in March 1988 and added to the rest of the material. At the same time, MTV made a report on the band's work.

Paragraph 23: Abdullah Khan failed to consolidate Yarkand Khanate, prevent its disintegration and stop separatism of Begs and Sultans, who used in power struggles between them not only Kara Yanchuk mercenaries, but powerful religious leaders, Khojas, of both rival sections, Kara Taghliks and Ak Taghliks, as well. During his rule Baghistan ( Country of Gardens) in Ili River Valley was lost to Dzungars in 1651 to the first Dzungar Khan Erdeni Batur, founder of Dzungar Khanate (1634-1755), who was granted the title  Khong Tayiji  by the 5th Dalai Lama. In the end of his rule entire Moghulistan, north of Tengri Tagh, was lost to Dzungars. He lost control of the East of the Yarkand Khanate, his brothers Abu'l Muhammad Khan and Ibrahim Sultan ruled Uyghurstan (Chalish-Turpan-Kumul) independently from him as a Little Khans , having own system of Taxation, while regions of Eastern Kashgaria: Uch Turpan, Aksu, Bai, Kucha had become actually a self-governed cities, ruled by Begs. Power of Abdullah Khan had become restricted only by the 6 cities of Western Kashgaria: Yarkand, Kashgar, Khotan, Kargalik, Yangi Hisar,  Barchuk and Sarikol area of Pamir, nevertheless, these six cities with suburbs and related towns counted for about 70% of total population of Yarkand Khanate and provided main source of income to the Treasury of Great Khan in Yarkand, while eastern areas of the Khanate were under constant pressure from Dzungars and spent considerable amount of their resources for local defenses.  Abdullah's eldest son Yulbars Sultan (Yulbars Khan) actively supported leaders of Ak Taghliks, Muhammad Yusup Khoja ( died in 1640, his mausoleum is known as a Tomb of Appak Khoja) and his son Appak Khoja. Yulbars Sultan married his aunt, Shah-Zada Mahim, daughter of Mirza Abul-Hadi Beg of Kucha, to Appak Khoja and became his disciple. Yulbars Sultan ruled Kashgar for 30 years from the age of 8 since 1638 and having made alliance with Appak Khoja and by establishing friendly relations with Dzungar Khan Sengge openly challenged his father Abdullah Khan, intending to replace him as a  Great Khan  in Yarkand. As result, Kashgar became a center of opposition to Abdullah Khan, who in turn, was supported by Kara Taghlik leaders Khoja Yahia and Khoja Ubaidullah (son of Khoja Yahia),  and by another son Nur ad-Din Sultan, who recruited vast number of mercenaries, Kara Yanchuks, that were actively used for political killings of opponents by all rival sides. This put Yarkand Khanate, actually, into the state of a civil war, just prior of Dzungar Invasions of 1670 and 1678 years.

Paragraph 24: The second coming of Christ according to this volume had its fulfilment in the destruction of Jerusalem and the establishment of the gospel dispensation. That the parables and predictions of our Lord had a more direct and exclusive reference to that period than is generally supposed, we readily admit; but we were not prepared for the assignment of all references to a second coming in the New Testament, and even in the Apocalypse itself, to so early a fulfilment. All that could be said has been said in support of this theory, and much more than ought to have been said. In this the reasoning fails.  In order to concentrate the whole prophecies of the Book of Revelation upon the period of the destruction of Jerusalem it was needful to assume this book to have been written prior to that event, although the earliest ecclesiastical historians agree that John was banished to the isle of Patmos, where the book was written, by Domitian, who reigned after Titus, by whom Jerusalem was destroyed. Apart from this consideration, the compression of all the Apocalyptic visions and prophecies into so narrow a space requires more ingenuity and strength than that of men and angels combined. Too much stress is laid upon such phrases as 'The time is at hand,' 'Behold I come quickly,' whereas many prophecies of Scripture are delivered as present or past, as 'unto us a child is born,' etc., and 'Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows.' Amidst the many comings of Christ spoken of in the New Testament that which is spoken of as a second, must, we think, be personal, and thus similar to the first; and such too must be the meaning of 'his appearing.' Though the author's theory is carried too far, it has so much of truth in it, and throws so much new light upon obscure portions of the Scriptures, and is accompanied with so much critical research and close reasoning, that it can be injurious to none and may be profitable to all.Bob L. Ross, the publisher of Pilgrim Publications, was an ardent opponent to full preterism, yet he acknowledged the existence of this review.  Apparently, it was censored. - Todd Dennis

Paragraph 25: The need to assert civilian control of the military was a reform agenda which began being addressed almost as soon as Ferdinand Marcos was deposed by the 1986 People Power Revolution; within a year of Marcos' ouster, the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines enshrined the principle of civilian supremacy over the military. This was because of broad local  and international consensus that "human rights abuses became rampant" during the dictatorship, with Philippine Constabulary units such as the Metrocom Intelligence and Security Group (MISG), and the 5th Constabulary Security Unit (5CSU), identified with many particular cases. These units had also been associated with acts of intimidation and violence media entities, corporate management, and opposition groups.

Paragraph 26: Safer was born to an Austrian Jewish family in Toronto, Ontario, the son of Anna (née Cohn) and Max Safer, an upholsterer. He had an older brother, Leon Safer, and an older sister, Esther Safer. After reading works by Ernest Hemingway, he had decided in his youth that, like Hemingway, he wanted to be a foreign correspondent. He attended Harbord Collegiate Institute and Bloor Collegiate Institute in Toronto, Ontario, and briefly attended the University of Western Ontario before he dropped out to become a newspaper reporter. He said, "I was a reporter on the street at 19 and never went to college."

Paragraph 27: The clients main function was as an instant messenger. Similar to other such online services, any user who had been added as a 'friend' could be immediately contacted through text chat. To communicate with other users in-game, Xfire users could send and receive instant messages from inside any game that was running in full screen mode, regardless of the games the sender or recipient were in. This eliminated the need to minimize the game window. Users were also able to directly send files to one another via the chat window. In August 2005, Xfire updated to version 1.43, which added a beta voice chat feature using Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology to the application called "Xfire Pro-Voice". Until early 2009, if voice chat was being used in a chat room, users had to host the voice chat, causing quality problems and lag due to some users have better system capabilities than others. Xfire hosted the voice chat sessions to resolve quality problems. On May 4, 2009, a built-in alpha AOL Instant Messenger and Windows Live Messenger plugin was released in 1.108. As of May 4, 2009, it only supported chatting, and none of AIM's other features. From December 1, 2009, users could access their Twitter accounts through Xfire, allowing players to view updates posted by other users, as well as post their own. Google Talk was also subsequently added. In December 2011, Xfire added support for Facebook chatting, enabling users to chat with their Facebook friends from within the game.

Paragraph 28: The earliest examples of art from what is now Scotland are highly decorated carved stone balls from the Neolithic period. From the Bronze Age there are examples of carvings, including the first representations of objects, and cup and ring marks. From the Iron Age there are more extensive examples of patterned objects and gold work. From the early Middle Ages there are elaborately carved Pictish stones and impressive metalwork. The development of a common style of Insular art across Great Britain and Ireland influenced elaborate jewellery and illuminated manuscripts like the Book of Kells. Only isolated examples survive of native artwork from the late Middle Ages and of works created or strongly influenced by artists of Flemish origin. The influence of the Renaissance can be seen in stone carving and painting from the fifteenth century. In the sixteenth century the crown began to employ Flemish court painters who have left a portrait record of royalty. The Reformation removed a major source of patronage for art, limited the level of public display, but may have helped in the growth of secular domestic forms, particularly elaborate painting of roofs and walls. In the seventeenth century there were the first significant native artists for whom names are extant, with figures like George Jamesone and John Michael Wright, but the loss of the court as a result of the Union of Crowns in 1603 removed another major source of patronage.

Paragraph 29: Yor finds allies in a group of rebels led by the scientist, Ena, and the mysterious blind Elder, who have been plotting to overthrow the Overlord for years. After being rescued by Ena, Yor and the rebels join forces to attack the Overlord and his androids. Ena leads them to the fortress's atomic stockpile, where they plant explosives powerful enough to destroy it and the fortress. The Elder remains behind and slowly deactivates the android army, buying time for the others to escape. The Overlord pursues them in an attempt to stop the stockpile's destruction and briefly engages Yor in combat, overwhelming him temporarily. As the Overlord enters an elevator, Yor grabs a nearby pole and hurls it through the window, impaling the villain. Mortally wounded, the Overlord struggles onward toward the stockpile as Yor and Ena continue to lead the others to safety. Pag orders them to keep going while he fends off the androids, but he loses his weapon and gets cornered by them. Ena and the rebels quickly rush to his aid, but just as the androids are about to kill Pag, the Elder deactivates them. The group quickly boards one of the Overlord's ships just as the Overlord himself reaches the stockpile control room. But before he can stop the bomb, it explodes, and he succumbs to his injuries and slowly dies. At the same moment, the Overlord's spacecraft, carrying Yor, Kalaa, Pag, Ena and the rebels flies out of the hangar to safety while the Overlord's facility explodes behind them. As the movie ends and the ship flies off into the distance, the narrator intones: "...Yor returns to the primitive tribes on the mainland. He is determined to use his superior knowledge to prevent them making the same mistakes as their forefathers. Will he succeed?"

Paragraph 30: The clients main function was as an instant messenger. Similar to other such online services, any user who had been added as a 'friend' could be immediately contacted through text chat. To communicate with other users in-game, Xfire users could send and receive instant messages from inside any game that was running in full screen mode, regardless of the games the sender or recipient were in. This eliminated the need to minimize the game window. Users were also able to directly send files to one another via the chat window. In August 2005, Xfire updated to version 1.43, which added a beta voice chat feature using Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology to the application called "Xfire Pro-Voice". Until early 2009, if voice chat was being used in a chat room, users had to host the voice chat, causing quality problems and lag due to some users have better system capabilities than others. Xfire hosted the voice chat sessions to resolve quality problems. On May 4, 2009, a built-in alpha AOL Instant Messenger and Windows Live Messenger plugin was released in 1.108. As of May 4, 2009, it only supported chatting, and none of AIM's other features. From December 1, 2009, users could access their Twitter accounts through Xfire, allowing players to view updates posted by other users, as well as post their own. Google Talk was also subsequently added. In December 2011, Xfire added support for Facebook chatting, enabling users to chat with their Facebook friends from within the game.

Paragraph 31: As this genus containing species is part of the subphylum Alveolata and phylum Dinoflagellata, it has the defining characteristics of these groups. As in all alveolates, species in Durinskia have flattened vesicles known as alveoli under the plasma membrane. One of Durinskia’s shared characteristics with some dinoflagellates is the cellulose plates contained in alveoli forming the outer armor, theca. The other shared characteristics between Durinskia and dinoflagellates include the presence of condensed chromosomes in the large nucleus called the dinokaryon, and the two surface grooves that each bears one flagellum. The transverse surface groove is called the cingulum which runs laterally around the whole organism, whereas the other groove, sulcus, starts from ventral midpoint of the cingulum vertically down to the posterior end of the organism typically. The cingulum is a useful morphological feature in discerning species. For instance, the angle of descent of the cingulum varies among species. The theca is also separated by the cingulum into epitheca for theca above the cingulum and hypotheca for theca below the cingulum. The red eyespot functions as a lens that allows organisms to respond to visual stimulation. While eyespots and plastids are found in both groups, the origin of these structures differ as discussed the tertiary plastid section. The following are some major discerning features of Durinskia. Species in Durinskia are mostly ovoid. The apical pore in one Durinskia species is a slit-like pore that is located at the apex of the epitheca. The epitheca is either similar in size or slightly longer than the hypotheca. There are no ornaments on the smooth and thin theca in this genus. The cingulum slightly descends downward toward the medial of the organism by around half its width. The sulcus is narrow and may widen as it extends to the posterior end of the organism as in D. agilis. The plates that form the theca immediately above and directly below the cingulum are called the precingular plates and postcingular plates respectively. In the genus Durinskia, organisms have 6 precingular plates and 5 postcingular plates; the cingulum and sulcus is composed 5 unequal plates and 6 plates respectively. Although the shape of the plates varies among species, all species have cingular plates that do not align with the postcingular plates. Since the position of the large nucleus (dinokaryon), shape of the eye spot, and the number and shape of chloroplasts may vary among species, the most reliable method of identification is to observe tabulation pattern of thecal plate. The most interesting feature of Durinskia is the presence of its tertiary plastid which originated from a pennate diatom. Durinskia’s tertiary plastid is sometimes confused with the tertiary plastid in Peridiniopsis penardii, which originated from a centric diatom since both plastids have four membranes. As a reminder, a plastid is an endosymbiont that has been incorporated into the host as an essential organelle, and a pennate diatom is elongated in valve view whereas a centric diatom is circular.

Paragraph 32: Less than a month after the events of the September 11, 2001 attacks, Jackyl recorded and released "Open Invitation", which received wide airplay and featured lyrics that included, "I hate you bin Laden" and "You've got an open invitation to kiss our ass."  The song mixed in clips from George C. Scott's portrayal of George S. Patton giving a speech to his soldiers in the movie Patton and President George W. Bush reading from the Bible's Shepherd's Psalm Psalm 23:4.  The band has described their song and lyrics as: "This song is written in the key of 'ANGER' that such a thing can happen in this country. It's not directed toward any religious group or race of people. It is directed toward those 'assholes' responsible."

Paragraph 33: The second coming of Christ according to this volume had its fulfilment in the destruction of Jerusalem and the establishment of the gospel dispensation. That the parables and predictions of our Lord had a more direct and exclusive reference to that period than is generally supposed, we readily admit; but we were not prepared for the assignment of all references to a second coming in the New Testament, and even in the Apocalypse itself, to so early a fulfilment. All that could be said has been said in support of this theory, and much more than ought to have been said. In this the reasoning fails.  In order to concentrate the whole prophecies of the Book of Revelation upon the period of the destruction of Jerusalem it was needful to assume this book to have been written prior to that event, although the earliest ecclesiastical historians agree that John was banished to the isle of Patmos, where the book was written, by Domitian, who reigned after Titus, by whom Jerusalem was destroyed. Apart from this consideration, the compression of all the Apocalyptic visions and prophecies into so narrow a space requires more ingenuity and strength than that of men and angels combined. Too much stress is laid upon such phrases as 'The time is at hand,' 'Behold I come quickly,' whereas many prophecies of Scripture are delivered as present or past, as 'unto us a child is born,' etc., and 'Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows.' Amidst the many comings of Christ spoken of in the New Testament that which is spoken of as a second, must, we think, be personal, and thus similar to the first; and such too must be the meaning of 'his appearing.' Though the author's theory is carried too far, it has so much of truth in it, and throws so much new light upon obscure portions of the Scriptures, and is accompanied with so much critical research and close reasoning, that it can be injurious to none and may be profitable to all.Bob L. Ross, the publisher of Pilgrim Publications, was an ardent opponent to full preterism, yet he acknowledged the existence of this review.  Apparently, it was censored. - Todd Dennis

Paragraph 34: Abdullah Khan failed to consolidate Yarkand Khanate, prevent its disintegration and stop separatism of Begs and Sultans, who used in power struggles between them not only Kara Yanchuk mercenaries, but powerful religious leaders, Khojas, of both rival sections, Kara Taghliks and Ak Taghliks, as well. During his rule Baghistan ( Country of Gardens) in Ili River Valley was lost to Dzungars in 1651 to the first Dzungar Khan Erdeni Batur, founder of Dzungar Khanate (1634-1755), who was granted the title  Khong Tayiji  by the 5th Dalai Lama. In the end of his rule entire Moghulistan, north of Tengri Tagh, was lost to Dzungars. He lost control of the East of the Yarkand Khanate, his brothers Abu'l Muhammad Khan and Ibrahim Sultan ruled Uyghurstan (Chalish-Turpan-Kumul) independently from him as a Little Khans , having own system of Taxation, while regions of Eastern Kashgaria: Uch Turpan, Aksu, Bai, Kucha had become actually a self-governed cities, ruled by Begs. Power of Abdullah Khan had become restricted only by the 6 cities of Western Kashgaria: Yarkand, Kashgar, Khotan, Kargalik, Yangi Hisar,  Barchuk and Sarikol area of Pamir, nevertheless, these six cities with suburbs and related towns counted for about 70% of total population of Yarkand Khanate and provided main source of income to the Treasury of Great Khan in Yarkand, while eastern areas of the Khanate were under constant pressure from Dzungars and spent considerable amount of their resources for local defenses.  Abdullah's eldest son Yulbars Sultan (Yulbars Khan) actively supported leaders of Ak Taghliks, Muhammad Yusup Khoja ( died in 1640, his mausoleum is known as a Tomb of Appak Khoja) and his son Appak Khoja. Yulbars Sultan married his aunt, Shah-Zada Mahim, daughter of Mirza Abul-Hadi Beg of Kucha, to Appak Khoja and became his disciple. Yulbars Sultan ruled Kashgar for 30 years from the age of 8 since 1638 and having made alliance with Appak Khoja and by establishing friendly relations with Dzungar Khan Sengge openly challenged his father Abdullah Khan, intending to replace him as a  Great Khan  in Yarkand. As result, Kashgar became a center of opposition to Abdullah Khan, who in turn, was supported by Kara Taghlik leaders Khoja Yahia and Khoja Ubaidullah (son of Khoja Yahia),  and by another son Nur ad-Din Sultan, who recruited vast number of mercenaries, Kara Yanchuks, that were actively used for political killings of opponents by all rival sides. This put Yarkand Khanate, actually, into the state of a civil war, just prior of Dzungar Invasions of 1670 and 1678 years.

Paragraph 35: Created by Founder and original owner Steve Allison in 1989 (Allison Broadcast Group, Inc.), the EDGE was basically an evolution of Allison's Phoenix radio station, KEYX "KEY 100.3" an alternative station which he founded in 1986. Allison bought then-KZRK for $3.6 million cash. KZRK programmed the syndicated heavy metal format ZRock. Soon after debuting KDGE, Allison then immediately took on the construction of a 2,000-foot tower in Collinsville, Texas in order to improve the station's signal. Steve Allison chose the name "The EDGE" and changed the call letters to KDGE. He also designed the station's logo and chose and developed its format. Larry Neilson, the former program director of KEYX in Phoenix was chosen as the original EDGE Program Director. Wendy Naylor, who had worked for Allison at his various stations in Phoenix since 1982, was chosen as the music director and morning show co-host along with KEYX alumni Roger King. Also relocating to Dallas from Phoenix was Tom Duran as the Sales Manager and a major player in helping create The EDGE's promotion and concerts. Months before The EDGE debut in June 1989, the KEYX Phoenix crew was formulating the station's format, promotions, etc. from a temporary suite while the EDGE studios were being built out next door. Two weeks before the EDGE debut, Program Director Larry Neilson was contacted by Dallas local George Gimarc about possibly doing a speciality show on The EDGE. Neilson was impressed by Gimarc's music knowledge, consulted with Owner/General Manager Steve Allison, and made the decision to put Gimarc on as the afternoon drive air personality. Gimarc proved to be a good hire and his influence on the station over time was invaluable, but he had nothing whatsoever to do with the "founding" of "The Edge". "The Edge" became an important force in the local music scene in Dallas, is the only station to play local and national "alternative" styles. (KEGL had switched to a more modern format around 1982 but by 1989, that station was largely playing hits from national playlists.)

Paragraph 36: In 2003, Júlio César become embroiled in a controversy during the loss to Fluminense. With Flamengo already trailing 4–0, César, after making a save, dropped the ball on the ground and begun playing with the feet, dribbling several players until the ball was taken by Zé Carlos. This attitude was heavily criticized by then coach of the team, Evaristo de Macedo, who called him an "idiot". According to César, he did this because he was desperate and was feeling helpless, stating: "Fluminense was giving us the runaround and I wanted to help my teammates, who were going through a difficult situation. I overdid it because I was sad and hurt, but I already apologized on Saturday."

Paragraph 37: Once news broke about Arcade's kidnappings, Death Locket and the other Murder World Survivors became infamous. Death Locket was the subject of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents gushing over her actions in the Arena, which was something she did not appreciate. However, when Anachronism reveals Bloodstone's gone missing, all the survivors team up to head to Bagalia to find him. On their way in, Death Locket reveals that she really doesn't know how to fight, but Hazmat encourages her to use her gun and then congratulates her on how well it worked. Once they find Bloodstone, he reveals that he enjoys life among the villains, and the others, minus Cammi, start to enjoy it as well. Death Locket even gets hit on by Excavator of the Wrecking Crew. When Cammi tries to tell the others to leave, Bloodstone instead has Daimon Hellstrom teleport the group to Arcade's latest party so they can kill him. While at the party, Death Locket escorts Cullen and Nico to take down Arcade's computers and stop his powers so the group can fight him. They succeed and beat up Arcade before Hazmat kills him with a large radiation blast. After escaping the mansion, the group is captured by S.H.I.E.L.D., but are soon "rescued" by Daimon Hellstorm. The Son of Satan brings the group before Baron Zemo who offers the group a chance to join his forces. While taking the tour of Bagalia given by Constrictor, Becca and Chase find themselves bonding with the Young Masters. Once again, Becca finds herself bonding with Excavator. The rest of the group meets up while Becca is hanging out with the Young Masters. Every member of the group, with the exception of Cammi, accepts Baron Zemo's offer. While playing games with Excavator and the Young Masters, which include firing laser guns at each other during kart races, Chase tries to get Death Locket alone, saying he has been trying to do so for a week. Before Chase can tell her a secret, an alarm sounds and the Young Masters are called into action. The group battles A.I.M. on A.I.M. Island. She begins to enjoy combat, thinking of it as a game. Death Locket sees Captain America land a Quinjet in the battle. Excavator encourages her to shoot Captain America in the back. Chase intervenes and saves the captain's life and attacks Excavator. He informs Becca that the group never really joined the Masters of Evil and have infiltrated the group to try and take them down from the inside. As Excavator and Chase battle, they tell Death Locket to pick a side, and in a state of panic she fires and shoots Chase in the chest. When returning to Bagalia, Death Locket lies to the group saying Chase was injured in combat. He is left comatose. Over the span of three months, Death Locket embraced being part of the Young Masters. Getting a new costume, haircut, and a number of piercings on her right ear and eyebrow. She is enjoying battling the forces of S.H.I.E.L.D. Hazmat tries to secretly contact Becca, who reveals she knew the truth of the undercover team. She, and the other Young Masters, ambush Hazmat, but were defeated. Death Locket joins with the forces of Bagalia to fight the number of superheroes who came to rescue the team and confront Baron Zemo. Baron Zemo, Madame Masque, Constrictor, Daimon Hellstrom, and Death Locket teleport onto the S.H.I.E.L.D. Hellicarrier Circe. The Baron has Death Locket use her powers to crack the helicarrier's guidance system and fly them out, which she easily achieves. After gaining control of the helicarrier, she hacked into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s communication network, which gave Baron Zemo access to every television, phone, computer, and tablet in the world. When confronted by Cammi, now using Arcade's God Mode technology from Murderworld, Death Locket surrenders. She escapes with the Masters of Evil and is last seen as the pilot of their airship.

Paragraph 38: Traditional ploughs have the ploughshare and mould-board on the right, and so turn the soil over to the right.  This means that the plough cannot return along the same line for the next furrow.  Instead, ploughing is done in a clockwise direction around a long rectangular strip (a land).  After ploughing one of the long sides of the strip, the plough is removed from the ground at the end of the field, moved across the unploughed headland (the short end of the strip), then put back in the ground to work back down the other long side of the strip.  The width of the ploughed strip is fairly narrow, to avoid having to drag the plough too far across the headland. This process has the effect of moving the soil in each half of the strip one furrow's-width towards the centre line each time the field is ploughed.

Paragraph 39: On June 1, 2013, Beyoncé Knowles sang the song during The Sound of Change Live concert in London, as part of Chime for Change, an organization which supports total equality between women and men in all areas of life. Mark Sutherland of Rolling Stone magazine noted that Knowles belted out the song, while Alice Vincent from The Daily Telegraph noted that the rendition of the song reflected the event's purpose. Later, on July 20, 2013, Knowles performed the song during a stop in Detroit as part of her Mrs. Carter Show World Tour. The performance followed the city's recent file for bankruptcy. As Knowles performed, the screen behind her displayed photos of Detroit's landmarks and icons including Aretha Franklin, Aaliyah, Eminem, Anita Baker, Bob Seger, Kid Rock, the White Stripes, Berry Gordy Jr., Joe Louis. The montage ended with the declaration "Nothing Stops Detroit!" and Knowles closed the performance by saying "I love you, Detroit". A spokesperson for the singer described the performance as a "unique tribute to the history of an incredible city and a celebration of the strong spirit of its people". A black-and-white video of the cover was uploaded on Knowles' official YouTube channel on July 30, 2013. It closes with a quote from Henry Ford: “Failure is simply the opportunity to start over, this time more intelligently." A reporter for The Huffington Post reported that the singer's "heartfelt" cover of the song "touched" her fans and the people who loved Detroit. Latifah Muhammad of the Black Entertainment Television wrote that Knowles' "powerful" rendition of the song came right on time. An editor for Essence described Knowles' cover as a "moving tribute to Detroit". Jordan Sargent of Spin wrote, "It all might come off as a bit heavy-handed if it wasn't for the fact that, well, Beyonce absolutely slays the cover." Lauren Moraski from CBS News described the tribute to the city as "touching".

Paragraph 40: Traditional ploughs have the ploughshare and mould-board on the right, and so turn the soil over to the right.  This means that the plough cannot return along the same line for the next furrow.  Instead, ploughing is done in a clockwise direction around a long rectangular strip (a land).  After ploughing one of the long sides of the strip, the plough is removed from the ground at the end of the field, moved across the unploughed headland (the short end of the strip), then put back in the ground to work back down the other long side of the strip.  The width of the ploughed strip is fairly narrow, to avoid having to drag the plough too far across the headland. This process has the effect of moving the soil in each half of the strip one furrow's-width towards the centre line each time the field is ploughed.

Paragraph 41: Traditional ploughs have the ploughshare and mould-board on the right, and so turn the soil over to the right.  This means that the plough cannot return along the same line for the next furrow.  Instead, ploughing is done in a clockwise direction around a long rectangular strip (a land).  After ploughing one of the long sides of the strip, the plough is removed from the ground at the end of the field, moved across the unploughed headland (the short end of the strip), then put back in the ground to work back down the other long side of the strip.  The width of the ploughed strip is fairly narrow, to avoid having to drag the plough too far across the headland. This process has the effect of moving the soil in each half of the strip one furrow's-width towards the centre line each time the field is ploughed.