Paragraph 1: The MegaSquirt line of ECUs, particularly MegaSquirt-3 and MS3Pro, have commonly found themselves to be innovators in the Engine Management System world.  The creative thought and innovative efforts of the developers and the lead distributor (DIYAutoTune) has brought about many advancements, only years later to be copied and imitated by others in the industry. Perhaps the first to implement (in 2010) Real-Time o2 Sensor based fueling corrections on an individual cylinder basis of any aftermarket ECU, this allowed the ECU to treat each cylinder of the engine individually, with the ability to tune the fuel injection system for the precise amount of fuel each cylinder needs to account for different air distribution caused by uneven airflow through the intake manifold and cylinder heads.  However going back much further, to the early days of MegaSquirt-2 in 2005, the Output Test Modes feature was implemented allowing all of the ECUs critical outputs, from the fuel injectors, to the ignition coil, fuel pump, idle valve, and more to be 'tested' from the TunerStudio Tuning Software to allow the user to verify their wiring/installation is proper, and to verify individual components of the EFI system are working properly.  This diagnostic feature is one of many that set the MegaSquirt line of ECUs apart from all others for over a decade.  Alas... others in the market have since begun to imitate these features.  We'll just have to wait and see what new creative tech the team at MegaSquirt and DIYAutoTune think up next.

Paragraph 2: Helstrom talks Hilda into silence, then incites a mutiny on board the Venture, but the sailors want no more captains and force him along with Denham, Englehorn, Hilda, and Charlie the cook away in a lifeboat. The group soon land on Skull Island and discover that the natives now blame Denham for Kong's destruction in their village, forcing them to retreat and into the interior of the island, where they split up into two groups. Denham and Hilda soon encounter a giant albino gorilla, smaller than Kong,  but still over twice the height of a man. The giant ape is stuck in quicksand, so Denham helps him out of it and bandages the ape's injured finger, establishing trust with the ape. Denham tells Hilda that he believes the ape is Kong's son, and names him "Little Kong". Later, Englehorn, Charlie, and Helstrom are attacked by a Styracosaurus which chases them into a cave. Denham and Hilda are attacked by a giant cave bear, but "Little Kong" fights it and forces it away.  Helstrom had actually made up his treasure-story to get a free ride away from Dakang, but with the ape's help, Denham and Hilda find a real treasure- a huge jewel on the head of a seemingly abandoned giant stone idol, which he takes for safe-keeping. Little Kong, Denham, and Hilda are attacked by a Nothosaurus, but "Little Kong" fights and kills it. A storm ensues and Helstrom tries to escape in the lifeboat, but is killed by an Elasmosaurus. Englehorn, Hilda and Charlie quickly retrieve and board the lifeboat, but a violent earthquake and hurricane strikes the island, and it begins to sink into the ocean. The water soon surrounds Denham and "Little Kong" atop a tall mound, and as the ape's foot gets stuck in the cracking mound, he sacrifices himself to save Denham by holding him above the water. The group in the boat reach Denham just in time, as the ape's hand, with Denham's bandage still on his finger, sinks below. On the deck of a rescue ship, Denham and Hilda contemplate the tragic fate of Kong's son, and of their future together, but Denham shows Hilda the jewel he salvaged, assuring her that it will provide financial security for all of them. It was Denham's intention to split the fortune four ways (Denham, Hilda, Englehorn and Charlie), but Hilda convinces him that three ways is just fine, indicating that she is throwing her fortunes in with Denham for the long haul.

Paragraph 3: The earliest purely Irish statute on the kindred subjects of nuisances to navigation and fisheries was the 5 Ed 4 c 6; but it merely referred to foreign vessels visiting the Irish coasts for the purposes of fishing, and had no permanent effect on the subjects' common law right. The next Irish statute, however, was of much more importance; and its provisions seemed to be still in force in 1863, and certainly had not expressly been repealed. This Act, the Inland Navigation Act 1537 (28 Hen 8 c 22) (Ir),1 vol of st p. 161, after reciting the great injury done to the navigation or traffic of boats, cottes, wherries, and other vessels on the royal rivers, Barrow, Nore, Suir, and those to and from Waterford, Kilkenny, Ross, Clonmel, and other places in the counties of Kildare, Catherlogh, (Carlow) Wexford, Kilkenny, Waterford, and Tipperary, by the erection of weirs and other obstacles, and through which the salmon fry were destroyed, enacted that it shall be lawful for any person, with the aid of the sheriff of the county, to prostrate all such weirs, and to make a convenient gap through every mill pond; it also imposed heavy penalties on persons resisting this summary process of removing obstructions to navigation. The Act, "so far as relates to destroying salmon fry," was repealed by the Fisheries (Ireland) Act 1842 (5 & 6 Vict c 106), the first Act of a code of Irish fishery laws; but there was not the least reason to doubt that it was in full force in all other respects in 1863. Indeed, as to the abatement of those public nuisances in the various navigable waters enumerated, it only confirmed and strengthened the common law, which permits everyone interested in the matter, and particularly required all justices and sheriffs, summarily, and of their own motion, without tedious formal process and authority from courts of law, to abate all nuisances prejudicial to the public interests, especially those so highly favoured as the interests of navigation, commerce, and fishing. Under this Act rights were enjoyed of towage on the banks of the rivers referred to in it; and there seems, therefore, no reason to doubt that the opinion attributed to Mr. M'Mahon MP, that this statute was still law and might at any time be enforced, was correct in 1863. Indeed, it was strengthened by the Inland Navigation Act 1731 (5 Geo 2 c 11) (Ir), which, after reciting the Inland Navigation Act 1537, imposed very heavy penalties-£50 for the first offence, £100 for the second, on the re-erection of any weirs prostrated under the authority of the Inland Navigation Act 1537, just recited. The Inland Navigation Act 1731, was only repealed, as to the third section, which relates to "fishermen or apprentices fishing in navigable waters." There was no provision in the Inland Navigation Act 1537, relating to the destruction of salmon fry. It only recited the fact of the destruction to salmon fry caused by the erection of weirs, etc.; and the repeal of the Act as to this recital seems a mere absurdity; the fact was true, and remained unaltered. The conclusion, therefore, seems clear that both statutes were in full force in 1863 as to the rivers and six counties named in them.

Paragraph 4: P. canadensis coexisted with ankylosaurids Anodontosaurus lambei and Edmontonia longiceps, the maniraptorans Atrociraptor marshalli, Epichirostenotes curriei, the troodontid Albertavenator curriei, the alvarezsaurid theropod Albertonykus borealis, the ornithomimids Dromiceiomimus brevitertius, Ornithomimus edmontonicus, and an unnamed species of Struthiomimus, the bone-head pachycephalosaurids Stegoceras, and Sphaerotholus edmontonensis, the ornithopod Parksosaurus warreni, the hadrosaurids Edmontosaurus regalis, Hypacrosaurus altispinus, and Saurolophus osborni, the ceratopsians Anchiceratops ornatus, Arrhinoceratops brachyops, Eotriceratops xerinsularis, Montanoceratops cerorhynchus, and the tyrannosaurids Albertosaurus sarcophagus and a possible species of Daspletosaurus, which were the apex predators of this paleoenvironment. Of these, the hadrosaurs dominated in terms of sheer number and made up half of all dinosaurs who lived in this region. Vertebrates present in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation at the time of Pachyrhinosaurus included reptiles, and amphibians. Sharks, rays, sturgeons, bowfins, gars and the gar-like Belonostomus made up the fish fauna. Reptiles such as turtles and crocodilians are rare in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation, and this was thought to reflect the relatively cool climate which prevailed at the time. A study by Quinney et al. (2013) however, showed that the decline in turtle diversity, which was previously attributed to climate, coincided instead with changes in soil drainage conditions, and was limited by aridity, landscape instability, and migratory barriers. The saltwater plesiosaur Leurospondylus was present and freshwater environments were populated by turtles, Champsosaurus, and crocodilians like Leidyosuchus and Stangerochampsa. Evidence has shown that multituberculates and the early marsupial Didelphodon coyi were present. Vertebrate trace fossils from this region included the tracks of theropods, ceratopsians and ornithopods, which provide evidence that these animals were also present. Non-vertebrates in this ecosystem included both marine and terrestrial invertebrates.

Paragraph 5: One of the last of the Dutch corsairs of the mid-17th century, Abraham Blauvelt was first recorded exploring the coasts of present-day Honduras and Nicaragua in service of the Dutch West India Company. He later traveled to England in an effort to gain support to establish a colony in Nicaragua near the city where Bluefields, Nicaragua presently stands. Around 1640 Blauvelt became a privateer serving the Swedish East India Company and in 1644 he commanded his own ship successfully raiding Spanish shipping from a base in southwest Jamaica, today known as Bluefields, Jamaica, and selling the cargo and prizes to the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam (New York). After peace between Spain and the Netherlands was reached with the signing of the Peace of Westphalia in 1648, Blauvelt, unable to stay in New Amsterdam, instead sailed to Newport, Rhode Island in early 1649 to sell his remaining cargo. However the colonial governor seized one of Blauvelt's prizes and with his crew arguing over their shares, the local colonists, fearing that Rhode Island acquire a reputation of trading with pirates, forced Blauvelt to leave the colony. For the next several years Blauvelt commanded a French ship called La Garse, later living among the natives of Cape Gracias a Dios near the border of Honduras and Nicaragua, until the early 1660s when he was recruited for Christopher Myngs' sacking of the Spanish colony of Campeche in 1663. However, nothing more is known about his activities after this time.

Paragraph 6: Roger, who was to bring his force from the west to join Ralph, was held in check at the River Severn by the Worcestershire fyrd which the English bishop Wulfstan brought into the field against him. Ralph in the meantime encountered a much superior force under the warrior bishops Odo of Bayeux and Geoffrey de Montbray (the latter ordered that all rebels should have their right foot cut off) near Cambridge and retreated hurriedly to Norwich, hotly pursued by the royal army. Leaving Emma to defend Norwich Castle, Ralph sailed for Denmark in search of help.  He eventually returned to England with a fleet of 200 ships under Cnut and Hakon, but they failed to do anything effective.

Paragraph 7: In 2002, Executive Producer Louise Berridge decided to reintroduce the character 8 years after she had last appeared. Auditions were held to cast the role to a professional actor; however, auditionees were not informed which character they were auditioning for. The first audition was a group workshop of 30 auditionees, who were asked to perform improvisations. After whittling down potential actors from 500 to 4, the second stage of the audition process was an interview with EastEnders''' Casting Director. The auditionees were asked to perform a monologue in front of a camera and do a screen test with one of the actors already in the show, Christopher Parker, who played Spencer Moon. 17-year-old actress Scarlett Alice Johnson was cast: "At the second audition they gave me a monologue to read, but they'd been really careful about it. They hadn't said what the character's name was, they didn't give away anything in the monologue that might tell me who I was auditioning for. So I didn't know until I got the part who I was going to be playing—I'd been guessing for ages!" Asked how she felt when she knew she was playing Vicki Fowler, a character linked to the show's early history who is the daughter of 2 prominent original characters, Johnson said: "I felt very honoured, but it was quite scary. I knew there'd be a lot of people out there with expectations of what she'd be like. But it's good fun actually. It means you don't have to introduce yourself to everyone. You can really play with that [...] My family are EastEnders addicts, we've watched it our whole lives. I remember the first Vicki, I remember Michelle and I definitely remember Dirty Den! My knowledge of the show really helped a lot, because I didn't have to do any research into the character. When I joined the show, I felt like I was meeting the actors for a second time. I'd already met them in my home on TV, then I had to actually meet them in real life!" The character made her reappearance in January 2003, turning up unexpectedly at her grandmother Pauline's (Wendy Richard) house.

Paragraph 8: It is difficult to estimate the number of people who emigrated from Ottoman and Mandate Palestine between the start of the Zionist movement and the establishment of the State of Israel, or the proportion of emigrants compared with the number of immigrants into the country. Estimates of the extent of emigration during the period of the initial Zionist settlement in Palestine with the First Aliyah, as well as the Second Aliyah, range between approximately 40% (an estimation made by Joshua Kaniel) of all immigrants and up to 80–90%. Although the precise number is unknown, it is known that many of the European Jewish immigrants during this period gave up after a few months and left, often suffering from hunger and disease. In the latter part of the Fourth Aliyah, during 1926–1928, the mandatory authorities recorded 17,972 Jewish immigrants, and the Jewish Agency counted about 1,100 more who were not registered with the authorities. During the same period, the authorities recorded 14,607 Jewish emigrants. Overall, it is estimated that about 60,000 Jews emigrated from Mandatory Palestine between 1923 and 1948, and that the total number of Jews who emigrated from the start of the Zionist project to the establishment of the state was around 90,000.

Paragraph 9: The transition from straight jokotō or chokutō to deliberately curved, and much more refined Japanese swords (nihontō), occurred gradually over a long period of time, although few extant swords from the transition period exist. Dating to the 8th century, Shōsōin swords and the Kogarasu Maru show a deliberately produced curve. Yasutsuna from Hōki Province forged curved swords that are considered to be of excellent quality. Stylistic change since then is minimal, and his works are considered the beginning of the old sword (kotō) period, which existed until 1596, and produced the best-known Japanese swordsmiths. According to sources Yasutsuna may have lived in the Daidō era (806–809), around 900; or more likely, was a contemporary of Sanjō Munechika and active in the Eien era (987, 988). The change in blade shape increased with the introduction of horses (after 941) into the battlefield, from which sweeping cutting strokes with curved swords were more effective than stabbing lunges required of foot soldiers. Imparting a deliberate curve is a technological challenge requiring the reversal of natural bending that occurred when the sword edge is hammered. The development of a ridge (shinogi) along the blade was essential for construction. Various military conflicts during the Heian period helped to perfect the techniques of swordsmanship, and led to the establishment of swordsmiths around the country. They settled in locations close to administrative centers, where the demand for swords was high, and in areas with easy access to ore, charcoal and water. Originally smiths did not belong to any school or tradition. Around the mid to late-Heian period distinct styles of workmanship developed in certain regional centers. The best known of these schools or traditions are the gokaden (five traditions) with each producing a distinct style of workmanship and associated with the five provinces: Yamashiro, Yamato, Bizen, Sagami/Sōshū and Mino. These five schools produced about 80% of all kotō period swords. Each school consisted of several branches. In the late Heian period Emperor Go-Toba, a sword lover, summoned swordsmiths from the Awataguchi school of Yamashiro, the Ichimonji school of Bizen and the Aoe school of Bitchū Province to forge swords at his palace. These smiths, known as goban kaji (honorable rotation smiths) are considered to have been the finest swordsmiths of their time. Go-Toba selected from the Awataguchi, Hisakuni and Ichimonji Nobufusa to collaborate on his own tempering. Early Kamakura period tachi had an elaborately finished tang and an elegant dignified overall shape (sugata). Tantō daggers from the same period showed a slight outward curvature.

Paragraph 10: In "Autonomy and Biopower in the Anti-Doping Establishment: A Rogue Agent of Governmentality," sport historian Daniel Rosenke reviews Pechstein's case, citing it as an example of the contentious nature of the biological passport. After collecting sample data on the skater for a period of nearly nine years, the ISU banned Pechstein from competition for an above threshold fluctuation in reticulocyte percentage, a blood parameter used in passport profiling. Notably, Pechstein argued her ‘%Retics’ of 3.49 fell into the normal range for women her age and asserted that the International Skating Union’s (ISU) threshold limit of 2.4 was far too low, basing this claim on a confluence of data in medical science. Two weeks following the 3.49 reading, Pechstein was tested again at 1.37, a difference considered by the ISU to be an unequivocal sign of doping. To defend herself, Pechstein cast doubt upon the accuracy of the ‘%Retics’ measurement, citing both her hemoglobin and hematocrit levels as exculpatory evidence. In short, she questioned the reliability and accuracy of the entire procedure's longitudinal sample collection, which ultimately led to her violation of the ISU's anti-doping code. Finally, Pechstein interrogated the burden of proof to be met by the ISU in proving a doping violation. She suggested as the CAS pointed out, that "the ISU must convince the panel (of arbitrators) to a level very close to ‘beyond reasonable doubt’ that all alternative causes for the increase of %Retics can be excluded, and that additionally, the [a]thlete had an intention to use blood doping." An important consideration here is that the burden of proof should be proportional the severity of the accusation (according to the World Anti-Doping Code), and in legal terms, should fall closer to beyond a reasonable doubt than the ‘comfortable satisfaction’ of the panel. With the information presented, it seems Pechstein’s assertion was valid and cast serious doubt on the so-called ‘clear-cut’ positive described by the ISU.

Paragraph 11: Langenlonsheim had a Jewish community until sometime between 1938 and 1942. It arose sometime in the 17th or 18th century. The earliest mention of a Jewish family in the village – named Benedict – comes from 1685. In 1695 a Wendel Judt was named. In 1722, two Jewish families were named (Jud Benedict and Mayer), while in 1743 it was four (Hayum Benedict, Götz Benedict, Juda Kahn and Meyer). In 1790, the following Jewish household heads were named: Hayum Benedict (widow), Joseph Benedict, Nadan Benedict Maier, Gottschlag Jude, Benedict Joseph, Sükkind Juda, David Götz and Benedict Nadan. In the 19th century, the number of Jewish inhabitants developed as follows: in 1808 there were 45; in 1843, there were 42 (of all together 1,236 inhabitants); in 1858, 73; in 1895, 70. In 1808, the following Jewish families were listed (the names given in brackets were those borne after Napoleonic French rule ended): Israel Brill, Benoît (Benedict) Goetz, Gottschalk Kahn, Widow (?) Rebekka Kuhn, Widow (of Joseph Kaufmann) Schoene Kaufmann née Kuhn, Benoît (Benedict) Natt, Mayer Natt, Jacques (Jakob) Scheier (Scheuer), Moses Schweiss (Schweig), Widow Judith Stern, Seeligmann Stern. In the way of institutions, there were a synagogue (see Synagogue below), a Jewish school (a schoolroom at the synagogue), a mikveh and a graveyard (see Jewish graveyard below). To provide for the community's religious needs, a schoolteacher was hired, who also busied himself as the hazzan and the shochet (preserved is a whole series of job advertisements for such a position in Langenlonsheim from such publications as Der Israelit). Among the religion teachers were, about 1855 David Cahn from Mertloch, in 1857 Heinrich Hirschfeld from Dessau, in 1861 Julius Kappel (or Koppel) and in 1893 Michael Boreich. The Jewish household heads were active in various occupations, foremost in trading. There were several businesses and shops in Langenlonsheim belonging to Jewish families (businesses with domestic products and fertilizer, several wine dealer's shops, men's and women's clothing and bedding shops as well as livestock and grain dealerships). There were also Jewish bakers and butchers. The Jewish inhabitants were fully integrated into village life and played a lively part in public life and in the village's clubs, even as club founders and chairmen: Heinrich Natt and Siegmund Hirschberger were founding members in 1887 of the Verein für Leibesübungen 1887 Langenlonsheim e.V. (a club for physical exercise), while Siegmund Heymann, Siegmund Hirschberger, Carl Mayer and Emil Natt were, among other such endeavours, founding members in 1902 of the Langenlonsheim volunteer fire brigade. Two members of Langenlonsheim's Jewish community fell in the First World War, Unteroffizier Sally Natt (b. 7 July 1889 in Langenlonsheim, d. 26 September 1914) and Gefreiter Arthur Metzger (b. 6 November 1883 in Langenlonsheim, d. May 1915). Both names appear on the monument to the fallen in the First World War that stands before the general graveyard. All together, fourteen Jewish men were in wartime service; several came back highly decorated. About 1924, when there were still some 50 persons in the Jewish community (2.5% of the total population of some 2,000 inhabitants), the community leaders were Ludwig Mayer and Fritz Natt. Then living in each of Bretzenheim and Laubenheim were seven Jews. In 1932, the community leader was Carl Mayer. Tending the community's religious needs was Rabbi Dr. Jacob (Bad Kreuznach). About 1930, the following families were living in Langenlonsheim: Karl Mayer (wine dealer, Bingerstraße 2), Rudolf Mayer (men's and women's clothing, bedding and manufactured goods, Bingerstraße 11), Ludwig Mayer (livestock dealer, Hauptstraße 52), Fritz Natt (wine dealer, Hollergasse 28/corner of Weidenstraße), Moritz Weiss (butcher and livestock and wine dealer, Hauptstraße 24), Siegmund Heymann (domestic products, Hauptstraße 39), Carl Nachmann (wine and grain dealer, Hauptstraße 35), August Weiss (livestock dealer, Schulstraße 12), Gustav Kahn (plumber, Hollergasse 20) and the Family Blank (religion teacher, Kreuznacher Straße).

Paragraph 12: Crimpshrine originally formed in 1982 under the name S.A.G. with Aaron Cometbus playing guitar and Jesse Michaels (later of Operation Ivy) on vocals, both 13 years old. Michaels initially attempted to play guitar, but "didn't know any chords, so I played with my thumb." According to Elliot, the band had a "serious lack of equipment" during this time, as they had one drum and only 3 strings on the guitar, which was tuned to a barre chord. They quickly added friend Jeff Ott, then 12, on drums initially but switched to guitar soon after and Cometbus took over drums. Regarding Ott's guitar skills, Michaels described him as "twenty times better than us". Michaels was kicked out of the band in 1984, which he said was for "smoking too much pot", and Ott and Cometbus changed the band's name to Crimpshrine. According to Ott, the name came from a nickname for a girl they knew who had "bleached-blond, burned, crimped hair." The group initially wanted a female singer, but could not find one so Ott took over on vocals in late 1984 and they then went through various different line-ups during 1985. Ott began experimenting with playing synthesizer and piano, a man named Isaac joined on violin and Tim Armstrong (then known as Lint) played bass for a brief period. Pete Rypins joined as the group's bassist in October 1986 and, according to Cometbus, "started to get out of Jeff's basement and play some parties and shows."

Paragraph 13: Doctorate in Religion recipient Sandra Kahn notes the parallel between early Christians "going out to spread the 'good news' heedless of personal danger, and the early converts [to the Baháʼí Faith] taking the message to their hearts as fulfillment of their most cherished hopes.… providing a glimpse into the actual scenario of the mass teaching/conversion experience which is so similar to early Christianity" even though "a significant number of Southern fundamentalist Christians who religion orientation is primarily 'other-worldly,' convert to a religion which denies the literal beliefs which they have always held, replacing them with sophisticated symbolic interpretations in a 'this-world' setting." Reviewing a small selection of converts Kahn found "Concrete behavioral change take place. These are changes in habits such as fighting, drinking, "partying", cursing, gambling, gossiping, and promiscuous sexual behavior…. Family relationships become more stable. Racially mixed relationships and marriages occur. There is a tendency to increase one's education, nutritional habits and medical practices. And the convert finds ways to use his own talents to contribute to the religion and personally help others, as well as accepting help." Finding additional parallels with a study of mass conversion in Buddhism she finds "Most of them are poor, illiterate, with centuries of oppression behind them" akin to the Untouchables of India, and represents a stage in escaping the system of oppression, using a popular understanding of the religion's ideas rather than an intellectual one. While many who were initially enthusiastic about conversion fell away, none in Kahn's study formally converted back to Christianity. She found the tendency to convert to the Baha'i Faith transcended other options for those she studied - on the one hand it filled a need for a kind of personal salvation over that of a "civil religion" in the American mythos of civil rights and its "sacred" documents like the Declaration of Independence, and on the other it was more appealing that the Civil Rights Movement with its charismatic preachers and ideals because it was less personal and more a "restatement of the old myth for the purpose of social action". She found that "the two (southern Christian experience and the Baha'i Faith) are compatible for a fruitful encounter. In a sense they are complementary. The Baha'i [faith] provides philosophical explanations, a broader world view, a sense of history, a sense of world unity, explanations of catastrophes and corruption, and in general gives a wider experience of purpose and meaning suitable to the new cultural environment of the South."

Paragraph 14: The current Archer Avenue plans emerged in the 1960s under the city and Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA)'s Program for Action. It was conceived as an expansion of Queens Boulevard service to a Southeast Queens Line along the right-of-way of the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) Atlantic Branch towards Locust Manor, and as a replacement for the dilapidated eastern portions of the Jamaica Avenue elevated within the Jamaica business district which business owners and residents sought removal of; both would meet at the double-decked line under Archer Avenue. The two-track spur from the Queens Boulevard Line would use the original Van Wyck Boulevard bellmouths. Design work on the line began in 1969. The lines and the Jamaica El removal were part of urban renewal efforts in the Downtown Jamaica area. This included the construction of the York College campus, which was planned to be built in conjunction with the LIRR Atlantic Branch connection. The connection to the Jamaica Line, Route 133, was to begin at Jamaica Avenue and 127th Street and continue as an elevated to the LIRR embankment and then go underground at 91st Avenue before connecting with the Archer Avenue line at 132nd Street. Route 133 was to be over  long.

Paragraph 15: The universe, with all its manifestations, was latent in the essence of the En-Sof, in which, notwithstanding its infinite variety, it formed an absolute unit, just like the various sparks and colors that proceed from the one and indivisible flame potential in the coal. The act of creation did not consist in producing an absolutely new thing; it was merely a transformation of potential existence into realized existence. Thus there was really no creation, but an Atziluth. The effluence was effectuated through successive gradations from the intellectual world to the material, from the indefinite to the definite. This material world, being limited and not perfect, could not proceed directly from the En-Sof; neither could it be independent of God. In that case God would be imperfect. There must have been, therefore, intermediaries between the En-Sof and the material world, and these intermediaries were the Ten Sefirot. The first Sefirah was latent in the En-Sof as a dynamic force. The second Sefirah emanated as a substratum for the intellectual world; afterward the other Sefirot emanated, forming the moral, the material, and the natural worlds. But this fact of emanation does not imply a gradation in the En-Sof,  the flame of which is capable of igniting an indefinite number of lights. The Sefirot, according to their nature, are divided into three groups: the three superior forming the world of thought, the next three the world of soul, the last four the world of corporeality. They all depend upon one another, being united like links to the first one. Each of them has a positive and a passive quality, which emanates and receives.

Paragraph 16: On 14 October 1922, S-48 was accepted by the Navy and commissioned the same day at Bridgeport. Following commissioning, S-48 fitted out at the New York Navy Yard; visited Peekskill, New York, for Navy Day; returned to Bridgeport, and, at the end of October, arrived at her home port, New London, Connecticut. Two weeks later, she was towed to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine, for further yard work; and, in late January 1923, she returned to New London to commence operations with her division, Submarine Division 4 (SubDiv 4). Through May, she operated in the New London area; then, in early June, she moved south for sound exercises and a visit to Washington, DC. At mid-month, she returned to southern New England; and, in August, she proceeded back to Portsmouth for the installation of new crankshafts and a general ship and machinery overhaul period.

Paragraph 17: Guests are placed in rows to board the boats. After boarding flat bottom boats as if they are touring the ruins of Pompeii, guests are taken up a  incline. The boat makes a small drop into the main ride building, where they pass by an abandoned archaeological site and crumbling structures as tense music begins to play. The boat passes under crumbling walls where wooden beams break apart and fall into the water to the side of the boat. The boat floats past the ruins into a room full of crumbling statues and structures standing among the water. Here, real fire begins to spread throughout the room - overhead, on top of the statues, and over the water as dramatic music begins to play. The boat continues through the fiery room, past burning columns and statues. As the boat exits the room, they pass a large statue of Jupiter, which also catches fire. The boat then passes under a crumbling wooden structure as ripples of fire burn on the ceiling. A dark room leads the boat past more crumbling structures and directly under a statue, which falls right over top of the boat, but the fall is stopped by a slightly concealed pillar to the right. The boat continues, where the music picks up dramatically, into the dark room, with fog and more ruins and statues. It then advances to where a door blows open and allows guests to see outside of the ride just before plunging down the 48.5-foot tall, 80-foot long chute into the water below. During the drop, the on-ride camera takes photos of the riders. The boat splashes into the water (where water squirters can spritz riders) before the flume runs around a small garden with a Roman sundial (which replaced many archaeological dig-related props) and returns riders to the loading area to disembark.

Paragraph 18: Bridgewater threw for no touchdowns and an interception behind a struggling offensive line that allowed five sacks in the 3–20 loss at the San Francisco 49ers in Week 1. He threw only 18 times the next game, but completed 14 of those passes for 153 yards and threw his first touchdown pass of the year to tight end Kyle Rudolph in a 26–16 win over the Detroit Lions in Minnesota's home opener. Bridgewater had some struggles in week three against the San Diego Chargers, going 13 of 24 for 121 yards and one interception but won the game 31–14 with a strong performance by the defense and running back Adrian Peterson. He rebounded to go 27 of 41, 269 yards and a touchdown pass to Mike Wallace against Denver Broncos who had the number one ranked defense coming into the game. Minnesota still lost 23–20 as Bridgewater was sacked seven times. Coming off of a bye week, he threw 31 times and completed 17 of them for 249 yards with another touchdown pass to Rudolph, but threw two interceptions in a sloppy 16–10 win against the Kansas City Chiefs. Bridgewater then had arguably the best game of his career the next week against the Detroit Lions, going 25 of 35, 316 yards, two touchdown passes and no interceptions, including his first touchdown pass to rookie Stefon Diggs. That game was Bridgewater's fourth career 300+ yard passing game, and the second 300+ passing game of Bridgewater's career against the Lions. Bridgewater led his fourth career fourth-quarter comeback at the Bears despite having a below-average day going 17 of 30, 187 yards, one touchdown and one interception. Bridgewater went 13 of 21 for 144 yards and an interception while also rushing for a touchdown and two-point conversion against the St. Louis Rams before he sustained a blow to the head by the Rams' safety Lamarcus Joyner that caused Bridgewater to leave the game in the fourth quarter. Minnesota still managed to pull off a 21–18 victory in overtime against the Rams. At home against the Chicago Bears in week 15, Bridgewater completed 17 of 20 pass attempts, four passing touchdowns, and a rushing touchdown in a 38–17 win, giving him a career-high passer rating (154.4). In a fight for the NFC North Division Title in week 17 against the Green Bay Packers, Bridgewater connected only 52.6% of his passes for 99 yards and an interception. Despite his career-lowest passer rating (45.7), the Vikings pulled off a 20–13 victory and won their first division title since 2009.

Paragraph 19: The earliest information about schooling in Relsberg comes from the late 18th century in connection with silkworm raising by a 50-year-old schoolteacher whose name is unknown. From Relsberg itself came some teachers who in the time that followed taught elsewhere. In the 19th century, a teacher named Johann Lehmann from Relsberg taught for decades in Nußbach. Another teacher named Jacob Lehmann, born in 1822, also came from Relsberg and taught in his home village. He passed his examination at teacher's college in 1846, became school administrator in Relsberg in 1846 and in 1848 became the regular schoolteacher. Jacob Lehmann must have been highly strict with his pupils, and more often than not, school inspections yielded complaints about mishandling children, for which Lehmann once had to pay a fine of 7 Rhenish guilders and 28 Kreuzer. In 1870, Lehmann sought to have himself pensioned off because of a rheumatic complaint in his right leg. At first, all he got was an assistant, whom he was expected to pay out of his own pocket, since he was rather well off and could afford it. Nonetheless, this did not suit Lehmann and he fought the decision. The assistant's name was Karl Hauber, from Wolfstein. In 1881, Otto Lehmann came to teach for a short time from Niederkirchen. Jacob Lehmann died in 1882. Following him into the classroom was now Wilhelm Schuhmacher from Duchroth, who stayed in Relsberg until 1884. He was followed by Wolfgang Menhorn from Mönchsroth near Dinkelsbühl, who without announcing his intention left Relsberg in 1885 to seek more lucrative posts in Dessau and Neisse without success, whereupon he came back to Relsberg, rather ruefully. Menhorn was in debt, but managed to get back on his feet by marrying a craftsman's daughter from the Feuchtwangen area. Only after the wedding was he installed as the permanent teacher. He was nevertheless transferred in 1887 to Maßweiler. In 1888, the new schoolteacher was Philipp Honig from Roth, born in 1864 as that village's mayor's son. He completed teacher training in Schwabach and could present very good credentials. Honig introduced “work teaching”, then a very progressive teaching method that was only conditionally accepted by the school authorities. He believed that with his teaching, pupils would be trained for a life that would allow them to forgo travelling the world as Musikanten, as the region's professional travelling musicians were known. From him came this lament:

Paragraph 20: He died on 7 April 2012 in Rome. A funeral Mass in the Roman Rite took place on 10 April 2012, at Saint Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, with the Dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals, former Cardinal Secretary of State Angelo Sodano, as principal celebrant. Cardinal Daoud's body was then flown to Beirut and with Syriac rites buried with other Patriarchs of Antioch in Sharfeh, Harissa, Lebanon on 16 April 2012. In his homily, Cardinal Sodano said he had visited the ailing Patriarch a few days before he died of complications from a cerebrovascular accident (CVA, or stroke). He said Cardinal Daoud told him he was "offering to the Lord his suffering for the good of the holy Church and above all for the unity of all Christians". In a message to the incumbent Syriac Patriarch of Antioch, Ignatius Joseph III Younan, Pope Benedict XVI called the Cardinal Patriarch "a faithful Pastor who devoted himself with faith and generosity to the service of the people of God". He went on to say that, "these days, when we celebrate the resurrection of the Lord", he was offering special prayers "for the peoples of the region who are living through difficult times".

Paragraph 21: Theon was a great philosopher of harmony and he discusses semitones in his treatise. There are several semitones used in Greek music, but of this variety, there are two that are very common. The “diatonic semitone” with a value of 16/15 and the “chromatic semitone” with a value of 25/24 are the two more commonly used semitones (Papadopoulos, 2002). In these times, Pythagoreans did not rely on irrational numbers for understanding of harmonies and the logarithm for these semitones did not match with their philosophy. Their logarithms did not lead to irrational numbers, however Theon tackled this discussion head on. He acknowledged that “one can prove that” the tone of value 9/8 cannot be divided into equal parts and so it is a number in itself. Many Pythagoreans believed in the existence of irrational numbers, but did not believe in using them because they were unnatural and not positive integers. Theon also does an amazing job of relating quotients of integers and musical intervals. He illustrates this idea in his writings and through experiments. He discusses the Pythagoreans method of looking at harmonies and consonances through half-filling vases and explains these experiments on a deeper level focusing on the fact that the octaves, fifths, and fourths correspond respectively with the fractions 2/1, 3/2, and 4/3. His contributions greatly contributed to the fields of music and physics (Papadopoulos, 2002).

Paragraph 22: Many of the Native American warriors came from the Fort Sill Reservation in Indian Territory, confident that they could terrorize Texas and escape to safety across the Red River, which was another legal jurisdiction. The ambush had been planned by a large band of Kiowa warriors, approx 180 warriors, under the leadership of Satanta, Satank, Mamanti, Big Tree, White Horse, Fast Bear, Yellow Wolf, and Eagle Heart. Hidden in a thicket of scrub in the Salt Creek Prairie, they observed the slow approach of General William Tecumseh Sherman's inspection retinue of approx 18 men.  Although the Kiowa war party outnumbered the  US Army troop by ten to one, they didn't attack, maybe because the Army troopers would have inflicted too many casualties. The Kiowa story is that the previous night, Mamanti ("He Walking-above"), the shaman, had prophesied that this small party would be followed by a larger one with more plunder for the taking. The braves were rewarded three hours later when 10 mule-drawn wagons filled with army corn and fodder trundled into view. The Kiowa attacked and quickly overwhelmed this convoy. Seven muleskinners were killed, while five managed to escape. One of the mule skinners was tortured to death with fire by the Kiowa, his tongue cut out. The Warriors lost three of their own but left with 40 mules heavily laden with supplies. It was well after dark before the white survivors reached the nearby Fort Richardson and told their harrowing tale to the very officer whose party had passed unharmed under the Kiowa guns, William Tecumseh Sherman. General Sherman ordered the arrests of the Indian war chiefs at Fort Sill.  Satank was killed in the train as he tried to escape the column of United States soldiers. The rest were tried in the first Indian trial in history. Satanta and Big Tree were convicted of murder on 5–6 July in Jack County, Texas. They were paroled two years later thanks to the steady behavior adopted by Guipago in his dealing with the government agents, and were sent back to their people.

Paragraph 23: The Constitution of Medina, written shortly after hijra, addressed some points regarding the civil and religious situation for the Jewish communities living within the city from an Islamic perspective. For example, the constitution stated that the Jews "will profess their religion, and the Muslims theirs", and they "shall be responsible for their expenditure, and the Muslims for theirs". After the Battle of Badr, the Jewish tribe of Banu Qaynuqa breached treaties and agreements with Muhammad. Muhammad regarded this as casus belli and besieged the Banu Qaynuqa. Upon surrender the tribe was expelled. The following year saw the expulsion of the second tribe, the Banu Nadir, accused of planning to kill the prophet Muhammad. The third major Jewish tribe in Medina, Banu Qurayza was eliminated after  betraying the Muslims during the Battle of the Trench. However, there were many Jewish communities in Medina who continued to live in Medina peacefully after these events such as Banu Awf, Banu Harith, Banu Jusham Banu Alfageer, Banu Najjar, Banu Sa'ida, and Banu Shutayba.

Paragraph 24: In 2006, Mikkelsen starred opposite Stine Stengade and Jana Plodková in Ole Christian Madsen's award-winning film Prag (Prague). His role as Christoffer earned him the Zulu Award for Best Actor and Bodil and Robert Festival nominations for Best Actor. Eddie Cockrell of Variety noted his "rigid countenance" in an "outstanding" performance. The same year, Mikkelsen achieved his first widely acclaimed international success as Le Chiffre in the twenty-first James Bond film, Casino Royale. Mikkelsen has said that he so easily won the part that even Daniel Craig asked him if he had slept with someone in order to be cast. He said of the casting, "They'd done their homework, seen my stuff, so it was fine, just a bit of anti-climax, because I was so ready to do more for them, but it was … shrugs... you're in." He also stated that because he was already a big film star in Denmark at the time, that the international role did not really change much. Roger Ebert noted the suspense during Mikkelsen's scene with Bond during the extended poker game, in which Le Chiffre weeps blood from his left eye. David Edelstein of New York Magazine said "Mikkelsen clicks his rectangular plaques as if he's a new breed of praying mantis. He's bloodcurdling." In 2006, Mikkelsen also took the lead role in the Danish drama After the Wedding, which earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Film. Additionally, he won a European Film Award for Best Actor nomination for his performance and in 2007, won the Palm Springs International Film Festival Award for Best Actor. The New York Times remarked that on the Hollywood scene, Mikkelsen has "become a reliable character actor with an intriguing mug" but stated that on the domestic front "he is something else: a star, an axiom, a face of the resurgent Danish cinema."

Paragraph 25: His intention of engaging the British Royal Navy in a quick, decisive battle was not supported by the German admiralty. Ingenohl repeatedly sought small engagements against the British fleet in order to provoke imprudent counterstrokes, in order to gain a crucial advantage for the German navy. The intended result did not materialize; in the first combat of this kind on 28 August 1914 at the Battle of Heligoland Bight, the German Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) lost three light cruisers and a torpedo boat to Royal Navy ships. After a similarly unsuccessful action on the Dogger Bank on 24 January 1915, Ingenohl yielded command of the High Seas Fleet on 2 February and was succeeded by Admiral Hugo von Pohl.

Paragraph 26: The Baker nuclear test at Bikini Atoll in July 1946 was a shallow underwater explosion, part of Operation Crossroads. A 20 kiloton warhead was detonated in a lagoon which was approximately  deep. The first effect was illumination of the sea from the underwater fireball. A rapidly expanding gas bubble created a shock wave that caused an expanding ring of apparently dark water at the surface, called the slick, followed by an expanding ring of apparently white water, called the crack. A mound of water and spray, called the spray dome, formed at the water's surface which became more columnar as it rose. When the rising gas bubble broke the surface, it created a shock wave in the air as well. Water vapor in the air condensed as a result of Prandtl–Meyer expansion fans decreasing the air pressure, density, and temperature below the dew point; making a spherical cloud that marked the location of the shock wave. Water filling the cavity formed by the bubble caused a hollow column of water, called the chimney or plume, to rise  in the air and break through the top of the cloud. A series of ocean surface waves moved outward from the center. The first wave was about  high at  from the center. Other waves followed, and at further distances some of these were higher than the first wave. For example, at  from the center, the ninth wave was the highest at . Gravity caused the column to fall to the surface and caused a cloud of mist to move outward rapidly from the base of the column, called the base surge. The ultimate size of the base surge was  in diameter and  high. The base surge rose from the surface and merged with other products of the explosion, to form clouds which produced moderate to heavy rainfall for nearly one hour.

Paragraph 27: It is a tree reaching 20 meters in height. The young, brown branches are densely hairy, but become hairless with maturity. Its egg-shaped to elliptical, slightly leathery leaves are 15-25 by 4–8.5 centimeters. The leaves have blunt to wedge-shaped bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 4-17 millimeters long. The leaves are sparsely hairy on their upper surface and hairless on their lower surface. The leaves have 14-18 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its very densely hairy petioles are 4-11 by 1.5-2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its Inflorescences occur in groups of 3–6 on branches, and are organized on indistinct peduncles. Each inflorescence has up to 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 10-30 by 0.5-1.5 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have 2-3 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is up to 0.5-1.2 millimeter long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 free, oval sepals, that are 1-1.5 by 2-2.5 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The yellow to light green, oval, outer petals are 2-3 by 1.5-3 millimeters with hairless upper and very densely hairy lower surfaces. The yellow to light green, triangular inner petals have a 2.5-5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 5-8 by 3-3.5 millimeter blade. The inner petals have flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are sparsely hairy on their upper surfaces and densely hairy on lower surfaces. The male flowers have 46-56 stamens that are 0.6-0.8 by 0.5-0.8 millimeters. Female flowers have 7-14 carpels that are 1.5-2 by 0.7-1 millimeters.  Each carpel has up to 5-6 ovules arranged in two rows. The female flowers have 7-9 sterile stamen. The fruit occur in clusters of 7-8 are organized on indistinct peduncles. The fruit are attached by sparsely nearly hairless pedicles that are 20-30 by 2.5-3.5 millimeters. The green, globe-shaped fruit are 16-22 by 16-21 millimeters. The fruit are wrinkly, and densely hairy. Each fruit has up to 6 hemispherical to lens-shaped, wrinkly seeds that are 12.5-17 by 7.5-9.5 by 4.5-7 millimeters. Each seed has a 0.5-2 by 0.5-1.2 millimeter circular to elliptical hilum. The seeds are arranged in two rows in the fruit.

Paragraph 28: FIS President Kasper stated that the first test weekend of 8–9 February 2008 "went well" in terms of sports organization. Kasper also expressed concerns about the cost for accommodation for skiing officials and media for the upcoming events. A spring coordination meeting was held the week of 7 April 2008 that discussed preparations for the event. Among the participants were FIS, the EBU, and marketing partner APF, whom focused on lessons learned from the test events held in February 2008. Coordination group members were pleased in what transpired during the February 2008 test events, including an athletes' village that was constructed at the local university. Final competition schedule was confirmed by the FIS Council in its May 2008 meeting in Cape Town, followed by a final inspection on 13 October 2008. Following the final inspection that day, a six-hour press conference was held on the status of preparations. Detailed reports were given on the test events held in February 2008 and the lessons learned from them. FIS President Kasper expressed his support of the organizing committee's efforts to present the best championships ever. Neumannová stated that the cross country skiing facility at Vesec was ready while the ski jumping facility at Ještěd was ready in the fall once construction of the access road and surrounding area was complete. The main concern of Neumannová's was the weather given the problems with the test events in February and the need for snow making equipment. The Czech government gave the organizing committee an additional CZK 189 million (€ 7.3 million) in financial support. At the end of 2008, the championships were the biggest sports event in the history of the Czech Republic. On 16 December 2008, FIS Secretary General Lewis, FIS Event and Sponsor Manager Niklas Carlsson, Neumannová, and other key Organizing Committee staff met to discuss promotional activities for the event, including ceremonies, social events, and the accreditation system. That same day, an entire inspection of the team village took place at the Technical University of Liberec where the entire complex was renovated. The students at the university left at the end of January 2009 for the teams to arrive on campus in mid-February.

Paragraph 29: Vassos moved to Boston, Massachusetts in 1919, where he attended the Fenway Art School at night. He studied alongside American artist John Singer Sargent and worked as an assistant for Joseph Urban. In 1924 he moved to New York, where he attended the Art Students League of New York, studying under George Bridgman, John Sloan, and others. He opened his own studio creating window displays for department stores, like Wanamakers, murals, and advertisements for Saks Fifth Avenue, Bonwit Teller, and Packard Motor Cars in his unique black and white illustrated style. At the same time, he illustrated a series of books by Oscar Wilde for E.P. Dutton followed by others including Phobia on which he based his life-long design focus on psychology, his area of expertise as noted by Fortune Magazine's list of top designers in the country. He entered the emergent field of industrial design and was hired by rapidly-growing RCA Victor, under the leadership of David Sarnoff, who discovered Vassos while painting murals at the WCAU skyscraper in Philadelphia. The company had recently acquired Victor Phonograph, built Radio City, and owned NBC Broadcasting, but needed to amplify and modernize their radio manufacturing business. By hiring Vassos, an up-and-coming industrial designer who created their first Styling department, launched Vassos on a four-decade relationship with the company for whom he designed hundreds of items, while also consulting for numerous other clients like Coca-Cola, Waterman, Universal Artists, Remington, and the United States Government. Vassos's work as an interior designer included the Chrysler Building apartment of photographer Margaret Bourke-White, Nedick's Hot Dog stands, displays for RCA in department stores and the World's Fair, and many others for which he employed modular furniture. He eschewed trendy styles like the extreme-streamlined look, popular in the 1930s, and favored the clean, modern look unadorned with unnecessary elements. He expressed his design philosophy for magazines like Pencil Points and in lectures on modern design and art. Although he was hailed as a top designer in the United States during the 1930s, he slipped away from the spotlight of his industrial design peers like Raymond Loewy, Henry Dreyfuss, and Norman Bel Geddes, largely because he did not open a large firm. Unique among the industrial designers of the 20th century, his work was focused on the intersections between interior decorating, furniture design, and the shapes of phonographs, radios and televisions. His contributions include creating a futuristic living room including television, the slide rule dial on radios, emphasis on the haptic experience of media (knobs and buttons), and the "user experience," years before this term was coined.

Paragraph 30: Air France, West Berlin's third scheduled carrier, had withdrawn entirely from the internal German market as long ago as 1969, reducing its presence at the city's Tegel Airport to providing a single daily non-stop scheduled service from/to Paris Orly only. (This move was designed to staunch the growing losses Air France's internal German routes from/to Tegel had incurred ever since Pan Am had introduced jet equipment on its own internal German services from/to Tempelhof in 1966. Over the following two years, the airline's share of the total West Berlin — West Germany air travel market collapsed from 9% to less than 5%. Following the beginning of BEA's jet operations from Tempelhof in late 1968, Air France's share dropped even further. Other factors that contributed to the company's progressive decline in traffic on its internal German services included Tegel's greater distance from West Berlin's city centre compared with Tempelhof, the lack of a motorway connecting the airport to the city centre and poor public transport links. Compared with its two bigger rivals in the Berlin market, it served fewer German domestic routes at lower frequencies and did not promote these as effectively. To keep a presence in the internal German air transport market from/to West Berlin, Air France had entered into a collaborative agreement with BEA. This agreement covered the Berlin–Frankfurt and Berlin–Munich routes. The agreement's intention was to enable both BEA and Air France to compete better with Pan Am's more frequent services on these routes by pooling their resources. It entailed the joint operation of these routes from Tempelhof with BEA BAC One-Eleven 500 aircraft, BEA flightdeck crews and mixed BEA/Air France cabin crews. However, BEA's claim that it returned to profitability on both its Frankfurt and Munich routes from Berlin as a result of the collaborative agreement with Air France was contradicted by the latter's counter claim that it was still losing money on these routes, in spite of that agreement. This in turn led to the agreement's termination as of November 1, 1972. The same day, Air France introduced a second daily return flight between Orly and Tegel, which routed via Cologne in both directions to maintain the airline's internal German traffic rights from/to Berlin. From April 1, 1974, Air France routed both of its daily Orly–Tegel services via Cologne, and from November 1, 1974, it switched them to the French capital's then new Charles de Gaulle Airport. At the start of the 1976 summer timetable, Air France introduced a third daily CDG–Tegel frequency, which routed via Düsseldorf and utilised the Boeing 727-200, a bigger aircraft than the Caravelles used on the company's other services from/to Berlin. Air France subsequently routed all of its CDG–Tegel flights via Düsseldorf and standardised the aircraft equipment on the 727-200/200 Advanced.)