Paragraph 1: The Battle of Alcácer Quibir in 1578 saw the death of the young king Sebastian. Sebastian's granduncle and successor, Cardinal Henry, was 66 years old at the time. Henry's death was followed by a succession crisis, with three grandchildren of Manuel I claiming the throne: Infanta Catarina, Duchess of Braganza (married to John, 6th Duke of Braganza), António, Prior of Crato, and King Philip II of Spain. António had been acclaimed King of Portugal by the people of Santarém on 24 July 1580, and then in many cities and towns throughout the country. Some members of the Council of Governors of Portugal who had supported Philip escaped to Spain and declared him to be the legal successor of Henry. Philip marched into Portugal and defeated the troops loyal to the Prior of Crato in the Battle of Alcântara. The troops occupying the countryside (Tercios) commanded by the 3rd Duke of Alba arrived in Lisbon. The Duke of Alba imposed on the Portuguese provinces a subjection of Philip before entering Lisbon, where he seized an immense treasure; meanwhile, he allowed his soldiers to sack the vicinity of the capital. Philip was recognized as king by the Cortes of Tomar in 1581, beginning the reign of the House of Habsburg over Portugal. When Philip left in 1583 to Madrid, he made his nephew Albert of Austria his viceroy in Lisbon. In Madrid he established a Council of Portugal to advise him on Portuguese affairs.

Paragraph 2: King became leader of the Ebenezer Baptist Church in March 1931 after the death of Williams. With the country in the midst of the Great Depression, church finances were struggling, but King organized membership and fundraising drives that restored these to health. By 1934, King had become a widely respected leader of the local church.  That year, he also changed his name (and that of his eldest son) from Michael King to Martin Luther King after a period of gradual transition on his own part. He was inspired during a trip to Germany for that year's meeting of the Baptist World Alliance (BWA). While visiting sites associated with  reformation leader Martin Luther, attendees also witnessed the rise of Nazism. Whilst the BWA conference issued a resolution condemning antisemitism, the senior King gained deepened appreciation for the power of Luther's protest.

Paragraph 3: For almost a decade, Cussler was involved in a lengthy legal action suit against the film's producer, Philip Anschutz, and his film entertainment company, Crusader Entertainment LLC (now part of the Anschutz Entertainment Group). It began in February 2005 when Cussler sued Anschutz and Crusader for $100 million for failing to consult him on the script. The author also claimed breach of contract because Crusader had failed to take up the option of a second book; Anschutz counter-sued for "alleged blackmail and sabotage attempts against the film prior to its 2005 release." Cussler claimed he had been assured "absolute control" over the book's film adaptation, but when this did not happen, he believed this contributed to its failure at the box office. He said in a statement, "They deceived me right from the beginning. They kept lying to me... and I just got fed up with it." However, Anschutz's company counter-sued, claiming it had been the behavior of Cussler that contributed to the film's problems. They claimed Cussler did have certain approval rights regarding the script and selection of actors and directors, but he had been an obstructive presence, rejecting many screenplay revisions and attacking the film in the media before it was even released. On May 15, 2007, a jury found in Anschutz's favor and awarded him $5 million in damages. On January 8, 2008, Judge John Shook decided that Crusader Entertainment was not required to pay Cussler $8.5 million for rights to the second book. On March 10, 2009, the same judge ordered Cussler to pay $13.9 million in legal fees to the production company.

Paragraph 4: By 1932, support for right-wing ideology, embodied by Prime Minister Gyula Gömbös, had reached the point where Hungarian Regent Miklós Horthy could not postpone appointing a fascist prime minister. Horthy also showed signs of admiring the efficiency and conservative leanings of the Italian fascist state under Mussolini and was not too reluctant to appoint a fascist government (with terms for the extent of Horthy's power). Horthy would keep control over the mainstream fascist movement in Hungary until near the end of the Second World War. However, Gömbös never had a truly powerful fascist base of support. Instead, the radical Arrow Cross Party, which gained support in Budapest as well as the countryside, became a powerful political movement, gaining nearly 800,000 votes in the election of 1939. Horthy became paranoid due to his new rival, and imprisoned the Arrow Cross Party's leader, Ferenc Szálasi. However, this action only increased popular support for the fascist movement. In another attempt to challenge the Arrow Cross, Horthy's government began to imitate the Arrow Cross Party's ideology. Starting in 1938, several racial laws, mostly against Jews, were passed by the regime, but the extremist Arrow Cross Party, led by Ferenc Szálasi, was banned until German pressure lifted the law, and until Germany occupied Hungary during Operation Margarethe on 19 March 1944, no Jews were in direct danger of being annihilated. In July 1944, armor-colonel Ferenc Koszorús and the First Armour Division, under Horthy's orders, resisted the Arrow Cross militia and prevented the deportation of the Jews of Budapest, thus saved over 200,000 lives. This act impressed upon the German occupying forces, including Adolf Eichmann, that as long as Hungary continued to be governed by Horthy, no real Endlösung could begin. Following Horthy's attempt to have Hungary jump out of the war on 15 October, Szálasi, with German military support, launched Operation Panzerfaust and replaced Admiral Horthy as Head of State. The regime changed to a system more in line with Nazism and would remain this way until the capture of Budapest by Soviet troops. Over 400,000 Jews were sent by Hungary to German death camps from 1944 to 1945.

Paragraph 5: The early history of the Faye family goes back to Lamanic times, however they did not achieve particular fame and notoriety until the 14th century. The Faye family that had ruled the pre-colonial kingdoms of Sine trace descent to Boukar Djillakh Faye (variation: Bougar Birame Faye), an early 14th-century professional wrestler called njom in Serer and patriarch of this patriclan. In the early 14th century, Boukar Djillakh Faye was regarded as one of the best wrestlers in Serer country. The Guelowar princess Lingeer Tening Jom was given to him in marriage. Tening Jom was the niece of Maysa Wali who later became a Maad a Sinig (title for the king of Sine) — ruling from . From that marriage, they had several children including Tasse Faye (or Tassé Faye, the first from this family to rule Sine as Maad a Sinig during this era) and Waagaan Tening Jom Faye (the king with at least 24 children including 9 daughters) — one of the better known kings from this family. Dinned into Senegambian and Serer history, the Faye family, like their Joof counterparts are one of few Senegambian families that have a family anthem (boom). The name of their anthem is "Waagaan Koumbassandiane", (proper: Waagaan Kumbasaanjaan) who actually was a medieval king of Sine (Maad a Sinig Waagaan Kumbasaanjaan Faye) reported to be one of the longest reigning kings of Sine and ancestor of this family. This family's anthem forms part of the overture of the Epic of Sanmoon Faye, which relates the history and deeds of Maad a Sinig Sanmoon Faye, the controversial king of Sine who succeeded Maad a Sinig Kumba Ndoffene Famak Joof in 1871. Their family totem is the African warthog (called "ruul a koб" in Serer, variation: "ruul-a-koƥ") — (previously grouped with the boar). In the early part of the Guelowar dynastic period (1350–1969), the Faye paternal dynasty was dominant in Sine, providing many of the Serer kings. However they were eventually overtaken by the Joof family who provided more kings of Sine, even from the 19th century to 1969. Notwithstanding the rivalries between these two patriclans, alliances were formed on certain occasions in order to repulse those they perceived as the greater enemy. One of these medieval alliances was between Maad a Sinig Diessanou Faye and Jaraff Boureh Gnilane Joof (founder of the Royal House of Boureh Gnilane Joof). That historical alliance was brought about when the Muslim marabout—Mohammadou of Koungo launched jihad in the Sine, threatening the survival of Serer religion in the country. Diessanou Faye, who was on the throne of Sine requested the assistance of the Joof family. Assistance was granted, with the Joof clan led by Boureh Gnilane Joof (son of the warlord king of Laah and conqueror of Baol - Maad Patar Kholleh Joof). The Joof—Faye alliance led to the defeat the Muslim army. For his part in achieving victory, Boureh Gnilane was made Jaraff (equivalent of prime minister) and given the sister of Diessanou Faye (Lingeer Gnilane Faye) in marriage.

Paragraph 6: Rapa Iti has tropical rainforest climate (Af in the Köppen climate classification, Arab in the Trewartha climate classification), bordering on a very-mild winter humid subtropical climate (Cfa in the Köppen climate classification, Cfal in the Trewartha climate classification). Despite being situated south of the Tropic of Capricorn, the remote location in the middle of a tropical ocean enables the climate to be moderated in all seasons. Summers are hot and muggy, and cyclones are rarer, as the islands are located near the Horse Latitudes at thirty degrees south, despite the exposed location makes the island very windy, tempering the summer weather. Very hot weather is very rare, with the highest temperature recorded was 31.6 ºC (88.9 ºF) in March. Winters are mild and very stormy, due to the isolated and exposed location of Rapa Iti. Precipitation is abundant in all seasons, and sunshine is uncommon every month of the year. The cool winters and strong winds prohibit ultra tropical fruits such as coconuts to thrive, as it has dropped to 8.5 ºC (47.3 ºF) in September. In addition, the lack of continental influence promotes the vast seasonal lag, as March is the second warmest month, and September is the coldest month of the year.

Paragraph 7: Schnaufer claimed his first aerial victory on their thirteenth combat mission flown one day after the attack on Cologne on the night 1/2 June 1942. Nominally this was the RAF's second 1,000 bomber raid against Germany, although the attacking force actually numbered 956 aircraft. Schnaufer shot down a Handley Page Halifax south of Louvain in Belgium. The aircraft probably was Halifax W1064 from No. 76 Squadron piloted by Sergeant Thomas Robert Augustus West, which was shot down at 01:55 on 2 June 1942 and crashed at Grez-Doiceau,  south of Louvain. West and another member of the crew were killed. This victory was achieved by ground-controlled interception through the Kammhuber Line. Once near to the target, Rumpelhardt had visually found the bomber and directed Schnaufer into attack position from below and astern. The Halifax caught on fire after two firing passes. During this mission the Himmelbett flight officer vectored them to a second bomber, a Bristol Blenheim. The attack had to be aborted after Hauptmann (Captain) Walter Ehle shot down the bomber from a more favourable attack position. Shortly before 03:00, they were then flying in the vicinity of Ghent, they spotted another target. Schnaufer made two unsuccessful attacks. During their third attack, which closed the distance to , they were hit by the defensive gunfire. Schnaufer was hit in his left calf, the port engine was burning, the rudder control cables were severed, and an electrical short circuit caused the landing lights to be permanently on. Rumpelhardt and Schnaufer considered bailing out but decided to make an attempt for their home airfield after they managed to put out the flames and restart the engine. While Rumpelhardt made radio contact with the Sint-Truiden airbase, Schnaufer landed the aircraft without rudder control and on ailerons and engine-power alone. This was the only time that their aircraft sustained damage in combat or any member of the crew was wounded. Both Rumpelhardt and Schnaufer were awarded the Iron Cross 2nd Class () for their first aerial victory. Schnaufer had hoped that he could stay on active duty and that the bullet lodged in his calf would isolate itself. However, he had to be admitted to a hospital in Brussels from 8–25 June for surgery. Rumpelhardt was given home leave until 26 June while Schnaufer was in the hospital.

Paragraph 8: Álvaro de Campos (; October 15, 1890 – November 30, 1935) was one of the poet Fernando Pessoa's various heteronyms, widely known by his powerful and wrathful writing style. According to his author, this alter ego was born in Tavira, Portugal, studied mechanical engineering and finally graduated in ship engineering in Glasgow. After a journey in Ireland, Campos sailed to the Orient and wrote his poem "Opiario" in the Suez Canal "onboard". He worked in 'Barrow-on-Furness' (sic) (of which Pessoa wrote a poem about) and Newcastle-on-Tyne (1922). Unemployed, Campos returned to Lisbon in 1926 (he wrote then the poem "Lisbon Revisited"), where he lived ever since. He was born in October, 1890, but Pessoa didn't put an end to the life of Campos, so he would have survived his author who died in November, 1935. Campos' works may be split in three phases: the decadent phase, the futuristic phase and the decadent (sad) phase. He chose Whitman and Marinetti as masters, showing some similarities with their works, mainly in the second phase: hymns like "Ode Triunfal", "Ode Marítima",  and "Ultimatum" praise the power of the rising technology, the strength of the machines, the dark side of the industrial civilization, and an enigmatic love for the machines. The first phase (marked by the poem Opiário) shared some of its pessimism with Pessoa's friend Mário de Sá-Carneiro, one of his co-workers in Orpheu magazine. In the last phase, Pessoa drops the mask, and reveals through Campos all the emptiness and nostalgia that grew during his last years of life.<ref>PESSOA, Fernando (1999). Crítica: ensaios, artigos e entrevistas, vol.I, ed. Fernando Cabral Martins. Lisboa: Assírio & Alvim, p. 189.</ref> In his last phase Campos wrote the poems "Lisbon Revisited" and the well-known "Tobacco Shop".

Paragraph 9: Pittsburgh took the ball to begin the second half, and drove to the San Francisco 18 before being stopped (a catch by Heath Miller at the 49ers 2 yard line was overturned after a successful challenge by San Francisco head coach Mike Nolan showed that Miller was out of bounds). The Steelers were forced to settle for a 36-yard field goal by Jeff Reed to increase their lead to 17–6. On the 49ers' ensuing drive, Alex Smith hit leaping tight end Vernon Davis at the Pittsburgh 5 yard line when he was hit by strong safety Troy Polamalu and flipped into the air. Davis hit the ground, and the ball popped up and was caught by free safety Ryan Clark, who returned it into San Francisco territory. Nolan challenged the play, arguing that Davis was down by contact at the Pittsburgh 5. Referee Gerry Austin ruled instead that the ball had hit the ground, and that the pass was therefore incomplete (the Niners still won the challenge, as the original call of an interception was overturned). The 49ers could not drive any further, and Nedney kicked a 49-yard field goal to make it 17–9, Pittsburgh. The Steelers got the ball back after the field goal and drove deep into 49ers territory before Reed kicked a 49-yard field goal on the first play of the fourth quarter to give the Steelers a 20–9 lead. The 49ers' next drive resulted in a punt, and the Steelers drove into field goal range again. Reed's 35-yard kick was good, and the Steelers led 23–9. On the ensuing possession by San Francisco was facing a crucial 3rd and 5 from their own 42. Smith forced a throw into coverage, and it was intercepted by Steeler cornerback Bryant McFadden and returned for a touchdown to give Pittsburgh a commanding 30–9 lead. Smith drove the 49ers down the field on their next possession, and he threw a 21-yard touchdown pass to Taylor Jacobs to give San Francisco its first and only touchdown of the day. The 49ers tried to execute an onside kick, but Nedney's kick was recovered by Steeler punter Daniel Sepulveda. The Steelers then attempted to run out the clock by handing the ball off to backup running back Najeh Davenport, but Davenport broke a 39-yard touchdown run with under 2 minutes to go to give the Steelers a 37–16 lead, which would be the final score. The Niners attempted one last drive, but could not even gain a first down.

Paragraph 10: ECM is often characterized as "reverse electroplating", in that it removes material instead of adding it. It is similar in concept to electrical discharge machining (EDM) in that a high current is passed between an electrode and the part, through an electrolytic material removal process having a negatively charged electrode (cathode), a conductive fluid (electrolyte), and a conductive workpiece (anode); however, in ECM there is no tool wear. The ECM cutting tool is guided along the desired path close to the work but without touching the piece. Unlike EDM, however, no sparks are created. High metal removal rates are possible with ECM, with no thermal or mechanical stresses being transferred to the part, and mirror surface finishes can be achieved.

Paragraph 11: Born in Lake Charles, Louisiana, Hilton has announced numerous game shows, such as Card Sharks; Child's Play; Trivia Trap; The $25,000 Pyramid; The $100,000 Pyramid; Blockbusters; Double Talk; The New Newlywed Game; The All-New Dating Game; Strike It Rich; Win, Lose or Draw; and Body Language. His first game show announcing assignment was in 1980 on Tic-Tac-Dough (filling in for regular announcer Jay Stewart), followed by The Joker's Wild and Play the Percentages, after he began a contract with Barry & Enright Productions, that same year. Hilton also announced The Price Is Right following the death of its original announcer, Johnny Olson. According to former producer Roger Dobkowitz, he did extremely well. However, Hilton was already working on several other shows at the time, so the job was given to Rod Roddy.

Paragraph 12: As the market for cigars began to wane during the Great Depression, other industries came to the fore, especially shipping and, of course, tourism. By 1929, Maas Brothers dominated Florida's West Coast. It was known as "Greater Tampa's Greatest Store." During 1930, Plant's hotel would close to do renovations on it and the city's present flag would be adopted. In 1931, a strike would happen among the city's cigar workers ending the usage of lectors at cigar factories. Starting in the early 1930s and ending in the early 1950s, every municipal election was tainted by electoral abnormalities, most with alleged mob connections. The first widespread example of this was Tampa's mayoral election of 1931, when over 100 people were arrested for "cheating at the polls". Most were supporters of the winning candidate, Robert E. Lee Chancey, who his opponents claimed had close ties to Tampa's "underworld". After the election, all of the charges were either reduced or dropped altogether. Many of those involved had been on the city payroll at the time of their arrest, and most remained there. In the end, the Tampa Election Board determined that Chancey had easily won re-election. They had reached these results by throwing out all ballots from 29 precincts due to "fraudulent voting". The Board may not have been the most impartial judge of the matter, however, as Chancey had appointed the members himself. During the 1930s, the city would mostly be led by Robert E. Lee Chancey who would take office in 1931 after defeating T.N. Henderson. The city's finances would be in a troubled state when Chancey took office as the interest payments on bonds the city got for public improvements would take up most of the city's revenues. Cuts in the fire and police department would be made in an attempt to get more money with several stations being closed. Remaining employees in both departments would get part of there pay from certificates. The city would borrow $750,000 from the Reconstruction Finance Corporation (RFC) to get funds for WPA projects and a tax would be put into place on gross business for companies.

Paragraph 13: Roxxon is revealed to be orchestrating the young superheroes being falsely outlawed by the public. Having acquired the dragons from War of the Realms event, their first step was to get rid of the high schooler Aliana Kabua. Although Kamala Khan got injured from saving Aliana, Roxxon begin to shift the blame to the Champions for the damage they never started. While forming a partnership with Senator Geoffrey Patrick and C.R.A.D.L.E., Roxxon manipulates them into unknowingly furthering their shady businesses, such as permanent imprisonment, brainwashing and unethical experimentation, as well as possibly kidnapping of the kids who oppose the unjust law. Viv Vision, who survived Roxxon's assault on Aliana, had been monitoring her fellow younger superheroes, but discovers that she is unintentionally selling her friends to C.R.A.D.L.E. and Roxxon. Once the Champions reveals Roxxon's conspiracy to Senator Patrick and the public, the senator finally begins to repeal the unjust law, ending the partnership with Roxxon, and clearing Kamala's name while re-evaluating his business dealings. Later, Miles Morales and Sam Alexander go undercover as interns, prior to being suggested to hire Kamala Kahn. While Roxxon attempts to cover up their illegal activity by releasing a social app called "Roxx-On", a Champion and a former prisoner of C.R.A.D.L.E.'s harassment, Snowguard rallies a group of mobs because they still openly do not trust Roxxon for their previous activities. Much worst, Roxxon already hired Ironheart's nemesis from Stark Unlimited, Andre Sims, in an attempt to collect data to dispose of those who are deemed threats to its business. He replaced young superheroes with his Chaperon robots to ensure the unjust Kamala's Law remains active. During Roxx-On concert, Roxxon lost its public trust thanks to Kamala's public speech about the company's ongoing shady business, thus repealing Kamala's Law and disbanding C.R.A.D.L.E.. However, Roxxon's reputation becomes worst when Andre attempts to dispose of young people like the Champions because of his personal issues, but is immediately stopped by Roxxon's higher-up Miriam Blakemoore. After that, Roxxon finally makes a public speech to apologize for their actions and takes responsibility for Andre's crime.

Paragraph 14: Governor Miller secured the appointment of Edmund Hogan as brigadier general, in order to replace Brig. Gen. Allen. Edmund Hogan was a wealthy land owner, judge and Speaker of the House of the territorial legislature whose previous military service included 90 days service in the Missouri Ranger Companies during the War of 1812 and an 1814 appointment as Captain of the 1st Company of the 2nd Battalion of the 7th Missouri Territorial Militia Regiment (Arkansas County).  Hogan was probably born in Anson County, North Carolina, in 1780 and grew up in Georgia. Early biographer, Josiah Shinn indicated that Hogan had lived in Pulaski County Georgia, he served as a tax collector, sheriff, state legislator, and a lieutenant colonel in the Georgia militia, however there is reason to question these alleged early accomplishments.  The date of his settlement in the Missouri Territory is somewhat unclear, as is the nature of his service during the War of 1812.  Many early sources give his arrival in the area that would become Little Rock as about 1814, which seems to correspond with his appointment as a captain in the Territorial Militia of Arkansas County, however it appears that he was at least present in the Missouri Territory, if not the District of Arkansas prior to this appointment. There is evidence that Hogan may have originally settled in the District of Cape Girardeau in what is now southeast Missouri, before moving south to the area that would become Arkansas County.  In 1798, Hogan owned a farm in the District of Cape Girardeau, across the Mississippi River, from Thebes, Illinois. In 1803, Edmund Hogan is listed among the heads of households in the Cape Girardeau District of the Louisiana Territory, at the time of the Louisiana Purchase by the United States from France.  In 1806, he was appointed as a commissioner to help establish the city of Cape Girardeau.  He was appointed as a Justice of the Peace for Cape Girardeau on July 8, 1806. His name appears on a September 9, 1811, petition signed by inhabitants of the Territory of Louisiana, asking that Congress pass a Law to admit the area to the Second grade of Territorial Government, which will entitle them to a delegate in Congress. Some of the names on the petition are annotated as residing in the District of Arkansas, but Hogan's is not. Noted Arkansas Historian Margaret Smith Ross, in a 1956 study of squatters rights in early Pulaski County, Arkansas, concluded that Edmund Hogan was present in Pulaski County as early as 1812.

Paragraph 15: The pods of some species are covered in coarse hairs that contain the proteolytic enzyme mucunain and cause itchy blisters when they come in contact with skin; specific epithets such as pruriens (Latin: "itching") or urens (Latinized Ancient Greek: "stinging like a nettle") refer to this.   Other parts of the plant have medicinal properties. The plants or their extracts are sold in herbalism against a range of conditions, such as urinary tract, neurological, and menstruation disorders, constipation, edema, fevers, tuberculosis,  and helminthiases such as elephantiasis. In an experiment to test if M. pruriens might have an effect on the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, Katzenschlager et al. found that a seed powder had a comparable, if not more favourable, effect as commercial formulations of L-dopa, although the trial only consisted of four people per test group.

Paragraph 16: By 22:24, the impact of the disaster on the left was apparent, so all plans to resume the Operation Dauntless attack the next day were abruptly canceled. Units along the forward edge of the battlefield were placed on full alert. Commanders hurriedly sent out combat patrols to locate the enemy and to try fix his line of march, while the Marines at the Main line of resistance dug in deep and nervously checked their weapons. In addition, General Oliver P. Smith ordered Colonel Robley E. West's 1st Battalion, 1st Marines, up from Chuncheon to tie in with the artillery and tanks located in the valley on the far west flank. West's battalion was soon on trucks headed for its new position, but the convoy could only creep along over roads choked with panic-stricken ROK soldiers escaping the battle zone. Captain John F. Coffey's Company B led the way. At about 01:30, while still  short of its assigned position, the long column of vehicles stopped at the tight perimeter formed by the 92nd Armored Field Artillery Battalion, which a short time before had established a roadblock, collected more than 1,800 ROK, and attempted by machine gun and bayonet with little success to deploy them to slow the PVA advance. Moving west, Coffey's company assisted in the extricating the 987th Artillery's 105mm howitzers that were stuck in the mud. After as many guns as possible were freed, Coffey returned to friendly lines where the 1st Battalion was manning a wooded semi-circular ridge with Company A on the right, Company C in the center, and the 81mm mortars of Weapons Company on relatively level ground in the immediate rear. Company B was promptly assigned the battalion left flank. The PVA began probing Marine lines around 23:00 on 22 April and then mounted an all-out assault to turn the Marine flanks about three hours later. The 7th Marine Regiment on the left was the hardest hit unit. PVA mortar, automatic weapons, and small arms fire began at about 02:00 on the 23rd. This reconnaissance by fire was followed by a very determined ground assault an hour later. Shrieking whistles, clanging cymbals, and blasting bugles signaled the onslaught. At least 2,000 PVA troops hit the 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, full force. That attack by the PVA 358th Regiment, 120th Division, primarily directed at Company C and Company A, was repulsed by hand-to-hand fighting that lasted almost until dawn. Private First Class Herbert A. Littleton, a radioman with the forward observer team attached to Company C, was standing the mid-watch when the PVA appeared. He sounded the alarm then moved to an exposed position from which he adjusted supporting arms fires despite fierce incoming machine gun fire and showers of PVA grenades. Forced back into a bunker by enemy fire, Littleton threw himself upon a grenade to save his comrades in that crowded space at the cost of his own life. He was awarded a posthumous Medal of Honor for his actions that night. Heavy fighting—much of it grenade duels and close quarters combat—lasted several hours. PVA mortar fire and small arms continued throughout the night and into the next day. As always, supporting arms were a critical Marine advantage. The 11th Marine Regiment ringed the endangered position with artillery fire, and Marine tanks successfully guarded the lowland approaches. In the division's center, PVA infiltrators silently slipped through the 5th Marines’ outpost line to occupy Hill 313. A futile counterattack was quickly launched, but the assault platoon was held in check and suffered heavy casualties. It was not until the next morning that elements of the 1st and 2nd Battalions, 5th Marines, retook the hill.

Paragraph 17: The club was founded as Steyrer Fußballklub Vorwärts with the club colours of red and white, the official founding ceremony was held at the Casino Steyr on 14 April 1919. The first match of Vorwärts Steyr was on 15 June 1919 in Linz against Linzer ASK (result 2–2). Already in its first year, the club won the Upper Austrian League; a national league did not exist at that time. In 1949 after dominating the state leagues, they managed to get to the Austrian Cup final which was held in Vienna against Austria Vienna which they lost 2–5, however reaching the final is still considered a major success even to this day. In the 1960s and 1970s, the club spent all its time in the Regionalliga Mitte or the Upper Austrian League. This twenty-year dry spell ended in 1979, when they returned to the Second Division. From 1982 Vorwärts established themselves in the second division until in 1988, after 37 years, when they gained promotion to the highest Austrian league, the Bundesliga where the club remained until 1996. The early-1990s saw the club reach its best ever league position in the 1990/91 and 1991/92 seasons, seventh place in the table. In 1995 they played in the Intertoto Cup and won the group stage remaining unbeaten (2–1 away win against Eintracht Frankfurt) and missed out on the UEFA Cup qualifiers only after an away defeat to Racing Strasbourg. By 1995 the club was deeply in debt with about 15 million shillings owed, so they required a bailout in the form of a guarantee from the town of Steyr. The bitter 0–2 defeat against LASK Linz on 29 May 1999 sealed the relegation from the top flight. Finally, the club had their license permanently withdrawn on 11 January 2000, ceasing operations and forfeiting the remaining matches. With an application for compulsory settlement, bankruptcy proceedings were opened. The club restarted from the lowest amateur division in August 2001. Since then the club has steadily risen through the amateur leagues and in 2018 returned to the 2nd tier of Austrian football.

Paragraph 18: Broad Street connects many historical sites in Downtown Richmond.  It is home to the lavish Empire Theatre, which is the state's oldest operating theatre.  Theatre IV, the Children's Theatre of Virginia, the second largest children's theatre in the nation, owns the Empire and presents its mainstage season there in downtown Richmond. Until the late 19th century, the trains of the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad ran down the center of the street from the present Harrison Street east to Eighth Street. The area around Sixth and Broad Streets was the center of retailing in the Southeast, with department stores such as Miller & Rhoads, Thalhimers, G. C. Murphy, Woolworth, Raylass, Sears, Cohen's and W. T. Grant and niche retailers like Hofheimer's. It was also home to "theater row", which included venues such as the National.

Paragraph 19: Komikan (from the Mapuche kom ikan "to eat all") is a two-player abstract strategy board game of the Mapuches (known by the Spaniards as the Araucanians) from Chile and Argentina.  The same game is also played by the Incas under the name Taptana, Komina, Comina, Cumi, Puma, or Inca Chess.  In modern Quechua, the language of the ethnolinguistic group that are the descendants of the Incas, Taptana means "chess".  It is known by the Aymaras, a neighboring ethnolinguistic group to the Quechuan people, as kumisiña.  Throughout South America the game is known as El león y las ovejas which literally means "the lion and the sheep".  The lion is actually a puma as there are no lions native to the Americas.  The Mapuches also call it El Leoncito.  J. I. Molina, in 1787, described it as ‘el artificioso juego del ajedrez, al cual dan el nombre de comican’ which translates to "the ingenious game of chess to which they (the Mapuche) give the name comican".  Komikan may actually be the same game as Adugo (Jaguar and Dogs) as played by the Bororó people  of Brazil.  in 1898, Stewart Culin, the famed anthropologist, named a game played in Peru as Solitario.  The same name was also used by the game historian, Murray, in 1952.  The game may also be known in Peru as Kukuli.  Komikan is a hunt game, and specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game) since it uses an expanded Alquerque board.  Like all hunt games, there are two unequal forces at play.  In Komikan, one player has only a single piece, usually called a "puma" or "jaguar", or "kom ikelu" (in Mapuche language "the one which eats all"), or "leon" (Spanish for lion), which can move one space at a time or capture the other player's pieces by hopping over them.  The other player has twelve pieces (usually called a "sheep" or "goat" or "dogs"), or perros or perritos which is Spanish for "dogs" and "little dogs" respectively, that can only move one space at a time, but not capture, and attempts only to surround and immobilize the puma or jaguar.  Pieces must move and/or capture following the pattern on the board.  The expanded Alquerque board consist of an Alquerque board and a triangular patterned board attached on one of its side.  

Paragraph 20: The first Best Actor awarded was Keve Hjelm, for his performance in Raven's End. The first Best Actress was awarded to Ingrid Thulin, for her performance in The Silence. The first Best Director were awarded to Ingmar Bergman, for his work on the film The Silence, which also won the first Best Film award. For a long time, the Guldbagge Awards were an exquisite exclusivity, and it was supposed to be so, and it took fifteen years before someone managed to win a second time, which was Keve Hjelm, receiving a special prize for his performance in the television series God natt, jord.

Paragraph 21: The opening track "The Greatest Story Ever Told" imagines Jesus coming back to life "but he’s here to say "You don’t need me anymore because I’ve had a look on my iPhone and you’re all way more sanctimonious than I ever was—and plus, none of you really ever listened to me anyway so bye bye."" According to Liam Martin of AllMusic, the song "follows the bombastic standard set by the openers on their previous albums. The massive chorus is relatively listener-friendly". "G.A.F.F" ("Give A Fuck Fatigue") was described as "a grungy and jagged fusion of funk-rock and hip-hop beats", the "nihilistic" song called by the band in its single press release "an ode to the occasional dispassion brought about by the mandatory concern for every perceived injustice that happens, has happened and might yet happen that is being foisted upon the masses by super-yacht dwelling tech barons who monetize our indignation." "Blue Beam Baby" – named after the Project Blue Beam conspiracy theory – revolves around the killing of Ashli Babbitt; "I kind of felt sorry for her," Liddiard said, "but to be honest, she was kicking a hornet's nest when she climbed through that broken window in that door in the Capitol Building. A hornet's nest that happened to be pointing a gun at her. So it's a song about morons believing shit posted on dodgy websites by that Jim Watkins guy and his idiot son who are "Q"." "Suburbiopia" is a song about suicide cults, whose title – an "ironic" portmanteau of the words "suburban" and "utopia" – was coined by Dunn. "The lyrical trajectory started as a total shamoz", Liddiard said of the song. "We all started it at breakfast one morning. But at about 11am I took a shower and the concept came to me. I thought 'What if all those nutty cults with their fucked up suicide escape plans weren’t wrong and everybody else accusing them of being insane was wrong? It’s timely not 'cause of the cult thing but because it’s probably a good time to leave the planet.'" "Bumma Sanger" (a spoonerised form of the term "summer banger") was described by Liddiard as a song "about the pandemic and it’s [sic] travel restrictions. You can’t go interstate or overseas but you can fly interstellar. So me and the band go on holiday and drink piss on a tropical beach in Uranus. Or somewhere similar."

Paragraph 22: Bonifazio de Pitati imparted upon his young pupil a lasting appreciation of Titian's work, the influence of which is clearly seen in his early pieces. Bassano's earliest paintings exhibit his lifelong obsession with brilliant colours that he had seen in Titian's beginning works, particularly in Bassano's Supper at Emmaus (1538). In this commission for a local church, Bassano fills the canvas with rich, luminous colours that help distinguish the figures from their surrounding environment. He breaks away from the practices of his contemporaries by placing the figure of Christ towards the back of the scene and allowing the lay people around him to play a more significant part in the composition of the piece. They are also unique in their dress. Instead of clothing his figures in the draping, shapeless fabrics many Renaissance artists equated with Classical Roman fashion, Bassano chose to feature figures in 16th-century clothing. The details of this piece are the most often discussed aspect of it. To many art historians his inclusion of various food on the tables, a dog lying down and a cat slinking around the chairs, as well as numerous secondary characters is a testament to Bassano's practice of drawing from life instead of relying on stylistic conventions of the age.

Paragraph 23: He supported himself for the next few years precariously enough, earning as he did little more than twelve florins a month, but at the same time he sedulously devoted himself to the theatre and sketched several plays, which differed so completely from the "original" plays then in vogue (The Played-out Trick actually appeared upon the boards) that they attracted the attention of such connoisseurs as Vorosmarty and Bajza who warmly encouraged the young writer. In 1840 the newly founded Hungarian Academy crowned his five-act drama Rosa, the title-role of which was brilliantly acted by Rosa Laborfalvy, the great actress, who subsequently married Maurus Jokai.

Paragraph 24: Gordon Giltrap: "I like their (Brook) guitars which sort of remind a little of my John Bailey that I used for SO many years on SO many albums!" "22nd July 2011: It is with great sadness that I received an e-mail from Maureen Bailey,the wife of John Bailey informing me that John passed away two days ago. John was without a doubt one of THE great pioneers of guitar making here in Britain. I shall be writing a more detailed dedication to this great man in next months news page. In the meantime we send our deepest condolences to his widow Maureen and their family. A sad day indeed. Gordon."!" "Although it had been many years since I had seen John, he was always a part of my life through the beautiful guitars he made. I still own the stunning twin neck that he made in the late 60's for guitarist and author Ralph Denyer. I bought the guitar in about 1975 and used it on stage, in the studio and featured it on album sleeves over the coming years. I guess the most iconic photograph of me with that guitar was on the inner sleeve of The Visionary album from 1976. I foolishly sold it in the early 80's via Bert Jansch's guitar shop. In fact Bert re strung that very guitar to sell it to a Mr John Garvey. Many years later I was able to purchase it back from John, and it has been with me ever since. It made its last appearance on my Guitar Maestros DVD. I acquired my first Bailey guitar in the late 60's, brand new from the maker who I think took a shine to me and let me have it at a silly price of something like £70. Such was the generosity of John Bailey. Sadly I sold it a few years back when times got hard. I used the guitar for much of the 70's and early 80's and it has its place in my musical history on many a GG recording, specifically Heartsong where I high strung it. It formed the logo for my re releases on Voiceprint. I really can't remember all the many players that owned John's instruments, but here is a list of just some that I can remember. Bert Jansch, John Renbourn, Roy Harper, Al Stewart, Benny Gallagher, Richard Thompson, Ralph Denyer, Joni Mitchell. There are many more believe me! The first Bailey guitar I saw was being played by Bert Jansch at Les Cousins, and I immediately fell in love with its looks and sound and vowed that one day I would have one. I can still remember asking Bert the make of his guitar. In fact it was the first time I had ever spoken to the man. How ironic that our first conversation should be in reference to a John Bailey guitar! I would dearly love to get my original one back or even own a nice example of a six string, but I doubt one will come up for sale, such is their rarity these days. John was indeed a pioneer of guitar making and was, to my knowledge one of the first to write a book about building a steel string guitar. This man will be greatly missed, and it was whilst going through my drawer of bits and pieces that I found a lovely note from him along with a brand new hand written label to go in my twin neck if I decided to replace the rather torn original. I decided to stick with the original. Maybe I shall frame that note and label as a memory of the great man! We shall miss getting a Christmas card from John and Maureen. John was indeed a pioneer and the first and probably last of his kind. The last time I actually saw John was when he attended my first wedding in 1970. He gave as a wedding present a beautiful Appalachian Dulcimer with heart shaped sound holes, which I used in concert and on an album track in 1973. The piece was called Spellbrook Meadow. Rest in peace John."

Paragraph 25: In September 2008, Janice and Leanne discover that one of the Lottery syndicate tickets for Underworld is a winner, to the tune of almost £25,000. Spotting an opportunity, Leanne persuades Janice that they should keep the money and claim the winnings by setting up a bogus bank account in Rosie Webster's (Helen Flanagan) name. However, Rosie has vanished, worrying her parents and when they learn of the lottery win, the police stop looking for Rosie, believing that she has absconded with the cash. Unable to live with her guilty conscience, Janice eventually comes clean on 8 October 2008 and is arrested while at work in the factory. The factory girls also tell Roger about the scam and he leaves Janice, disgusted at her behaviour. Janice is left on the Street in tears as Roger drives away. Leanne sees her from her upstairs window and callously just shuts the blind. In November, Janice stands trial for the scam alone, having agreed to keep Leanne's name out of it and is sentenced to community service, much to the disgust of her colleagues. She starts her work placement at the canteen at Weatherfield General Hospital in December and is initially delighted to discover that her supervisor is Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire), whom she sees as a pushover. However, she is proven wrong as Emily is very strict. On 29 December, she goes for a cigarette outside the hospital and meets Mike Scott (Anthony Bessick). He tells her he is in for a chest infection, downgraded from pneumonia. She tells him about her community service, and they laugh over their shared misfortune. Janice then goes back to work, but that night her friends tell her that she has been beaming the whole time she has been out with them, which suggests that she still has Mike on her mind.

Paragraph 26: In Present, Ronak arrives at a Marriage in India from Canada. She and her friends remember a boy called Rajveer (Gurnam Bhullar)  who was in love with Ronak when they were in Class 11 at Maharaja Ranjeet Singh School. Ronak's friend invites him to come to his marriage. Film goes back to Ronak's School days in 2010 when Rajveer is asking his dad to buy a Bicycle for him to which his father (Kaka Kautki) agrees. Rajveer starts going to school on his bicycle but soon falls in love with Ronak (Tania) who is his classmate at school. Rajveer intentionally punctures his cycle everyday to travel on Van to sit with Ronak. Soon both fall in love with each other. They make a plan to go to watch Mel Karade Rabba, a Punjabi movie. But on the day, Rajveer is absent from school. He never comes back to school. Ronak discovers that Rajveer and his Father left the village for another place. In Present, Ronak discovers that Rajveer left the wedding ceremony after learning that she was there. Ronak arrives at her home and discovers that all of his plants are dead to which she is very disappointed. Her family calls a Florist to re-decorate the garden. To Ronak's surprise, that florist is Rajveer. Ronak goes to Rajveer's home to meet him where she asks him why did he not come to school after promising to go to watch the movie. Rajveer tells that his father died on that day and his maternal family took him to Rajasthan. Rajveer also tells that he came to school on 14 February 2012 where he saw Ronak receiving flowers from another boy. Ronak tells him that boy was her friend's Saabi's boyfriend not her. After learning about this misunderstanding both Rajveer and Ronak cry. Ronak spends few days at Rajveer's home and leaves. She calls her husband (Ammy Virk) from Canada and tells him the situation. Her husband allows to live with Rajveer and file for divorce with him. Ronak returns to Rajveer and tells him about conversation with his husband but tells Rajveer that she that it was injustice to divorce his husband after realizing how much he loved her. Then, Ronak asks Rajveer to move on because if she can find a person who loves her so much, he can also find a girl who loves her so much. Ronak returns to Canada and Rajveer starts living a normal and positive life. The movie ends on a positive note.

Paragraph 27: Time Flies is a greatest hits album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News, released in 1996. The album also features four previously unreleased tracks. This marks the first time "The Power of Love" was available on an International Huey Lewis and the News album (it had previously been available on the UK release of the Fore! album). The song "So Little Kindness" was later included on the 2001 album Plan B as Lewis felt it needed a second chance. The song "100 Years From Now" was originally conceived for a planned Huey Lewis solo album that was later cancelled.

Paragraph 28: The film was heavily panned by Indian critics. Sify gave it 2 out of 5 stars saying "You try so hard to understand what No Smoking tries to say, but the film is like one big puzzle that refuses to get solved. John makes a sincere attempt to leave a mark and succeeds to an extent. Really, one wonders, what prompted John to instantly approve this bizarre story". Rajeev Masand of IBN Live giving it 1.5/5 said "What the director gives us is an extremely arrogant piece of work that reeks of over-confidence and self-proclaimed genius. How else do you explain the intentionally incohesive screenplay, the bizarre dialogue, and the blatant disregard for the viewer's time and patience?". Nikhat Kazmi of Times of India also gave it 1.5/5 stars and said "No Smoking leaves you completely baffled and desperately looking for logic in its surreal sequences of John in a jaded jail, John in a tunnel, John in a bathtub, John in Siberia-like surroundings". Indu Mirani from DNA India rated it 1.5/5 saying "There is a fine line between intelligence and indulgence and with No Smoking, director Anurag Kashyap crosses it often. It’s not like he has made a rank bad film, but 'No Smoking' is so influenced by graphic novels and Neil Gaiman books, that understanding its plot's many forward and backward movements would be out of the scope of the layman". Khalid Mohamed of Hindustan Times rated it 1 star and said "Too in-depth man, too in-depth, puffing, driving, the sex act, fingers being chopped. Kcuf, kcuf. What’s happening out here? You can’t make out, you don’t care, and you’re fed up of the affectations, the self-indulgence." Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama giving it 1 out of 5 said "You try so hard to understand what No Smoking tries to say, but the film is like one big puzzle that refuses to get solved. What ails No Smoking, did you ask. Simple, it's the most complicated cinematic experience of 2007. On the whole, No Smoking fails miserably. Very disappointing!". Prithviraj Hegde of Rediff.com gave the film 0 stars and said "The movie unfolds like a bad dream and spins into a downward spiral that's unreal, incomprehensible and leaves you dazed. And as you may have gathered, I still have no clue what the movie was about." On the contrary, Chandril Bhattacharya of Anandabazar Patrika praised the movie uninhibitedly and described the film as first of its kind in India and historical. Aesthetically and culturally significant, it is extremely unfortunate No Smoking was not sent as India’s official selection at the Oscars for Best Foreign Language film. Instead, in 2012 No Smoking was voted no. 2 on the list of: "The Ten Worst Films of John Abraham" by Rediff.com.

Paragraph 29: BlogCritics made note that the film's elements were "reminiscent of Spielberg's debut Duel as well as the likes of Jeepers Creepers, Blair Witch Project, and Paranormal Activity, and while the film's concept was not original, it "is a well executed low-budget thriller," with the reviewer remarking that "the biggest complaint I have about it is that it feels a tad long with too little actually happening." Dread Central wrote that while it was another "found footage film", after speaking with him, they were willing to give director Dominic Perez the benefit of the doubt. They offered this quote from Perez himself: "It took me 3 months to write Evil Things, 7 days to shoot it, and 1 month to edit it, but it took me 41 years to finally believe that I could make it happen." Twitch Film wrote that the film was meandering, aiming for authenticity in its scares but missing the mark, commenting that it was the "'free-form' dialogue from each of the five victims forces the authenticity; raising and lowering the tension immediately and in the process spiralling as far from reality as possible."  However, they did note the film was well shot: "for a handheld piece the frozen vistas are quite remarkable and the winter holiday home is an excellent set piece for that unmistakable feeling of 'middle of nowhere'," but concluded that despite the location, once the actors begin their dialog, "the film loses its gravitas." The website concluded that the film "offers an interesting end in the form of the killers' point of view, but the nifty convention is ultimately lost in the mediocrity that came before it." JoBlo.com compared the film to both Blair Witch and The Lord of the Rings "because for the better part of the movie, nothing much happens. But when the shit does hit the fan, it does so in a grand fashion that leaves you retarded on the floor and cowering in fear/excitement". They noted that while much of the film's early dialog was tedious and boring, the final 30 minutes when the reviewer felt that as a hand-held film, it finally delivered the excitement that was anticipated. They wrote that the actors did a great job of leading up to the final moments, doing "great job of carrying the film, and keeping the audience intrigued right to the final screams," offering that "the horror of the payoff here feels personal, like it is actually happening, which is hard to accomplish in any movie". The reviewer also appreciated how the film was put together, as if edited by the killer himself after his deeds were done, with additional footage seemingly shot by the kiler himself edited into that taken by his victims. Action Flick Chick wrote that the film was a "slow starter", but that the "ending does give you a little bit of a creep out factor, though." Horror review site Life After Undeath panned the movie stating that "Evil Things is every mock documentary ever made" and that they "can only recommend Evil Things for people who think The Ils Witch Activity would make a good movie, and then only if you liked the worst parts of each of those movies."

Paragraph 30: In 1996, Basu was spotted at a hotel in Kolkata by the model Mehr Jesia Rampal, who suggested she take up modelling. That year, she participated in and eventually won the Godrej Cinthol Supermodel Contest (organised by Ford), thereby representing India at Ford Models Supermodel of the World contest in Miami. She later appeared in the Calida commercial with her then-boyfriend Dino Morea, which was controversial for picturing them sultrily; she had some protesters outside her house after that. With appearance on several magazine covers, Basu continued to pursue a career in fashion modeling during her late teens, until she became an actress.