Paragraph 1: On 9 April, Nebojša and Smeli were sent to the southern Adriatic to attack Italian maritime traffic between Bari in Italy and the Italian protectorate of Albania. Despite the large amount of traffic in the area, Nebojša did not engage any targets. She returned to the Bay of Kotor on 10 or 11 April, where the fleet had begun to break up and some ships' crews were deserting. On 14 April the pending Yugoslav unconditional surrender was announced, and two days later the crew were advised by their commanding officer, Anton Javoršek, that they would be surrendering the following day. Aware that some of the crew wished to escape to the Allies, he tried to dissuade them from doing so. While he was ashore at a conference, his second-in-command, Đorđe Đorđević, contacted a submarine officer he knew who was attached to the defence headquarters of the Bay of Kotor, Đorđe Mitrović, and offered him the command of the submarine if he would lead the crew that wished to escape to Greece. Mitrović readily agreed and took command. Of the six officers and 46 sailors that normally comprised the crew, three officers and 28 sailors chose to escape. Some of this shortfall was made up by eleven sailors from the submarine reserve pool. That evening she sailed to Kumbor, also in the Bay of Kotor, and took onboard three naval officers, one sailor, nine army officers and six civilians.Nebojša left the Bay of Kotor on 17 April, and sailed submerged until 20:20 when she surfaced to recharge her batteries during the night. Submerging again, she passed through the Strait of Otranto between Italy and Albania on 18 April. The following day her gyrocompass malfunctioned, and her crew were forced to use an unreliable magnetic compass to navigate. To conduct repairs on the gyrocompass, Nebojša stopped at Argostoli on the island of Cephalonia in the Ionian Islands of western Greece on 20 April, and the army and civilian passengers were put ashore. Resupplied, she left Argostoli on 22 April and headed for the Greek island of Crete. A storm on 23 April near the island of Antikythera tore off some deck plating and two doors from the conning tower, but she made it to Souda Bay on the northwest coast of Crete on the following day. One or two days later she resumed her voyage to Egypt accompanied by the British steamship Destro and the , and escorted by the  torpedo boats Durmitor and Kajmakčalan. The latter were German-made Yugoslav vessels that had also escaped at the time of the surrender. At 02:45 on 26 April, the group of vessels was met by a British warship and escorted towards Alexandria. At 12:20 on 27 April, Nebojšas diesel engines broke down and she completed the voyage to Alexandria on her electric motors alone, arriving at 14:20 the same day. Along with other vessels and crews that had escaped during the invasion, Nebojša formed part of the KM-in-exile, which operated out of eastern Mediterranean ports under the operational command of the RN.

Paragraph 2: One of the Leader's Humanoids specifically programmed to bring him back to life in the event of his death resurrects him with his Revivo-Beam, and he resurfaces after months of hiding to engage in a number of plots against the Hulk, including an alliance with General Ross. He also interrupts the wedding of Bruce Banner (the Hulk's alter ego) and Betty Ross by shooting Banner with a ray which restores the Hulk to his savage state, gamma-irradiates Manhattan's water supply to transform its inhabitants into loyal servants, and clashes with the Hulk and the Avengers twice. Eventually, the Leader's mutation destabilizes and he reverts to the form of Samuel Sterns. He convinces the Gray Hulk to transfer the gamma radiation from the recently Hulk-like Rick Jones into himself, and the Leader is restored with a new appearance and a psychic link to Rick. The Leader subsequently detonates a gamma bomb in a small town, Middletown, Arizona, killing over 5,000 people. The few, now enhanced, survivors provide him with valuable research subjects and a group of superhuman enforcers called the Riot Squad. With their help, he builds a self-sufficient society called Freehold in the Arctic, populated with civilians dying from radiation poisoning. When the Leader's brother Philip Sterns becomes the Madman, the Leader deems him a threat and sends the Hulk to eliminate him.

Paragraph 3: Grandson of Tuathal Ó Cléirigh, a chief of the sept of Uí Chléirigh in Donegal, he was born in Kilbarron near Creevy, between Rossnowlagh and Ballyshannon on Donegal Bay. He was baptised Tadhg Ó Cléirigh and was known by the nickname Tadhg an tSléibhe (meaning Tadhg of the mountain), but took the name of Mícheál when he became a Franciscan friar. He was the youngest of four sons of Donnchadh Ó Cléirigh and his mother was Onóra Ultach. Of his older brothers were Uilliam, Conaire and Maolmhuire, Conaire is known to have worked on the annals as a scribe, while Maolmhuire also became a Franciscan at Louvain. Micheál was a cousin of Lughaidh Ó Cléirigh (), also famous as an Irish historian and author of one of the major sources of the annals.

Paragraph 4: Second-Lieutenant Richard Masters Gorham, who had been commissioned into the Bermuda Militia Artillery from the ranks of the Bermuda Volunteer Engineers on 20 December 1940, to replace Second Lieutenant Francis J. Gosling (who had trained as a pilot at the Bermuda Flying School and was to depart for the United Kingdom in January for transfer to the Royal Air Force) learnt of an instruction from the Army Council that prevented commanding officers from barring officers under their command from taking any training course for which they volunteered. Gorham and Second-Lieutenant Michael F. Gregg (who had been commissioned into the Bermuda Militia Artillery from the ranks of the Bermuda Volunteer Engineers on 28 May 1941) relinquished their Bermuda Militia Artillery local-service commissions on 27 June 1942 in order to receive regular Royal Artillery emergency commissions on 8 July 1942. Trained as pilots by the Royal Air Force, they served in Air Observation Post squadrons controlled by the Royal Air Force but with gunners as pilot-fire controllers. Gorham served in North Africa and Italy. In Italy, while in command of B Flight of 655 Squadron, he played the decisive role in the Battle of Monte Cassino when he spotted a German division moving in half-tracked German Armoured Personnel Carriers to counter attack the British 5th Division and the Polish Corps, which were themselves attacking the German-occupied monastery. Contacting the senior Royal Artillery fire control officer on the ground. All two-thousand field guns within range were switched from their local targets and placed under his control. Gorham directed their fire down onto the German Division. The guns fired for hours, with Gorham taking turns with other AOP pilots. The German division was completely destroyed, and the Allied ground forces broke through four days later. For this action, Gorham received the Distinguished Flying Cross, a relative rarity for an Army officer. After the war, Gorham would serve as a Captain, second-in-command of the Bermuda Rifles (as the Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps was retitled in 1949). On his retirement in 1954, He retired from the army with the substantive rank of captain, he was awarded the honorary rank of colonel in the Royal Artillery and was subsequently knighted.

Paragraph 5: A reviewer for Next Generation focused on the lack of anything to do in the game besides bid for landing rights and choose cargo: "No cut-throat strategy for undermining the competition's prices, no sabotage of trading routes, no space battles - not even the occasional price war." He recommended that players get "much better" business sims such as Transport Tycoon or Capitalism instead, and gave it 1 out of 5 stars. World Village (Gamer's Zone) wrote "The plot was a little thin for my taste, but if reading the business section of the paper excites you, then this game would be a must for you. The main weakness that I see in this program is lack of originality. I see parts of Railroad Tycoon, Civilization, Sim City among others, as well as the obvious connection to Air bucks v1.2. Nothing wrong with recycling older programs, especially as hardware improvements allow the newer versions to make improvements on game performance. That is what happened with this game. Unfortunately, it has a rushed feeling and fails to capitalize on the improvements there were put in the game." Computer Gaming World said "If you love to create ornate moving sculptures that generate endless money but do very little else interesting, then SPACE BUCKS will have some appeal for you. Set at its hardest level, the game offers two or three hours of challenge before your empire grows to the point that nothing can really harm it and you simply sit around absorbing planets from your competitors and doing more and more unwieldy upgrades to your entire fleet. Other than that, it is pretty to look at, but definitely no AIR BUCKS in Space." Computer Games Magazine wrote "Dealing with manufacturing, the bank and stock market, and random events do add a few things (bowling pins and knives?), but there still aren't a lot of different things to do (as in, say, Sim City or Capitalism). Despite this, you have to watch these things very closely, and it is easy for things to go critical very quickly. At the beginner level I played (and quickly lost) four games before I'd gotten a business that was even barely stable (and I was at the bottom of the pack). Maybe I just don't have a nose for business, but my attention wasn't strongly held. Beginning business sim fans might get more out of Space Bucks than I did, but I suspect advanced gamers will want to stick with a more detailed game like Capitalism."

Paragraph 6: Until the Late Middle Ages it was not apparent to contemporaries that there would be, or could be, two different and competing legal systems in England, one of them common law and the other equity.  They were, however, aware of the conflicting courts.  There was a conflict of jurisdiction.  There were numerous complaints that various authorities had exceeded their power.  Equity grew in its desire to deal with the de facto failings of the common law courts, and did not concern itself with doctrinal differences.  Often, a suitor who was dissatisfied with the result in a common law court would refile the case in Equity or Chancery.  These latter courts saw their role as being "equalizers":  socially, legally, economically.  In this position, and encouraged by Roman law traditions, they were always creative in producing new writs which could not be found in the common law courts.  It was in this spirit that Justice Berrewyk in 1302, ordered an infant to be brought before the court with a writ subpoena: "under pain of (forfeit) of 100 pounds".  But there is evidence that "threat of penalty" had been attached to writs used by the government to induce behavior as early as 1232.  By 1350, the  writ certis de causis (the "writ for certain causes"), began having the clause subpoena routinely attached. The writ quibusdam certis de causis is at least as old at 1346, and had subpoena attached.  The great objection which common lawyers made to writs in this form was their failure to mention the cause of the summons.  It became the custom in the common law courts that the person would not be compelled to appear without having notice of the reasons for appearing.  Early subpoenas carried no notice of the reason for the summons.  Objections in Parliament became loud and frequent.  On the one hand, Chancery believed that a wrongdoer might engage in maintenance to prepare the verdict before appearing in court.  On the other side, common law courts found it difficult to amend the presented writ, and many cases were lost for want of the correct writ at the beginning of the case.

Paragraph 7: The game used Unreal Engine 3 as middleware due to it being at the forefront of engine technology at the time. It also allowed development to start before the console's release. Conversely, the design philosophy behind Unreal Engine clashed with the philosophies most often used in JRPG engines, resulting in difficulties with integration that repeated themselves four times during development. In addition, the team had trouble keeping up with the engine's regular updates and reading the requisite manuals. This in turn caused technical setbacks such as long loading times. Four different types of cutscenes were created, from lower-quality real-time cutscenes to pre-rendered cinematics. In hindsight, it was felt that the pre-rendered cinematics were not needed as they used the same models as the high-quality real-time cutscenes, although during development pre-rendered cutscenes were chosen due to their improved lighting and visual effects. The different grades of cutscenes were created differently: higher-quality real-time cutscenes were first shot and then tailored motion capture animations were included with hand-manipulated facial expressions, while the lower-quality cutscenes used "off-the-shelf" motion capture. Due to a lack of a clear transition point, players later felt that cutscene quality was inconsistent. The amount of higher-quality cutscenes was much higher in earlier builds of the game, and the team needed to reduce their number and replace them with standard real-time cutscenes. The final length of cutscenes was estimated at around seven hours: one hour used pre-rendered graphics despite real-time high-quality character models being used, while six hours were purely real-time. The game's visual director was Roy Sato, who had a previous background in film and television and had worked with Sakaguchi on Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within. Working on the game was initially difficult, as he needed to adjust to a new format and get used to a company that was still fairly new.

Paragraph 8: John Bachmann, Sr. (1814–1896) was a Swiss-born lithographer and artist best known for his bird's-eye views, especially of New York City. He was a journeyman lithographic artist in Switzerland and Paris until 1847. His first known American print (credited to "C Bachmann" as artist and "J Bachmann" as publisher) appeared in 1848, a view from an imagined point above Union Square in New York, looking south toward The Battery. In 1849 and 1850, he created and published a series of American views, including views  of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, New Orleans and Havana. Both directly copied and used as a primary source by other lithographers at home and in Europe, these were the first major bird's eye views (drawn from an imagined perspective), as opposed to panoramic views (views drawn directly from the artists experience) in the United States (smaller views had appeared as early as the 1820s).

Paragraph 9: The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 created the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit (VEETC) to subsidize production costs. The 2008 Farm Bill reduced the VEETC's 51-cent tax credit to 45 cents. Other measures taken by Congress to jump start ethanol production include the 2004 VEETC bill, which provided for a Small Ethanol Producer Tax Credit which gave tax credits to small ethanol producers. More recently, the Tax Relief Act, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization Act, and Job Creation Act of 2010 extended the tax cuts allowed by VEETC from the end of 2010 to the end of 2012. In the United States, to realize equivalent fuel economy at the pump with an FFV, the price of E85 must be much lower than gasoline. E85 was at least 20% less expensive in most areas as recently as 2011. In one US test, a 2007 Chevy Tahoe FFV averaged 18.3 MPG (U.S. gallons) for gasoline and 13.5 MPG for E85, 26.5% worse than gasoline. However, in Australia, where Holden has sold more than 70,000 FFVs since 2010, the difference in combined consumption on similar V8 variants in a family sedan is between 10% and 20%. In 2010, the cost of fuel in the US averaged US$3.42, while the cost for E85 averaged US$3.09, or 90% of the cost of gasoline. In another test, however, a fleet of Ford Tauruses averaged only about 6% fewer miles per gallon in ethanol-based vehicles when compared to traditional, gas-powered Tauruses.

Paragraph 10: He held that post from 2008 until his party, the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD,) lost the elections to the Patriotic Front in September 2011. A retired Lt General of the Zambia Air Force, he was previously the home affairs minister of Zambia, from February 9, 2003, until January 2005, when he switched positions with Kalombo Mwansa in a cabinet reshuffle and became foreign minister. He served as foreign minister for nearly two years, until another cabinet reshuffle in October 2006 which occurred after Levy Mwanawasa’s election to a second term as president. Shikapwasha returned to the position of home affairs minister and was replaced as foreign minister by agriculture minister Mundia Sikatana. Shikapwasha hails from Zambia's Central Province and is believed to be a relative to the former First Lady of Zambia, Maureen Kakubo Mwanawasa.

Paragraph 11: Until the 1950s, terrone kept the classist meaning of "peasant", that is "person working the land (hence the word terra)"; at one point, even people migrating from the relatively more rural regions of Veneto, Emilia-Romagna and Tuscany to the industrialised Lombardy had been accordingly nicknamed terroni del nord ("Northern Terroni"). However, it was not until the Italian economic miracle, when a great number of Southerners migrated to the industrial centers of Northern Italy, that it began to be strictly used (often as a slur) to indicate people from Southern Italy. From terrone later derived Terronia "the land of the Terroni", and the adjective terronico "anything related to the Terroni".

Paragraph 12: From 1899 to 1903, he was the commander of the 12th, then the 15th and finally the 6th Infantry Regiment. He was one of the main participants in the May Coup. He decided on the conspiracy because he believed that the dictatorship was the best for Serbia and that it should be achieved by revolution. At that time he was an infantry lieutenant colonel and commanded the 6th Infantry Regiment. Two days before the coup on 26 May 1903, a meeting of the main conspirators, commanded by Dragutin Dimitrijević (Apis) was held in the apartment of Lieutenant Colonel Mihailo Naumović, to which Mišić did not come under the pretext that he was not on good terms with Naumović. At that meeting, it was agreed that the coup would take place on 29 May (Old Style) or 11 June 1903 (New Style) at two o'clock after midnight. It was agreed that the main group of conspirator officers should join Mišić at 1:55 A.M., who at that time was supposed to pass by the Officers' Home with one battalion of the 6th Regiment. At the time retired lieutenant general Aleksandar Mašin (Queen Draga's brother) entered the barracks of the 12th Regiment to take command when Mišić's battalion arrived behind the scheduled time, so the other conspirators went into risky action without his immediate support. Although Mišić hesitated for a while at the time of departure, one of his subordinates led a company on his own, and then Mišić started, though with some delay. At 2:00 A.M. Commander of the Palace Guard Petar Živković opened the palace doors to the conspirators, now led by Mišić, who with his somewhat belated battalion stormed the palace and clashed with members of the Palace Guard, overcoming them. He took control of the yard and opened the gendarme gate of Petar Kosić's company. After capturing the Stari dvor, the conspirators were unable to find the king and queen at first. Because of that, Mišić announced prematurely that King Aleksandar Obrenović and Queen Draga had died and that Petar Karađorđević was the new king. In the meantime, the conspirators searched the palace and eventually found the royal couple in the early morning of 11 June 1903. King Alexander and Queen Draga were shot and their bodies mutilated and disembowelled and, according to eyewitness accounts, thrown from a second-floor window of the palace onto piles of garden manure. The King was only 26 years old and Draga was 37 at the time of their death. King Alexander and Queen Draga were buried in the crypt of St. Mark's Church, Belgrade. Also killed with the royal couple were: Prime Minister Dimitrije Cincar-Marković; Minister of the Army, Milovan S. Pavlović, and General-Adjutant Lazar Petrović.

Paragraph 13: At the start of his career during the 1960s Hammons primary medium was body prints. This unique art was made by greasing Hammons own body; then, he would press it on the paper and add graphite or another medium to accentuate the body print. Hammons acknowledges that he borrowed this technique from the French Artist, Yves Klein. Much of Hammons' Body Prints reflect one of his main influences for his artwork - that being race. Much of his work reflects his commitment to the civil rights and Black Power movements. As a black man experiencing these movements first-hand his artwork is rooted deeply in his personal experiences. These themes have been demonstrated in a range of his body prints. This is specifically seen in his "Spade" works he created during the 1970s - the word being used ironically to reflect Hammons lack of understanding as to why it is used as a derogatory term for African-Americans. Although not exclusively limited to Body Prints, many of the artworks in this series are conducted in this medium. There is Spade, a 1974 print where the artist pressed his face against the shape leaving a caricature-like imprint of Negroid features. Also in the Spade series is Spade (Power for the Spade) this piece depicts a body print embossed onto a canvas depicting a Spade card you would find in a pack of cards. This artwork attempts to reclaim the term transforming its meaning from a racist term into a "badge of honor". Similarly, his 1970 painting, Black First, America Second, is 2 images of himself being wrapped into the American flag. It is his black self and his American self. He feels as if these two identities that he has are split and fundamentally at odds. They are constantly fighting each other and cannot be joined. Similarly, there is his 'Injustice Case' where he depicts himself bound to a chair and gagged. This image references the treatment of Bobby Seale during the Trial of the Chicago 7 and Hammons' attempts to comment on the inequity suffered by African-Americans at the time. This piece in particular reflects Hammons ability to capture the personal experience of being a Black man in America, especially at the time of the Civil Rights Movement, and has been described by Michael Govan as "an icon for American Art." This piece also reflects Hammons natural artistic talent as it was acquired by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art merely a year after it was made.

Paragraph 14: In 2004, the skull of Aralosaurus was re-examined by Godefroit and colleagues, and according to them, the bone fragments identified by Rozhdestvensky as the middle part of the nasal arch and the posterior portion of the premaxilla seem to have been lost. These fragments were originally found isolated while the rest of the skull was articulated (including a posterior fragment of the nasal). So that it is no longer possible today to confirm the presence of a nasal arch in Aralosaurus. On the other hand, this study shows that Aralosaurus was not a gryposaur-like hadrosaurine, because the purported nasal boss was in fact a fragment of a hollow structure. Indeed, Godefroit and colleagues did not find any hadrosaurine diagnostic characters in Aralosaurus. On the contrary, the skull of Aralosaurus presents several features (in the maxilla, parietal, squamosal and especially the nasal) which indicates its inclusion among the Lambeosaurinae. Notably, the posterior fragment of the nasal, which is clearly articulated to the rest of the skull, rises just in front of the orbits and forming or participating to a hollow crest-like structure. As this structure is broken at its base, it is not possible to deduce its size and shape. However, in rostral view, the nasal is clearly hollow, it is deeply excavated rostrally by a broad groove that communicates directly with the ventral side of the posterior part of the bone. It is therefore clear that in Aralosaurus the nasal crest surrounded part of the respiratory system. The extension of the nasal cavity inside a hollow crest is typically a lambeosaurine feature, thus confirming the inclusion of Aralosaurus among them. Aralosaurus also exhibits several cranial characters which indicate that it was a basal member of the group. Although having a hollow nasal structure, the latter was located in front of the orbits, a primitive position in lambeosaurines. In the most advanced representatives of the group, the nasal migrates to a caudodorsal position because of the important development of the premaxillae in these forms. In addition, in more derived lambeosaurines, the skull roof is modified to form a fixation zone for the hollow crest, whereas in Aralosaurus the skull roof does not present any particular modification. The shape and the size of the crest-like structure of Aralosaurus is unknown. The fragments that were previously interpreted as a part of a gryposaur-like nasal arch and could have helped to reconstruct the circumnarial region of Aralosaurus, have been lost. So, the discovery of more complete specimens is necessary for a better knowledge of the shape and the size of this hollow structure.

Paragraph 15: On penning review for Bollywood Hungama, critic Taran Adarsh stated, "A.R. Rahman's music is melodious and easy on the ears. The title track is the pick of the lot, but the item song can easily be deleted, for it serves as a speed breaker in the goings-on. Perhaps, even this song was added to add spice." Critic based at Australian Cine Urban praised the music, "A superb digital sound mix drives the all important soundtrack, fantasy music video clips on the cable music channels in that they are multi-costume and multi-location showpieces, taking us from waterfalls to snowy mountain fields to idyllic shorelines. Duets and full scale wedding routines follow each other as the first half zips along with its charter to set the musical mood." Vijay Ramanan of Planet Bollywood, "A. R. Rahman's music and score, while simply re-created from the original except for two songs is as usual – fantastic. Mr. Brown reviewed the music of the film, "The songs-chiefly are the lilting title number; the percussive wedding song "Chhalka Chhalka Re" ("It Spilled"); and the seductive ballads "Chupke Se" ("Quietly") and "Aye Udi Udi Udi" ("Flew Away") a highlight. Glamsham pointed, "All in all, all praises to the music composition by A R Rahman; the music is unique and upbeat. A R Rahman has been successful in creating a different genre of music for his ever increasing list of fans. The lyrics is definitely getting subdued by the exciting music. A must buy for people who love new music".

Paragraph 16: Most of this land was used for farming, but Ogilvie developed Thorpeness into an elite private fantasy holiday village, to which he invited his friends' and colleagues' families during the summer months. An exclusive country club with tennis courts, a swimming pool, clubhouse; a golf club designed by the eminent James Braid with its own club house; and many holiday homes were built in Jacobean and Tudor Revival styles. Thorpeness railway station, provided by the Great Eastern Railway to serve what was expected to be an expanding resort, was opened a few days before the outbreak of World War I. It was little used, except by golfers, and closed in 1966.

Paragraph 17: Historically, the Limb Brook marked the boundary between the Saxon kingdoms of Mercia and Northumbria. This remained the boundary between Yorkshire and Derbyshire into the 20th century. A report dating from 1574 detailed a tour by George Talbot, the 6th Earl of Shrewsbury, then lord of the manor of Sheffield, of the boundaries of the manor, in which they visited 'a great heape of stones called Ringinglawe' that was used as one of the boundary markers. The site of the cairn is believed to be to the west of the village. Sheffield historian S. O. Addy, writing in 1888, noted that the Old English word hlâw is almost always used to refer to a burial mound, and speculated that this 'great heap of stones' may have been an ancient barrow. He further suggested that the etymology of the name Ringinglow suggests that 'originally the heap may have been a round burial mound, or mound surrounded by a circle'. Addy additionally noted that there existed a 'folk etymology' for the name Ringinglow—a story also recounted by local historian J. Edward Vickers—that the village got its name after a man lost on the moors in bad weather was saved when he heard the bells of Sheffield parish church 'ringing low' over the moors. Both authors state that this story is a myth.

Paragraph 18: Born to the Meisel family. In 1542 and 1561 his family, with the other Jewish inhabitants, was forced to leave the city, though only for a time. The source of the great wealth which subsequently enabled him to become the benefactor of his coreligionists and to aid the Austrian imperial house, especially during the Turkish wars, is unknown. He is mentioned in documents for the first time in 1569, as having business relations with the communal director Isaac Rofe (Lékarz), subsequently his father-in-law. His first wife, Eva, who died before 1580, built with him the Jewish Town Hall in Prague, which is still standing and serves today as the headquarters of the Czech Jewish Community, as well as the neighboring High Synagogue, where the Jewish court sat. With his second wife, Frummet, he built (1590–92) the Maisel Synagogue, which was much admired by the Jews of the time, being, next to the Altneusynagoge, the metropolitan synagogue of the city; it still bears his name. The costly golden and silver vessels with which he and his wife furnished this building either were lost during the lawsuit over his estate or were burned during the conflagrations in the ghetto on 21 June 1689 and 16 May 1754. The only gifts dedicated by Meisel and his wife to this synagogue that have been preserved are a curtain (paroket) embroidered with hundreds of pearls, a similarly adorned wrapper for the scroll of the Law, and a magnificent bronze ornament for the almemar. Jacob Segre, rabbi of Casale Monferrato, celebrated the dedication of the synagogue in a poem which is still extant, and his contemporary David Gans, the chronicler of Prague, has described in his Tzemach Dawid the enthusiasm with which the Jewish population received the gift.

Paragraph 19: Louis-Joseph Antoine was born on 7 June 1846 in Mons-Crotteux, Belgium at a place called "In the Chapel", the youngest of a large family, which belonged to the Roman Catholic Church. His mother was Catherine Castille, born in 1797. He was raised in the Priesse street and attended primary school in Mons. From the age of twelve, Louis was employed as a coal miner, following in the footsteps of his father. One day, while working at the mine, his lamp went out without apparent reason, which he interpreted as a divine sign that he should abandon this work. He worked for two years in the mine, then was a steelworker in the Cockerill factory in Seraing. He was enrolled in the militia of Belgium in 1866, and filled his military obligations in Bruges. During the Franco-Prussian War, he accidentally killed a comrade; although there was no legal action, this event led him to question the meaning of life. After marrying Jeanne Catherine Collon on 15 April 1873, while he was a hammerer, he became the father of a son, Louis Martin Joseph, born in Hamborn, Prussia on 23 September 1873, and baptized five days later in the Catholic Church of St. John. Then the family went to Belgium in August 1876, where Antoine bought a horse and became a vegetable vendor. In 1878, he began to suffer from recurring stomach aches. In February 1879, he returned to Poland where he was hired as hammerer chief by Mr. Pastor in the Pragua steelworks; there his wife ran a school canteen. Five years later, the family moved to Jemeppe-sur-Meuse (Belgium), where he built twenty houses for workers. On 5 February 1886, Antoine was sentenced to a fine of two francs on the grounds of physical violence on Denis Collon on 10 October 1885. Until 1900, he was a portier and a collector of Lexhy factory.

Paragraph 20: In 1973, Ladislas Wroblewski, who cofounded the Independent Republicans (RI) party with Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, offered de Sarnez a part-time role as secretary of the Young RI arm. At RI, she met Jean-Pierre Raffarin, who went on to become prime minister; Dominique Bussereau, who became president of the ; and eventual Minister of Justice Pascal Clément. She was involved in the Presidential campaign the next year, creating popular "Giscard à la barre" ("Giscard at the helm”) t-shirts. Giscard d'Estaing was elected and de Sarnez rose quickly through the ranks. Later de Sarnez grew disappointed by the rightward turn, especially the anti-abortion politics, that the new administration adopted, and wished Giscard d'Estaing had taken the opportunity to break from the right-wing UDR (predecessor to the Rally for the Republic, RPR) and form a majority government without them. Failure to do so, she later said, left the Giscardians "hostages" to the right. Simone Veil offered de Sarnez a slot on her list for the European elections in 1979 (when Veil became president of the European Parliament). De Sarnez, who had a ten-month-old daughter and a son on the way, declined at that time, later saying she was glad to have waited for a more compatible political partner. 

Paragraph 21: "Sometimes we just feel like playing a show near home and not announcing it as a TREOS show, just keeping it small and intimate and stuff. And you know, when you play a lot of shows you have to worry about your draw, and a lot of bands will purposefully not play their hometown area for a long time to build up a draw. It’s something that every band needs to be conscious of. And for us, we got to thinking, “We haven’t played a show in Massachusetts for a long time, kind of purposefully “we need to give ourselves a break and not saturate the market so people don’t care about seeing us anymore,” you know? And it got to the point where like, “Man, we miss playing hall shows and stuff. Let’s just do one,” and we talked to Alex from Therefore I Am because we love those guys and love playing with them, and worked it out. He set up the show and it just worked out great. People have caught on and every time they see The Red Eye of Soromon they’re obviously going to know it’s us, but it’s just something to do to be fun, you know, just be goofy about it, show people that we don’t take ourselves too seriously and that we still love playing shows like this. Playing big shows is great, playing big clubs is great, but it loses something at that level, you know? And it’s not as intimate and off-the-cuff and random as shows like these, and we love doing it, so we’re going to keep doing it as long as we’re a band, regardless of how well or how poorly the band does from here on out." The most recent performance under the pseudonym was on May 16, 2012.

Paragraph 22: The first casualty of the race was Lucas di Grassi, his VR-01 once again crippled by hydraulics failure, while at the front of the pack, Hamilton kept in touch with Webber as they raced on the softer tyre. His teammate Button was able to carve his way through the field, having started fourteenth. The early phase of the race was marked by another minor stewarding controversy as Fernando Alonso attempted to pass the struggling Robert Kubica on the entry to Vale. Alonso was forced off the circuit and recovered to take the second half of Club corner, but passed Kubica in the process. Alonso was given a drive-through penalty for failing to give the place back to Kubica, but problems began when Adrian Sutil made contact with Pedro de la Rosa on the main straight. Although both drivers were able to continue for the time being, de la Rosa's rear wing was damaged and it started to disintegrate as the Sauber took to the Hangar straight. He pitted and was released back into the race, but it was a mortal wound and de la Rosa was forced to retire. The debris on the circuit at the approach to Stowe prompted the deployment of the safety car, bunching the field back up. This was a problem for Alonso because he was unable to serve his drive-through penalty until after the safety car had withdrawn, sending him plummeting back down the order. Reactions from the commentators were unsympathetic, with many feeling that Alonso could have avoided trouble by giving the place back to Kubica at the earliest possible opportunity. Nevertheless, it was still described as a harsh penalty because Kubica had been forced out of the race with driveshaft problems before the de la Rosa-Sutil incident. Charlie Whiting, the FIA's race director, later told reporters that Alonso and Ferrari had been advised to yield to Kubica as soon as the Spaniard had passed the Renault, and twice more after that before the penalty was issued. Ferrari later released a timeline of the Alonso-Kubica pass and following events, showing that Charlie Whiting had told them he "had to look at pictures" and did not recommend Alonso return the position until a full two minutes after the controversial pass (critically after Alonso had already passed Alguersuari). The decision not to allow Kubica pass immediately after was a key moment in the championship, the lost points ultimately cost Alonso the championship.

Paragraph 23: In 1836, Major George H. Crosman, United States Army, who was convinced from his experiences in the American Indian Wars in Florida that camels would be useful as beasts of burden, encouraged the War Department to use camels for transportation. In 1848 or earlier, Major Henry C. Wayne conducted a more detailed study and recommended importation of camels to the War Department. Wayne's opinions agreed with those of then Senator Jefferson Davis of Mississippi. Davis was unsuccessful until he was appointed as Secretary of War in 1853 by President Franklin Pierce. When US forces were required to operate in arid and desert regions, the President and Congress began to take the idea seriously. Davis found the Army needed to improve transportation in the southwestern US, which he and most observers thought a great desert. In his annual report for 1854, Davis wrote, "I again invite attention to the advantages to be anticipated from the use of camels and dromedaries for military and other purposes..." On March 3, 1855, the US Congress appropriated $30,000 () for the project. A report entitled "Purchase of Camels for the Purpose of Military Transportation" was issued by Davis in 1857.

Paragraph 24: McEwing was named manager of the Charlotte Knights, the White Sox Triple-A affiliate, for the 2011 season. In October 2011, McEwing was promoted to serve as the third base coach for the White Sox in 2012, serving under new manager Robin Ventura. Several managerial and coaching positions opened up shortly before the end of the 2011 season when then White Sox manager Ozzie Guillén announced that he would be leaving. McEwing was promoted from third base coach to bench coach for the 2017 season and continued to occupy that job until 2020 when the White Sox hired Miguel Cairo. On December 1, 2020, McEwing was named third base coach. 

Paragraph 25: While on patrol, Cecil J. Doyle several times rescued downed aviators, and on 27 May 1945, bombarded a bypassed Japanese garrison on Koror Island.  On 2 August, she was ordered to the rescue of a large group of men in rafts reported at 11°30' N., 133°30' E., and bent on top speed to be the first ship to reach the survivors of the torpedoed cruiser . Her commanding officer, W. Graham Claytor Jr., approached at night and turned searchlights on the water and straight up on low clouds, lighting up the night and exposing his ship to possible attack by Japanese submarines. Captain Claytor ordered his Communications Officer Lieutenant James A. Fite, Jr. to inform command that they were rescuing the crew of Indianapolis; this was the first definitive message of the fate of Indianapolis.  She rescued 93 survivors, and gave final rites to 21 found already dead.  Remaining in the area searching until 8 August, Cecil J. Doyle was the last to leave the scene.  While only 316 men were rescued out of the crew of 1,196 aboard Indianapolis, Captain Claytor's actions were widely credited by survivors with preventing an even greater loss of life.

Paragraph 26: The A's managed only five hits off of Grimes in Game 1, but all were for extra bases and each produced a run in five different innings. Al Simmons and Mickey Cochrane hit solo home runs for the A's, helping Lefty Grove to a 5–2 win. The A's struck first in the bottom of the second when Jimmie Foxx tripled and scored on Bing Miller's sacrifice fly. The Cardinals loaded the bases in the third on three straight leadoff singles, then Taylor Douthit's lineout and Sparky Adams's sacrifice fly scored a run each. Simmons's home run in the fourth tied the game. In the sixth, Max Bishop walked with one out and scored on Foxx's double. Next inning, Mule Haas tripled with one out and scored on Joe Boley's groundout. Cochrane's eighth inning home run gave the A's their last run of the game.

Paragraph 27: By the end of 1775, during the first year of the American Revolutionary War, the Second Continental Congress operated as a de facto war government, who had authorized the creation of the Continental Army, the Continental Navy, and even a small contingent of Continental Marines. A new flag was needed to represent both the Congress and the United Colonies, with a banner distinct from the British Red Ensign flown from civilian and merchant vessels, the White Ensign of the British Royal Navy, and the Flag of Great Britain carried on land by the British army. The emerging states had been using their own independent flags, with Massachusetts using the Taunton Flag, and New York using the George Rex Flag, prior to the adoption of united colors.Americans first hoisted the Grand Union Flag on the colonial warship , in the harbor on the western shore of the Delaware River at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on 3 December 1775, under the command of the new appointed Lieutenant John Paul Jones of the formative Continental Navy. The event was documented in letters to Congress and eyewitness accounts. The flag was also used by the Continental Army forces as both a naval ensign, and as a garrison flag throughout 1776 and early 1777.

Paragraph 28: The permanent council established at the instance of the Russian government (1773–1788) served as the highest administrative tribunal, and occupied itself with the elaboration of a plan that would make practicable the reorganization of Poland on a more rational basis. The progressive elements in Polish society recognized the urgency of popular education as the very first step toward reform. In 1773 the Society of Jesus in Poland was abolished by Pope Clement XIV, who thus freed Polish youth from the demoralizing influences of Jesuitism. The famous Komisja Edukacji Narodowej ("Commission of National Education"), first Ministry of Education in the world, was established in 1773 and founded numerous new schools and remodeled the old ones. One of the members of the commission, kanclerz Andrzej Zamoyski, along with others, demanded that the inviolability of their persons and property should be guaranteed and that religious toleration should be to a certain extent granted them; but he insisted that Jews living in the cities should be separated from the Christians, that those of them having no definite occupation should be banished from the kingdom, and that even those engaged in agriculture should not be allowed to possess land. On the other hand, some szlachta and intellectuals proposed a national system of government, of the civil and political equality of the Jews. This was the only example in modern Europe before the French Revolution of tolerance and broad-mindedness in dealing with the Jewish question. On 3 May 1791 the Great Sejm passed the second oldest constitution of the world, the Polish Constitution of 3 May. But all these reforms were too late. Through the intrigues and bribery of Catherine II of Russia the Confederation of Targowica was formed, to which belonged the adherents of the old order of things. A Russian army invaded Poland, and soon after a Prussian one followed.

Paragraph 29: He entered in 1978 the Antwerp conservatory to study early music and recorder.  He graduated 4 years later and he then decided to study contemporary music and jazz at the Liège conservatory.  Frederic Rzewski, Henri Pousseur and Garrett List were among his teachers.  In 1986 Defoort released his first recording with his quintet Diva Smiles.  The next year, he went to New York to study at New York Long Island University, Brooklyn.  He recorded there with Vincent Herring and Jack DeJohnette.  On his return in 1991, he founded his own ensemble named K.D.'s Pretty Big Basement Party.  The following year, he recorded the first CD for De Werf label (based in Bruges) with K. D.'s Basement Party.  They toured in France, Belgium and the Netherlands in 1991 and then released a CD called "Sketches of Belgium" the next year, a reference to Miles Davis's "Sketches of Spain".  The album, the first edited by De Werf, included an instrumental cover of Sting's Roxanne as well as two songs written by Thelonious Monk.  In 1995 Defoort composed (with Fabrizio Cassol) the Variations on a Love Supreme.  Defoort took part in the Octurn project in 1996 (he had already composed their 1994 album) and began to play with Mark Turner.  A year later he recorded with Aka Moon on Elohim.  He then formed a new ensemble (Dreamtime). He also has his own quartet with Mark Turner (tenor saxophone), Nicolas Thys (bass guitar and double bass) and Jim Black (drums).

Paragraph 30: The change in attitude was reflected in the development of Temple Bar, one of the few parts of Dublin that survived the destruction of medieval streets by the developers of the Georgian era. It retained its original medieval street plan. As late as the mid 1980s, Temple Bar was seen as a poor, run down segment of the city, stretching in terms of length from the Old Houses of Parliament in College Green to Parliament Street, which faced City Hall, and which in terms of width stretched from Dame Street to the city quays. In the 1970s, Córas Iompair Éireann (CIÉ), the state transport company, bought up many of the buildings in this area, with a view to building a large modern central bus station on the site. This would replace the medieval streets and buildings (while the street pattern was medieval, most of the buildings were not, dating from the eighteenth or nineteenth century) by one large bus station with a shopping centre attached. However, delays in providing the financing led CIÉ to rent out the buildings at nominal rents. Most of the buildings were rented by artists, producing a sudden and unexpected appearance of a 'cultural quarter' that earned comparisons with Paris's Left Bank. Though CIÉ remained nominally committed to its planned redevelopment, the vibrancy of the Temple Bar area led to demands for its preservation. By the late 1980s, the bus station plans were abandoned and a master plan put in place to maintain the Temple Bar's position as Dublin's cultural heartland.