Paragraph 1: In the early 1990s the Autococker quickly rose to become one of the most popular markers used by top professional teams, used by such teams as Bob Long's original Ironmen. Although heavily criticized for reliability and a number of design defects, it proved to be an easy platform to work off and aftermarket parts soon appeared shortly after its inception. One of the most fundamental and important upgrades was the Palmer "Rock" low pressure regulator (LPR) to replace the troublesome stock LPR. With a variety of options appearing for parts, Belsales in the UK became the first company to build WGP-certified aftermarket cockers, called "Evolution" in 1993. Throughout the remainder of the 1990s, dozens of shops ranging from large notables such as Dave Youngblood Enterprises (Dye), Shocktech, Planet Eclipse, Belsales and FreeFlow down to small one man pro-shop operations made a business of servicing and customizing Autocockers with price tags of nearly $2000 for high-end models. A combination of performance, upgradeability and cosmetic options made it one of the top tournament markers of the 90's. Only the Automag rivaled it in popularity until electronic markers appeared. Indeed, the autococker was so ubiquitous that its barrel threading became one of the most commonly used standards on high-end markers (akin to how firearm cartridge sizes are often named for the first popular gun model or manufacturer to use them). To this day, most high-end markers, and many entry-level as well, accept barrels with "autococker threads".

Paragraph 2: E. nerine Frr. (= goante H Schaff (37 a, b). The upperside dark black-brown with slight gloss. The red-brown transverse band of the forewing is posteriorly interrupted by the veins, forming 3—4 basally somewhat pointed spots; sometimes the band is continuous, which is nearly always the case in the male. There are 2 white-centred black ocelli anteriorly in the band. The band is interrupted by the veins on the hindwing and bears 3 smaller ocelli. The forewing beneath bright russet-red, darker towards the base, the costal and distal margins being black-brown: the ocelli as above. The hindwing beneath dark brown as far as the centre, this area being bordered by a whitish grey narrow band which is somewhat sinuate near its centre; the ocelli in the lighter distal area are mostly indicated by small black-bordered white dots, which are sometimes absent. The ground-colour of the female is lighter, the band of the forewing broader and russet-yellow, the 2 eyes at the apex larger and usually confluent , there being often two additional smaller ocelli towards the hindmargin. The ocelli placed in the band of the hindwing are also larger and have conspicuous white pupils. The forewing beneath is light russet-yellow, darkened towards the base, the costal and distal margins grey-brown, the apex dusted with white-grey The hindwing beneath white grey irrorated with brown atoms; the white-grey band, which limits the dark basal area, contrasts distinctly. The fringes chequered in the female, the distal margin of the hindwing slightly dentate. In the Central and Southern Alps, northward to the Fern Pass and Scharnitz Valley. — reichlini H Schaff  (= styx Frr.), from the Bavarian Alps, Reichenhall and the Glockner district, is usually somewhat larger than the first described form. The band of the forewing is strongly reduced. The hindwing with 3 small ocelli in russet red spots. — italica Frey from the Alps of Wallis and North Italy, is a transition from nerine towards reichlini. — In stelviana [now synonym of Erebia pluto Curo, from Bormo, the red band of the forewing is continuous, the underside  devoid of ocelli, being paler and basally but indistinctly dusted with white. — morula Esp. from southern slopes of the Eastern Alps, is smaller and darker, the ocelli are but faintly ringed with reddish yellow. Hindwing beneath with the basal half dark brown, the distal area being lighter and bearing 3 white pupils. In South Tirol, Seiser Alp. — nerine flies in various dispersed localities, from the end of June to August in shady places of the forest region up to more than 5000 ft.

Paragraph 3: High Shincliffe can be characterised as a dormitory suburb of Durham City. There is a small, well-regarded, primary school, a recreational park with a playing field with equipment for young children, a public house, a public telephone box and several bus stops. There used to be a sub Post Office at Bank Top which also served as a small general store - since 2019 it has been Betty Bee's coffee shop. The nearest shops and Post Office are in Bowburn, about a mile to the south. The nearest public lending library is also in Bowburn, although the Clayport Library in Durham has a wider range of books and facilities.

Paragraph 4: Nonda's first major show was in 1952 at the Parnassus Gallery in Athens.  He exhibited a series of explicit nudes, violent, and highly erotic, crammed with images of Paris and its more liberated women, as well as the series of Femmes Chapeautées  which would be shown the same year at the Zaharias gallery.  The Parnassus show generated an immediate scandal.  Alongside the academic early work and the expressive cardboard models of Montmartre tenements, he hung a series of huge canvases depicting the end of love and youth, the sexual perversion of the misogynist, lesbian orgies, and the frightening satyr-lover figure which he used to portray himself.  The largest works were over three meters tall, executed on canvas in bold oil and completely dominated the space.  Interspersed were the smaller nudes in plaster frames. The opening was so shocking to certain Athenians that the police, urged by the board of directors at the Parnassus venue, immediately ordered the show closed and padlocked the doors. The charge was “offense of public decency”.  Like Modigliani's first one-man show in Paris, it had reached the classic impasse, the clash of a conservative authority with an independent and free thinking artist. In a sarcastic and historically loaded gesture, he collected an armful of fresh fig leaves from the suburbs and pinned a leaf over the genitalia of each of the figures. Others, considered even more offensive, were veiled with black curtains. With this new, somewhat comic amendment, the show reopened and as one would expect, the scandal generated a huge amount of attention by creating one of the first real censorship issues for a Greek artist in the Post war period.  The event was unprecedented in Athens, and the images, as well as the artist's response, captured the interest of the city. Here was a young artist reported to have made great advances in Paris,  and commanded the respect of more traditional artists such as Galanis and Vikatos, but with his first real show had managed to scandalize the city with art that was deemed by many to be dangerous, pornographic and “degenerate.” Thousands of viewers stood in lines that circled the block on Christou Lada Street to see the infamous nudes and the renaissance style “cover up”.   Even the controversial King Constantine and Queen Frederika paid a special visit to the show to view the paintings.  The Athenian newspapers were polarized on this issue of censorship and crammed with vitriolic letters by academics and other well known poets and writers as a drawn out debate concerning the art in question commenced.  In an open letter published in the national paper Nonda writes, “…my soul is filled with bitterness because I have found “Art on the Run” in the proverbial “City of Art and Culture”, I raise protest against the cultural and artistic circles in Athens.”  Spiros Vikatos, his former teacher in the Academy, stood by the young painter’s work and supported him against the attacks, as did other more progressive artists and writers such as the novelist Stratis Mirivilis, who wrote a heavily satiric article about the censors in the leading Athens newspaper.  These first shows in Athens, although scandalous, had also received rave reviews. There were articles in all the national Greek newspapers praising the remarkable Greek painter who was to “triumph in Paris” but the fiasco concerning his allegedly pornographic art was the beginning of a troubled relationship with the city of his birth.  Nonda was to prove difficult for the Athenian circles.

Paragraph 5: In a May 17, 2010, article in The Daily Bruin, writer Tyler Dosaj noted that numbers of both supporters and critics of the protest movement were increasing: "The Facebook group is 35,000 strong. To compare, the anti-Draw Mohammed Day group is almost 30,000 strong. Both are gaining members rapidly." In a May 18, 2010 article, "Why We're Having an Everybody Draw Mohammed Contest on Thursday May 20", Reason editor Nick Gillespie explained: "No one has a right to an audience or even to a sympathetic hearing, much less an engaged audience. But no one should be beaten or killed or imprisoned simply for speaking their mind or praying to one god as opposed to the other or none at all or getting on with the small business of living their life in peaceful fashion. If we cannot or will not defend that principle with a full throat, then we deserve to choke on whatever jihadists of all stripes can force down our throats." Gillespie asserted, "Our Draw Mohammed contest is not a frivolous exercise of hip, ironic, hoolarious sacrilege toward a minority religion in the United States (though even that deserves all the protection that the most serioso political commentary commands). It's a defense of what is at the core of a society that is painfully incompetent at delivering on its promise of freedom, tolerance, and equal rights." As May 20, 2010, came closer, Molly Norris stated she was staying away from being directly involved in the protest movement. Norris told Dave Ross, "I'm against my own concept becoming a reality.... If I had wanted to be taken seriously, I would be thrilled, but now I'm horrified because people did take it as an actual day. The one-off cartoon is not good as a long term plan because it's offensive." Fox News Channel reported that on May 19, 2010, a Facebook group supporting the protest movement had 41,000 members, and The Register reported this increased to 43,000 the same day. Norris told Fox News Channel in a statement on May 19, "It's turned into something completely different, nothing I could've imagined it morphing into. I'm happy some people are talking, because obviously this needs to be addressed." By May 20, the Toronto Sun reported that both the "Everybody Draw Mohammed Day" group and the "Against 'Everybody Draw Mohammed Day'" Facebook group protesting against the initiative had attracted more than 100,000 supporters, at 101,870 members and 106,000 members respectively.

Paragraph 6: A third club named Clydebank F.C. were formed in 1914. Playing their home games at Clydeholm they immediately joined the Scottish Football League, but by 1931 they had disbanded. In 1964 the owners of East Stirlingshire F.C., Jack and Charlie Steedman, merged the Falkirk-based team with Clydebank Juniors, naming the new entity East Stirlingshire Clydebank F.C.. ES Clydebank inherited East Stirlingshire's place in Division Two and played their home games at New Kilbowie. The merge, which was opposed by fans of both clubs, lasted only one season, with East Stirlingshire shareholders winning several court cases against it. East Stirlingshire reverted to its original legal status and moved back to Falkirk, parting company with the Steedman brothers.

Paragraph 7: The Air Force Fire Protection Badge is worn on the lower left breast pocket of a military uniform. The badge is similar in appearance to the Air Force Security Police Badge. The Fire Protection career field falls under Civil Engineering. All Air Force Fire Protection Specialists are also awarded the Civil Engineer Occupational Badge, which stays with the Airman throughout his or her career. Other branches of the U.S. military have not authorized a specific firefighter badge for wear of military uniforms.  Only Air Force personnel are authorized to wear a firefighter badge on Air Force uniforms (highly polished metal for dress uniforms, subdued green for BDU, subdued tan for DCU).

Paragraph 8: In the context of analyses of the soft power potential in Africa, Vogt accepted in February 2018 the invitation of the Personal Africa Representative of the Federal Chancellor and Africa Representative of the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development, Günter Nooke, on a delegation journey "On the Cultural and Religious Dimension of Sustainability" to Ghana and Cameroon, and organized the return visit of twelve traditional authorities from sub-Saharan Africa (Cameroon, Benin, Gabon) to the Free State of Saxony in June 2018. In the run-up to a media public discussion between the Africa Representative and the Association of Professors in African Languages on 13 February 2019, the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development asked Vogt for an assessment of the letter of 15 November 2018, addressed personally to the Federal Minister with numerous word mistakes and in which the Association had called for Nooke to be dismissed. Only the analysis, coordinated with two other colleagues, showed that the chairman of the association had copied an "open letter" from Cologne of 14.11.2018 (presumably a student's letter in view of the mistakes) by copy&paste and converted it into a personally addressed letter to the Federal Minister , using her official address at the University of Hamburg, without stating the copy&paste borrowing from students. This is problematic in the sense of the DFG guidelines on good scientific behaviour (quod licet bovi, non licet Iovi), but is at most an internal matter of the University of Hamburg, not of the Federal Government. The report therefore recommended not to inform the public about the assessment, only the Hamburg professor and her university. The BMZ's request of 08.02.2019 for an evaluation of the professors' association's letter was triggered by a press invitation of 07.02.2019 from the association which had not been coordinated with the BMZ. In this invitation, the chairman of the association had repeated the accusations of 15.11.2018, which was tantamount to a prejudgement of Nookes before the discussion and questioned the meaning of the discussion. In a concluding note Vogt summed up (following Thomas Bauer: Die Vereindeutigung der Welt, 2018): "The 'causa' Nooke is exemplary for post-factual hypability, as it is called in New German. This means testing how - in a right-left shortening tunnel and detached from the factual situation - in our beautiful and perhaps precisely for this reason so often agitated country attention can be hedged. A fact-based MINT thinking like that of Günter Nooke, however, is not per se a right thinking, a humanities thinking open to polyvalences like that of the Africanists is not automatically a left thinking. And both are not incompatible either. In the theory of resilience, the Federal Republic finds itself in a highly dangerous, simplifying reduction and interlocking trap. The political extreme margins profit most from this trap".

Paragraph 9: He appears in 1511 as a supporter of the pope against the claims of the Council of Pisa (1511–1512), called by dissident cardinals to punish Pope Julius II, who had ignored the electoral capitulations he had accepted before being elected.  Cajetan composed in defense of his position the Tractatus de Comparatione auctoritatis Papæ et conciliorum ad invicem. Jacques Almain answered this work, and Cajetan replied in his Apologia.  Cajetan refused to accept Almain's argument that the Church's polity had to be similar to a lay regime, complete with limits on the ruler. At the Fifth Lateran Council (1512–17) which Pope Julius II set up in opposition to that of Pisa, De Vio played the leading role. During the second session of the council, in which he gave the opening oration, he brought about a decree recognizing the superiority of papal authority to that of councils.

Paragraph 10: Kaelin was born on March 9, 1959, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Kaelin was nicknamed "Kato" as a child after the character played by Bruce Lee on the television series The Green Hornet. He graduated from Nicolet High School in Glendale, Wisconsin, in 1977. He attended, but never graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. He pledged the SAE Fraternity in the fall of 1980 and was accepted at the end of the term at California State University, Fullerton. During his time at Eau Claire he created his own talk show, Kato and Friends, and hosted The Gameshow on the campus television station, TV10. He eventually moved to Hollywood.

Paragraph 11:  1843: Alexander Keith, The Land of Israel, According to the Covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob: Palestine abounding in cultivated and flourishing regions, has several great cities which rival each other in their excellence, viz. Caesarea, Eleutheropolis, Neapolis, Askelon, and Gaza. The region beyond the Jordan, donominated Arabia, is rich in the variety of the merchandise of which it is full; it has besides other large towns the cities of Bostra, Gerasa, and Philadelphia, which the solidity of their walls renders most secure (Ammianus Marcellinus, lib. xiv. cap. viii.). [...] In Palestine, sesamum abounds, from which they procure oil, and dourra (a kind of pulse) as good as that of Egypt. Maize thrives in the light soil of Baalbec; and even rice is cultivated with success on the borders of the marshy countries of Havula. They have lately begun to cultivate sugar-canes in the gardens of Saide and of Beyrout, equal to those of the Delta. Indigo grows without cultivation on the banks of the Jordan, in the country of Bisan, and needs but care to improve the quality. Tobacco is now cultivated throughout all the mountains. As for trees, the olive of Provence grows at Antioch, and at Ramla, to the height of the beech. In the white mulberry-tree consists the wealth of the whole country of the Druses, by the beautiful silk which it produces; while the vine, supported by poles, or winding about the oaks, supplies grapes, which afford red and white wines equal to those of Bourdeaux. The water-melons of Jaffa are preferred before the very fine water melons of Broulas. Gaza produces dates like Mecca, and pomegranates like Algiers. Tripoli affords oranges like Malta. Beyrout, figs like Marseilles, and bananas like St Domingo. Aleppo has the (not) exclusive advantage of producing pistachios. And Damascus justly boasts of possessing all the fruits known in the provinces: its stony soil suits equally the apples of Normandy, the plums of Touraine, and the peaches of Paris. Twenty sorts of apricots aro enumerated there, the stone of one of which contains a kernel highly valued throughout Turkey. The cochineal plant, which grows on all that coast contains, perhaps, that precious insect in as high perfection as it is found in Mexico and St Domingo; and if we consider that the mountains of Yemen, which produce such excellent coffee are only a continuation of those of Syria, and that their soil and climate are almost the same, we shall be induced to believe that in Judea particularly, might be easily cultivated this valuable production of Arabia. "With these advantages of climate and soil, it is not surprising that Syria should always have been reckoned a most delicious country and that the Greeks and Romans esteemed it among the most beautiful of their provinces and equal even to Egypt" (Volney's Trav. vol. i. pp. 316–321. English translation).

Paragraph 12: The Royalist troops pursued fleeing troops from the battle into the town, and cut down and killed any men they found within it, according to the chronicler John Spalding, who was present. The violence went on for several days. Goods were looted, women raped, and at least 118 (according to Spalding) and perhaps as many as 160 (according to Alexander Jaffray, who was also at the battle) people were killed, including three members of the town council and a large number of tradesmen and ordinary residents. Spalding recorded that the townspeople eventually took to wearing a twist of oats in their bonnets, the Royalists' badge, in an attempt to deflect the attentions of the marauding troops. "Ilk ane had in his cap or bonnet a rip of oats, whilk was his sign, our town's people began to wear the like in their bonnets, and to knit them to the knocks of our yetts, but it was little safeguard to us, albeit we used the same for a protection". The episode did severe damage to the Royalist cause, particularly as Aberdeen had been in general sympathetic to the Royalists, and eliminated Montrose's chances of recruiting in the area. Despite the Royalist victory, this was probably the most significant outcome of the battle overall.

Paragraph 13: Avi has written 80 books, almost entirely for children and young adults. Along with The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle, he has written books for different age groups and in many different genres including historical fiction, fantasies, graphic novels, comedies, mysteries, ghost stories, adventure tales, realistic fiction, and picture books.  Avi has won awards for some of his books, including a Newbery Honor for The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle in 1991 and another for Nothing but the Truth in 1992.  His fiftieth book, Crispin: The Cross of Lead, was awarded the Newbery Medal in 2003. Avi's book Iron Thunder, about the ironclad Monitor and its battle with the CSS Virginia in Hampton Roads, Virginia, was selected as the 2009 Beacon of Freedom Award winner by Williamsburg Regional Library and Colonial Williamsburg Foundation. In 2006, Avi wrote a sequel to Crispin:  The Cross of Lead  titled Crispin: At the Edge of the World. In the third part of the series, Crispin: The End of Time was published in 2010. His most recent novels, Catch You Later, Traitor and Old Wolf were met with critical success. In 2016, a collection of short stories was published by Candlewick Press, The Most Important Thing: Stories about Sons, Fathers, and Grandfathers.

Paragraph 14: In  and  Moses called on God to remember God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to deliver the Israelites from God's wrath after the incident of the Golden Calf. Similarly, God remembered Noah to deliver him from the flood in ; God promised to remember God's covenant not to destroy the Earth again by flood in ; God remembered Abraham to deliver Lot from the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah in ; God remembered Rachel to deliver her from childlessness in ; God remembered God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob to deliver the Israelites from Egyptian bondage in  and ; God promised to "remember" God's covenant with Jacob, Isaac, and Abraham to deliver the Israelites and the Land of Israel in ; the Israelites were to blow upon their trumpets to be remembered and delivered from their enemies in ; Samson called on God to deliver him from the Philistines in ; Hannah prayed for God to remember her and deliver her from childlessness in 1 Samuel  and God remembered Hannah's prayer to deliver her from childlessness in ; Hezekiah called on God to remember Hezekiah's faithfulness to deliver him from sickness in  and ; Jeremiah called on God to remember God's covenant with the Israelites to not condemn them in ; Jeremiah called on God to remember him and think of him, and avenge him of his persecutors in ; God promises to remember God's covenant with the Israelites and establish an everlasting covenant in ; God remembers the cry of the humble in Zion to avenge them in Psalm; David called upon God to remember God's compassion and mercy in ; Asaph called on God to remember God's congregation to deliver them from their enemies in ; God remembered that the Israelites were only human in ; Ethan the Ezrahite called on God to remember how short Ethan's life was in ; God remembers that humans are but dust in ; God remembers God's covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob in ; God remembers God's word to Abraham to deliver the Israelites to the Land of Israel in ; the Psalmist calls on God to remember him to favor God's people, to think of him at God's salvation, that he might behold the prosperity of God's people in ; God remembered God's covenant and repented according to God's mercy to deliver the Israelites in the wake of their rebellion and iniquity in ; the Psalmist calls on God to remember God's word to God's servant to give him hope in ; God remembered us in our low estate to deliver us from our adversaries in ; Job called on God to remember him to deliver him from God's wrath in ; Nehemiah prayed to God to remember God's promise to Moses to deliver the Israelites from exile in ; and Nehemiah prayed to God to remember him to deliver him for good in .

Paragraph 15: The son of Jean, Duke of Guise, Henri was forbidden to enter France for much of his life. Nonetheless, he remained devoted to serving France, having enlisted in the French Foreign Legion and fighting in World War II and the Algerian War. After being permitted to re-enter France in 1950, he soon became heavily engaged in French monarchist politics. Henri worked to restore the French monarchy, in a parliamentary form, and discussed the topic with Charles de Gaulle. He received notable support from French monarchists, but all attempts to restore the monarchy ultimately failed. Upon his death in 1999, his son Henri succeeded him as Head of the House of Orléans.

Paragraph 16: In the 1820s and 1830s immigrants from New England began moving to what is now Michigan in large numbers (though there was a trickle of New England settlers who arrived before this date). These were "Yankee" settlers, that is to say they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England during the colonial era.  While most of them came to Michigan directly from New England, there were many who came from upstate New York. These were people whose parents had moved from New England to upstate New York in the immediate aftermath of the American Revolution. Due to the prevalence of New Englanders and New England transplants from upstate New York, Michigan was very culturally contiguous with early New England culture for much of its early history. The Yankee migration to Michigan was a result of several factors, one of which was the overpopulation of New England. The old stock Yankee population had large families, often bearing up to ten children in one household.  Most people were expected to have their own piece of land to farm, and due to the massive and nonstop population boom, land in New England became scarce as every son claimed his own farmstead.  As a result, there was not enough land for every family to have a self-sustaining farm, and Yankee settlers began leaving New England for the Midwestern United States.  This resulted in Michigan's population expanding rapidly in the 1820s.  The Erie Canal caused such an upsurge in immigration from New England that by 1837 "it seemed as if all New England were coming" according to one pioneer.  New England families considered it a route to the "promised land".  As a result of this heritage, the New England element of Michigan's population would remain culturally and politically dominant for a long time.

Paragraph 17: Hank the Cowdog is a long-running, ongoing series of children's books written by John R. Erickson and illustrated by Gerald L. Holmes. The books follow Hank, a dog that views himself as the "Head of Ranch Security". Hank suffers a superiority complex, and thinks he is smarter than everybody else. His intelligence is limited to that of the average dog. In each book Hank and other characters must deal with several events, issues and mysteries that occur at their Texas Panhandle home in Ochiltree County. The name of the ranch is never mentioned in any of the stories.  The series began in 1982, with a couple of short stories about Hank and his friends; since then, 79 printed books and seven audio-only books have been published. Hank the Cowdog was previously  published via Maverick Books, with Puffin Books holding the current American publishing rights in English.  Each book features songs that Erickson performs on the audiobook editions. The series has received awards and critical acclaim, and the books have sold more than eight million copies worldwide. It has been published in several languages including Spanish, Danish, Persian, and Chinese. In the 1980s, the first book was adapted into an animated segment for CBS Storybreak.

Paragraph 18: The fudai Sakai clan originated in 14th century Mikawa Province. They claim descent from Minamoto no Arichika. Arichika had two sons; one of them, Yasuchika, took the name of Matsudaira, while the other son, Chikauji, took the name of Sakai. Chikauji is the ancestor of the Sakai clan. Sakai Hirochika, Chikauji's son, had two sons as well, and the descendants of these two sons gave rise to the two principal branches of the clan. The senior branch was founded by Sakai Tadatsugu (1527–1596). Tadatsugu, a vassal of Tokugawa Ieyasu, was charged with the defense of Yoshida Castle in Mikawa Province. In 1578, Sakai Ietsugu (1564–1619) succeeded to his father's role as defender of Yoshida Castle.  The Ie- in the beginning of Ietsugu's name was a special honor bestowed by Tokugawa Ieyasu, who intended to emphasize bonds of loyalty with those who were allowed to share in any part of his name. When Ieyasu's holdings were transferred to the Kantō region in 1590, Ietsugu was installed at Usui Domain (30,000 koku) in Kōzuke Province, but, in 1604, he was moved to Takasaki Domain (50,000 koku). In 1616, he was again moved to Takada Domain (100,000 koku), this time in Echigo Province. In 1619, he was moved to Matsushiro Domain in Shinano Province; and then, from 1622 to 1868, he was installed at Tsuruoka Domain (120,000 koku) in Dewa Province. The Sakai of Tsuruoka (which later grew to 170,000 koku) in Dewa Province were prominent in the late Edo period as a military power. Charged with the safety of Edo, they were patrons of the Shinchogumi police force, and were very effective in their duties. Following the surrender of Edo, the Sakai withdrew and returned north to their domain, where they were active in the northern theater of the Boshin War, as well as becoming signatories to the pact that created the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei in 1868. The head of this clan line was ennobled as a "Count" in the Meiji period.

Paragraph 19: After much speculation about whether or not the Silverbacks would leave the CIFL and join the Ultimate Indoor Football League, the Silverbacks management made an announcement that they would be staying in the CIFL and helping the league rebuild after losing its top two teams from the 2011 season. Coach Derrick Shepard resigned at the end of the 2011 season. On September 8, 2011, Mister Askew was named the 6th coach in Silverbacks history. On February 9, 2012, it was announced that Silverbacks Football LLC, in which Jeff Kolaczkowski of Dayton acted as president of that organization, decided they would be stepping out of the world of football and selling the team to an ownership group. The Dayton Silverbacks were sold to MRL Sports Entertainment LLC. There are currently three members on the ownership board for MRL Sports Entertainment LLC and all three board members were current members of the Dayton Silverbacks front office staff. Those members were Michael Lause, April Shellenberger and Tyree Fields. On March 1, just ten days before the season started, the Silverback fired Head Coach Mister Askew. The reasons for his termination have yet to be determined. The team hired James Scott, a former player for the Silverbacks, and Askew's Defensive Coordinator, to be the team's Head Coach. More trouble came before the season started, as Fields left the team in all capacities, leaving only Lause and Shellenberger. Then after one week of the season, Lause left the team as well for reasons that are unknown. Shelleberger was left as the lone person in charge and eventually reached out to a silent partial owner, Corwyn Thomas, to help provide financial support to get the team through the season. Corwyn stepped in and paid the absolute bare minimum to get things done, even making the team travel in a school bus to the championship game. Despite all the off the field distractions, the Silverbacks put together the best season in franchise history, clinching a winning record for the first time ever with a 62-15 win of the Indianapolis Enforcers on April 14. The Silverbacks would finish the season 8-1, with their lone loss coming to the undefeated Saginaw Sting. Their second-place finish was critical after the CIFL cut the playoffs from 4 teams to just 2, moving the Silverbacks into the 2012 CIFL Championship Game against the Sting. Silverbacks scored just 7 points, in what was the lowest scoring CIFL Championship Game in league history, with a final score of 7-35. After all the success the team had through the season, Mr Thomas decided he didn’t want to continue utilizing the Silverback name in an attempt to distance himself from financial obligations left by Michael Lause of MRL Entertainment. Corwyn folded the Silverback name and switched to the Dayton Sharks name and then fired the GM and attempted to strap her with the leftover Silverback debts.

Paragraph 20: Contrary to the 1950s, the 1970s are considered an era of "artistic travesti 'uncover'" (Spanish: "destape"), which began with the arrival of a Brazilian travesti who performed in a well-known theater in Buenos Aires. Her show paved the way door to later performances by local travestis. According to Solís, the use of the term travesti began to be used in the 1960s, initially as a way to refer to the cross-dressing and transsexual performers who came from abroad to do shows. In 1963, French entertainer Coccinelle visited Buenos Aires to perform at the Teatro Maipo and made a big impact among local mariconas. Solís told researcher María Soledad Cutuli in 2013: "Beginning with Coccinelle (...) there is a whole opening, something new that is coming. A lot of 'siliconized' [performers] came, plastic surgeries; social openness, (...) new opportunities for mariconas, 'the travesti artist' is inaugurated. (...) From then on a new way of life opened. (...) The culture of the puto artist, all of them were already walking around with cotton stuffing to make their breasts, and they were already going out to sing, to dance..." The stage became the only place where travestis could publicly dress as women, as it was forbidden to do so on the streets. Around 1964, travesti artists—at that time named lenci, in reference to a type of cloth, because they "were like little rag dolls"—met at an apartment on Avenida Callao, where they rehearsed musical acts and prepared to go out to nightclubs or theaters shows. Since the use of silicone had not yet become widespread, they resorted to the use of female hormones to "be able to show their breasts on stage as aesthetically as possible". According to writer Daniela Vizgarra: "If you didn't have an Anovlar 21 in your makeup bag, apparently you were nonexistent." Travestis emulated a contoured figure—which emphasized breasts and buttocks—through paddings called truquis, piu-piú or colchón (), first using cotton fabrics and later foam rubber. While padding had been in use since at least the 1950s, the arrival of lycra in the 1960s allowed them to "build more realistic physical contours." The feminine beauty ideal put forward by American television also included small and pointed noses but, as surgeries were too expensive, most travestis settled for temporary arrangements, resorting to the use of glue and objects that could emulate a prosthesis. María Belén Correa argues that the emergence of travesti stage performers such Vanessa Show, Evelyn, Brigitte Gambini and Ana Lupe Chaparro in the 1960s and 1970s constituted "another way of activism". According to Evelyn—one of the first people to popularize transformismo in the theater scene—the "first travestis to appear in Buenos Aires" were a group called Les Girls in 1972, followed by Vanessa Show and Ana Lupez. She also mentioned the travestis of the "following era", which included Graciela Scott, Claudia Prado and herself, who debuted in 1977.

Paragraph 21: This disaster affected a total of fourteen regions. The Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise 572 islands (land masses at low and high tide), of which 38 are inhabited by people from the mainland and indigenous tribes. The islands were just north of the earthquake epicentre, and the tsunami reached a height of  in the southern Nicobar Islands. The official death toll was 1,310, with about 5,600 missing. The unofficial death toll (including those missing and presumed dead) was estimated at 7,000. This ocean earthquake goes down in history as the deadliest of all time. It took the lives of over 230,000 victims throughout the fourteen regions and wounded more than double this number.

Paragraph 22: In the reign of Catherine I, he became a member of the Supreme Privy Council, which had the chief conduct of affairs during this and the succeeding reigns. The empress also entrusted him with her last will whereby she appointed the young Peter II her successor and Golovkin one of his guardians. On the death of Peter II in 1730, he declared openly in favour of Anna, duchess of Courland, in opposition to the aristocratic Dolgorukovs and Galitzines, and his determined attitude on behalf of autocracy was the chief cause of the failure of the proposed constitution, which would have converted Russia into a limited monarchy. Under Anna, he was a member of the first cabinet formed in Russia, but had less influence in affairs than Osterman and Munnich.

Paragraph 23:  Collision avoidance AIS was developed by the IMO technical committees as a technology to avoid collisions among large vessels at sea that are not within range of shore-based systems. The technology identifies every vessel individually, along with its specific position and movements, enabling a virtual picture to be created in real time. The AIS standards include a variety of automatic calculations based on these position reports such as Closest Point of Approach (CPA) and collision alarms. As AIS is not used by all vessels, AIS is usually used in conjunction with radar. When a ship is navigating at sea, information about the movement and identity of other ships in the vicinity is critical for navigators to make decisions to avoid collision with other ships and dangers (shoal or rocks). Visual observation (e.g., unaided, binoculars, and night vision), audio exchanges (e.g., whistle, horns, and VHF radio), and radar or automatic radar plotting aid are historically used for this purpose. These preventive mechanisms sometimes fail due to time delays, radar limitations, miscalculations, and display malfunctions, and can result in a collision. While requirements of AIS are to display only very basic text information, the data obtained can be integrated with a graphical electronic chart or a radar display, providing consolidated navigational information on a single display.

Paragraph 24: Starting in 1938, the FCC created 6 MHz wide television channel allocations working around the 5-meter amateur band with channel 2 occupying 50–56 MHz. In 1940, television channel 2 was reallocated to 60 MHz and TV channel 1 was moved to 50–56 MHz maintaining a gap for the 5-meter amateur band. When the US entered World War II, transmissions by amateur radio stations were suspended for the duration of the war. After the war, the 5-meter band was briefly reopened to amateurs from 56–60 MHz until March 1, 1946. At that time the FCC moved television channel 2 down to 54–60 MHz and reallocated channel 1 down to 44–50 MHz opening a gap that would become the Amateur radio 6-meter band in the United States. FCC Order 130-C went into effect at 3 am Eastern Standard Time on March 1, 1946, and created the 6-meter band allocation for the amateur service as 50–54 MHz. Emission types A1, A2, A3 and A4 were allowed for the entire band and special emission for Frequency modulation telephony was allowed from 52.5 to 54 MHz.

Paragraph 25: Following his studies in Montpellier l'Obel set up a medical practice in England (1566–1571), living initially in London, and then in Somerset, near Bristol at the home of his patron, Edward St. Loe. There he was joined in botanical expeditions by Clusius.  On his return to continental Europe, he practised in Antwerp (1571–1581) and then Delft (1581–1584). The period from 1571 to 1596, after his return from England, was one of the most productive in his life, with two major publications. Delft had been the residence of William, Prince of Orange (William the Silent) since 1572, and became the capital of the newly independent Netherlands in 1581. In Delft l'Obel served as personal physician (hofarts) to the Protestant Prince William. The exact date of this appointment is uncertain, but his Kruydtboeck (1581) is dedicated to the Prince, and the title page describes l'Obel as Medecijn der Princ. suggesting it was some time between returning to the Low Countries in 1571 and 1581. His name also appears on a list of court personnel dated 1578. William, however, was assassinated in 1584. Claims that after William's death, l'Obel was employed by the Estates General, the governing body of the Netherlands, have been disputed. Following the assassination l'Obel became a city physician in Middelburg, which was then a prosperous centre of trade and capital of the province of Zeeland. He was responsible for the establishment of a botanical herb garden there, and would have known Ambrosius Bosschaert (1573–1621), the artist, best known for his meticulous flower paintings, who was a member and eventually dean of the Saint Luke’s Guild in Middelburg.

Paragraph 26: Far from denying his South American roots and musical background, including elements from Argentina’s rich folk music and rhythms, Micháns regards them as components of his personality, although not essential to his musical language. On the other hand, sustained exposure to new music from all over the world rarely heard in Argentina, would result in a gradual updating of his regular style (strongly influenced by the free and aggressive dissonances of Bartók and Prokofiev), without breaking with tradition altogether. Never interested in experimentation for its own sake, he nevertheless adopted certain aspects of serialism and minimalism, discovered the music of Olivier Messiaen, Witold Lutoslawski and Henri Dutilleux (to name just a few) and blended his findings into a uniform and distinctive style of his own. More recently, he has added a few Asian elements to his palette, as a result of his frequent visits (both privately and on tour with other musicians) to India and Indonesia. This is particularly evident in his Sinfonia Concertante Nr. 4, the choral work Tirthankara, Purana for saxophone and piano and Dradivian Moods for oboe and string quartet. In his view, any style, culture or period may supply useful material and enrich the grammar of music, and it is up to the composer to select and combine the elements most suited to his needs, in order to configure a widely accessible, yet personal and distinctive language. This new approach is clear in one of Micháns' major piano works, Apparitions, composed for the outstanding Dutch pianist Ronald Brautigam in 1990 and which the composer himself regards as a turning point in his creative career. A few years earlier than Apparitions, the Magnificat for soprano and choir also reflects Micháns' affinity with vocal music and his former training as a choir conductor. Combining rich, dissonant harmonies and a counterpoint with strong roots in polyphonic tradition, it is the first of a long series of works which would gradually establish his name in the Netherlands' rich choral life. Writing almost exclusively on commission, Micháns' output since his arrival in the Netherlands has grown steadily. At present, his catalog includes works for all sorts of instrumental combinations, from solos to major compositions for choir and orchestra. His list of chamber and choral music features a number of titles regularly performed by Dutch and international musicians and ensembles. Several of his compositions, which are published in The Hague by Donemus, have been released on CD. Among the musicians and ensembles of international stature which have performed music by Carlos Micháns are: Isabelle van Keulen (vl.), Ronald Brautigam (pn.), Michael Collins (cl.), Liza Ferschtman (vl.), Tjeerd Top (vl.) Dmitry Ferschtman (vc.), Remy van Kesteren (harp), Arno Bornkamp (sax.), Pieter Wispelwey (vc.), Marcio Carneiro (vc.), Lavinia Meijer (hp.), Udo Reinemann (baritone), Thierry Fischer (cond.), Kenneth Montgomery (cond.), Etienne Siebens (cond.), Utrecht String Quartet, Aurelia Saxophone Quartet, Duo Imaginaire (clarinet & harp), Het Reizend Muziekgezelschap (Amsterdam Chamber Music Society), Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, Orkest van het Oosten, Radio Kamer Filharmonie, Groot Omroepkoor (the major choir of the Dutch Broadcasting Company), Holland Symfonia and Hagen Philharmonisches Orchester (Germany).

Paragraph 27: O it's owre the border awa', awaIt's owre the border awa', awa'''We'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle haWi' its yetts, its castle an' a', an a'.Chorus:Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! our sodger lads looked braw, looked braw,Wi' their tartan kilts an' a', an' a',Wi' their bonnets an' feathers an' glitt'rin' gear,An' pibrochs sounding loud and clear.Will they a' return to their ain dear glen?Will they a' return oor Heilan' men?Second sichted Sandy looked fu' wae.An' mithers grat when they march'd away.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.O! wha' is foremos o' a', o' a',Oh wha' is foremost o' a', o' a',Bonnie Charlie the King o' us a', hurrah!Wi' his hundred pipers an' a', an ' a'.His bonnet and feathers he's waving high,His prancing steed maist seems to fly,The nor' win' plays wi' his curly hair,While the pipers play wi'an unco flare.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.The Esk was swollen sae red an' sae deep,But shouther to shouther the brave lads keep;Twa thousand swam owre to fell English groundAn' danced themselves dry to the pibroch's sound.Dumfoun'er'd the English saw, they saw,Dumfoun'er'd they heard the blaw, the blaw,Dumfoun'er'd they a' ran awa', awa',Frae the hundred pipers an' a', an' a'.Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',Wi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a',We'll up an' gie them a blaw, a blawWi' a hundred pipers, an' a', an' a'.See also

Paragraph 28: According to Robert Vane Russell, many gotras of Hindu religion are of totemic origin which is named after plants, animals, and natural objects. These are universal among tribes but occur also in Hindu castes. The commonest totem names are those of animals, including several which are held sacred by Hindus, as bagh or Nahar, the tiger; bachhas, the calf; murkuria, the peacock; kachhua, the tortoise; nagas, the cobra; hathi, the elephant; bhains, the buffalo; richaria, the bear; Kuliha, the Jackal, Kukura, the dog; kursaal, the deer; Hiran, the black-buck and so on. The utmost variety of names is found, and numerous trees, as well as rice and other crops, salt, sandalwood, cucumber, pepper, and some household implements such as pestle, rolling slab, serve as the names of clans. Thus the name of the rishi Bharadvaja means a lark bird, and Kaushika means descended from Kusha grass, Agastya from Agassi flower, Kashyapa from kachhap a tortoise, Taittiri from titer, partridge bird. Similarly, the origin of other rishis is attributed to animals, Rishyasringa to an antelope, Mandavya to a frog, Kanada to an owl. The usual characteristic of totemism is that the members of a clan regard themselves as related to or descended from, the animals or trees from which the clan takes its name, and abstain from killing or eating them.

Paragraph 29: Following their breakaway, George of Poděbrady secretly supported their invasion into the Comitatus of Nitra and their occupation of the fort of Kosztolány, as the army was composed of Bohemian-Moravian professionals previously in service for George and Frederick III. Apart from the militia, there were religious outcasts (considered heretics) looking for shelter, including Hussite Bratriks ("Brothers" – Hussites in Slovakia/Upper Hungary) and rogue Žebraks who favoured pillaging instead of payment. Svehla established an ad hoc fort, and he appointed Jorig Lichtenburger and Vöttau as comeses for the county. The fort and its looting inhabitants had a surrounding sphere of influence ranging from the valleys of Váh and Nitra to the eastern provinces of Austria. Matthias realized the threat and ordered two of his "upper-land" captains to besiege Kosztolany, namely Stephen Zápolya and Ladislaus Podmaniczky. After returning from Slavonia, the king joined the siege. It is worth mentioning that here, among few occasions, Matthias cooperated with Frederick. He sent a strong-armoured mounted troop led by commander Ulrich von Grafeneck to help wipe out these brigades. When he reached Pozsony (Bratislava), he was reinforced by Knight Georg Pottendorfer with his 600 crusader cavalry. This totaled 8–10 thousand people ready to besiege, who began an assault after taking some minor fortifications on 1 January 1467. The vanguards of the Black Army officers were all present against their former ally. They included the Palatine Michael Ország, Jan Jiskra, Jan Haugwitz, Balázs Magyar, Pál Kinizsi, Nicholaus Ujlaki Ban of Macsó (Mačva), and Peter Sobi Ban of Bosnia-Croatia-Dalmatia, with the latter-most dying in the assault. Before the siege began, Matthias offered Švehla the chance to return to his service in exchange for an unconditional surrender on all grounds. After a refusal, he immediately began the siege and the cannon firing despite the harsh winter conditions. Švehla and his 2,500 men (and additional citizens) resisted the superior besiegers, but food storages reached extremely low levels and all the efforts to break out were unsuccessful, so he decided to capitulate twice to Matthias with the aforementioned taking his revenge in rejecting it. After three weeks, Švehla feigned a breakout attempt in the front while getting out from the rear through a water channel. Though his physically weak and exhausted entourage of 2,000 infantry tried to elude the besieging forces, they were not fast enough to escape safely. Balázs Magyar and Pál Kinizsi rode down to the fort of Csejte (Čachtice), where they clashed. Almost all of the rioters fell, only 250 taken as prisoners. Svehla evaded capture again but was put in custody by peasants by the time he was too debilitated to fight.

Paragraph 30: Returning to England from the tour, Heseltine became a regular member of the Hampshire team. He featured for them fifteen times in 1897, in which he took 41 wickets at an average of 17.29, which included two five wicket hauls. He followed this up with thirteen appearances in 1898 and 25 wickets. However, his best season in terms of number of wickets taken was to be the last in which he regularly featured for Hampshire, with his fourteen appearances in 1899 bringing him 45 wickets, which included his career best figures of 7 for 106 against Derbyshire. He next played for Hampshire in the 1901 County Championship, taking his seventh and final five wicket haul during that season. Heseltine's appearances for Hampshire became less frequent thereafter, with three appearances in 1902 and one apiece in 1903 and 1904. After the turn of the century he appeared in three further first-class matches for the MCC, playing twice in 1902 and once in 1914 against Hampshire at Lord's, which came ten years after his last first-class match. Heseltine also made one appearance for I Zingari in first-class cricket, against the Gentlemen of England in 1904. Playing primarily as a bowler, he made 79 appearances in first-class cricket, taking 170 wickets at an average of 24.50. Wisden noted how by "fully utilising his height, he brought the ball over at the extreme extent of his arm with deadly effect at times", whilst commenting that at occasion "he was inconsistent and required careful nursing because apt to tire". Lord Hawke was of the opinion that he was considered a bowler who sacrificed length for pace. As a right-handed batsman, he scored 1,390 runs at an average of 12.30; he scored three half centuries, with a highest score of 77. Amongst his most notable feats in first-class cricket was to dismiss Bobby Abel for three successive ducks.