Paragraph 1: This was the Yankees' third Series win over the Giants (1923, 1936), finally giving them an overall edge in Series wins over the Giants with three Fall Classic wins to the Giants' two (after they lost the  and 1922 Series to the Giants). Currently (), the St. Louis Cardinals are the only "Classic Eight" National League (1900–1961) team to hold a Series edge over the Bronx Bombers, with three wins to the Yankees' two. The 1937 victory by the Yankees also broke a three-way tie among themselves, the Philadelphia Athletics and the Boston Red Sox for the most World Series wins all-time (five each). By the time the Athletics and Red Sox each won their sixth World Series (in 1972 and 2004, respectively), the Yankees had far outpaced both teams in world championships with 20 in 1972 and 26 in 2004.

Paragraph 2: It was announced on 28 December 2020 that Levi and Bea would be in some "romantic scenes" together, as things "remain awkward between them", but their family and friends are keen for them to start a relationship. At a Christmas party, Levi is paired with Bea during a game of charades and both guess each other's answers repeatedly, showing that they are "very compatible", and they kiss under the mistletoe at the end of the night after they talk about their feelings with one another. Lee thought their kiss was "About time!" Writers soon establish a struggle in Levi and Bea's new relationship, as Bea is hospitalised due to eating poisoned mushrooms at Kyle's restaurant. Levi discovers that Kyle is to blame and reports the incident to the local city council, causing a "longterm family feud". Morris said of Levi's actions, "Honestly, he's in 100 minds as obviously he's a cop and it needs to be done, but he doesn't want to backstab his family. He has to protect the public's health as well so it's a bunch of things. Levi is very much black and white and struggles to see the grey. It's an interesting family for him to be in." Morris also added, "I was really excited for Levi and Kyle to have a clash, that always makes good television, and exploring that part of the relationship is always fun. But I was really enjoying the jokes I had with Chris Milligan on set and playing that kind of playful relationship so it was good to explore something new between them, but it was sad to say goodbye to their playful side for the time being." Morris also told Julians that Sheila would be trying to mend the situation and said, "She does what Sheila usually does and is trying to show the family that she loves everyone in a way that only Sheila knows how. I don't think issues are ever fully dealt with on Ramsay Street, to be honest, but families fight, they make up and they fight again so I think this is going to be a bit of a rollercoaster." He told Joe Julians of Radio Times that the feud would "really puts his feelings for Bea into perspective and realise this is a relationship he really wants to pursue". The storyline occurs close to Morris' one year anniversary on the serial and Morris explained that was "still loving" being part of the show. He said, "It's honestly the greatest experience that I have had and it's such an honour to be on this show. I think it would be great to explore more of Levi's past, parents and siblings and all that so we get a better of understanding of him and Frankston, where he came from."

Paragraph 3: In August 1978, thanks in part to the success of Starburst, Skinn was hired by Stan Lee to reshape Marvel's floundering UK reprint division. (With issue #4, Marvel also bought and began to publish Starburst.) In his 15 months as editorial director for Marvel UK, Skinn reported directly to Lee; he reformatted the existing titles  Mighty World of Marvel (which became Marvel Comic), Star Wars Weekly, and Super Spider-Man (which became Spider-Man Comic), plus the monthlies Rampage and Savage Sword of Conan. In addition, Skinn launched Doctor Who Weekly and Hulk Comic, among many other titles — Frantic Magazine, Marvel Pocket Books, Star Heroes, TV Heroes, summer specials, winter specials, etc.

Paragraph 4: The methodology of revisions, has led to a certain controversy. Specifically, questions have been raised about the way the cost of aforementioned previous actions such as cross currency swaps was estimated, and why it was retroactively added to the 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009 budget deficits, rather than to those of earlier years, more relevant to the transactions. However, Eurostat and ELSTAT have explained in detail in public reports from November 2010 that the proper recording of off-market swaps that was carried out in November 2010 increased the stock of debt for each year for which the swaps were outstanding (including the years 2006–2009) by about 2.3 percent of GDP but at the same time decreased -not increased- the deficit for each of these years by about 0.02 percent of GDP. Regarding the latter, the Eurostat report explains: " at the same time [as the upward correction of the debt stock], there must be a correction throughout the whole period for the deficit of Greece, as the flows of interest under the swap contract are reduced by an amount equal to the part of any settlement flows relating to the amortisation of the loan (this is a financial transaction with no impact on the deficit), whereas interest on the loan are still imputed as expenditure." Further questions involve the way deficits of several legal entities from the non-financial corporations in the General Government sector were estimated and retroactively added to the same years' (2006 to 2009) budget deficits. Nevertheless, both Eurostat and ELSTAT have explained in public reports how the previous misclassification of certain (17 in number) government enterprises and other government entities outside the General Government sector was corrected as they did not meet the criteria for being classified outside the General Government. As the Eurostat report noted, "Eurostat discovered that the ESA 95 rules for classification of state owned units were not being applied." In the context of this controversy, the former head of Greece's statistical agency, Andreas Georgiou, has been accused of inflating Greece's budget deficit for the aforementioned years. He was cleared of charges of inflating Greece's deficit in February 2019. It has been argued by many international as well as Greek observers that "despite overwhelming evidence that Mr. Georgiou correctly applied EU rules in revising Greece’s fiscal deficit and debt figures, and despite strong international support for his case, some Greek courts continued the witch hunt."

Paragraph 5: Islington was an early stronghold for the SDP. All three sitting Labour MPs defected to the party together with a majority of the Borough Council. However, in spite of their less radical position than the Labour Party, they won only one seat to Labour's 59 in the 1982 Islington Council elections and at the 1983 general election, Labour managed to narrowly retain the seat. The new MP, Chris Smith was the first MP to come out as gay and was aligned with the Labour left, and retained the seat with a slight increase in his majority in 1987. By 1992, the post-merged SDP, the Liberal Democrats, had faded locally, and no longer had the former MP as a candidate, and Smith managed to win a majority exceeding 10,000 votes.

Paragraph 6: The Dodgers began the month of September by hosting the Washington Nationals for a three-game series in a matchup of the teams with the top two records in the National League. In the first game, the Nationals hit four home runs off of Roberto Hernández, including two by Denard Span and they beat the Dodgers 6–4. Clayton Kershaw struck out eight batters the next night in eight innings, while allowing only a solo home run by Bryce Harper as the Dodgers won 4–1. In the process, Kershaw moved past the 200 strikeout mark for the fifth straight season, joining Sandy Koufax as the only Dodger pitchers to accomplish that, and just the fourth pitcher since 1893 to have at least five 200-strikeout seasons through an age-26 season (Bert Blyleven, Walter Johnson and Sam McDowell are the others). Kenley Jansen allowed three runs in the ninth to blow his save opportunity and the Nationals came back to defeat the Dodgers 8–5 in a 14-inning marathon. This was the Dodgers longest game of the year. After a much needed day off, they returned to action on September 5 with a 2–1 victory over the Diamondbacks. Dan Haren allowed one run on four hits in six innings and Matt Kemp homered in the win. Three hits and a key RBI single by Dee Gordon and a 2-RBI double by Hanley Ramírez helped the Dodgers win the next game, 5–2. Adrián González homered twice and drove in six runs as the Dodgers completed the sweep of the Diamondbacks with a 7–2 win on September 7. Kershaw picked up his 18th win when he allowed only one earned run in eight innings as the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 9–4. The Dodgers four-game winning streak was snapped as Hanley Ramírez committed a couple of errors in the second inning and Roberto Hernández only lasted three innings as they lost the game 6–3. The Dodgers finished off the home stand with a 4–0 shutout of the Padres. Carl Crawford had four hits in four at-bats in the game with three doubles. That tied the Dodgers record for most doubles in a game, a mark last accomplished by Matt Kemp in 2011. Dan Haren pitched seven scoreless innings to pick up his 13th win and this was the first time the Dodgers had four starters with 13 or more wins since 1985 when Orel Hershiser, Fernando Valenzuela, Jerry Reuss and Bob Welch reached that mark.

Paragraph 7: The name "Gyllenhaal" originated from Nils Gunnarsson Gyllenhaal's father Gunne Olofsson Haal, who was from Hahlegården, a crown homestead in South Härene Parish in the county of Västergötland in West Sweden. Haal comes from the name of the farm estate "Hahlegården". In the Knighthood Letter, signed by Queen Christina, the family name was written in two different ways — first "Gyllenhahl" and then "Gyllenhaal". On the copperplate with his coat of arms now hanging in the House of Nobility (Riddarhuset) in Stockholm, it is spelled "Gyllenhahl". Such ambiguities are typical of the time; it would be several generations before Swedish spelling was more strictly regulated. The prefix Gyllen ("Golden") was the one most used when ennobling someone since the 16th century.

Paragraph 8: Stefan Zweig, in his book The World of Yesterday, eulogized Vienna's fin de siècle coffeehouse culture, where for "the small price of a cup of coffee," a youth who aspired to intellectuality could "sit for hours on end, discuss, write, play cards, receive his mail, and, above all, [could] go through an unlimited number of newspapers and magazines" in search of news about literary, artistic, or philosophical happenings with which, good-naturedly, to show up his peers:[I]n our constant childish, boastful, and almost sporting ambition we wished to outdo each other in our knowledge of the very latest thing, we found ourselves actually in a sort of constant rivalry for the sensational. If, for example, we discussed Nietzsche, who then was still scorned, one of us would suddenly say with feigned superiority, “But in the idea of egotism Kierkegaard is superior to him,” and at once we became uneasy: Who is Kierkegaard, whom X knows and of whom we know nothing?” The next day we stormed into the library to look up the books of this time-obscured Danish philosopher, for it was a mark of inferiority not to know some exotic thing that was familiar to someone else. We had a passion to be the first to discover the latest, the newest, the most extravagant, the unusual, which had not yet been dwelt upon at length, particularly by the official literary critics of our daily papers.

Paragraph 9: Pucallpa was founded in the 1840s by Franciscan missionaries who settled several families of the Shipibo-Conibo ethnic group. For several decades it remained a small settlement as it was isolated from the rest of the country by the Amazon rainforest and the Andes mountain range. From the 1880s through the 1920s a railway project to connect Pucallpa with the rest of the country via the Ferrocarril Central Andino was started and dropped several times until it was finally abandoned. Pucallpa's isolation finally ended in 1945 with the completion of a highway to Lima through Tingo Maria. The highway allowed the commercialization of regional products to the rest of the country, thus improving the economic outlook of the region and its capital, Pucallpa. However, the heavy rainfalls of the Amazon rainforest remain a problem as they erode the highway and can even undermine it by causing flash floods.  Pucallpa is served by air through the Captain Rolden International Airport and by river through its port Pucallpillo near the center of the city. During the high water season, the floating ports of La Hoyada and Puerto Italia are used for riverine communications. Pucallpa is connected by road to Lima via Huánuco and Cerro de Pasco. The San Lorenzo Megaport Project proposes to connect Lima with the Atlantic via a rail connection to Pucallpa and the Amazon.

Paragraph 10: Bampton Fair only began to be well known for the sale of ponies when in 1856, Frederick Knight began selling his ponies at the fair. Exmoor Ponies used to be rounded up on the moors during the so-called Autumn Drift and driven by road to be sold at the fair. After being driven from the moors via Dulverton and Exebridge, the ponies were brought to an old  orchard behind the Tiverton Hotel (now called the Quarryman's Rest) where they were kept in wooden pens. The auction ring was a small round pen nearby. Large numbers of fair-goers would pay an entrance fee to see the pony pens. In 1979, the Dartmoor Preservation Society wrote to the RSPCA about suspected cruelty to the ponies at the fair. Then in 1984, a meeting was held between the RSPCA inspectors, vets and the council. A number of recommendations were made to improve the welfare of the ponies, although the meeting did reach a consensus that the fair was more trouble free than any other. At the end of the 1984 fair the RSPCA were satisfied with the way the fair was organised and in 1985 Bampton again received no official complaints about the pony fair.  However, the RSPCA and the auctioneers did request a number of improvements to the way ponies were loaded onto lorries and repairs to some of the pens. While alternative sites were offered to hold the sales, the council was unwilling to spend the money needed to fulfil the obligations for an event which was only held once a year. The Ministry of Agriculture and Devon County Council were asked for help but none was provided. From 2004 to 2013, farm-tackle, Exmoor ponies and other livestock were auctioned as part of the Fair again, a little way out of town, at Luttrell Quarry. However, due to a reduction in demand for pony sales and Luttrell Farm becoming unavailable for the auction this has ended.

Paragraph 11: Following her shakedown, Mayrant operated briefly off the New England coast before departing Newport, Rhode Island for a southerly cruise in late October. She arrived at Guantanamo Bay on 9 January 1912, participated in winter exercises in the Caribbean and then, as a unit of the Torpedo Flotilla, Atlantic Fleet, remained in the area, calling at various gulf and Caribbean ports, until spring. Returning to Newport on 14 May, she continued to operate off the east coast and in the Caribbean until 1915. Then, after completion of the 1915 winter exercises off Cuba, she steamed to the Brooklyn Navy Yard for overhaul prior to decommissioning on 20 May. On 9 November, she was moved to Philadelphia where she was berthed.

Paragraph 12: Before the cross-country railroad was operational, about 70,000 Mormons traveled the Mormon Trail with almost 6,000 dying along the way. In November 1856, about 600 members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) emigrating in the Martin Handcart Company were halted for five days in the Cove by snow and cold while on their way to Salt Lake City. The Martin Handcart company had begun its journey on July 28, 1856 which was dangerously late in the season and would ultimately lead to the disaster. Although the number who died in the Cove is unknown, more than 145 members of the Martin Company died before reaching Salt Lake City. A few days prior to their arrival at Martin's Cove, the company was met by a small rescue party with food, supplies, and wagons that Brigham Young, the church president, had sent from Salt Lake City, Utah. On November 4 the company and rescuers forded the bitterly cold Sweetwater River and sought shelter in the cove. That evening a powerful north wind blew the tents to the ground. The tents were set up again, but a blizzard brought heavy snow. The company remained in the camp for five days, unable to proceed due to the snow and cold. A number of the company's cattle died there and were preserved in a frozen state. When the weather warmed, on November 9, the company was able to move on toward Utah. With assistance from the original rescue party and from additional rescue parties that met them along the way, the survivors finally reached Salt Lake City on November 30.

Paragraph 13:  Medicare was established in 1965 and expanded thereafter. Spending for Medicare during 2016 was $692 billion, versus $634 billion in 2014, an increase of $58 billion or 9%. In 2013, the program covered an estimated 52.3 million persons. It consists of four distinct parts which are funded differently: Hospital Insurance, mainly funded by a dedicated payroll tax of 2.9% of earnings, shared equally between employers and workers; Supplementary Medical Insurance, funded through beneficiary premiums (set at 25% of estimated program costs for the aged) and general revenues (the remaining amount, approximately 75%); Medicare Advantage, a private plan option for beneficiaries, funded through the Hospital Insurance and Supplementary Medical Insurance trust funds; and the Part D prescription drug benefits, for which funding is included in the Supplementary Medical Insurance trust fund and is financed through beneficiary premiums (about 25%) and general revenues (about 75%). Spending on Medicare and Medicaid is projected to grow dramatically in coming decades. The number of persons enrolled in Medicare is expected to increase from 47 million in 2010 to 80 million by 2030. While the same demographic trends that affect Social Security also affect Medicare, rapidly rising medical prices appear to be a more important cause of projected spending increases. CBO expects Medicare and Medicaid to continue growing, rising from 5.3% GDP in 2009 to 10.0% in 2035 and 19.0% by 2082. CBO has indicated healthcare spending per beneficiary is the primary long-term fiscal challenge. Various reform strategies were proposed for healthcare, and in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted as a means of health care reform. CBO reduced its per capita Medicare spending assumptions by $1,000 for 2014 and $2,300 for 2019, relative to its 2010 estimate for those years. If this trend continues, it will significantly improve the long-term budget outlook.

Paragraph 14: The poet died at the age of 85 in Athens on the morning of Tuesday, March 29, 2005 and was buried at the First ('A') Cemetery of Athens. Upon his death the Prime Minister of Greece at that time, Kostas Karamanlis stated: "Miltos Sachtouris was one of the leading poets of Greece and one of the last representatives of a very important era for the Greek poetry. His writing and his constant search of freedom in art and life, accompanied a whole era of adventures and challenges. His work will survive the time. I express my condolences to all of his relatives and close persons". Following that, George Papandreou  the leader of the opposition at that time and a former prime minister of Greece stated: "Miltos Sachtouris was one of the greatest Poets of Modern Greece. He served the Greek letters with loyalty, elegance and moral. The global message deriving from his poems is colourful, strong, alive and it is going to thrive and survive throughout the years as our inheritance. I express my sincere condolences to all his relatives and friends". Karolos Papoulias the President of the Hellenic Republic, expressed his condolences about the death of Miltos Sachtouris by saying: "Miltos Sachtouris is the poet who opened and lifted the horizons with his global recognition as a Greek poet".

Paragraph 15: On the back of his premiership year, Nankervis earned a further one-year contract extension, seeing him secured to Richmond until at least the end of the 2020 season. He spent part of the 2018 pre season training as a forward, preparing for the ultimately unsuccessful potential injury return of Shaun Hampson that could have seen Nankervis play significant forward-line minutes. In the first pre-season match of 2018 Nankervis sustained a concussion mid match and sat out the majority of the match as a result. He returned in the second and final match of the series though, before playing as lead ruck in the club's season-opening round 1 win over . Nankervis kicked his first goal of the season in round 3 and in round 6 recorded a career-high 29 disposals, besting eventual All-Australian Brodie Grundy despite losing in the ruck with just 17 hitouts. For that performance he earned five votes in the AFL Coaches Association award as the equal-third best player on the ground. After eight rounds Nankervis ranked third at Richmond for contested possessions, centre clearances and total clearances behind only club captain Trent Cotchin and reigning Brownlow Medalist Dustin Martin. He suffered a minor injury to his right wrist when falling in a ruck contest in round 8 that saw him fail to train in the lead up to round 9's match against  in Perth. Nankervis was ruled fit to play despite the injury, but was beaten by his Eagles counterparts Nic Naitanui and Scott Lycett who carried West Coast to a win. In round 11's marquee Dreamtime at the 'G match against , Nankervis kicked two goals and was named among Richmond's best players by AFL Media in the 71-point victory. He picked up a single coaches vote in round 15, this time for laying a team high 10 tackles. Nankervis again earned a coaches vote in round 18's victory over . Three weeks later Nankervis suffered a minor quad cork injury during round 20 that saw him miss the club's round 21 match . He missed just one match however, returning to play in each of the club's two final matches before the finals series. Nankervis concluded the home and away season ranked second among the league's rucks for average disposals per game while Richmond earned the minor premiership and a home qualifying final against . He contributed 14 disposals in a win during that match and a further 16 in what would prove a shock preliminary final loss to rivals  that brought Nankervis' and the club's season to an end. Nankervis was comprehensibly beaten by opposition ruck Brodie Grundy in that final match, allowing Grundy an all-time finals record 56 hit outs. After playing 23 matches and kicking seven goals that year, Nankervis placed 13th in the Richmond club best and fairest award.

Paragraph 16: The Swedish defeat and eventual retreat from the territories of the Commonwealth abruptly ended the plans of Janusz and Bogusław. The former died at Tykocin Castle besieged by forces loyal to the Commonwealth, while Bogusław retreated with his forces to Prussia, where he supported Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg, against the Polish king. In the Battle of Prostki on 8 October 1656, Bogusław's forces were decimated by the Commonwealth forces under Hetman Wincenty Korwin Gosiewski. Radziwiłł himself was captured by the Tatars, who initially enslaved him and wanted to transport him to Crimea. After fierce discussions with the Tatar commanders, he was handed over to Gosiewski.

Paragraph 17: They returned in 1788, when Jan became an envoy at the Four-Year Sejm and Julia supported the Constitution of 3 May. It was during this time that she met Eustachy Erazm Sanguszko, also an envoy at said Sejm, with whom she had an affair well known socially. They were separated by his participation in the Polish–Russian War of 1792 and the Kościuszko Uprising, though they continued to correspond. Following the triumph of Russia over the Constitution and the accession of the king to the Targowica Confederation, Julia and her husband returned to France, where he had links with the Jacobins. While there, she provided Tadeusz Kościuszko with organisational and financial help in January 1793. After this, Jan went to Germany while Julia returned to Poland.

Paragraph 18: Like his Wittelsbach father and grandfather, William V was a strong supporter of the counter-reformation. He secured the archbishopric of Cologne for his brother Ernest with his campaign in 1583; his brother Ferdinand commanded the Bavarian army in the first 18 months of the Cologne War in an effort to secure the Electorate. Eventually, the Spanish army, under the command of Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma expelled the Calvinist contender for the Electorate, Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg, and Ernst secured sole possession of both the Electorate and the Archdiocese of Cologne. This dignity remained in the possession of the family for nearly 200 years. Two of William V's sons also followed ecclesiastical careers: Philipp Wilhelm of Bavaria became the Bishop of Regensburg and eventually a Cardinal, and Ferdinand of Bavaria succeeded his uncle as Archbishop of Cologne. In 1591, Philipp Wilhelm expelled Salzburg from the Berchtesgaden Provostry, the future possession of his son Ferdinand.

Paragraph 19: The Iowa, Chicago and Eastern Railroad (IC&E)  was a Class II railroad operating in the north central United States. It has been controlled by the Canadian Pacific Railway and operated as a part of its system since October 30, 2008. Formerly, the IC&E was jointly owned with the Dakota, Minnesota and Eastern Railroad by Cedar American Rail Holdings (CARH), making the combined system the largest class II railroad in the United States. Created by the purchase of I&M Rail Link, IC&E commenced operations on July 30, 2002. The  line, based in Davenport, Iowa, serves the states of Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Minnesota and Wisconsin. Principal commodities include chemicals, coal, steel, automobiles, and agricultural products. Train dispatching is performed at a joint DM&E/IC&E facility in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. On December 26, 2008, the IC&E was merged into parent CARH, which immediately merged into the DM&E.

Paragraph 20: In the Indian and Pacific oceans, the oceanic navigations made it possible to populate all the archipelagoes (Polynesian navigation). However, the possibility of reaching South America is still a matter of debate — the settlement of the Americas through the Bering Strait would not have required navigation, or in any case, coastal navigation would have sufficed — as well as other possible pre-Columbian transoceanic contacts. In the first quarter of the 15th century, the Chinese expeditions led by Zheng He reached the African coasts of the Indian Ocean. It has been proposed that they might have reached the South Atlantic and even America and Europe, but this proposal has not been accepted beyond mere speculation.Mediterranean navigation, which the Romans had come to control (undisputed Mare Nostrum since their victories over the Carthaginians in the Punic Wars [264-146 BC], the Egyptians during the Battle of Actium [31 BC], and pirates), was once again a contested environment in the Middle Ages, from the moment the Vandals managed to attack the Italian coasts from the sea. In the 6th century, the Byzantines managed to regain control, and in the 7th century it was the Arabs who ended up dividing the Mediterranean area, which even the Vikings and Normans were able to access. Since the time of the Crusades, Venetian, Genoese and Crown of Aragon navigators also had a strong presence. Knowledge of the compass, transmitted to the Europeans by the Arabs (who in turn had obtained it from the Chinese), together with other improvements in astronomical techniques (astrolabe, Jacob's staff, sextant, cartographic techniques (portulan and shipbuilding (caravel, nau, galleon), made the Age of Discovery — initially led by the Portuguese and Castilians — possible, especially after Henry the Navigator impulsed the school of Sagres. In 1492, the first voyage of Christopher Columbus took place. In 1488, Bartolomeu Dias rounded the Cape of Good Hope, which opened the route to the Indian Ocean — Vasco de Gama reached Calicut (India) in 1498. Between 1519 and 1521, the Magellan-Elcano expedition circumnavigated the world — measuring the geographical longitude with the method of its scientific organizer, Rui Faleiro. Until the 6th century, the Spanish-Portuguese hegemony in navigation was patent in fields such as geography and cosmography. Both English and French pilots learned to navigate from the texts of Pedro de Medina, Martín Fernández de Enciso and Martín Cortés, among others. The conjunction of "cannons and sails" has been argued to have given European states the advantage to prevail over the rest, launching the modern "world system".Since the 18th century, England exercised maritime hegemony, a fact that was confirmed in the early 19th century with the Battle of Trafalgar (1805). Among the main English expeditions of the time were Captain Cook's (1768-1779), also the second expedition of the Beagle (1831-1836) — which was of great importance for the later development of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution. Already fully in the age of steam navigation, techniques and vessels continued to be perfected in transoceanic sailing (clipper), that did not become obsolete for commercial navigation until the 20th century — especially after the opening of the Panama Canal. Even then, the unbridled optimism that characterized the naval design of the time suffered a severe blow with the sinking of the Titanic (1912).Contemporary shipping has massively ceased to perform one of its traditional functions and has been replaced by aviation, such as passenger transport, although with two important exceptions: leisure travel (tourism by cruise ships) and irregular traffic of people (irregular immigration). Since the Second Industrial Revolution, the main volume of freight transport has been hydrocarbons (oil tankers and gas tankers). Other raw materials are also transported in bulk on cargo ships, but from 1956 onward, a large part of goods of all kinds were adapted to standardized containers that speed up loading and unloading, allowing a combination with land transport (hub). Highly technological navigation has reduced crews and increased the size of ships. For example, in deep-sea fishing, which locates its prey with sophisticated means and lasts indefinitely in time — freezer ships or factory ships — which in some circumstances has made them vulnerable to new forms of piracy.

Paragraph 21: The longstanding president of the  "International Women's Rights League" ("Ligue du droit international des femmes" / LDIF), she has tackled on the international level the fashion for invoking of "cultural relativism" as a justification for opposing the universal application of women's rights.   She has also taken a lead in combatting violence against young girls with immigrant backgrounds:  issues on which she has campaigned include excision, forced expatriation and various classes of "honour crime".   A particularly high-profile cause célèbre into which she launched herself became identified by slogan-headline "Mères d’Alger" (loosely, "Mothers of Algiers"):   A shared colonial history had left several hundred thousand Algerians in France, many of whom came from families that had ended the Algerian War on the "wrong" side.   During the 1980s a succession of cases came to the fore in which, following marital ructions, fathers with Algerian connections had removed their children to Algeria, in defiance of French court rulings granting custody of the children in question to their mothers remaining in France.   In an effort to provide a remedy for these cases, in August 1986 the governments of France and Algeria signed a convention, but a view quickly emerged that this had failed to provide an effective remedy.   Under Sugier's leadership, the LDIF played a major role in highlighting the issues.   A particular atrocity in point was the "Sohane affair", which came up in 2002.   The LDIF received an appeal from the murdered girl's father and sisters that it should join itself as a civil party to the ensuing legal case against the murder suspect and his accomplice, in order "to support the struggle for the memory of Sohane and to ensure that the same thing should not happen in the future to any other person".   The trial evidently took some time to prepare, but when it was held, between 31 March and 7 April 2007, the killer and his accomplice were both found guilty.   The killer received a 25-year jail sentence while the accomplice was sentenced to 8 years.   The accomplice now made the tactical error of lodging an appeal.   The LDIF legal team seized the opportunity and lodged their own appeal.   The LDIF was represented at the trial by Linda Weil-Curiel, a lawyer with a reputation in the field of women's rights:   Sugier and Weil-Curiel had made their important first visit to the dead girl's sister and father together.   Throughout the trial Weil-Cureil had emphasized the sexist aspect of the case, and the advocate general clearly took full cognisance of her submissions.   The LDIF was represented not in respect of the criminal aspects of the matter but as a civil litigant:  on 18 September 2006 the court responsible for the civil aspect of the case accepted that the LDIF intervention was "admissible and well founded".   The appeal in respect of the accomplice was heard at the Seine-Saint-Denis Court of Assizes between 8 June and 14 June 2007; a ten-year jail term was substituted for the earlier, lesser sentence.   After the verdict, Annie Sugier produced a rapid succession of statements and articles celebrating the fact that for the first time, under pressure from the LIDF's involvement in the case, a court in France had been persuaded to respond to the acts of torture and barbarism of which Sohane Benziane was the victim, to acknowledge the concept of "a sexist crime".

Paragraph 22: In the late period of the Pleistocene as well as the early and middle periods of the Holocene in West Africa and North Africa, peoples with Sudanese, Mechtoid, and Proto-Mediterranean/Proto-Berber skeletal types (which are outdated, problematic physical anthropological concepts) occupied these regions, and thus, occupied the Central Sahara (e.g., Fozziagiaren I, Imenennaden, Takarkori, Uan Muhuggiag) and Eastern Sahara (e.g., Nabta Playa). There are various types of stone constructions (e.g., Keyhole: 4300 BCE – 3200 BCE; Platform: 3800 BCE – 1200 BCE; Cone-Shaped: 3750 BCE; Crescent – 3300 BCE – 1900 BCE; Aligned Structures: 1900 BCE – Beginning of Islamic Period; Crater Tumulus: 1900 BCE – Beginning of Islamic Period) in Niger. At Adrar Bous, in Niger, the most common type (71.66%) of tumuli are platform tumuli; the second most common (16.66%) type of tumuli are cone-shaped tumuli. The earlier “black-face rock art style” of Tassili rock art has been viewed as sharing cultural affinity with the Fulani people. Proto-Berbers, who have been viewed as having migrated into the Central Sahara from Northeast Africa, have been associated with the latter “white-face rock art style” (e.g., pale-skinned figures, beads, long dresses, cattle, cattle-related activities) that emerged in Tassili N’Ajjer in 3500 BCE. In 3800 BCE, the most early of platform tumuli developed in the Central Sahara, which has been viewed as a cultural practice that was brought into the Central Sahara by Proto-Berbers. The inconsistencies within the view that Proto-Berbers migrated from Northeast Africa and brought the platform tumuli tradition into the Central Sahara is that the measurements for the skeletal types of the Central Sahara do not begin to match the skeletal types of Northeast Africa until after 2500 BCE and the constructing of platform tumuli at Adrar Bous, in Niger, began in 3500 BCE. In the Western Sahara, the pastoralist-associated hearths, pottery from the Late Neolithic, and the most common type of Western Saharan tumuli – cone-shaped tumuli (which emerged earliest in Niger by 3750 BCE and has connections with the Mediterranean), are probably associated with Protohistoric Berbers or Chadics. At Gobero, in Niger, the period that has been characterized as pastoral is based on only two cattle remnants and an absence of sheep/goat remnants; until the end of the mid-Holocene, there is limited evidence for nomadic lifeways; there is also anatomical evidence that is indicative of general population continuity amid the mid-Holocene at Gobero. The tumuli tradition of the Central Sahara likely developed as a result of interactions between culturally and ethnically different Central Saharan peoples (e.g., as depicted in Central Saharan rock art), within the context of changing and varied Central Saharan ecology. The traits (e.g., hierarchy, social complexity) of the earlier Central Saharan pastoral culture contributed to the latter development of state formation in West Africa, Nubia, and the Sahara.

Paragraph 23: The 3rd Battalion,  4th Gorkha Rifles (3/4 GR), Chindits, Sainli Paltan, was raised in the Leslie Lines, Bakloh, on 1 October 1940.  The nucleus of the new battalion was formed by drafts  of 3 officers and 200 men each from the 1st and 2nd Battalions. The remainder of the battalion was formed from recruits and 'recruit boys'.  Soon after the raising the battalion moved into Tytler lines after the First battalion moved to Ambala.  The Leslie lines were  turned over for raising the Regimental Centre.   The battalion held its first attestation parade on 15  March 1941. Soon after it   was moved to Chaman, Baluchistan, now in Pakistan, to form part of the Khojak Brigade.  It occupied defensive positions between Chitral and Duzdhap, on the India-Iran border, to meet threats from either Nazi Germany or  USSR.  In March 1944 the battalion was called to provide nucleus for the raising of the 4th Battalion.  On 16 June the battalion was ordered to form part of 111 Independent Brigade, under Brigadier Joe Lentaigne, as part of the Chindit, which was being concentrated in the area of Saugor  for training.

Paragraph 24: Koguma returned to professional wrestling after a six-year hiatus at the 10th Anniversary of Stardom on March 3, 2021, where she participated in a 24-women Stardom All-Star rumble match also involving superstars from the promotion's past such as Chigusa Nagayo, Kyoko Inoue, Yuzuki Aikawa, Bea Priestley and others. On the second night of the Stardom Cinderella Tournament 2021 from May 14, Koguma made her official in-ring return, saving Mayu Iwatani from an attack performed by Oedo Tai after the latter fell short to Himeka in the quarter-finals of the tournament. She was later revealed to have joined the Stars stable. On the third night of the tournament from June 12, Koguma teamed up with fellow stablemates Mayu Iwatani, Starlight Kid, Hanan and Rin Kadokura, losing to Oedo Tai's (Natsuko Tora, Konami, Fukigen Death, Ruaka and Saki Kashima) in a Ten-woman elimination tag team match where Starlight Kid was eliminated last and she was forced to join Oedo Tai. At Yokohama Dream Cinderella 2021 in Summer on July 4, she teamed up with fellow Stars stablemate Mayu Iwatani and unsuccessfully challenged Alto Livello Kabaliwan (Giulia and Syuri) for the Goddess of Stardom Championship. At the Stardom 5 Star Grand Prix 2021, Koguma fought in the "Red Stars" block, scoring a total of 11 points after competing against Momo Watanabe, Mayu Iwatani, Starlight Kid, Himeka, Fukigen Death, Natsupoi, Giulia, Mina Shirakawa and Saki Kashima. At Stardom 10th Anniversary Grand Final Osaka Dream Cinderella on October 9, 2021, Koguma fell short to Hazuki in a singles match. At Kawasaki Super Wars, the first event of the Stardom Super Wars trilogy which took place on November 3, 2021, Koguma teamed up with Mayu Iwatani and went into a time-limit draw against Donna Del Mondo's Himeka and Natsupoi. At Tokyo Super Wars on November 27, she unsuccessfully challenged Starlight Kid for the High Speed Championship. At Osaka Super Wars, the last event of the series from December 18, Koguma teamed up with Hazuki and Mayu Iwatani and took part in a ¥10 Million Unit Tournament which was also contested for the Artist of Stardom Championship by first defeating Cosmic Angels (Tam Nakano, Mina Shirakawa and Unagi Sayaka) in the semi finals, and eventually falling short to the championsMaiHimePoi (Maika, Natsupoi and Himeka) in the finals on the same night as a result of a Six-woman tag team ladder match. At Stardom Dream Queendom on December 29, 2021, Koguma challenged Starlight Kid again for the High Speed Championship unsuccessfully, this time in a three-way match also involving AZM.

Paragraph 25: The show's premise involved a professional football quarterback named Ed Huddles (voiced by Cliff Norton) and his neighbor, the team's center Bubba McCoy (voiced by Mel Blanc). They played for a team called the Rhinos. Other characters included Ed's wife Marge Huddles and the their daughter Pom-Pom, (voiced by Jean Vander Pyl their black teammate Freight Train (voiced by Herb Jeffries). Bubba's wife Penny McCoy was played by comedic actress Marie Wilson in her final role. The regular foil was Claude Pertwee (Paul Lynde), who lived alone with his cat Beverley and could tolerate the wives but considered the men to be "savages". His look and temperamental behavior are similar to Mr. Peevly from Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!.

Paragraph 26: As archaeological finds show, the lands around what is now Dorsheim were settled quite early on. From the Old Stone Age (100,000–10,000 BC) comes a whole series of various artefacts, which are now in private ownership. Known to be from the New Stone Age (4000–1800 BC) are a great many small hatchets and points, the 12 flint blades from the hoard on the street “Am Rebstock” and Rössen finds (ceramic) from the countryside lying east of Dorsheim. Unearthed from the Hallstatt times that followed have been all kinds of bronze rings from former barrows on the Dorsheim Heath, as well as ceramics from not only the Hallstatt culture but also the Urnfield culture and the Hunsrück-Eifel culture, once again in the countryside lying east of Dorsheim. Roman finds (3rd century AD) have come to light at two sites in the municipality. Various archaeological objects that have been found are now in museums in Bad Kreuznach, Mainz, Bonn and Berlin, although many are in private ownership. It can be said with certainty that Dorsheim was one of the villages founded in Frankish times (500–750), bearing witness to which are finds from Merovingian graves unearthed right near the community centre. On 30 March 1349, Dorsheim had its first documentary mention in a document issued by Count Palatine Ruprecht. For almost 650 years, Dorsheim was a Comital-Palatine or Electoral Palatinate village. It is therefore not surprising that the main charge in the municipality’s coat of arms is the Palatine lion. From 1796 to 1814, the village lay under French rule, first Revolutionary French, and later Napoleonic. Dorsheim lay within the Department of Rhin-et-Moselle. After the Napoleonic Wars and the Congress of Vienna, the region passed to the Kingdom of Prussia in 1815. After the municipality had celebrated its 600th anniversary in 1986 based on the first mention of Dorsheim in documents from 1386, Dorsheim citizen Herrmann Gellweiler delved deeper into the local history and discovered that Dorsheim had already been mentioned  in previous documentation from a few decades earlier, in 1349. Too late, the erratum was put to the commemorative plate made for the “600th anniversary” that depicted Count Palatine Ruprecht making a gift of a vineyard in the “Dorsheimer Berg” to his daughter Else. After the new information came to light, Dorsheim was able to mark its 650th anniversary in 1999 based on the now oldest documentation only 13 years after the 600th anniversary.

Paragraph 27: On November 5 a member of the Russian backed 5 Corp was killed by an unknown attacker. On November 5 a former fighter of the "free army" that stuck reconciliation with the Syrian army was kidnapped then killed by unknown gunmen. Also on the 5th an informant for Hezbollah was killed by two unidentified gunmen on a motorcycle. On November 7 a reconciled rebel fighter was assassinated by unknown gunmen. On November 8 an IED exploded in the town of Tasil near a former rebel leader's house, the explosion killed 1 unidentified person. A drug dealer was also assassinated by unknown gunmen in the town of al-Mzeireb on the 8th. On November 11 a body of a civilian was dumped near a government checkpoint in village of Qita. On the 12th fighters from the group “Popular Resistance in Daraa”, attacked a checkpoint of the  military intelligence killing 3 and injuring an unknown number of others. On November 12 small scale protest against Hezbollah occurred in the towns of Tal Shehab, Al-Ajami and Zayzun. An assassination attempt failed in the city of Inkhil. on the 15th more protest occurred in the towns of Al-Balad and Sahem Al-Golan. On November 16 a series of attack took place, 2 house belonging to members of the military intelligence were targeted with RPGs, no one was injured. A security checkpoint near Al-Sahwa was also hit with RPGs injuring 1 person. Clashes broke out in the town of  Al-Hara between the "Popular Resistance" and military forces,an unknown number of people were injured in the clashes. On the 17th a body of a woman was found in the town of Al-Sahari. On the 18th 3 young men were injured in the city of al-Sanamin by unknown gunmen. A child was killed by gunfire on the road between Al-Sanamayn and al-Qenniyye on the 19th. Also on the 19th a member of collaborator of Hezbollah was killed. On the 20th a drug smuggler was killed by unknown gunmen. On the 23rd 2 member of the special forces were killed by unknown gunmen on the road between Tafas and Al-Yadudah. Also of the 23rd protest broke out in the city of Nawa. two attacks took place on the 25th, a civilian was killed after being kidnapped and a reconciled rebel fighter was killed by unknown gunmen. three incidents took place on the 27th protests started in the town of al-Shajra, A former rebel learder was killed in Tafas, and a lieutenant of the “NDF” was killed by unknown gunmen. On the 29th two brothers that struck reconciliation were killed and thousands of people protest across Daraa province against the government.

Paragraph 28: The scientific purpose of the Aeronomy of Ice in the Mesosphere (AIM) mission is focused on the study of polar mesospheric clouds (PMCs) that form about  above the surface of Earth in summer and mostly in the polar regions of Earth. The overall goal is to resolve why PMCs form and why they vary. AIM expected lifetime was at least two years. AIM measures PMCs and the thermal, chemical and dynamical environment in which they form. This will allow the connection to be made between these clouds and the meteorology of the polar mesospheric summer echoes. This connection is important because a significant variability in the yearly number of noctilucent ("glow in the dark") clouds (NLCs), one manifestation of PMCs, has been suggested as an indicator of global change. The body of data collected by AIM will provide the basis for a rigorous study of PMCs that can be reliably used to study past PMC changes, present trends and their relationship to global change. In the end, AIM will provide an expanded basis for the study of long-term variability in the climate of Earth. The AIM scientific objectives will be achieved by measuring near simultaneous PMC abundances, PMC spatial distributions, cloud particle size distributions, gravity wave activity, cosmic dust influx to the atmosphere needed to study the role of these particles as nucleation sites and precise, vertical profile measurements of temperature, , OH, , , , NO, and aerosols. AIM carries three instruments: an infrared solar occultation differential absorption radiometer, built by the Space Dynamics Laboratory, Utah State University (Solar Occultation for Ice Experiment - SOFIE); a panoramic ultraviolet imager (Cloud Imaging and particle Size Experiment - CIPS); and, an in situ dust detector (Cosmic Dust Experiment - CDE), both designed and built by the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics, University of Colorado. Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corporation constructed the spacecraft bus and GATS, Inc., Newport News, Virginia, led the data management effort.

Paragraph 29: It is a small tree reaching 6 meters in height. The young, yellow-brown branches are sparsely to densely covered with long soft hairs. Its branches have sparse lenticels. Its egg-shaped to elliptical, papery leaves are 11-20 by 5-9 centimeters. The leaves have rounded to heart-shaped bases and tapering tips, with the tapering portion 2-24 millimeters long. The leaves are nearly hairless on their upper surface covered with long soft hairs on their lower surface. The leaves have 8-14 pairs of secondary veins emanating from their midribs. Its very densely hairy petioles are 3-5 by 1.5-2.5 millimeters with a broad groove on their upper side. Its solitary Inflorescences occur on branches, and are organized on very densely hairy peduncles that are 4 by 0.6 millimeters. Each inflorescence has 1-2 flowers. Each flower is on a very densely hairy pedicel that is 31-40 by 0.7 millimeters. The pedicels are organized on a rachis up to 5 millimeters long that have up to 2 bracts. The pedicels have a medial, very densely hairy bract that is up to 1 millimeter long. Its flowers are unisexual. Its flowers have 3 free, triangular sepals, that are 2.5-3.5 by 2-3 millimeters. The sepals are hairless on their upper surface, densely hairy on their lower surface, and hairy at their margins. Its 6 petals are arranged in two rows of 3. The oval, outer petals are 6-7 by 5.5-6.5 millimeters with hairless upper and very densely hairy lower surfaces. The oval inner petals have a 1-1.5 millimeter long claw at their base and a 7.5-9 by 7-9 millimeter blade. The inner petals have flat bases and pointed tips. The inner petals are hairless on their upper surface except at the margins of the apex, and very densely hairy on their lower surfaces. The male flowers have up to 153 stamens that are 1.3-1.6-0.8 by 1-1.2 millimeters. Female flowers have up to 40 carpels. Each carpel has up to 1-2 ovules. The fruit occur in clusters of up to 3 and are organized on densely hairy peduncles that are 5 by 2 millimeters. The fruit are attached by densely hairy pedicles that are 38-40 by 1 millimeters. The orange, oval to elliptical fruit are 12-15 by 10 millimeters. The fruit are smooth, and very densely hairy. Each fruit typically has 1 spherical, wrinkly seed that is 7.5 by 7 by 1.1 millimeters. Each seed has a 1.2 by 0.3 millimeter elliptical hilum.

Paragraph 30: The House of Dior was established on 16 December 1946 at 30 Avenue Montaigne in Paris. However, the current Dior corporation celebrates "1947" as the opening year. Dior was financially backed by wealthy businessman Marcel Boussac. Boussac had originally invited Dior to design for Philippe et Gaston, but Dior refused, wishing to make a fresh start under his own name rather than reviving an old brand. The new couture house became a part of "a vertically integrated textile business" already operated by Boussac. Its capital was at FFr 6 million and workforce at 80 employees. The company was really a vanity project for Boussac and was a "majorly owned affiliate of Boussac Saint-Freres S.A. Nevertheless, Dior was allowed a then-unusual great part in his namesake label (legal leadership, a non-controlling stake in the firm, and one-third of pretax profits) despite Boussac's reputation as a "control freak". Dior's creativity also negotiated him a good salary.