Paragraph 1: He adopted the El Cholo name in 2008, working for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) as a low ranking rudo ("bad guy"), mainly wrestling in the first or second match of the night and at times with months between appearances. It is unclear if those breaks between matches was due to El Cholo having a day job, suffered from injuries or simply wrestled under a different identity as well from time to time. Over the years El Cholo remained a low ranking, but experienced rudo who helped work with younger wrestlers as part of their training and development as wrestlers. On July 18, 2010 he wrestled on his first major CMLL event as he teamed up with Inquisidor for the 2010 Infierno en el Ring show, losing the opening match to the team of Tigre Blanco and Metatron, two falls to one. In March, 2012 El Cholo was one of the participants in the first ever Torneo Sangre Nueva ("The New Blood Tournament"), a tournament that featured 16 wrestlers classified as rookies, or low ranking wrestlers. El Cholo competed in the "Block A" torneo cibernetico, eight-man elimination match on March 6 and was the first man eliminated in the match as Camaleón pinned him after 8 minutes and 11 second of wrestling to eliminate him from the tournament. The following year he was once again part of the Torneo Sangre Nueva tournament. For the second year in a row El Cholo was pinned by Camaleón, albeit not as the first one eliminated from the torneo cibernetico match. In April, 2013 El Cholo was announced as one of the Novatos, or rookies, in the 2013 Torneo Gran Alternativa, or "Great Alternative tournament". The Gran Alternativa pairs a rookie with an experienced wrestler for a tag team tournament. He was teamed up with veteran wrestler Rey Bucanero to  compete in Block B of the tournament that took place on the April 19, 2013 Super Viernes show. The team lost in the first round to Sensei and Rush and was eliminated from the tournament. In late 2014 Cholo and Ramstein began a storyline feud with the team of rookie wrestlers Star Jr. and Soberano Jr., also known as Los Principes del Ring ("The Princes of the Ring"), with the main theme being that the veterans felt that Star Jr. and Soberano Jr. were disrespectful to the more experienced Cholo and Ramstein and wanted to teach the "brats" their proper place in CMLL. On December 30, 2014 the four men signed a contract to risk their masks in a Luchas de Apuestas, or bet match, to take place on January 6, 2015. In Lucha Libre winning an opponent's mask is considered the "ultimate prize". On January 6 Star Jr. and Soberano Jr. defeated Cholo and Ramstein in a best two-out-of-three falls match, forcing both of their opponents to unmask in front of the Arena México while revealing their real names. After the match Cholo unmasked and revealed that his name was Carlos Soriano Mendoza and that he had been a wrestler for 20 years at the time.

Paragraph 2: While there he had charge of the choirboys, having to take care of their room and board in addition to having to teach them to sing; he complained of low pay, and eventually resigned.  In 1521 he was working in Portugal, as mestre de capela (chapel master in Portuguese) for  prince Dom Afonso, Cardinal-Infante of Portugal, son of Manuel I of Portugal.  His career seems to have ended badly, however, for the final record of his life there is a mention in a document of 1535 that he was an alcoholic and living in squalor.  He died in Évora.

Paragraph 3: Algiers is a 1938 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and starring Charles Boyer, Sigrid Gurie, and Hedy Lamarr. Written by John Howard Lawson, the film is about a notorious French jewel thief hiding in the labyrinthine native quarter of Algiers known as the Casbah. Feeling imprisoned by his self-imposed exile, he is drawn out of hiding by a beautiful French tourist who reminds him of happier times in Paris. The Walter Wanger production was a remake of the successful 1937 French film Pépé le Moko, which derived its plot from the Henri La Barthe novel of the same name.

Paragraph 4: Further terms in office lasted from 11 August 1964 to 6 August 1969, and from 25 June 1972 to 8 December 1987. During the 1960s, Hassan addressed the United Nations Special Committee on Decolonization twice, opposing Spain's claim for Gibraltar and insisting that the vast majority of Gibraltarians wanted to remain British. He was one of the members of the 1968 Constitutional Conference chaired by Malcolm Shepherd, 2nd Baron Shepherd, which drafted the Gibraltar's first Constitution. Hassan only lost one election, the 1969 election, when the AACR failed to win a majority by just one seat, as it only obtained seven of the fifteen seats of the House. The Integration with Britain Party (IWBP, supporter of the integration of Gibraltar into the United Kingdom) gained support from the independent members of the House of Assembly and its leader Robert Peliza became Chief Minister and remained so for three years. Hassan was returned to office in 1972. He resigned without completing his term as Chief Minister in 1987 after an agreement on the shared use of Gibraltar Airport was signed by Spain and the United Kingdom, citing personal reasons. He was succeeded by the then Deputy Chief Minister, Adolfo Canepa. However, Canepa lost the 1988 election to Joe Bossano of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party (GSLP) and the AACR disbanded shortly afterwards. Bossano was one of Hassan's main critics, accusing him of being too conciliatory towards the British Government.

Paragraph 5: The controversial promotion of examiners as assistant controllers has led to an imbalance in the set-up with more controllers than examiners. Controller General had promised time-bound promotions to officers and recruitment of new examiners to mitigate the crisis of lack of officers and the problem of attrition due to low pay and lack of promotion. Cases of corruption have been reported. In 2012, only 137 out of the announced 257 candidates expressed interest to join. The monthly target for examiners are 15 new cases(FERs) and 25 disposals which has led to officers working under tremendous pressure to show output thereby affecting the quality of grant of patents. Indian patent examiners have the higher workload and the pay is amongst the lowest. While a patent examiner in the European Patent Office would handle less than seven patent applications per month and a USPTO examiner would handle eight applications per month, an Indian examiner reportedly handles at least 40 applications a month. However an Indian examiner's monthly salary is less than a third of his/her counterparts in other foreign patent offices. The issue of attrition due to lack of promotion to examiners was acknowledged by the Minister of Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman during IP day celebrations. A concerned government official recommended outsourcing of search in view of increased work load and the IPO has started to outsource prior-art searches violating the stipulations of the prevailing Patents Act. However, because of quality and legal issues with outsourcing, the outsourcing contracts were cancelled. The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion under the Ministry of commerce, Government of India has come out with a discussion paper in order to address the issues plaguing the Indian Patent Office such as granting financial and administrative autonomy, separation of Patent and Trademark offices, setting up of additional offices are some of the issues put forth for input from stakeholders

Paragraph 6: Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote that some parts were "well done", including the Greek descent from the Trojan horse which "has the air of great adventure that one expects from this tale", but "the human drama in the legend ... is completely lost or never realized in the utter banalities of the script, in the clumsiness of the English dialogue and in the inexcusable acting cliches." Variety wrote, "The word 'spectacular' achieves its true meaning when applied to Warner Bros.' 'Helen of Troy.' The retelling of the Homeric legend, filmed in its entirety in Italy, makes lavish use of the Cinemascope screen ... Action sequences alone should stir word-of-mouth." Edwin Schallert of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "'Helen of Troy' qualifies as a mighty film impression of history and legend ... The Warner film satisfies the demands for beauty, and also attains triumphant effects, which give real life to ancient battles with spear, bow and arrow, fire, sword and javelin. In their magnitude attacks on the walled city of Troy are awe-inspiring." Richard L. Coe of The Washington Post reported, "The popcorn set and I had a glorious time at this epic ... I don't suppose the genteel set will go much for this one, but, boy, those crowd scenes, warriors falling to destruction, flames flaming, javelins nipping into a chest here and there." Harrison's Reports declared, "The massiveness and opulence of the settings, the size of the huge cast, and the magnitude of the battle between the Greeks and the Trojans are indeed eye-filling ... Unfortnately, the breathtaking quality of the production values is not matched by the stilted story, which takes considerable dramatic license with the Homer version of the events leading up to the Trojan war, and which are at best only moderately interesting." The Monthly Film Bulletin found the film "uninterestingly dialogued and characterised  ... The battle scenes, however, are vigorously and sometimes excitingly staged." John McCarten of The New Yorker wrote that the film "hasn't enough life to hold your interest consistently. That's too bad, for toward the end there are those battle scenes and a fine impersonation of that wooden horse."

Paragraph 7: The epoxyeicosatrienoic acids or EETs are signaling molecules formed within various types of cells by the metabolism of arachidonic acid by a specific subset of Cytochrome P450 enzymes termed cytochrome P450 epoxygenases.  These nonclassic eicosanoids are generally short-lived, being rapidly converted from epoxides to less active or inactive dihydroxy-eicosatrienoic acids (diHETrEs) by a widely distributed cellular enzyme, Soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH), also termed Epoxide hydrolase 2.  The EETs consequently function as transiently acting, short-range hormones; that is, they work locally to regulate the function of the cells that produce them (i.e. they are autocrine agents) or of nearby cells (i.e. they are paracrine agents). The EETs have been most studied in animal models where they show the ability to lower blood pressure possibly by a) stimulating arterial vasorelaxation and b) inhibiting the kidney's retention of salts and water to decrease intravascular blood volume.  In these models, EETs prevent arterial occlusive diseases such as heart attacks and brain strokes not only by their anti-hypertension action but possibly also by their anti-inflammatory effects on blood vessels, their inhibition of platelet activation and thereby blood clotting, and/or their promotion of pro-fibrinolytic removal of blood clots. With respect to their effects on the heart, the EETs are often termed cardio-protective. Beyond these cardiovascular actions that may prevent various cardiovascular diseases, studies have implicated the EETs in the pathological growth of certain types of cancer and in the physiological and possibly pathological perception of neuropathic pain.  While studies to date imply that the EETs, EET-forming epoxygenases, and EET-inactivating sEH can be manipulated to control a wide range of human diseases, clinical studies have yet to prove this.  Determination of the role of the EETS in human diseases is made particularly difficult because of the large number of EET-forming epoxygenases, large number of epoxygenase substrates other than arachidonic acid, and the large number of activities, some of which may be pathological or injurious, that the EETs possess.

Paragraph 8: In a parody of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Marge tells Bart to get butane from their "butane storage shed" in the back yard.  As he does so, he finds Kodos there. Kodos states his desire is to return home and that he had come to Earth in peace, though he hints that he was really sent there to destroy mankind. Bart, however, is oblivious to this, and decides to help him return home. Lisa arrives and is happy with the alien in their home and decides to help Bart and Kodos obtain a list of devices (including two tickets to see Avenue Q, Uranium, and "7 billion body bags") that he can use to contact his home planet, though this appears to be part of his diabolical plan. Homer discovers Kodos when the two accidentally share a shower, but he and Marge decide to let the kids help Kodos anyway, after Kodos hints it would be racist to turn him away (He said that they did not want him in the house because he was Jewish).  When NASA agents arrive at the Simpsons home, Homer distracts them by dressing as Abraham Lincoln while Bart sneaks Kodos out.  However, when Kodos kills several agents along the way, Bart begins to think Kodos's intentions are not as friendly as he was led to believe. Finally, Kodos reveals that the devices he had the Simpsons collect were for a portal-generating device so that others of his planet can come to Earth and wipe out the human race and eat their heads. When the aliens (including Kang) invade, the rest of the Simpson family shows up, along with the military. A brief war is waged, and Earth ultimately overpowers the aliens (the massive heads of Kodos' species make them easy targets for attack helicopters). When Bart is given the option to board a helicopter and shoot Kodos, Bart, seeing Kodos' smile, decides to spare him. However, Homer shoots Kodos several times. In the end, Earth emerges victorious and the world is saved. The Simpsons are invited to see Kodos's dissection, where they reflect that since Kodos was an evil-looking alien who turned out to be bad, it must be good to judge a book by its cover. It is revealed that Kodos is still very much alive, as he points what is happening is actually vivisection, only to be suffocated with a pillow by Homer.

Paragraph 9:  A stone bridge built 1870. The Buildings of Ireland website describes it as- Single-arch ashlar limestone road bridge, built c.1870, spanning Owenmore River. Abutment supporting soffit, having shallow segmental-arch with stepped elongated voussoirs. Spandrels with sneck-like levellers at voussoirs. Ashlar wing walls, extensive to west side. Equal length parapets with square chamfered coping projecting with angled surface on outer faces of bridge, vertical ends. Appraisal- ‘The ashlar bridge was built in conjunction with an extensive section of road in the latter part of nineteenth century. It has an elegant arch, the span of which is surprisingly large for a rural bridge. The bridge is expertly constructed of carefully cut ashlar and makes a significant contribution to the civil engineering heritage of the county. The Glangevlin website describes it as- This bridge spans the Abhann Mhor. It is located on the Dowra Road in the townland of Garvolt. It is a remarkable one as it is the second largest one in Ireland which has only one eye, the largest spans the Blackwater in Cork. Strangely enough both bridges are reputed to have been built by the same contractor who was supposed to be a McLoughlin from Enniskillen and his three sons. The stones with which the big bridge was built were excavated by manual labour from huge rocks found in Garvolt. The chisels were sharpened in a nearby forge, which was specially erected by the contractor for that purpose. He was so keen that when the bridge was finished there was only one stone left over, and it can be seen nearby up to the present day. After the bridge was completed and the wooden supports were taken away a loud crackling noise was heard which frightened the contractor so much that he was unfit to undertake any other building contracts. A story is told about the forge which remained long after the construction of the bridge was finished. One night a local farmer decided to use it as a byre to "house" his calves for the winter. As he was driving them in, clods were thrown from all directions and the farmer cried aloud "Let me house my calves for the winter and I will never bother you again." The clodding stopped and the farmer was granted his wish. Many foreign visitors come to fish in the Abhann Mhor and marvel at the structure of the bridge. Geologists ask many questions about it. A "turkey's claw" which is a mark left by sappers who were mapping Ireland is in view on the top of the bridge.

Paragraph 10: Martínez was a strong candidate to make the major-league team in  but was optioned to Pawtucket in late March. The Red Sox called him up on May 22 to replace the injured Scott Williamson, and Martínez made his major-league debut with Boston on May 22, 2004, in relief of another Martínez - Pedro. After a strong start, going 2–0 with a 1.12 appearances, Martínez was lit up in interleague play and the Red Sox optioned him back to Pawtucket in June when outfielder Trot Nixon came off the disabled list. Boston manager Terry Francona was optimistic about Martínez's future: "I think he'll go back to Triple A and be a better pitcher. He'll be back here." Indeed, the Red Sox recalled Martínez on July 2 as Williamson returned to the disabled list. His return was, however, short lived: entering the 12th inning of a 3–3 tie with the Atlanta Braves, Martínez surrendered a game-winning three-run home run to Nick Green; the next day the Red Sox sent him back to Pawtucket and called up Jimmy Anderson. During his two stints with Boston, he made 11 relief appearances, going 2–1 with an 8.44 ERA and a save. At Pawtucket, in 38 games, he had a 3.74 ERA.

Paragraph 11: The only medical work that Aromatari seems to have published was on hydrophobia, with the title De Rabie contagiosa. This little work is divided into five parts, and gives the history of this terrible malady, with the symptoms and treatment; but it contains nothing that has advanced our knowledge of the nature or treatment of this disease. To this work, which was published in quarto at Venice, in 1625, was appended a letter on the reproduction of plants, entitled Epistola de Generatione Plantarum ex Seminibus. Although this epistle does not occupy more than four pages, it contains the germs of great principles, and laid the foundation of inquiries that have had the most important influence on the science of botany. Up to the time of Aromatari, modern botanists had not attended to the functions of plants. In this small tract Aromatari had evidently commenced that course of observation which was so soon, under the influence of the writings of Bacon, to change the aspect of natural science. In this work he maintained that the seeds were the ova of plants, and that in this respect they resembled the ova of animals. He pointed out the fact that the seed in many instances was not in all its parts endowed with the life, but that there was inside it a little plant (the embryo) which grew by reason of its vitality and became the plant itself. He stated, that if the seed did not possess this little plant in its interior, it would not produce a plant at all, in fact, that it was infecund. All that part of the seed which surrounded the embryo, or little plant, he called the milk of the seed, by which he considered the embryo was nourished. This part is now called the albumen. This milk he said was taken into the system of the young plant by umbilical veins; and when it did not exist, the young plant derived its nutriment from the earth. These views are entirely in accordance with those which have been established by modern vegetable physiologists. They were not intended to be the basis of a larger work, which Aromatari had in view on the subject of generation, but bad health and an extensive practice prevented him from fulfilling his intention. To him, however, must be given the honour of first clearly stating the great facts of the development of vegetable life, which in the hands of Linnæus and subsequent writers have become the foundation of principles of the first importance in the science of botany.

Paragraph 12: Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210 is a school district in the southwest suburbs of Chicago. Created in 1951, the district serves the communities of New Lenox, Frankfort, Mokena, Manhattan, and small portions of Tinley Park, Orland Park and Homer Glen. The three schools comprising the district are Lincoln-Way Central High School, Lincoln-Way East High School, and Lincoln-Way West High School. A fourth high school, Lincoln-Way North High School, was closed at the end of the 2015–2016 school year as part of a deficit reduction plan. Lincoln-Way Central and Lincoln-Way West are located in New Lenox, Lincoln-Way East is located in Frankfort and Lincoln-Way North is in Frankfort Square. District 210 offices are located at Lincoln-Way Central.

Paragraph 13: At seven o'clock on the morning of 29 August work on the hull was carried out and Royal George was heeled over by rolling the ship's starboard guns into the centreline of the ship. This caused the ship to tilt over in the water to port.  Further, the loading of a large number of casks of rum on the now-low port side created additional and, it turned out, unstable weight. The ship was heeled over too far, passing her centre of gravity. Realising that the ship was settling in the water, the ship's carpenter informed the lieutenant of the watch, Monin Hollingbery, and asked him to beat the drum to signal to the men to right the ship.  The officer refused.  As the situation worsened, the carpenter implored the officer a second time.  A second time he was refused.  The carpenter then took his concern directly to the ship's captain, who agreed with him and gave the order to move the guns back into position.  By this time, however, the ship had already taken on too much water through its port-side gun ports, and the drum was never sounded.  The ship tilted heavily to port, causing a sudden inrush of water and a burst of air out the starboard side. The barge along the port side which had been unloading the rum was caught in the masts as the ship turned, briefly delaying the sinking, but losing most of her crew. Royal George quickly filled with water and sank, taking with her around 900 people, including up to 300 women and 60 children who were visiting the ship in harbour. 255 people were saved, including eleven women and one child. Some escaped by running up the rigging, while others were picked up by boats from other vessels. Kempenfelt was writing in his cabin when the ship sank; the cabin doors had jammed because of the ship's heeling and he perished. Waghorn was injured and thrown into the water, but he was rescued.  The carpenter survived the sinking, but died less than a day later, never having regained consciousness. Hollingbery also survived.

Paragraph 14: Petrossian is a renowned Armenian composer of symphonic, choral, chamber, instrumental, and vocal music, sound tracks, and theater music. His works are performed, recorded and have been published worldwide. K. Petrossian is a member of the Armenian Union of Composers, American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP), American Music Center, and Armenian Musical Assembly. He is a Co-Chair of the foreign relations department of the Composers Union of Armenia. He served on  the  Sacred Music Council  of  the Diocese of the Armenian Church of America (Eastern).   Konstantin Petrossian  graduated with a master’s degree in composition and musicology from the Komitas State Conservatory. For many years he has given lectures on harmony, music theory, and choral arrangement at the R. Melikian Music College in Yerevan. He was the artistic director and conductor of the Armenian TV and Radio Orchestra. K.Petrossian became director of the Music Center Department for the Union Composers of Armenia, and, also  the vice president of the Armenian Peace Fund.   Since 1995 he serves as the cultural and music director of Sts. Sahag and Mesrob Armenian Church in Providence, where he founded the unique Arts Education Program for children and adults in the Rhode Island community. During the past 25 years he has organized around 270 cultural and education events.  He organized the Church Junior Choir in 1995  and in April 2006 presented a special Concert of Armenian Sacred Music at the United Nations in New York City.     He has also been the artistic director and conductor of the Armenian Chorale of Rhode Island since 1995, and the Armenian Chorale of Greater Worcester since 2000. Konstantin Petrossian also is the president and artistic director of the Armenian Music Festival of Rhode Island, Inc., which was organized in 1997. In the same year Konstantin Petrossian for the first time presented the "Anoush" Opera in concert with Rhode Island Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra.      Konstantin Petrossian was named “The Armenian of the Year” in the State of Rhode Island. He received many awards, including honorary diplomas from the governor and the senate of the State of Rhode Island and the mayor of Worcester, MA. Petrossian has given numerous performances in many countries, including the former Soviet Union, England, France, Spain, Greece, Finland, Canada, Austria, Italy, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Hungary, and Germany. Additionally, he has presented his own music in various cities of the United States and has performed at such prestigious venues as Carnegie Hall in New York in 1990 and 1997. In 1991, he was Music Director of the first Armenian concert at the United Nations, NY, dedicated to the independence of the Republic of Armenia.    He has been the Music Director and Conductor of the Erevan Choral Society of Boston since 2009.    In 2013, Maestro Konstantin Petrossian was awarded the “Movses Khorenatsi Medal” by President of Armenia. The medal is the country’s highest cultural award.      In June 2014, he received the prestigious Sts. Sahag and Mesrob Medal, one of the highest honors of the Armenian Apostolic Church, accompanied by an encyclical from His Holiness Karekin II, Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Armenians, in recognition of distinguished achievement in service to the Church and Armenian culture. 

Paragraph 15: The 2002–03 season saw Hall saw him shine as he was part of a defence as a first team regular. Hall helped the club keep four clean sheets in four matches between 13 August 2002 and 26 August 2002 despite being sent–off in a 0–0 draw against Brentford on 17 August 2002.  His performance led manager Dowie to praise his performance on being "comfortable on the ball and quick in the tackle." After serving a one match suspension, he returned to the starting line–up against Notts County on 7 September 2002, winning 3–1. Hall, once again, helped Oldham Athletic keep three clean sheets in the next four matches between 17 September 2002 and 5 October 2002, in which he missed a match against Swindon Town. Hall then scored his first goal for the club against Stockport County on 2 November 2002. Two weeks later on 16 November 2002, he scored his second goal for Oldham Athletic, in 2–2 draw against Burton Albion in the first round of the FA Cup. His performance saw him being awarded November's Player of the Month in the second division. A month later on 21 December 2002, Hall scored his second goal, in a 1–0 win against Chesterfield. His next goal for Oldham Athletic came on 14 January 2003 against Brentford, in a 2–1 win, Five days later on 19 January 2003, he signed a new deal, which would have kept him at the club until 2005, Six days later on 26 January 2003, however, Hall received a straight red card in the 28th minute for a foul on Steve Jones, in a 3–1 loss. After serving a two–match suspension, Hall returned to the starting line–up against Notts County and helped the club draw 1–1 on 22 February 2003. This was followed by scoring his fifth goal for Oldham Athletic, in a 1–0 win against Mansfield Town. Despite being further sidelined with a toe injury that saw him miss two matches, he continued to remain as a first team regular for the rest of the 2002–03 season, as the club reached the play–offs and proved to be only the second best to league champions Wigan Athletic. Hall played in both legs against Queens Park Rangers, as Oldham Athletic lost 2–1 on aggregate. At the end of the 2003–04 season, he went on to make fifty appearances and scoring five times in all competitions. For his performance, Hall was named in the PFA Team of the Year.

Paragraph 16: Ava Johnson, a young black woman living in Atlanta, is diagnosed with HIV which she contracted from an unknown source through sexual intercourse. Upon her HIV-positive diagnosis, she is alienated by her community in Atlanta and loses her clients at her hair salon on the basis of people's fear of the virus and their association of it with AIDS. Ava decides to move to Idlewild, Michigan, her hometown, to live with her widowed sister Joyce before fulfilling her dream to start a new life in San Francisco, California. When Ava arrives at the Grand Rapids airport, Joyce's close friend Eddie Jefferson comes to pick her up because Joyce is busy taking care of a young woman in labor. At Ava's request, Eddie and Ava stop at a liquor store on the way home from the airport. While in the parking lot of the liquor store, Eddie and Ava witness a violent dispute between a young man, Frank, and his girlfriend who have a young son together. Eddie manages to deescalate the fight by punching Frank in the Adam's apple, a skill which is revealed he learned from serving in the Army. After witnessing the fight and dropping the woman and the baby back off at their house, Eddie reveals to Ava that there is a budding crack problem within Idlewild. Once Ava and Eddie arrive at Joyce's house, Ava discovers that Joyce redecorated the entire house with shades of blue because of a magazine article she read that claimed it was a healing color. Once Joyce returns home, she tells Ava that the woman she was assisting in labor was a crack addict and that the baby will be tested for HIV. The following day, Ava and Joyce, find out that the baby tested negative for HIV; however, the mother left the hospital without the baby. Since the baby is orphaned, Joyce decides that she wants to personally care for the baby; upon making this decision, her and Ava head to Mattie's house, the aunt of the baby, to receive permission. Once the two reach the house, they are met by siblings Mattie and Frank, who tell Joyce that they do not wish to keep the baby. Joyce decides that she wants to find the baby a temporary home; in the meantime, the baby is taken back to the hospital. Joyce reveals to Ava that she leads a group of young teenage mothers at the local church in a weekly group meeting called the Sewing Circus. While the group was initially formed in order to offer Sunday morning nursery care for the mothers, the group evolved into being a group discussion of any issue the girls are struggling with in their daily lives. As a social worker, Joyce uses the Sewing Circus as an opportunity to empower and especially educate young women. While the group is a positive outlet for young women in the community, the topics discussed in the group, such as birth control, do not sit well with the Reverend and the Reverend's wife, Gerry Anderson. The hospital decides that Joyce is allowed to take temporary custody of the baby; once Joyce brings the baby home, she decides to name the baby Imani meaning "faith" in Swahili. Eddie and Ava continue to deepen their friendship; however, Ava fears that any sort of romantic relationship is off-limits due to her HIV-positive diagnosis.

Paragraph 17: While complete contract theory is useful  for explaining the terms of agricultural contracts, such as the sharing percentages in tenancy contracts (Steven N. S. Cheung, 1969), agency costs are typically needed to explain their forms.  For example, piece rates are preferred for labor tasks where quality is readily observable, e.g. sharpened sugar cane stalks ready for planting. Where effort quality is difficult to observe, e.g. the uniformity of broadcast seeds or fertilizer, wage rates tend to be used. Allen and Lueck (2004) have found that farm organization is strongly influenced by diversity in the form of moral hazard such that crop and household characteristics explain the nature of the farm, even the lack of risk aversion. Roumasset (1995) finds that warranted intensification (e.g. due to land quality) jointly determines optimal specialization on the farm, along with the agency costs of alternative agricultural firms. Where warranted specialization is low, peasant farmers relying on household labor predominate.  In high value-per-hectare agriculture, however, there is extensive horizontal specialization by task and vertical specialization between owner, supervisory personnel and workers. These agency theories of farm organization and agricultural allow for multiple shirking possibilities, in contrast to the principal-agency version of sharecropping and agricultural contracts (Stiglitz, 1974, 1988, 1988) which trades-off labor shirking vs. risk-bearing.

Paragraph 18: Like his father, Pacorus sought to accomplish the goal of Artabanus II (), by attempting to establish a long and structured trade-route that spanned through East Asia, India and the coast of the Mediterranean Sea. This planned long trade-route would greatly improve the economy of the Parthian Empire. In order to accomplish this, Pacorus strengthened relations with other powers whom he was able to establish long distance trade with, most notably Han China. In 97, the Chinese general Ban Chao, the Protector-General of the Western Regions, sent his emissary Gan Ying on a diplomatic mission to reach the Roman Empire. Gan visited the court of Pacorus at Hecatompylos before departing towards Rome. He traveled as far west as the Persian Gulf, where the Parthian authorities convinced him that an arduous sea voyage around the Arabian Peninsula was the only means to reach Rome. Discouraged by this, Gan Ying returned to the Han court and provided Emperor He of Han () with a detailed report on the Roman Empire based on oral accounts of his Parthian hosts. The modern historian William Watson speculated that the Parthians would have been relieved at the failed efforts by the Han Empire to open diplomatic relations with Rome, especially after Ban Chao's military victories against the Xiongnu in eastern Central Asia.

Paragraph 19: During the summer of 2000, bassist Brian Marshall began a spiral into alcoholism and addiction. While under the influence, Marshall threatened to beat up guitarist Mark Tremonti, began missing band obligations, and attacking Stapp both verbally and online. The band had a meeting with management to discuss Marshall's future. Stapp and Tremonti supported Marshall going to rehab and attempted to talk Marshall into going, but at that point, Marshall was too far gone to recognize he needed help. Brett Hestla of Virgos Merlot was initially contacted to "fill in" while Marshall went to rehab, but that never happened. Initially, the public thought Marshall was let go because he criticized Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder in a radio interview with KNDD in June 2000, claiming that Scott Stapp is a better songwriter, and criticized Pearl Jam's recent albums for "having songs without hooks." Stapp later distanced the rest of the band from Marshall's comments and stated, "Yes, we get tired of the PJ question, but there is no excuse for the arrogance and stupidity [of Marshall]. I ask you all not to judge Creed as a band, because the statements made were not the band's feelings, they were Brian's. I'm sorry if Brian offended anyone, and he has already apologized for his comments." Although it was reported Marshall left Creed "on friendly terms," he didn't. Tremonti and Stapp were concerned for Marshall and their collective friendships, but soon after the controversy, Marshall formed a new band called Grand Luxx with his old Mattox Creed bandmates. Marshall was temporarily replaced by touring bassist Brett Hestla. Stapp stated Marshall's leaving was his choice and was unrelated to the Pearl Jam comments. Mark Tremonti filled as the bassist on their third album, Weathered, while Brett Hestla became their touring bassist. Marshall later reunited with the band in 2009.

Paragraph 20: In 1941 Fighter Command began the Circus offensive over Belgium and France, beginning on 10 January. JG 26 fought against these operations through the year to the final "Circus" on 8 November. Seifert claimed one of his first successes against "Circus" No. 19 on 23 June—he and Priller were the only claimants, while JG 26 suffered two crash-landed pilots. No. 616 and No. 485 (NZ) Squadron lost one Spitfire each, one pilot killed, the other captured, badly wounded. Combating "Circus" No. 45 on 11 July, Seifert claimed his 12th victory. JG 26 claimed seven in total while Jagdgeschwader 2 "Richthofen" (JG 2—2nd Fighter Wing) claimed three Spitfires. No. 11 Group reported five pilots missing. Against "Circus" No. 48, Seifert claimed another Spitfire as his wing claimed three, possibly four for one pilot killed—the RAF reported four missing. No. 54, No. 603, No. 611 and No. 616 Squadron were engaged with the third squadron losing three pilots. British reports state two of these collided while attacking a Bf 109. Seifert intercepted "Circus" No. 54 and 55 on 21 July, claiming a 15 Squadron Blenheim that had lost an engine to ground-fire and accounted for a Spitfire in the afternoon to inflate his tally to 15. Pilot Officer Johnnie Johnson, future Wing Leader, remarked that the "Circus" was "badly bounced [jumped]" and his formation did not see the enemy until they had opened fire. In the ensuing dogfight JG 26 claimed three for one loss—two Spitfires were lost and their pilots killed. One of them was Johnson's wingman. JG 26 claimed eight Spitfires from "Circus" No. 67 on 7 August. Seifert was among those successful pilots. Fighter Command reported four pilots missing and two wounded. The Germans suffered damage to two Bf 109s and one pilot was wounded. He claimed his 19th victory against "Circus" No. 82, in battle with 111 Squadron. "Circus" No. 95, on the morning onf 17 September, cost Fighter Command six killed, two captured and three wounded and nine Spitfires. Seifert claimed his 20th victory—Paul Galland achieved a victory against No. 603 Squadron. Seifert accounted for a 92 Squadron Spitfire on 3 October in combat with "Circus" No. 105—one of three losses sustained by that unit on the day. "Circus" No. 107 was intercepted by JG 2 and JG 26. The former claimed five Spitfires and the latter two; Seifert being one of those pilots. Fighter Command reported two losses. Postwar analysis suggests JG 26 were responsible for the two Kenley Wing losses and the claims of JG 2 are not supported in British casualty records. On 8 November Fighter Command flew the last "Circus" of the year. No. 308 Squadron encountered Seifert's unit while on a bomber escort mission and lost one pilot killed in action; the Spitfire purportedly fell to Seifert.

Paragraph 21: The girl' basketball team won the Non-Public Group A state sectional championship in 1990 (defeating Academy of the Holy Angels in the tournament final), 1991 (vs. Immaculata High School), 1992 (vs. Queen of Peace High School), 1993 (vs. Paramus Catholic High School). 1994 (vs. Immaculate), 1997 (vs. Paramus Catholic), 1998 (vs. Pope John XXIII High School), 1999 (vs. Immaculate Heart Academy), 2003 (vs. Immaculata), 2005 (vs. Roselle Catholic High School), 2008 (vs. Morris Catholic High School), 2009 (vs. Immaculate Heart), 2010 (vs. Immaculate Heart), 2011 (vs. DePaul Catholic High School), 2015 (vs. Immaculate Heart) and 2016 (vs. Immaculate Heart) and won the Non-Public B state title in 1995 (vs. Mount Saint Dominic Academy). In 2020, the school was declared as Non-Public South A sectional champion, after the finals were cancelled due to COVID-19. The 16 state group titles are the most of any school in the state. The team has won the Tournament of Champions in 1991 (vs. second-seeded Ridgewood High School in the finals), 1993 (vs. fourth-seeded West Side High School), 1995 (vs. second-seeded West Milford High School), 1997 (vs. second-seeded Piscataway High School), 1999 (vs. second-seeded West Morris Mendham High School), 2009 (vs. fourth-seeded Colts Neck High School) and 2016 (vs. second-seeded Manasquan High School). The program's seven titles in the Tournament of Champions are the most of any school. In 2005, the girls' basketball team won the Non-Public, South A title over Red Bank Catholic High School, 51-39. The team moved on to the group championship, defeating Roselle Catholic High School to earn the state group championship. The team advanced to the finals of the 2005 girls' basketball Tournament of Champions, falling to Woodrow Wilson High School, 64-45. In 2008, the girls' basketball team won the Parochial A state championship and moved on to lose in the Tournament of Champions semifinals to Malcolm X Shabazz High School by a score of 75-35. In 2009, the Lady Lancer basketball team, led by Coach Dawn Karpell, won the Non-Public A title with a 77-46 win against Immaculate Heart in the finals at the Ritacco Center in Toms River and was ranked #1 in the New York Metropolitan region by the MSG network after winning their record sixth Tournament of Champions title, defeating Colts Neck by a score of 56-44 in the tournament final. The team won the 2010 NJSIAA Non-Public A state title and finished the season as the #2 ranked team in the state by The Star-Ledger after a 53-39 win over Immaculate Heart that marked the team's 13th victory in a Non-Public A final with no defeats. The Lady Lancers lost to Neptune High School by a score of 67-48 in the finals of the Tournament of Champions at the Izod Center.

Paragraph 22: Eden manages to escape with the help of Jerome and decides to ditch him at a gas station. She succeeds, and gets rides from truck drivers to Vegas. She uses sex for money and means of survival until she finds a place that helps young people in similar situations. She finds Andrew’s mother’s e-mail, and sends her a message. Andrew’s mother replies, and Andrew sends a message shortly after. They both express relief that she is alive, and hope to see her again soon. Seth becomes attracted to Jared, a man he meets in the gym, and they have sex. Carl reveals that he had paid Jared to act as bait, and kicks Seth out. Seth goes online and looks for a new man to stay with. Bryn is revealed to have acted a certain way to get Whitney to fall in love with him. He cheats on Whitney, forces her to record their sex and have sex with other people, and gets her addicted to drugs. Toward the end of the book, the author seems to make Whitney to be losing more of herself. One night, she takes an overdose and ends up in the hospital with her family around her. Her mother cries for her and says that she wants them to have a better relationship now, and that she does care about her. Whitney’s father is angry, and her sister is said to be angry that Whitney stole all of the attention. Lydia sets up Alex and Ginger in the stripping business, and that becomes how they get money and a place to stay. Sex becomes less about love and more about surviving. They get arrested because they were discovered by Vegas Vice, and they are sent to a place that was supposed to help them get their life back together. Ginger calls Gram and finds out that Iris is dying from an STD. She decides to go back home and take care of her siblings, while Alex stays; she is revealed to be pregnant, and she says that she will be a better mother to her child than Ginger or Alex’s mothers were to them. Cody gets into business with Lydia, partnering up with Misty occasionally in having sex with men. He does not believe himself to be gay, but he is described as feeling that he has to do anything to get money and support the rest of his family. His relationship with Ronnie becomes distant, and he hopes that she would find a better man who deserves her. On one of their “dates”, Misty’s boyfriend, Chris, finds them almost naked with their client. He is expressed as being very angry with Misty, and he attacks them, putting them in the hospital. Cody wakes up occasionally there, and Misty and their client are revealed to be dead. Cody hears voices while he is partially conscious. He hears his mother speaking to him, comforting him, and begging him not to leave her.

Paragraph 23: It is true that many Americans find the Commandments in accord with their personal beliefs. But we do not count heads before enforcing the First Amendment . . .. Nor can we accept the theory that Americans who do not accept the Commandments' validity are outside the First Amendment's protections. There is no list of approved and disapproved beliefs appended to the First Amendment–and the Amendment's broad terms ("free exercise," "establishment," "religion") do not admit of such a cramped reading. It is true that the Framers lived at a time when our national religious diversity was neither as robust nor as well recognized as it is now. They may not have foreseen the variety of religions for which this Nation would eventually provide a home. They surely could not have predicted new religions, some of them born in this country. But they did know that line-drawing between religions is an enterprise that, once begun, has no logical stopping point. They worried that "the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other Religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other Sects." Memorial 186. The Religion Clauses, as a result, protect adherents of all religions, as well as those who believe in no religion at all.

Paragraph 24: When he met Blunderbore at the top of the icy mountains in the northland, the two battled with Justin eventually winning and killing Blunderbore. Before he died, Blunderbore caused in vain an avalanche that buried Sir Justin and Winged Victory. Neither of them died, but instead were frozen in suspended animation. In our day, Justin and Victory were discovered and released from suspended animation by a museum curator. Realizing he must now live in the modern world, he decided to fight crime and evil with his skills as a knight, called by everybody the Shining Knight and soon took the civilian alias of Justin Arthur. He eventually met heroes like Crimson Avenger and Vigilante and, after meeting other heroes, they formed the Seven Soldiers of Victory. Later, Justin was invited to join the All-Star Squadron. When the JSA and the Squadron were captured by the time travelling villain Per Degaton, who was planning to change the events of Pearl Harbor to conquer the World, he was able to free himself using his sword, which assisted in the defeat of Degaton, though when Degaton went back to future these events were forgotten. Later, Sir Justin returned to  Britain where he served as the personal bodyguard to Sir Winston Churchill during the war in golden age, meanwhile in bronze age or modern age he served as the personal bodyguard to Queen Elizabeth II, and in same time is called by Merlin for some missions asked by King Arthur and Camelot. During his career as a superhero, he met a boy who looked up to him and vowed to be his sidekick, taking the name Squire.

Paragraph 25: In 2007, Cole published her first book, The cult of true victimhood: from the war on welfare to the war on terror. The book builds on the study of the rhetoric of victimization in American politics, in which the notion of victim is viewed as a useful device for the political establishment to translate failures of the system into individual faults with some group of people. Early writers on this topic include the psychologist William Ryan. Cole studies competing claims to victimhood in contemporary American politics, particularly claims on either side of the culture wars that began in the 1980s and 1990s regarding welfare, feminism, racism, and eventually the War on Terror that followed the September 11 attacks. The notion of victimhood maps naturally onto social groups because a particular set of people is claimed to be disadvantaged by the system, and it is politically salient because claims of victimhood often seek state remedies. Disagreements about victimhood can therefore cause inter-group conflicts through processes like identity politics. Cole argues that part of the source of this tension in the United States is the conflict between the idea of victimhood and the dominant American political culture: because liberal individualism is a fundamental virtue in American political identity, the notion of claiming to be a victim can be cast as pathetic and undeserving. Cole focuses on how "anti-victimist" figures like Charles Sykes, Robert Hughes, Shelby Steele, Alan Dershowitz and Dinesh D'Souza have used anti-victimhood rhetoric to undermine the credibility of those claiming to be victims of an unjust political system, which in turn positions those figures as victims of other peoples' professed victimhood. Conversely, Cole also studies the rejection of victimhood by some second-wave feminists, studying how authors like Naomi Wolf and Camille Paglia rejected the political tactic of identifying with victimhood as a means to accrue power by appearing powerless. Cole's study of victimhood has implications for understanding the right and left in American politics from the 1960s onwards, but primarily focuses on political disputes regarding multiculturalism, identity politics, and feminism during the 1990s, as well as how America was rhetorically cast as a victim to justify the country's response to the September 11 attacks. She also studies the implications of these rhetorical tools to policies including civil and criminal justice reform and the extent of the welfare state. In addition to The cult of true victimhood, Cole has also written about the political use of victimhood and vulnerability in peer-reviewed journal articles.

Paragraph 26: When Edward Carter reached legal age and came into his own inheritance, he married his distant cousin Sarah Champe (1733–1814), daughter of Burgess, John Champe and his wife Jane of King George County, Virginia. Sarah Carter survived her husband despite bearing thirteen children, of whom eleven reached adulthood and had children. Sarah Champe definitely preferred living in Fredericksburg, Virginia, the nearest town to where she had been raised, rather than still-rural Albemarle County, even if it was nearer her husband's vast inherited acreage. Thus, for years they wintered in Fredericksburg, and spent summers in Albemarle County. Their surviving sons included Charles Carter (1751–1826), Edward Carter Jr. (1756– ), John Champe Carter (1758–1826), Robert Carter (1778–1809), William Champe Carter (d. 1834), Whitaker Carter (d. 1821) and Hill Carter. Their daughters included Sarah Carter (who married her cousin George Carter, son of Edward's former playmate and burgess Robert Wormeley Carter of Sabine Hall; and after his death married Dr. John Brown Cutting and had a son), Elizabeth Carter (1762–1818; who married William Stanard of Roxbury Plantation in Spotsylvania County and who cared for her parents in their final years), Jane Carter (1765–1846; who married first British Major Samuel Kellet Bradford, then Major Jean Artur Verminet of Alexandria, Virginia), Mary Champe Carter (1778–1846; who married future judge Francis Taliaferro Brooke who owned plantations near Fredericksburg) and Anne (Nancy) Williams Carter (who married future Georgia Governor George M. Troupe). Edward Carter would ultimately disinherit his son John Champe Carter (for reasons which caused varied later speculation, ranging from mental distress caused by his Revolutionary War service or a gambling problem which caused his father-in-law to establish a trust for his daughter and grandchildren), and enlisted his neighbor Thomas Jefferson for legal help in breaking entail so as to split his inherited and accumulated acreage among his other sons. Charles Carter owned the plantations "Eastern View" in Culpeper County and "Deerwood" in Pittsylvania County, and married Betty Lewis (1765–1830), daughter of their Fredericksburg neighbors Col. Fielding Lewis and Betsy Washington Lewis, so they too spent a great deal of time in Fredericksburg. Edward Carter Jr. married three times. Robert Carter received the Redlands plantation in Albemarle County and married neighbor Mary Eliza Coles (1776–1856). William Carter inherited "Viewmont" in Albemarle County from his parents and named his other plantation "Farley" to honor his wife's family. Their youngest son Hill Carter received "Mine Hill" plantation in Amherst County, which he represented in the Virginia House of Delegates.

Paragraph 27: Rakoff is adjunct professor of law at Columbia Law School. He has taught there since 1988, teaching the first-year class in Criminal Law and seminars on White-Collar Crime, the Interplay of Civil and Criminal Law, Class Actions, and Science and the Courts. He is an adjunct professor at NYU Law School, where he teaches seminars on Class Actions and on Science and the Courts, and also teaches annual one-week seminars at The University of California, Berkeley, School of Law and the University of Virginia School of Law. He previously served on the Board of Managers of Swarthmore College and on the Governing Board of the MacArthur Foundation's Law & Neuroscience Project. Rakoff was elected to the American Law Institute in 2009 and to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2013. He is a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers. Rakoff represented the federal judiciary on the National Commission on Forensic Science (2013–17) and co-chaired the National Academies of Science's Committee on Eyewitness Identification. He served on the New York City Bar Association's Executive Committee and was chair of the Association's Nomination, Honors, and Criminal Law Committees. He chaired the Second Circuit's Bankruptcy Committee and the Southern District of New York's Grievance Committee and Criminal Justice Advisory Board. He participated in the development of the third edition of the federal judiciary's Manual on Scientific Evidence and co-edited The Judge's Guide to Neuroscience. He has assisted the U.S. Department of Commerce in training foreign judges in international commercial law in Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bosnia, Dubai, Iraq, Kuwait, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey. He was a senior advisor to the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology's Advisory Group on Forensic Science and served as an adviser on the ALI project to revise the sentencing provisions of the Model Penal Code.

Paragraph 28: Among the public, his reputation has improved since his presidency ended in 2009. In February 2012, Gallup reported that "Americans still rate George W. Bush among the worst presidents, though their views have become more positive in the three years since he left office." Gallup had earlier noted that Bush's favorability ratings in public opinion surveys had begun to rise a year after he had left office, from 40 percent in January 2009 and 35 percent in March 2009, to 45 percent in July 2010, a period during which he had remained largely out of the news. A poll conducted in June 2013 marked the first time recorded by Gallup where his ratings have been more positive than negative, with 49 percent viewing him favorably compared to 46 percent unfavorably. Other pollsters have noted similar trends of slight improvement  in Bush's personal favorability since the end of his presidency. In April 2013, Bush's approval rating stood at 47 percent approval and 50 percent disapproval in a poll jointly conducted for The Washington Post and ABC, his highest approval rating since December 2005. Bush had achieved notable gains among seniors, non-college whites, and moderate and conservative Democrats since leaving office, although majorities disapproved of his handling of the economy (53 percent) and the Iraq War (57 percent). His 47 percent approval rating was equal to that of President Obama's in the same polling period. A CNN poll conducted that same month found that 55 percent of Americans said Bush's presidency had been a failure, with opinions divided along party lines, and 43 percent of independents calling it a success. Bush's public image saw greater improvement in 2017, with a YouGov survey showing 51 percent of favorability from Democrats. A 2018 CNN poll subsequently found that 61 percent of respondents held of a favorable view of Bush, an increase of nine points from 2015. The improvement has been interpreted as Democrats viewing him more favorably in response to Donald Trump's presidency, an assessment that has also been expressed by Bush himself.

Paragraph 29: In opposition to the Dodo bird verdict, there are a growing number of studies demonstrating that some treatments produce better outcomes for particular disorders when compared to other treatments. Here, in contrast to the common factor theory, specific components of the therapy have shown predictive power. The most compelling evidence against the Dodo bird verdict is illustrated by the research done on anxiety disorders. Many studies have found specific treatment modalities to be beneficial when treating anxiety disorders, specifically cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). Albeit, other studies do not show evidence for cognitive-behavioural and focus on different topics.  CBT uses techniques from both cognitive therapy and behavioral therapy to modify maladaptive thoughts and behaviors. One challenge to the opposition, however, is that some studies were conducted with waiting lists or against medication and criticism can arise as the therapeutic relationship is known to be a factor which influences outcomes. This means the control group may not experience the human condition, whereby the experimental group have an advantage when analysing differences. In addition, comparator trials with other modalities have been known to have unfair training standards between therapies, with some counsellors being given brief workshops over several days to evaluate the efficacy of an approach during trials. Humanistic therapies are also notably difficult to examine due to having less measurable factors that do not fare well under randomised controlled trials. Many of the more extensive studies using different research methodologies with larger sample sizes are overlooked for the perceived gold standard in research. Cognitive-behavioural therapy has indeed been the most examined counselling method; however, to visualise this, you may wish to see them as the big fish in a small pond. Numerous meta-analyses have shown that CBT yields significantly superior results in the treatment of psychological disorders, most notably, anxiety disorders. However, CBT also plays a positive role in treating depression, eating disorders, substance abuse disorders, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. In meta-analytic reviews, there is generally a larger effect size when CBT is used to treat anxiety disorders. Recent studies show that when treating generalized anxiety disorder, CBT generated an effect size of 0.51, which indicates a medium effect. That is a much larger effect compared to supportive therapy and other treatments. Similarly, when treating social anxiety disorder, CBT produced an effect size of 0.62, which again supports the evidence that CBT does in fact yield significantly better results than other therapies. Those supporting the Dodo bird verdict often use meta-analyses to compare multiple treatments in order to illustrate that these treatments have no really significant differences. Some critics claim that if comparisons are made between treatments that already have empirical support (empirically supported treatments, or ESTs) then this will tend to reduce estimates of variability. Nonetheless, Wampold's criteria for including treatments in meta analyses of treatment variability do not require prior empirical support; rather, they must be "intended to be therapeutic". 

Paragraph 30: MVLP 1   Red Garland/Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis – The Red Garland Trio + Eddie "Lockjaw" DavisMVLP 2   Various Artists – Modern MoodsMVLP 3   Red Garland – Red AloneMVLP 4   Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis/Shirley Scott – Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis with Shirley ScottMVLP 5   Shirley Scott – The Shirley Scott TrioMVLP 6   Red Garland – The Red Garland TrioMVLP 7   Coleman Hawkins – At Ease with Coleman HawkinsMVLP 8   Frank Wess – The Frank Wess QuartetMVLP 9   Tommy Flanagan – The Tommy Flanagan TrioMVLP 10  Red Garland – Alone with the BluesMVLP 11  Lem Winchester – Lem Winchester with FeelingMVLP 12  Al Casey – The Al Casey QuartetMVLP 13  Oliver Nelson/Lem Winchester – NocturneMVLP 14  Arnett Cobb – Ballads by CobbMVLP 15  Coleman Hawkins – The Hawk RelaxesMVLP 16  Billy Taylor – InterludeMVLP 17  Willis Jackson – In My SolitudeMVLP 18  Gene Ammons – Nice an' CoolMVLP 19  Shirley Scott – Like CozyMVLP 20  Clark Terry – Everything's MellowMVLP 21  Taft Jordan – Taft Jordan Plays Duke Ellington – Mood Indigo!!!MVLP 22  Yusef Lateef – Eastern SoundsMVLP 23  Coleman Hawkins – Good Old BroadwayMVLP 24  Sam Taylor – The Bad and the BeautifulMVLP 25  Coleman Hawkins – The Jazz Version of No StringsMVLP 26  Clark Terry – Clark Terry Plays the Jazz Version of All AmericanMVLP 27  Cootie Williams – The Solid Trumpet of Cootie WilliamsMVLP 28  Gene Ammons – The Soulful Moods of Gene AmmonsMVLP 29  Kenny Burrell with Coleman Hawkins – Bluesy BurrellMVLP 30  Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis/Shirley Scott – MistyMVLP 31  Coleman Hawkins – Coleman Hawkins Plays Make Someone Happy from Do Re MiMVLP 32  Miles Davis/John Coltrane – Miles Davis and John Coltrane Play Richard RodgersMVLP 33  Various Artists – Music of George Gershwin Played by America's Greatest JazzmenMVLP 34  Various Artists – Music of Cole Porter Played by America's Greatest JazzmenMVLP 35  Various Artists – Music of Richard Rodgers Played by America's Greatest JazzmenMVLP 36  Dave Pike – Dave Pike Plays the Jazz Version of Oliver!MVLP 37  Various Artists – Lusty Moods Played by America's Greatest JazzmenMVLP 38  Various Artists – The Broadway Scene Played by America's Greatest JazzmenMVLP 39  Lucky Thompson – Lucky Thompson Plays Jerome Kern and No More''